{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-23 07:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284601","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118817","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2684,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/601/mufon-5284601.json","updb_database_id":5284601}
Cigar shape then turned into Cube

I stepped outside of my job to grab a smoke a few minutes before 8, when we open. Stepped outside the back door and looked up like I always do then, continued on. Wondered if the moon was still full as I could not remember.(We often joke around and allow that to determine what kind of day we are going to have at the medical center) Quickly glanced up at it. I then did a triple take as there was a reddish object... or two, stationary on the bottom left side of the moon. I stared at it and scrambled for my phone at the same time as I didn't want to lose sight of it. Realised immediately that this thing was massive. you couldn't miss it! AND it was pretty far up. I also abruptly realised it was not a plane at all! It did NOT have wings! Best description I can give is, It looked like 2 planes stuck together at first. Nose to tail...but also looked like a massive cigar with the label around the middle. It sat there for about a minute. I finally got my mobile camera on it and got a photo. It started moving slowly to the north. Then, it started to speed up and changed direction to NE.. Watched the colour of the object go from red to goldish-orange to yellowish-white. I could see that it was a solid object but also noticed the shape had changed. It went over our building and I ran to catch more photos continued to watched it and then it just vanished in midair. Blew my mind! Total sighting was about two and a half to 3 minutes long. I was shaking whilst filming. I couldn't even speak. Was in utter shock but excited all at the same time. Managed to catch a couple photos and an extremely short vid. You have to zoom in on it. I could see it clear as day and there were no visible clouds. There was also no sound coming from it.
