{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-04 21:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292601","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110721","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3114,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/601/mufon-5292601.json","updb_database_id":5292601}
There were 3 in a row then disappeared below the tree line. One flew at extremely fast speed over our heads. One seemed to have been coming down.

I walked outside to talk to my mom one the phone. I looked to my left and saw a planet like star. I’m an amateur astronomer and was extremely curious of what planet it was because it was out of place. I looked at it and it started moving side to side and went down below the tree line, I immediately knew it wasn’t a planet or a star. I went to look further a saw a second one, then a third one, I began to scream in my mom’s ear on the phone, “Mom there’s 3 ufos out here.” I called my wife to come outside quickly to see what I was seeing. She began to open her camera app on her phone while my 12 year old daughter was setting my telescope down on the ground. I was in total awe. Suddenly one flew over our heads a tremendous speed, I mean it was gone. I believe that it was that particular one that came back up into the field of view, by this time all 7 of my family members were outside seeing this thing fly off into the distance. We struggled getting it on camera, it wasn’t picking it up at first. We then noticed another one directly over head and it began flying slowly in the opposite direction and stopped, and appeared to be coming down in the area behind my house. The lights would flash and then go dark, and randomly come back on, and go back out again. While the lights was out, I could make out circular shape silhouette that appeared to be coming down. That was the last we saw of them. This all went on for about 7 minutes. My wife was able to capture footage of at least two, but after further investigation of the video, it looks like there were more than two. The one at the top of video at the very beginning, fly’s to the right and zips off at a 45 degree angle out of the picture, while the other stayed hovering around a moving with changes of direction. The one that flew away seemed to have come back and fly’s in a half circle around the other and off to the left. It comes back again, stops and changes direction again. I have uploaded the video of what we were able to get on film. Thank you for what you all do. This is something that everyone should know is out there.
