{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492601","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66932","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3299,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/601/mufon-5492601.json","updb_database_id":5492601}
{rjl} I saw a triangle shaped craft, with rounded corners. It was about the size of a school bus, laying on its side. it had a large round area on the bottom, toward the rear, like an exhaust, with flames shooting out.

I was on my way home from work, I turned off of Wickham road on to Eau Gallie Blvd heading West toward U.S. 95. I came around a curve in the road, and noticed several cars pulled over in the grass median. I slowed way down thinking they had been involved in a wreck, but then noticed they were all looking up, toward the West. When I looked up, I saw a triangle shaped object, with rounded corners, it was right in front of us, at a height just above the tree line. I pulled off to the side of the road to get a better look. It was moving slowly, in a straight line, toward the South East. It had a circle on the bottom of the craft, toward the rear, with flames shooting out of it, but it was silent. I first thought it was a hot air balloon, since it was moving so slowly, and not making any sound. But it didn't have the basket underneath like a hot air balloon would have, and then it hit me, the flames were shooting down, like an exhaust, not up, like to heat the air in a balloon. The object was about the size and thickness of a school bus, laying on its side. I did not notice any lights, just the bright orange flames shooting down out of the circle. I couldn't see any doors or windows. Besides the exhaust opening, it looked like a solid object. It was white. I had just gotten an "I-phone" a day or 2 before, it was my first smart phone, and I didn't know how to use the camera, and didn't want to take my eyes off of it to fumble around with the phone for fear it would be gone before I figured out how to take a picture. I have been kicking myself for the last few years now because I could have gotten some pictures or video if I had taken the time to learn how to use the camera function before the incident. The craft kept moving in a straight line, toward the South East, and I lost site of it as it went over the trees toward Sarno road. I thought about following it to see where it was going, but was still trying to process what I was seeing, and if I was in any danger. The direction it was going seemed like it was heading toward Melbourne Airport, and I was sure they would pick it up on radar or at least someone would report seeing it, but I didn't see anything on the news. I told my wife and kids about it when I got home, and they reacted like I was joking, sure, you saw a UFO...so I haven't talked about it much since it happened. I would just like to know if anyone else did report a similar sighting around that time frame so I'll know it really happened.
