{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-16 19:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523601","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32338","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3305,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/601/mufon-5523601.json","updb_database_id":5523601}
saw a flashing light over bay or nyc. got binoculors, and i saw it shoot off at light speed. very scary.

Hello my name is Tim and I am 25 years old and live in New Jersey. I live on the bay and on the horizon is the NYC sky line. NYC is about 40 miles from me but on a clear day you can see the city perfectly. It was between 7:50 and 8pm on Friday, September 16th, 2011. I was waiting for the college football game to come on when I sat up out of my bed and looked out my window to see the city skyline when I saw some flashing that caught my attention. It caught my attention because of the inconsistent flashing pattern. My first thought was that it was a light on top of a building. I quickly debunked that when I noticed that it was not on a building but off to the left of what appears to be the Empire State Building. I then thought that it was people taking pictures, or a camera on some type of balloon, to justify the flashing and the moving of the object. As fast as I thought that, that conclusion got throw out of the window because there is no way I would see a camera flash from 40 miles away! Now my curiosity started booming... I have binoculors easily accessible because I'm always looking out at the city or the bay. I grabbed my binoculors and was upset to find that the object had dissappeared. Then, a life changing event happened. (my eyes are getting teary and goosebumps on my arms)...... I saw it flash one more time about five degrees higher than it was. At the same time it flashed, it shot off at a 45 degree angle then when it seemed to be at ground level it went straight. It looked like it was skipping in the air. Like, going and stopping, going and stopping, but super super fast!! It looked like a cresent moon with a white, greenish tint trail when it was shooting off. The first thing that ran through my head after I saw it shoot off was that it was God or Jesus. About two hours later I called the NYC hotline for suspicious activity and reported it. I wouldn't be surprised if there was no record of my call because I felt like the operator did not take me seriously. Now theres one problem with what I saw. Since NYC is about 35 miles away, the object very well may have been over the bay. I use the Empire State Building as a landmark because it was in that line of sight, but there is absolutely a chance that it was not above the city, but above the water. Are there any other reports of the same??!?!? I know what I saw and nobody believes me and I really want some closure.. I'll never forget what I saw that day and if I can be of any help to you, please fell free to contact me. Thank you for your time. 

(name moved to FI Box) CMS 10/04/11 15:22 cst flg
