{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-24 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480601","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79452","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2384,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/601/mufon-5480601.json","updb_database_id":5480601}
{jpg} opaque,

I was sitting out on the deck with my mother who was in town to enjoy autumn in Colorado. It was a clear night, and we were enjoying the cool air and night sky...it was full of stars! We were sitting facing east, and took a break in conversation to look up at what turned out to be the right time. I caught sight of something moving in a straight line across the sky, fast and smooth like a meteorite, and from what I could tell, above the atmosphere. It was not bright, but dark and more opaque, but still visible. Its shape is what intrigued me the most...it was like six diamond-shaped objects asymmetrically arranged in a check-mark formation. It moved like it was one object, though. I'd say it took about 3 seconds for it to cross the visible sky from east to west, before I lost sight of it over the roof of my house. At first, I thought it might be an owl; however, it was too asymmetrical and obviously far away to be that. It didn't look like anything else I had ever seen! 
My mom saw it too, which was nice for me to confirm I wasn't seeing things! She described the look of the object like it had the Klingon's ship-cloaking ability. She wasn't sure what she was seeing at first either, and we have concluded that "UFO" is definitely the most appropriate label.
We were both a little awestruck, as it's not every day you see something so out of the ordinary and mysterious. It is both exciting and a little frightening, I suppose. I am certain that life exists out there beyond Earth, but I would call myself a cautious believer in the idea that some have already visited us. I wonder if maybe what I saw was a creation of our military. I might not ever know, but my gut tells me it was not of Earth. The truth is out there, and now I feel a little closer to it...
