{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-13 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512601","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45713","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2906,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/601/mufon-5512601.json","updb_database_id":5512601}
(GS) Bright orange lights, fading in and out for a few seconds at a time, travelling slowly

I work nights in a remote area with very little light. I first observed the lights while sitting in my work truck around 2100 hrs, they were 800-1000 meters SE of my location at about 50-100 feet off the ground. I immediately got out to get a better view, the lights were only visible for approximately 5-10 seconds. Not enough time to take a cell phone video. 

They were organized in a horizontal line traveling slowly to the west. I am not sure if the lights were part of a larger object or separate from one another. They emitted a very bright orange light and faded in and out sequentially, the rear light would fade out and then reappear in front. Possibly indicating a rotating object? I can only speculate. If it was an aircraft it was moving to slow to achieve aerodynamic lift and I could not hear any noise. 

After the lights were gone I continued scanning the sky to see if they would reappear somewhere else. After a few minutes I spotted two orange lights hovering near a brightly lit drilling rig 5-10 miles to the west. These two moved independently of each other moving slowly in opposite directions. They were visible for about 15 seconds and were also somewhat dimmer. A few more minutes passed and I observed a single orange light hovering above the rig for around 10 seconds. 

Finally after 20 minutes of continued observation I saw a dim orange light at what seemed to be a far distance(20+miles)climbing in elevation of a few thousand feet at 20-301 from my viewpoint before it faded out.

The lights seemed to be followed by two aircraft but I cant be certain. The planes appeared to be on a SW intercept course with one at low elevation and the other high. There is an airforce base nearby and their course came from that direction. The planes made a about a 50 mile loop and returned in the direction they came. Not sure if their presence was related. 

I have seen similar lights before so I was sure that these were the same lights. I was pretty freaked out with the hair on my next standing up, its not something I can explain. Could be natural, man made, or of a higher intelligence. A truck driver asked if I "had seen any UFOs" about an hour earlier. I wonder if he saw the same thing.
