{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-11-15 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521601","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34639","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4896,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/601/mufon-5521601.json","updb_database_id":5521601}
made a swishing noise and hovered then 5mins later shot upwards at such speed

I was about nine and out with about 30 friends in my local area from about 8pm in about November 1979,it had been snowing and on this night it was very frosty,we were all making a skiddy patch for skidding along as kids do.
about 10pm all but three of us decided to go to a local reserviour to look for more fun to be had. us three of us stayed because we were having fun and didn't want to go not to spoil what we were enjoying.
about 11pm we decided to head home as it was getting late. as we walked across the fields (it was a clear frosty still night) i was admiring the views and thinking about the Cuban crises (which was drilled into us and the scarey things it could do , nuclear bombs and all), there is a woods behind us on my left and i heard a swooshing noise, i thought it was the noise it made when wind blew through it, ( I've heard this type of noise many times as i played there a lot)I turned to look at the tree tops to see if they were moving from the effects of any wind (which there was none)nothing was moving which i found odd and couldn't understand why i could here the noise as nothing in the area ever made that noise (i know because i lived and played in that area all my life)all 3 of us were walking side by side and the grass below us was crunching so i tried to walk with out to much noise to hear better, i looked further behind me and for some reason i felt calm when i noticed an object behind us, it was dark\greyish in colour and about a hundred yards away and about the height of a block of flats high in the air (about a hundred and fifty up)against the starry background i can only describe the object as what looked like a pudding bowl with a rim on it with another pudding bowl face down on top of it giving it that now a classic saucer shape. the whooshing noise emminated from its location, it was like a low ,gentle noise, it wasn't spinning or nothing like that it was still. there was a light on its left hand side (right side as i looked at it as it was behind us) the light was about the size of a fist next to a space hopper toy, (laugh out loud , that's apt Isn't it) anyway the light was not bright or shiny , have you ever made those lanterns out of crate paper, well it was like that, it had the look of a flies eye you know small hectaginals shaped.
I took all this in in moments due to what i was seeing and i was into war things and planes ,helicopters etc so i knew nothing like what i was seeing that i knew off even existed( to point out at this time UFO's or aliens didn't even exist or be in my imagination at this time).
as i continued to observe the object i said to the friend next to me look at this QUICK look , i never once took my eyes of it, my friend thought i was trying to play a joke but i grabbed him to turn him , he seen it and grabbed me in fright and said what is it , i said i don't know but it looks like a space craft. we said to are other friend look look at this he presumed we were both trying to joke to get him to look to be scared, he refused to look (remember this was all in minutes), we both in seconds grabbed him to turn him to look, we only turned away for seconds to do this , when we turned him the object had shot up into the sky and was nearly at the point \height of the highest plane I've ever seen in the sky, it then went out of view, on our way home we all wowed at what had just happened. i got into my house and my mum said were the bloody hell have you been ??? I said its only about quarter past eleven my mum said its not its 2.30am?? to this day i am still amused how this has happened as i only lived 5 minutes away from the area were this happened. my 2 other friends don't like to mention this to others until i bring it up, we laugh about it, but I'm still to this day baffled by it and it sparked my Interest into life beyond us. I tell this happening to people a lot as it was very weird and still unexplainable. its changed my beliefs and views. I've never officially reported this, one because of my age at the time in case I was disbelieved and two because of the inappropriateness off it.
since this I've seen many things and studied this subject and for a long time believed in this phoneme, my mind CANNOT be changed
