{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-13 18:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528601","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26966","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2413,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/601/mufon-5528601.json","updb_database_id":5528601}
Multiple Light Displays -

After dark - my wife and I were driving east on highway 70 between Boswell and Soper Oklahoma. We noticed ahead in the eastern sky, two very bright lights close together, about 30-deg above horizon. The lights alternated blinking out and reappearing several times - then the visible one initiated what appeared to be three successive and distinct "shooting" forward of new objects with bright tails - but with the each new object originating from the previous. The object(s) then simply disappeared.

Approximately 5 minutes later, four dimmer objects were noticed in the NE and Northern sky. We pulled over to the side and got out of the car and observed the objects moving east-to-west, and west-to-east by making erratic changes in direction and speed. One of the objects appeared to be coming toward us (became much brighter) and then again it began the "shooting" process with each new streak ending in a new light and then shooting out again. This event included four distinct "shootings" - and then the light disappeared.

The initial feeling was we were observing a fireworks and/or flares display. This feeling changed to thinking we were watching a modern day dogfight. This excitement was fortified by the sound of jets overhead - but the sounds did not seem to correspond to the location of the lights. I seemed as if the jets were attempting to intercept the objects. 

At this point I called 911 on my cell and reported the sightings to the Hugo, Oklahoma 911 operator. I explained that there was a light show going on in the northern sky and that she would probably be getting some additional calls.

Overall, we observed the lights and listened to the jets for 15-20 minutes. The lights eventually disappeared (dimmed out) but in different quadrants of the northern sky.
