{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T14:14:30Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3903263, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/15-0007.pdf", "source_sha256": "ca385a2d8a9710bafdddf411c2f27595d709b3d8227554d3a0d4370ec8fe005f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 158, "chars": 1092, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY
NAVAL RESEARCH LABORATORY
4555 OVERLOOK AVE SW
WASHINGTON DC 20375-5320
IN REPLY REFER TO
5720/FOIA-15-0007
1030/15-0007
January 19, 2015
Mr. John Greenwald
The Black Vault
Transmitted Via Electronic Mail
Dear Mr. Greenwald:
This is in response to your letter to the Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) dated
October 25, 2014 citing the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), and requesting
copies of documents from Project Argus. Between August and September 1958, the US Navy
exploded three fission type nuclear bombs 480 km above the South Atlantic Ocean, in the part
of the lower Van Allen Belt closest to the earth's surface. In addition, two hydrogen bombs
were detonated 160 km over Johnston Island in the Pacific.
Following a search of the NRL Technical Library, the enclosed record is forwarded per your
request. Fees associated with this FOIA have been waived.
Should you have any questions regarding the foregoing, please contact me at 202-767-2541.
Sincerely,
RICHARD L. THOMPSON
Freedom of Information Act Officer
By direction of the Commanding Officer
Enclosures

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 406, "chars": 2833, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Science
went in the great Indus
work Dr. Revelle was
f "Sitara-i-Imtiaz" by the
is a member of many
rch Advisory Committee of
I of the House Committee
laval Research Advisory Committes
Project ARGUS-A Program of
Isolation and Confinement Research
William W. Haythorn
Behavioral Sciences Department
Naval Medical Research Institute
The Navy has long been aware that prolonged isolation and confine-
ment of men in relatively small vehicles or habitats can have undesirable
effects - not only on their social-emotional well-being, but also on their
performance effectiveness. Thus, to study the problem, the Navy estab-
ished Project ARGUS (Advanced Research on Groups Under Stress) at
the Naval Medical Research Institute in 1962. Initial funding was pro-
vided by the Office of Special Projects.
The immediate objectives of Project ARGUS were to build a body of
scientific knowledge regarding the effects of isolation and confinement,
the nature of individual differences in tolerating such stresses, and the
effects of various techniques used to minimize any impairment of psy-
chological functioning resulting from them. The long-range goal of the
program, was to provide a base of knowledge which would aid in devel-
oping improved vehicle design criteria, selection and training proce-
dures, and crew management techniques. Also, this knowledge would
contribute to the development of advanced sea-based deterrent systems,
deep submergence systems, man-in-the-sea habitats such as Sealab,
manned spacecraft, etc.
Initially, heavy emphasis was placed on identifying and assessing the
effects of stress encountered in closed ecological systems in which normal
atmospheric conditions would be maintained. Four sources of stress
seemed paramount: stimulus reduction, social isolation, confinement,
and interpersonal friction. Anecdotal and research data from a variety
of sources, e.g., submarines, Antarctic weather stations, Arctic radar
stations, and laboratory studies, indicated that these four sources were
capable of impairing man's adaptation and performance in many ways.
These same sources of stress also appear relevant in hyperbaric systems
such as Sealab. However, in such systems they are combined with in-
creased pressure, exotic gas atmospheres, and the physical dangers of
working in a marine environment outside of the capsule.
The ultimate objective of the research program was (and is) to improve
the cost effectiveness ratio of future Navy underwater systems. Thus, an
effort was made to construct a conceptual framework which would relate
the effectiveness criteria to the group behavioral processes which de-
termined these criteria. These processes, in turn, would be related to the
variables involved, ie., the kinds of people comprising the crew; the
1
APPROVED FOR PUBLIC
RELEASE - DISTRIBUTION
UNLIMITED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 440, "chars": 3058, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
nature of the environment provided the crew; and management inter-
ventions such as training, leadership, and incentive programs. In this
manner, a chain of causal relationships was envisioned which would link
crew compositional, environmental, and management intervention vari-
ables with the intra-crew processes which produce criterial outcomes.
The research program was then developed within this framework.
Stimulus Reduction
Most isolated duty assignments provide a lower degree of stimulus
variety than that which is normally available. Feelings of boredom and
monotony, which are associated with stimulus reduction, have often
been cited as causes of performance impairment in operational situa-
tions. In extreme cases, e.g, a high altitude pilot on a routine night patrol,
or a soldier standing a lonely nightwatch, there are almost no stimuli for
the man to react to. Laboratory research on stimulus deprivation has re-
ported extreme responses to such extreme degrees of stimulus reduction.
These responses include hallucinations, claustrophobic reactions of fear
and anxiety, detriments in perceptual and cognitive functioning, a
heightened desire for almost any kind of stimulus, changes in sensory
acuity, feelings of subjective stress, changes in EEG recordings, etc.
In this area, Project ARGUS has attempted to quantify these responses
more precisely than has been done heretofore, determine individual dif-
ferences in responses to stimulus reduction, and determine the efficacy
of stimulus enrichment procedures in eliminating the undesirable effects.
In the most recent, on-going study, individual subjects have been con-
fined to small rooms under conditions of complete darkness and silence
for seven days. They are then compared with other subjects, similarly
confined, but with ad lib access to lights, reading material, television,
AM-FM radio, recorded music, and conversation with another subject
on a mutual desire basis. In this study, 19 out of 40 stimulus-deprived
subjects were unable to complete the seven-day period of confinement.
Only one out of 20 stimulus-enriched subjects were unable to complete it.
During the test, the differences between the two experimental groups
in subjective stress and emotional symptomatology were measured. To
assess stimulus hunger, subjects in both groups were permitted to listen
to a very monotonous recording of an old stock market report. The
subjects could trigger the recording by pulling continuously on a spring-
loaded lever. There were no differences between the two groups at the
outset of the experiment. However, by the last day, stimulus-deprived
subjects were listening for more than two-thirds of the time the stimulus
was available. Stimulus-enriched subjects were scarcely listening at all.
A vigilance task provided for subjects indicated that performance im-
proved under conditions of stimulus reduction. This improvement was
probably due to the increased stimulus hunger and the resulting arousal
2
V2
W1
lif
SU
TiC
by
be
tio
du
obt
abl
are
enc
mei
and
per
to r
for

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 258, "chars": 1752, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
гу
ies
if-
Icy
its.
)-
ice
rly
on.
ect
red
int.
e it.
aps
To
ten
The
ng-
the
ved
alus
all.
im-
was
usal
Monitors in the central experimental control room
value of any stimuli that occurred. Responses to a symptomatology
questionnaire indicated three distinct clusters of symptoms associated
with stimulus reduction: tedium and monotony, worry and fright, and
positive contemplation (a tendency to accept the situation and reflect on
life in general, the meaning of things, etc.). Although stimulus-deprived
subjects showed more of all three kinds of symptoms than stimulus-en-
riched subjects did, different subjects appeared to respond to the situa-
tion in different ways. It is expected that further research will reveal that,
by studying a subject's personality characteristics, an experimenter will
e able to predict how he will respond to stimulus reduction.
Data obtained to determine individual differences in tolerance to isola-
tion included personality measures, physiological measures obtained
during a pre-experimental baseline period, and restlessness indicators
obtained during the first few days of exposure to experimental condi-
tons. Analyses thus far completed indicate that individuals who are un-
able to endure prolonged exposure to conditions of stimulus reduction
are those who normally enjoy a wide variety of sensations and experi-
ences, have a relatively high level of serum uric acid prior to the experi-
ment (and before they know to which condition they will be assigned),
and evidence a high degree of restlessness at the very outset of the ex-
periment. Further refinement of these predictive measures is expected
to result in improved selection and psychiatric screening of personnel
for isolated duty assignments.
3

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 442, "chars": 2891, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Crews in Isolation
The project's first laboratory study of isolated groups was aimed at
determining the degree to which isolation and confinement affected
group adaptation and performance, and the degree to which such effects
were modified by crew composition considerations. Eighteen pairs of
men were selected in such a manner that in each experimental condi.
tion, ie., isolation and non-isolation, one third was homogeneously high,
one third heterogeneous, and one-third homogeneously low with regard
to each of four personality variables: dogmatism, need achievement,
need affiliation, and need dominance. The isolated pairs were assigned
to spend ten days in a 12x12 room and perform scheduled tasks with
virtually no contact with the outside world. Non-isolated pairs were as-
signed to work in identical rooms on the same tasks on the same sche-
dule. However, they were free to leave the rooms between tasks, eat in
the regular enlisted men's mess, sleep in the barracks, partake of routine
recreational facilities, and, in general, live and work much like everyone
else on the base.
Two of the nine isolated pairs were unable to complete the ten-day
assignment and two other pairs displayed a high level of interpersonal
hostility. In one such case, the experimenters were required to intervene
to avoid serious physical conflict. None of the non-isolated pairs had any
such difficulty. Responses to subjective stress and symptomatology ques-
tionnaires indicated that men in the isolated groups experienced con-
siderably more stress than the non-isolated group members did. Also,
members of the isolated pairs exchanged more varied and intimate per-
sonal information. This latter finding is consistent with anecdotal ob-
servations which indicate that men in isolated groups use each other as
significant sources of stimulation and, in some cases, get to know each
other too well too soon.
Although members of isolated pairs experienced heightened levels of
subjective stress, they performed cooperative tasks better than their
control counterparts did (as long as they were able to endure the as-
signment). An examination of the relationship between subjective stress
and increased performance suggested that it was a function of an in-
verted U relationship, with increasing stress producing better per-
formance up to moderate levels of stress. Both the stress and per-
formance results indicated that hypothetically compatible pairs of
men (ie., one man high and the other low on need for dominance, or
similar personalities on the other three dimensions) experienced
less stress under conditions of isolation than hypothetically incom-
patible pairs did.
Data were also obtained regarding the use subjects made of the space
and objects in the room, and the degree to which they spent their free
time in solitary versus joint activities. Analysis of these data indicated
4

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 215, "chars": 1557, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
! pair working on a decoding task (distortion caused by taking picture through viewing glass)
solated pairs of men tended to withdraw from each other and estab-
ear-cut territorial preferences to a significantly greater degree than
control counterparts did. This was especially true of incompatible
ed groups with the nature of the incompatibility determining the
e of the social interaction and territorial relationship. For example,
who were incompatible on people-oriented variables (affiliation
lominance) tended to establish clear-cut territorial preferences,
pairs incompatible on dogmatism and achievement showed no
tendency. Also, pairs who were incompatible on egocentric vari-
, while pairs incompatible on affiliation and achievement tended to
raw from each other (ie., engage in more solitary than joint ac-
. These two interpersonal adjustment processes -establishing ter-
i claims and withdrawing socially - appear to be mechanisms for
ing interpersonal stress.
s study of isolated pairs of men indicated that the effects of isola-
nd confinement on social-emotional well-being and performance
veness were significant. It also demonstrated that the effects of
on were significantly modified by crew composition, particularly
; factor related to interpersonal compatibility.
cond study of isolated pairs, recently completed, was addressed to
restion of the degree to which modifying isolation conditions would
the responses of group members. In this study, eight isolation con-
s which differed in the degree of privacy permitted, the degree
5

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 454, "chars": 2919, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
of contact with the outside world provided, and the information given
the subjects regarding the length of mission duration were examined. In
half of the groups, both members of the pair were confined to the same
room. In the other half, each man had his own room with a connecting
door to his companion's room. Half of the groups in each condition of
privacy were provided essentially no contact with the outside world. In
the other half, there was not only voice contact from mission control,
but also occasional playing of popular music, questions and answers from
the Playboy Advisor column, and non-current news reports. In half of
each of these four conditions, subjects were told that their mission would
last four days. In the other half, subjects were told that the mission would
last 20 days (the actual duration of all missions was eight days). Thus,
the experiment was a two by two by two design, with eight conditions of
isolation and at least three groups in each condition.
Although the data gathered in this study are still being analyzed, it is
clear that the more austere conditions of isolation, as compared to the
first study, produced a much higher rate of request for early release (53
percent of the pairs in the second study were unable to complete the
assigned eight days of isolation). Furthermore, the different conditions
of isolation produced different rates of aborting, and different levels of
subjective stress and anxiety. The highest abort rates were produced by
combinations of the no-privacy condition, no outside contact, and ex-
pectations of a 20-day mission duration. Further analyses are underway
to determine the degree to which task performance, territorality be-
havior, interpersonal interaction, and other aspects of adaptation and
performance were affected by experimental conditions. The results of
this study are expected to contribute to improved guidelines for the de-
sign and manning of underwater vehicles and other Navy systems which
involve a high degree of isolation and confinement.
Man-in-the-Sea
Before the results of laboratory studies can be applied in an opera-
tional Navy setting, they must be evaluated in field research. To this
end, the Project ARGUS staff participated in Sealab where it was pos-
sible to obtain not only extensive demographic, personality, and experi-
ence data regarding the aquanauts, but also a wealth of data regarding
the subjective and objective adaptation and performance of aquanauts
to the Sealab condition. Analysis of the data collected during this experi-
ment has yielded a highly reliable and useful measure of effective per-
formance, which includes both task and social effectiveness, and incor-
porates both objective and subjective data. By analyzing the relationships
between the characteristics of individual aquanauts and their perform-
ance in Sealab, a preliminary basis is provided for selection of future
6

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 213, "chars": 1550, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sealab I aquanauts were observed by closed-circuit TV
aquanauts. These preliminary results, in addition to complementing
current laboratory research, provide a basis for further examination of
laboratory results in a man-in-the-sea setting and a set of data to be con-
sidered for developing further laboratory investigations.
In addition to providing substantive data, research on Sealab II pro-
vided opportunities for methodological and conceptual developments.
The study combined the use of closed-circuit television, microphones
and official records with more conventionally employed measures, e.g.,
ociometric ratings, leader ratings and self-reports, as data sources. Re-
earch results in Sealab promise significant advancement toward more
omplete and valid data collection for groups under extreme stress in
eld settings.
The increase in sophistication of electronic devices, such as television
nd transistorized transmitters, is part of the methodological revolu-
on in psychology which was employed in part by Sealab research. High
peed digital computers are essential to the conduct of such research be-
atise of the masses of data generated and the complexity of analyses re-
mired. Conceptual models employing more detailed and sophisticated
ata can be expected as a result of methodological advances. The report
f research on Sealab I1 also adapted and developed theoretical concepts
hich provide the link between laboratory and field research necessary
the analysis, understanding, and prediction of behavior in stressful
nvironments.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2980, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Group Processes and Modeling
Some of the phenomena important to an understanding of the be-
havior of isolated groups can best be studied in carefully circumscribed
laboratory settings which abstract the phenomena under investigation
and deal with them exclusive of other possible variables. These include
various group processes which are especially important in isolated
groups, but which can not be readily or economically investigated in
long-term isolation studies or in operational field settings. The Project
ARGUS program has therefore included experimental social psycho-
logical studies of the contagion of aggressive behavior, the social pene-
tration or acquaintance process, the social comparison process by which
men evaluate the adequacy of their task performance, the reactions of
mature and immature character structures to different leadership styles,
the contagion of generous behavior, and the relationships between ter-
ritorial preferences and interpersonal compatibility.
In an effort to integrate the various findings of Project ARGUS studies
in a single conceptual framework, an effort has been initiated to develop
a computer model of small crew behavior. This model is intended to in-
corporate the major findings of a variety of studies, to provide a sym-
bolic analog of crew processes, and, ultimately, to provide a tool for
testing the sensitivity of system performance to variations in psycho-
logical parameters. The modeling effort is expected to be a continuing
process, which will incorporate greater degrees of sophistication as better
empirical data become available, and provide a core around which
further research investigations will be centered.
Navy Awards Contract for SABMIS Study
An industry team headed by the Hughes Aircraft Company, Fullerton, California, has
been selected by the Navy to perform an advanced study of a Sea-Based Ballistic Missile
Intercept System (SABMIS). The team also includes the Lockheed Missile Space Company,
Sunnyvale, Calif. and the Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company, New port
News, Va. The study, which will take about six months, will focus on a surface ship as a
platform for the system.
A special Navy evaluation board reviewed proposals submitted by 23 companies. Bid-
ders formed combinations of companies in order to meet the requirement that the SAB-
MIS program must draw on experience in three fields: missiles, electronics (especially
radar), and shipbuilding.
The study contract, which is a follow-on from previous SABMIS studies, is expected to
lead to a preliminary design of a SABMIS system.
An Advanced Planning Briefing for Industry on Naval Ordnance and Missiles will be
held at the State Department Auditorium, Washington, D. C., March 26-28. Additional
information on this briefing, which is sponsored by the Naval Material Command and the
American Ordnance Association, may be obtained from Mr. R. C. Lampert, Naval Material
Command (MAT 032C), Washington, D. C. 20360.
