{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T15:04:14Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 526546, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/1949-fbi-ufo-memo-describes-technology-at-least-50-years-ahead-of-humans-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "f81e2947a3d6fd3633a4dd4135a93de7248abed1688d2e1f04fba5093a9f3fe0"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 371, "chars": 2441, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memorandum • UNITED SIDES GOVERNMENT
DIRECTOR, FBI
DATEEnU ry 31, 1949
PROM SiC, Suti LITTONIO
SUBJECT PROTECTION OF VITAL DIST IMiTIONS
BURE U FILE i 65-53300
2010313177
at recent icelly Intelligence Conferences Of G-2, OHI, OSI, and F.D.I.,
in the Fourth: Iny rEi, Oificers of G-2, Fourth iray lieve discusssa the
ritter of "Unidentified ‚ircraft" or "Unidentifiod Atricl Phononena" othervise
known is "Flying Discs" "Flying Saucers", end "Balls of Fire". Iis mitter
is considered to secret by Intelligence officers of both the
i forces.
It is: -Il knomn thei tiele teve buen during the lest tro Ic:15 re orts Iraa
the various pirts of tit countr of the sighting oi uniciantificd ccri: 1
objects which have bec cilled in nonspaper parlance "flying dises" and
"flying saucers".
The first such sightings tore relarted frau suaden, and
it is thought thet the objects, the nature of itlich nes unknorm, wight devo
orifinited in Russic.
In Jul; 1945 in unidentified aircraft is "seen" be an instern :irlines
rilot and Co-Pilot and one or more pessongers of tho Distern .irlinca Plane
OvcI Lontgancry, alivene. Tus circrilt ues icsorted to be oî in uncon
ventional type without vines and Icsenbled genuilly a "rodict shion of the
tipe caicted in colic strips. It mas igorted to have had mindoris; to
hive bian l rger thin the justorn wirlincs pling, and to hiva been tr. valing
cù an istimited snced ol 2700 miles in our. It inpaired out of i thuncica.
¡ced ahcad of the listorn sirlines plona end immediatal: discipeared in inothel.
cloud narronly missing : collision with the Jestern iirlincs blinc.
sound or cir disturbince ves notad in connection with this eppuisincc.
Durin the " si tro months various sightings oi unciplinod phonomone heve
scon icioitad in tic vicinit; of tho ini.o. Instillation at Los il aos,
Not: Luxico, hire these picnamine now apcit to be concentratco. Durins
- Eants of the Office of Spccial Investig-tion: „irlinc Pilots; filitiry
• Ilots, Los ilimos Sicurity Insectors, and privato citizens.
Jinu-ry 6, 1949, inother sirilis object tas sighted in the sini cice.
¿ lictcorologist el song notc, ties Scen Gcncr:lls in
chirge of tic abservitions neir Los «dinos, ettonsting to lairn chiletor-
istics of the uncilained shanonone.
Up to this tine little concrote iríori.tion his bean obtiined.
RECORD MABE
S. 100-754.
Mr: a posal
DElles '(2)"
Houston (2)
F
8
Litt1c Rock (2)
O'ilahona City (2)
13 MAR 1G 1949..

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 466, "chars": 2734, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DIRECTOR, FBI
1/31/49
Thirt live been dry tins sightings rhich arc tent tivel; consideicd to possibly
Icsonble the chrust of some type of jet sropelled object. ilight-time sightings
ive tiken the forn of lights usu ll! described as brilliant grien, silir
to i sucen traffic signel or frcan ncon light.
Some reports indicited thit the
light bogin and anded with : iod or orange Ilesh. Otier reports live given tho
color as rod, whito, blu-litito, and yellowish LIcen.
Trailing lights sae-
ties observed are sata to be ica.
The socctrun inelysis of one light indicatco
thai it at be i copper co gound of the tyao knoin to be uacd in roclict
clicriments and thich co mistaly disintegrates upon ex losion, larving no
¿ciris. It is noted titt no debris lies cvir boan Inown to be locitod any here
resulting from the uncil inca phenonena.
Iccent obscry. tions hive inleited thet the unidentifica cnaieni trival it
i Fite of spacd estimatcă at i rinia of thrif milos per sicond end a perimuma
oi trialve miles dir sccond, or a flin calculted socod of sovan and oniilcli
diles a sccond, or 27,000 riles in lour. Their robortaù courso indicetes thit
ther traval on an Fist - "est ling with probibility thit ther : 2io cil Iram
the northern udrent, rhich nould bo the list stage of the jicat circle route
i the orifinited in Russi..
han obscavcd they sica to be in icval flight
it: licight of six to ten niics and tlus travcling on = tingart to the carth's
suriacc. Thc". occ:sionall, dis it tha and of the path and on tio occ:sions
¿aciinite verticel chenge in seth res indicitod. Thiso pianosene heve not
bica inown to hive been sighted, horvor, it iny interncaiito point betrican
jussir ind los il nos, but orly it the and of the flight tord the eppirent
"trigct", niraly, Los "Linos.
In cvery case but one the shepo of the objicts has been rcpoited is round
Lil è point of lighi ritu a dciinito cia to the ligitis source, one icloit
¿ivis i diènond shapo; inothci indicato: thrt triiling lighis cro clon =ted.
To size is usu-lig coverid to on-fourte tho diractor oi the full noon, and
tic inve also bich camperca in sizo to e brsictorll lith trailing lights the
sisc di i bisco 1l.
On no occ sion his sound icen issociated dircctl, with the pianoren:, jut
unil-inco-sounds invo been icorted from Los ilinos. On tilo occ.sions
I Dits inve been icecived oi the sighting of multiple units.
san nino scientific ra.cons irc statod to exist which indicatco thit tha
picnomone poscruca are not due to notcorites, The onl conclusions Iccched
thus int iri tlet the; cic citier hitlorta unobscivod n-tural phonazon: or
th i they irc in indo.
io scientilic cpcriments ero tinown to axist in this
country wich could give riic to sua! phenarchi..
- 2 -

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 196, "chars": 1278, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
their train
DIRECTOR, FBI
1/31/49
ins the subject of a lcitor fron tic itlenta office
to taC Burcau ditca abjust 10, 1948, entitled,
ble
she is written miny Iciters to lillitar, inthoritics concoring her theorics
Icgarding itanic Energy. Sie hu icnirally been consiccred unrelieblo ind
possibly mentally unbalancod.
she, horever, has subnittca to tilitary
authoritics the only ticory thus fai morn that has any crodibility at all,
nicly, thit the lights aro senifestitions of cosnic tays mich ere diriciad
torard a specific ›oint.
She further theorizes that such icys ney intericte
"ith the ignition of dotors ind dig account for various unaxalcinod air crashcs.
The above is submitted for the confidantiél infornation oi the 3uiciu and
offices to itich cories oî tris lettor are dircated so that these offices may
vaulite in! such if bits tire? des tve raccived oi dis Icccive in the fuilie.
L• Is notia tiet the fourt" ses the ics onsibilit; di giotcctIny vile
instillitions et Los .linos, Nor icico, Sindia B-se, ica Luxico, ind C-i:
Hoai, Icias, iny information devalopod sioula be cxiiditiousl; transuitted to
Gri, Fourth in.
I: * furic: noted that G-2 and O.S.I, arc activaly angiged in investigiting
tils ditter. No investigation is being conductid by this offica.
= 3
-
