{"created_utc": "2026-08-29T23:56:37Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 453251, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/20090624-reid-to-depsecdef-ref-aaitp-in-sap-pdf.pdf", "source_sha256": "4e19551dacb7bbddc3a8c014f06d48c2a0f64b2d00941dd4d5c8fd78a4c4daaa"}

HARRY REID                                                                                            MAJORITY LEADER
  NEVADA


                                          'mnitro .stlltts ,smlltt
                                               WASHINGTON, DC 20510-7012
                                                     June 24, 2009


      Honorable William Lynn 1Il
      Deputy Secretary of Defense
      1010 Defense Pentagon
      Washington, DC 20301-1010

       Dear Secretary Lynn:

           Beginning this past September, the U.S. Senate has mandated that the Defense Intel1igenc'e
       Agency assess tar~termforeign advanced aerospace threats to, the United States. The scope of
       program interest covers from the present out to forty years and beyond. In order to further our
       effort in recognizing emerging disruptive aerospace tec1mologies~ technical studies are being
       conducted in regard to advanced lift, propulsion, the use of unconventional materials and
       controls. signature reduction, weaponry, human interface and human effects.

            Since the Advanced Aerospace Threat and Identification Program (AAITP) and study were
       first commissioned, much progfess has been made with the identification of several highly
       sensitive, unconventional aerospace~related findings. Given the current rate of success, the
       continued study of these subjects will likely lead to technology advancements that in the
       immediate near-tenn will require extraordinary protection. Due to the sensitivities of the
       infonnation surrounding aspects of this program, I require your assistance in establishing a
       Restricted SpeciaJ-Access-Program (SAP) with a Bigoted Access List for specific portions of the
       AATIP.                                    .

            In order to support this national effort,. a small but highly specialized cadre of Department of
       Defense (DoD) and private sector individuals are necessary. These individuals must be
       specialized in the areas of advanced sciences, sensors, intelligence/counterintelligence, and
       advanced aerospace engineering. Given the likelihood that these teclmologies wlll be applied to
       fiiti,re systems involving space flight. weapons, communications, and propulsion, the standard
       management"and safeguarding procedures for classified 'information are not sufficient. Even the .
       use of conventional SAP protocols will not adequately ensure that all aspects ofthe project are
       properly secured. Although not every aspect of AATIP requires Restricted SAP read-on. the
       following portions should be maintained at the Restricted SAP level:

             •   The methodology used to identify, aequire, study! and engineer the advanced
                 technologies • ...,ci.1ed with AATIP.

                     o   Specific methodolOgies used to study unconventional technology may require
                         nuanced approaches that will undoubtedly be of significant interest if not a top
                         priority for adversarial Foreign Intelligence Security Services (FISS).
Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
, '


                 o   Undue attention by government, or private sector entities, not involved in AATIP
                     or any international interest will directly or indirectly interfere with the daily
                     AATIP mission and perhaps threaten the overall success of the program.

      ,   Allocation of personnel, support, and oversight.

                 o   Due to the highly specialized nature of the personnel involved with AATlP, the
                     overt acknowledgement of their participation in the program will lead to an
                     unnecessary security and counterintelligence risk.

                 o   Occasional assistance from specialized individuals within DoD, the scientific
                     community. or academia may be necessary from time to time based on
                     demonstrated subject matter expertise. Adequate protection of their identities or
                     affiliation is critical to avoid unnecessary scrutiny.

                 o   Without the appropriate Restricted SAP protection, the cost associated with a
                     compromise would be significantly higher than the cost associated with a
                     properly administered Restricted SAP.

                 o   Protection of industry partnerships and participation is critical. Public
                     awareness of an industry's AATIP affiliation may discourage that industry's
                     further participation with the U.S. Government in this program.

      •   Application and engineering.

                 o   The nuanced manner in which some of these technologies will be collected,
                     engineered and applied by the U,S. may require senior level government approval.
                     These decision makers must be afforded the necessary time to make strategic
                     decisions by restricting access to the "big picture" or overall intent of the program
                     to those on a strict Bigoted List.

                 o   Associated exotic teclmologies likely involve extremely sophisticated concepts
                     within the world of quantum mechanics, nuclear science, electromagnetic theory.
                     gravitics~ and thermodynamics. Given that all of these have the potential to be
                     use~ with catastrophic effects by adversaries, an unusually high degree of
                     operational security and read-on discretion is required.

          Due to the expertise required to carry out the objectives of this prognun. we wi11 require a
      small, specialized group of DoD personnel, who are dedicated to werforming the SAP-related
      functions and executing programmatic requirements within the program, It is essential that the
      Government & militruy persotmel who are already involved with this program are assigned to
      further support this program in a Restricted SAP capacity (see Attachment 1). These 'individuals
      all currently possess the appropriate security clearances and are already providing unique support
      to AATIP,
    Ultimately, the results of AATIP will not only benefit the U.S. Govenunent but I believe will
directly benefit DoD in ways not yet imagined. The tecMological insight and capability gained will
provide the U.s. with a distinct advantage over any foreign threats and a1low the U,S. to maintain its
preeminence as a world leader.

   Thank you in "dvance from your time and consideration of this request. If
you or your staff have any questions, please contact ,Bob Herbert of my staff at (202) 437-3162.


                                                Sincerely,


                                                United States Senator

HR:rth
                                    Attachment 1

Sponsoring Agency: Undetermined (DEPSECDEF)

Component-level SAP Central Office: Undelennined (DEPSECDEF)

Unclassified Nickname: Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program (AATIP)

Prog... m Length: FY09·FY13 (Preliminary)

Program Funding: FY09·0&M, FYlO-FY13-TBD

SAP Category Designation: Intelligence, DoD Acquisition

FY 10 Preliminary Bigoted List ofConrnmentPersolU121:

   1.    Honorable William Lynn III) Deputy Secretary of Defense (Gov't)
   2.    Honorable Senator Harry Reid of Nevada (Gov't)
   3.    Honorable Senator Daniel Inouye of Hawaii (Gov't)
   4.    Robert T, HerbertlU,S. Senate)
   5.    (b)(3):10 USC 424;(b)(6)
   6.
   7. .,b=="""",~-;;-;o",_---.J
   8,            JQ.Nl (USN)
   9.          b';:; PNI (USMC)
   10.              ( )(6)  USDl (Gov'i)
   II.'-_ _ _ _---'IUSDI (Gov't)

FY 10 Preliminary Bigoted List of Contractor Personnel funded under the AATIP:

                  =,","LB'liigelow Aerospace Advanced Space Studies LLC (BAASS),
                             I
   2. r'--'-' ,---~~I BAASS (CTR)
   3,              BAASS (CTR)


This document ~ontains information exempt from mandatory disclosure under the FOIA.
Exemptions 1 and 5 apply.
