{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T12:38:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1429232, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/2009-letter.pdf", "source_sha256": "1e17064e6780aa985f94d01bcacfc01d1dadceb9fb9890d564e2d75cb5f3759d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 2557, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HARRY REID
NEVADA
MAJORITY LEADER
2nited States Senate
WASHINGTON, DC 20610-7012
June 24, 2009
Honorable William Lynn II
Deputy Secretary of Defense
1010 Defense Pentagon
Washington, DC 20301-1010
Dear Secretary Lynn:
Beginning this past September, the U.S. Senate has mandated that the Defense Intelligence
Agency assess far-term foreign advanced acrospace threats to the United States. The scope of
program interest covers from the present out to forty years and beyond. In order to further our
effort in recognizing emerging disruptive aerospace technologies, technical studies are being
conducted in regard to advanced lift, propulsion, the use of unconventional materials and
controls, signature reduction, weaponry, human interface and human effects.
Since the Advanced Aerospace Threat and Identification Program (AAITP) and study were
first commissioned, much progress has been made with the identification of several highly
sensitive, unconventional aerospace-related findings. Given the current rate of success, the
continued study of these subjects will likely lead to technology advancements that in the
immediate near-term will require extraordinary protection. Due to the sensitivities of the
information surrounding aspects of this program, I require your assistance in establishing a
Restricted Special-Access-Program (SAP) with a Bigoted Access List for specific portions of the
AATIP
In order to support this national effort, a small but highly specialized cadre of Department of
Defense (DoD) and private sector individuals are necessary. These individuals must be
specialized in the areas of advanced sciences, sensors, intelligence/counterintelligence, and
advanced aerospace engineering. Given the likelhood that these technologies will be applied to
future systems involving space flight, weapons, communications, and propulsion, the standard
management and safeguarding procedures for classified information are not sufficient. Even the
use of conventional SAP protocols will not adequately ensure that all aspects of the project are
properly secured. Although not every aspect of AATIP requires Restricted SAP read-on, the
following portions should be maintained at the Restricted SAP level:
The methodology used to identity, acquire, study, and engineer the advanced
technologies associated with AATIP.
Specific methodologies used to study unconventional technology may require
nuanced approaches that will undoubtedly be of significant interest if not a top
priority for adversarial Foreign Intelligence Security Services (FISS).

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2504, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Undue attention by government, or private sector entities, not involved in AATIP
or any international interest will directly or indirectly interfere with the daily
AATIP mission and perhaps threaten the overall success of the program.
• Allocation of personnel, support, and oversight.
• Due to the highly specialized nature of the personnel involved with AATIP, the
overt acknowledgement of their participation in the program will lead to an
unnecessary security and counterintelligence risk.
Occasional assistance from specialized individuals within DoD, the scientific
community, or academia may be necessary from time to time based on
demonstrated subject matter expertise. Adequate protection of their identities or
affiliation is critical to avoid unnecessary scrutiny.
Without the appropriate Restricted SAP protection, the cost associated with a
compromise would be significantly higher than the cost associated with a
properly administered Restricted SAP.
Protection of industry partnerships and participation is critical. Public
awareness of an industry's AATIP affiliation may discourage that industry's
further participation with the U.S. Government in this program.
• Application and engineering.
The nuanced manner in which some of these technologies will be collected,
engineered and applied by the U.S. may require senior level government approval.
These decision makers must be afforded the necessary time to make strategic
decisions by restricting access to the "big picture" or overall intent of the program
to those on a strict Bigoted List.
Associated exotic technologies likely involve extremely sophisticated concepts
within the world of quantum mechanics, nuclear science, electromagnetic theory,
gravitics, and thermodynamics. Given that all of these have the potential to be
used with catastrophic elects by adversares, an unusually high degree of
operational security and read-on discretion is required
Due to the expertise required to carry out the objectives of this program, we will require a
small, specialized group of DoD personnel, who are dedicated to performing the SAP-related
functions and executing programmatic requirements within the program. It is essential that the
Government & military personnel who are already involved with this program are assigned to
further support this program in a Restricted SAP capacity (see Attachment 1). These individuals
all currently possess the appropriate security clearances and are already providing unique support
to AATIP

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 85, "chars": 559, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ultimately, the results of AATIP will not only benefit the U.S. Government but I believe will
directly benefit DoD in ways not yet imagined. The technological insight and capability gained will
provide the U.S. with a distinct advantage over any foreign threats and allow the U.S. to maintain its
preeminence as a world leader.
Thank you in advance from your time and consideration of this request. If
you or your staff have any questions, please contact Bob Herbert of my staff at (202) 437-3162.
Sincerely,
Yarry end
HARRY REIL
United States Senator
HRirth

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 103, "chars": 857, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Attachment 1
Sponsoring Agency: Undetermined (DEPSECDEF)
Component-level SAP Central Office: Undetermined (DEPSECDEF)
Unclassified Nickname: Advanced Acrospace Threat Identification Program (AATIP)
Program Length: FY09-FY13 (Preliminary)
Program Funding: FY09-0&M, FY10-FY13-TBD
SAP Category Designation: Intelligence, DoD Acquisition
FY 10 Preliminary Bigoted List of Government Personnel:
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
Honorable William Lynn III, Deputy Secretary of Defense (Govt)
Honorable Senator Harry Reid of Nevada (Gov't)
Honorable Senator Daniel Inouye of Hawaii (Gov't)
7.
8.
9
10
. Special Agent Luis Elizondo, USDI (Govt)
11.
FY 10 Preliminary Bigoted List of Contractor Personnel funded under the AATIP:
1.
2.
3.
(CTR)
Dr. Hai Puthoff, BAASS (CTR)
This document contains information exempt from mandatory disclosure under the FOIA.
Exemptions 1 and 5 apply.
