{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T19:56:43Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 59, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7952687, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/a13693-3092-2-000-30030606-pdf.pdf", "source_sha256": "dc12593b5e797c7a2cc00e1199ec4032d7b9fc402a601755fa807f32d1c22826"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 552, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DECLASSIFICATION EFFORTS AND RESEARCH OF:
THE BLACK VAULT
THE BLACK VAULT IS THE LARGEST ONLINE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT/ GOVERNMENT
RECORD CLEARING HOUSE IN THE WORLD. THE RESEARCH EFFORTS HERE ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DECLASSIFICATION OF THOUSANDS OF DOCUMENTS THROUGHOUT THE U.S. GOVERNMENT,
AND ALL CAN BE DOWNLOADED BY VISITING:
HTTP://WWW.BLACKVAULT.COM
YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO FORWARD THIS DOCUMENT TO YOUR FRIENDS, BUT
PLEASE KEEP THIS IDENTIFYING IMAGE AT THE TOP OF THE
PDF SO OTHERS CAN DOWNLOAD MORE!

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 60, "chars": 457, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
File No.
3092
+
Part No.
/ 21000
SECRET
JI.B. 19
JID
Linked Files
Boy 213₽
1. LO. ANCIETED
3399P
Referred to
Dato
Follo
Init and Date
-22
As/s
28/4
12h
* m7 40%
2/70 BAD.
ASTI
2% mg
m%
DD(C)
2/2 mo Av
ASTI
M/x
A NUC
% my
H12/2
DSTI
HG SA
m*%
R/5057/49/8. 15A
M1%8
SUBJECT
SCIENTLEIE INTALLIGENCE =
GENERAL -
UNIDENTIELED FLYING OBTECTS:
Referred to
Date
Folio
Init. and Date
RETAIN PERMANENTLY
RDA 1040 CLASS
SA
Refered to
Date
Folio
Part No.
Init and Date

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 138, "chars": 815, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
63
•
Please su TA-B and fut of draft litters t
Dachapton and London
14 leavel 19,8
AD/S
ly 124. She antact is of course one for he RAt
and will yo pleare
NOTE OF ACTION
one neit felo so paral te
30 NOV 67
A/HA GER
057 Пор.
Lay Share your advice and commen
you about out interest kong that the 4S. had taken
he actin speed to.
Male se maintain on mipid apa,
~ Hens full?
28j-70.
DD (0):
9%
D D(c)
Rof. your M.9. I have discused the paper (Loosely enclosed)
with Mr.
Turner and have told him that my viewe on the subject of
uros, from a scientifio intelligence point of view, are as follows:
The present establishment
of DSTI has been
designed to meet the research demands arising
from our studies of defence science in countries
in the Far East and
Bast Asia, and to
abreast of major developments
in defence science

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 182, "chars": 1110, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JIB IM FILE MINUTE SHEET (FRONT
F.
Le I. 0.
ay eue 14.
1. What as you think aband thin?
and signed by
officers over their
position of rank
3 ahu. vo
Ref m.1.
as DARI points out, there reports cover a number / subyects
- including hose in De acronantial fild - and hence world,
9 sugeet, be an appropriate study fee the S.T. 1.S.C. (when
fernaed).
2 doubt whether VI. woulk have the time in facelitis
(certaily not in the carly day /te branch) to devste much
study to these reports, but could perhapo serve as a
cordiator for any investigations respired.
3.
I would eugseat that pAss be acted to hold the
paper he aheady has a to trin the entect farward
again when the STIS.C. is fermed and in sperahon.
3/7/51
RAmalhamo
se.1.0
3
Note .
Gram lim attention ba, that enla bad wor
per been camera. I contact coto Offa (n 400)
and was ena tent te make man be cutted
* STese fa carination the near fenne. d
do cue 1A, fli trees boriso
1 Qu (7
te a
Rf 3A - Wil be pulon agenda of Nixl STISC muking
1 Nou r)
5
sc 1.0.
Rep 4A1 Jan your informalin. Bull you prese
put of drage lalla to Job Rep (W) and TIB Rap (4)
ст.о.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 220, "chars": 1440, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(b)
(c)
Minutes to be
JIB (MO FILE MINUTE SHEET (FRONT)
written neatly in
ink or typewritten
and to be dated
M.10 (conta)
and signed by
in the Soviet bloc.
There is no surplus
officers over their
research capacity within the establishment
position or rank.
that could be diverted to problems such as
the investigation of UFO reports.
I am not convinced that there is a sufficient
scientifie intelligence component in the UPO
problem such as to warrant any diversion of
Australia'a very limited resources for
scientific intelligence research.
It is evidente that there 1s still considerable
controversy
concerning UFOs and this will un-
doubtedly continue until the subject is fully
examined by some competent authority.
examination, however, would require a considerable
effort to collect information on UPO sightings,
investigate reports of such sightings and to examine
11 information in an objective,
I is pr consedaton an to whether the forme
- Defene could (or worla) offra suhan e/al
2ó February 1970
1.11
Your mio. Shave by now read a considerable mount
7 material on this subject. Lam sure that there is
hovener, would sed very
anciderable lisances indeed.
Have considered carefully helen a part of he
1 decide let so cannot be that somenture. Billane
considerble back-up ve vouch be sacking out time
and the Rank have affare camelled and the litte
Кл К.
- were doing.
Lee de obliged f you touch shous this
male to du Luner .
DD(c)

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 17, "chars": 137, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Form No. 81
Introduced May, 1966

/

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENCE

FILE
CLOSED

Subsequent correspondence has been placed on
File No:

6216/66

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 198, "chars": 1339, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SUBJECT:
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENCE
JOINT INIELLIGENCE ORGANIZATION
MINUTE PAPER
/S/
A
REFERENCE:
SCIENTIFIC AND INTELLIGENCE ASPECTS OF THE UFO PROBLEM
DSTI
when you or very.
3092/2
DERBEROR: f4/6
ht 4/6
(Through DSPI)
aste you honesend the attrehments.
Surred eke to discos Mis malar
with you, plane Rom T
The two documents attached are intended to focus
on aspects of the UFO problem that have tended to remain
hidden.
The report dealing with the US attitude has been
compiled from official reports and statements made by the
CIA, US Air Force, Congressional Hearings and Project Blue
Book recorda.
The second document deals with evidence for
weapon systems used by UPO's.
This evidence has been culled
from computerised records collected by Dr Vallee in
collaboration with Dr Hynek at North-Western University and
represents only a fraction of world-wide reports dealing
same weapon systems.
Australia has had its share
of this
kind of reporting.
Intelligence aspects include assessment of zeal
false reporting, capabilities of propulsion
methods and
possible weapons used, motivation of operations (harmful oz
defensive, offensive, scientific eto.) for both short-
term and long-term and whether theze are more effective ways
to detect these operations or defend them if necessary•
27th May 1971-
0.1l Jum
(O.H. TURNER)
Hd. Nuclear Branch

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 325, "chars": 2223, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May
'77
SUMMARY
The carly analyses of UFO reports by USAF intelligence
indicated that real phenomena were being reported which had flight
characteristics so far in advance of U.S. aircraft that only an
extra-terrestial origin could be envisaged. A government agency;
which later events indicated to be the CIA Office of Scientific
Intelligence (OSI), studied the UFO reports with the intention of
determining the UFO propulsion methods. At that time, 0SI was
responsible for intelligence on foreign research and development
in nuclear and missile matters.
2.
The CIA became alarmed at the overloading of military
communications during the mass sightings of 1952 and considered
the possibility that the USSR may take advantage of such a situation.
As a result, OSI scting through the Robertson-panel meeting of
mid-January 1953, persuaded the USAP to use Project BLUE BOOK as a
means of publicly "debunking" UFO's, and at a later stage to allocate
funds for the Avro advanced "saucer" aircraft and the launching of a
crash programme into anti-gravity power. To initiate such programnes
decades ahead of normal scientific development would indicate that
the U.S. Government acknowledged the existence of advanced "aircraft"
which presumably used a gravity-control method of propulsion. An
additional motivation could have been the fear that the USSR would
achieve this goal before the U.S.
3.
By erecting a facade of ridicule, the U.S. hoped to allay
public alarm, reduce the possibility of the Soviet taking advantage
of UFO mass sightings for either psychological or actual warfare
purposes, and act as a cover for the real U.S. programme of developing
vehicles that emulate UFO performances. The RAAF together with many
other countries of the world give credence only to the USAF public
facade and appear to have uncritically accepted the associated
information. This information has been widely discredited by retiring
U.S. service
personnel formerly engaged on UPO investigations, as
well as by scientists and private citizens.
4.
The conclusions of the Condon report conflict with its own
contents and has been discredited by many reputable scientists
including the UFO scientific consultant to the USAF. In accordance

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 111, "chars": 757, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
with the recommendations of the Condon report, Project BLUE BOOK
was terminated, but presumably this would have little effect on
the main progranime.
5.
It would appear wrong for Australia to remain ignorant ci
the true situation. We lack an intelligence viewpoint thut can
assess the nature and possible consequences of the problem, a
scientific viewpoint that could derive scientifically valid data
from the reports and a public relations viewpoint that can honestly
satisfy public interest. To overcome these deficiencies in the
Australian investigation of UFO's, it would seem that a strong case
exists for the acceptance of the RAAF suggestion that another
government department assume responsibility for the investigation
and analysis of UFO reports.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 374, "chars": 2495, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S. OFFICIAL ATTITUDE TO U.F.0's
In June of 1947 the Air Technical Intelligence Centre
(ATIC) near Dayton, Ohio, assumed a responsibility to investigate
the initial roports of 'flying saucers'. Within a month it was
considered that the phenomena were real and probably of Soviet
origin. By the end of the year, when ATIC was officially authorised
to investigate under the project code nane of SIGN and with a high
priority, most of the investigators wero focussing on an inter-
planetary racher than a Soviet origin. These opinions were
crystallized into a written estimate that was sent to the Pentagon
in September 1948. When the interplanetary conclusions were rejecied
on the grounds of insufficient hard evidence, a reaction set in at
ATIC against trying to unravel the UFO problem.
2.
In Februery 1949, ATIC personnel on Project SIGN were
replaced with new personnel to form Project GRUDGE. A definite
attempt was made during 1949 to use Project GRUDGE to destroy any
acceptance of UFO's. The notives for this are not clear: possibly
Air Force embarrassment at being incapoble of controlling the
situation and/or a fear of national panic prompted USAF to try and
remove the problem by denying its existence. Another possible
motive may have been to provide a breathing space for another
"investigative agency" to reach some conclusion; the agency had been
assisting ATIC through 1948 and, contrary to official USAF policy,
was maintaining a high level of interest during 1949. This governmental
agency was not the FBI, and had recket, nucleaz and intelligence
experts; their purpose was to study UFO reports in an effort to gather
design data on interplanetary spaceships. In the light of later
developments, this agency was almost certainly the CIA.
3.
Project GRUDGE failed to eliminate the UFO problem. UFO
reports in 1949 actually exceeded the number in 1948, and several
people who had gained access to earlier official reports were able
to contradict the USAF. Journalists generally felt that GRUDGE
reporting represented a cover to a more serious knowledge. Eventually,
USAF intelligence decided that a fresh approach to the problem was
necessary. Between September 1951 and the establishment of Project
BLUE BOOK in March 1952, UFO investigation regained adequate financial
and administrative support to once again analyse the collected data.
Project BLUE BOOK was able to process the data fróm 3,200 reports into
a form suitable for their consultants to be able to use IBM card-

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 2424, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
.2.
48
sorting machines.
4.
The summer of 1952 saw a more than twenty-fold rise in
the normal rate of reporting and included the two extensive July
sightings invelving Washington D.C. This marked increase in sightings
had diverse effects. A component of USAF intelligence considered
that UFO's were interplanetary spaceships which were about to make
closer contact. To prepare the public for this possibility, 41
previously classified reports were released for publication between
August 1952 end February 1953. These reports contradicted the
earlier official USAF policy of dismissing the reports as mis-
identifications etc. On the other hand, the CIA regarded the summer
UFO activity as a threat to national security mainly because the
resulting crowded communications and defence forces involvement
lessened the level of national alertness against possible enemy attack.
A scientific panel chaired by H.P. Robertson was convened by
the Office of Scientific Intelligence of CIA during mid-January 1953
for the purpose of recommending future action on the UFO problem.
Briefings were nade both by CIA and USAP. ATIC personnel showed tae
then classified two movie films of UFO's and the early results of
statistical analysis of 3,200 reports. Because of the vital issues
involved, the panel felt restricted to recommending that the
investigation be continued, but with increased personnel and equipment.
The USAF responded promptly with an instruction to comply with these
recommendations.
6.
The CIA, however, in a report dated 16 February 1953 showed
a preference to publicly abandon the investigation whilst intensifying
the collection of data. By September 1953 the CIA position had been
largely achieved with Project BLUE BOOK reduced from a staff of ten
qualified personnel operating at a top secret level to a virtually
inactive project involving one airman. The investigating component
had been transferred to the 4602nd Air Interligence Service Squadron
which was trained in rapid intelligence procurement and reported to
Air Defence Command and USAF Intelligence Washington rather than
BLUE BOOK. Direct access between the 4602nd AISS and all USAP units
was authorized by AFR 200-2 whereas previously this privilege had
been given to BLUE BOOK. Although only the airman (first-class)
remained in September 1943, BLUE BOOK was later built up to one
officer, one sergeant, one secretary, and a part-time consultant

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 357, "chars": 2396, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
_3.
Dr J. Allen Hynek, staying at about this level until it was closed
down in December 1969. During this time BLUE BOOK served mainly
as a means of supplying unclassified summaries of UFO identifications
to the public, and did not form a vitai link in collection or
serious analysis.
7.
Control of public awareness of the UFO situation was
tightened by the issuing of JANAP 146 in 1953 which prohibited
service personnel from discussing UFO's by threatening defaulters
with up to 10 years gaol and up to a $10,000 fine. When service
personnel resigned or retired, however, it was possible to reveal
USAF attitudes o" opinions even if actual data was still restricted.
In this way many Intelligence Officers associated with the UFO problem,
including Major D. Fournet who was BLUE BOOK Project Officer at the
Pentagon until late 1952, Captain E. Ruppelt who headed Project
GRUDGE and Project BLUE BOOK until September 1953 and Admiral
Hillenkoetter who directed CIA from its inception until October 1950,
on retiring from the services, all publicly stated that the U.S.
Government knew UFO's were extra-terrestial but was withholding
this fact from the public.
8.
When the National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena
(NICAP) was formed in 1956 to counter the publicly suppressed USAP
investigation of UFO's, the first Chairman was Admiral D.S. Fahrney
who had directed the Navy's guided missile programme from its
inception. Apart from Admiral Hillenkoetter, Major Keyhoe and
Major Fournet, other Directors have included Rear Admiral H.B. Knowles,
General A. Wedemeyer and Col J.J. Bryan (who was a special assistant
to the Secretary of the Air Force). To reduce the effect of these
and similar defections from official policy after retirement, the
revised JANAP 146E, passed in 1960, made it an offence under the
Espionage Act if data on UFO's were revealed.
9.
The change in style of USAF reporting before and after the
Robertson panel meeting is clearly indicated in the Project BLUE BOOK
Special Report No. 14. The body of the report prepared between
March 1952 and early 1953, although biased in favour of a natural
explanation for UFO's, nevertheless showed mathematically that the
evidence favoured an explanation that was scientifically unknown.
This
section of the 316 page report was not released to the public
other than as a copy to be consulted, assuming the reader knew of

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 251, "chars": 1911, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4.
its existence. Public distribution was made, however, of a so-
called "summary" which in fact did not summarise, nor scarcely
allude to the 1947-52 data, but concentrated on 1953-55 reporting
which was cleurly designed to reduce the residual unknowns to an
insignificant number, no matter how senseless the identification
became.
10. Within the body of the difficult-to-obtain report there
is an interesting diagram. The product of the estimated observer
reliability and the report reliability became the sighting
reliability. The percentage of reports that had to be registered
as "unknown" (i.e. incapable of being even approximately identified
as a known object) increased as the sighting reliability improved.
Conversely, the percentage listed as "insufficient information"
decreased with improving reliability.
Sighting
Reliability
No. of
Reports
Unknown
(%)
Poor
Doubtful
Good
Excellent
435
794
757
213
16.6
13.0
24.8
33.3
Insufficient
Information
(%)
21.4
14.0
3.6
4.2
11.
Throughout the years of the UFO phenomenon, there has been
a persistent form of official pronouncements which state that the
percentage of unknowns would be reduced if more data were available.
The above table contradicts that statement. Reports of excellent
reliability generally stem from astronomers, pilots, scientists,
surveyors, meteorologists, radar operators etc. complete with
instrumented values and accurately detailed accounts. The
introduction of good reliable reporting prevents the ready prosaic
interpretation. In all probability the overall average percentage
of unknowns (19.7%) would have been substantially increased if the
data had been more reliable.
12.
Project BLUE BOOK consultants statistically tested the
unknown object population to determine the likelihood that it was
similar to the population of identified objects and found that the
probability was less than one in 1028 (i.e. using
the American

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 343, "chars": 2421, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5.
system, the odds were ten thousand trillion trillion to one
against the unknowns being the same as the knowns). Since the
consultants had arbitrarily called all green fireballs and short
duration (i.e. less than five seconds) night-time sightings as
known astronomical objects there was an undue preponderance in
that categozy. Hence, assuming that no astronomical objects were
left in the unknowns, the statistical tests were repeated with
astronomical identifications removed. Ine odds were reduced to =..
ten trillion irillion to one. The analysts could not find a way
to reduce those odds sufficiently further to warrant additional
testing, and irrationally considered the results to be "inconclusive".
13.
While PROJECT BLUE BOOK endeavoured to reduce the official
number of unkrowns - in 1957 they claimed only 14 out of 1,006
sightings remained unidentified - the covert programme expanded
considerably. The government agency (almost certainly CIA) that
had been collecting data on UFO performance and propulsion methods
during 1948-52 presumably influenced U.S. governmental funding of
certain advanced projects. One project was the Canadian Avro saucer.
A drawing of this saucer released in Uctober 1955, showed a typical
flying disc as described in many UFO reports. The Secretary of the
Air Force, D.A. Quarles, appeared moderately confident that such
a vehicle would be successfully developed by the U.S.
14.
A more astounding decision on the part of the U.S. Government
was to allocate considerable funds to investigate gravity and a
means of controiling gravity. Despite the fact that science had
not attained a level of competence to deal with either gravity or
anti-gravity problems and the only theory that might be applicable
was Einstein's Unified Field Theory which was still incomplete at the
time of his death, the U.S. chose to support six universities and
government agencies in an all-out drive to conquer the problem.
It is significant that at this time the current theories on UFO
propulsion were a mixture of gravity control and electro-magnetic
propulsion.
15. During 1955, because insufficient staff could be recruited
for the project, recourse was made to an urgent appeal for theoretical
physicists and mathematicians from AERE Harvell, U.K. The six
Gravity Research Centres being established were at the Institute for
Advanced Study (Princeton, N.J.), Princeton University, University

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2376, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6.
of Indiana, Purdue University Research Foundation, University of
North Carolina and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
through the (Roger Babson) Gravity Research Institute (New Boston
N.H.). The latter institute is a non-profit organization founded
in 1949 with George M. Rideout as President. It was believed that
to make a gravity motor, a gravity diffcrential was required which
necessitated the discovery of an insulator, deflector or absorber
of gravity. By 1955, 485 essays had been written on this subject
and awards totalling $10,800 made for criginal contributions.
16. The scientists involved included Teller from University
of California, Cppenheimer and F.J. Dyson of the Institute of
Advanced Studies, J.A. Wheeler and Richard Arnowitt of Princeton,
Vaclay Hlavaty of University of Indiana (who had worked with
Einstein in Prague) and Stanley Deser. The objective was to control
gravity. During 1955 the following firms entered into gravity
and/or electromagnetic programmes: Glenn I. Martin Aviation Co.
(specifically Dr B. Heirn from Goettingen University and Dr P.
Jordan from Hamburg University), Convair of San Diego, Bell Aircraft
of Buffalo, Sikorsky Division, Lear Inc. of Santa Monica, Clarke
Electronics of Palm Springs, California, and Sperry Gyroscope
Division of Great Neck, Long Island, N.I.
17.
Such an intensive onslaught on the gravity enigma was
entirely irrational from the standpoint of conventional science,
and can only be rationalized within the context of a firm belief
that UFO's were real and that the intelligences behind them knew
how to control gravity. The drive to harness this power before
the USSR could do so would be a strong incentive for the U.S.
Government to fully support an anti-gravity programme. By 1966,
46 separate projects of this nature were being financially supported,
33 of which were under the supervision of the U.S. Air Force.
Although details of most of these projects have been kept classified
it would appear that generally they have not been successful. Work
on gravitational waves by J. Weber and his associates under USAF
Cambridge Research Laboratory jurisdiction has been reported
fairly extensively since 1966.
18.
During August of 1965 Project BLUE BOOK received 262
reports which was about six times the average number for a month
and was twice any previous month since November 1957. On

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 370, "chars": 2503, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7.
28 September 1965 Maj. Gen. LeBailly, Director of Information,
formally requested the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board to
review Project BLUE BOOK. The review suggested that the limited
Project BLUE BOJK staff and the official investigating officers
did not possess the technical competence to properly identify the
phenomena and that university teams should be appointed to
investigate selected sightings. This conclusion was supported by
the House Armed Services Committee which met on April 5th 1966
in the shadow of a public furore consequent to the USAF identifying
the well-publicised Michigan sightings as being swamp gas.
The
Colarado University was selected for the task and Dr Edward U. Condon
appointed to lead the project with an initial allocation of $313,000
later raised to $525,000.
19.
The Colorado project became discredited when Dr Condon
stated publicly on 25th January 1967 that "my attitude right now
is that there's nothing to it, but I'm not supposed to reach
a
conclusion for another year". The reveling of a memorandum
outlining a method to trick the public, combined with a general
dissatisfaction at Condon's biassed aititude, led to the dismissal
and resignation of most of the staff sfter most of the investigations
had been made but not completely written up. The final report of 965
pages lacked coherence. Condon's conclusions were at variance with
individual staff conclusions, although only Condon's conclusions were
publicised. As a result of the Condon report, USAF closed down
Project BLUE BOOK shortly before the American Association for the
Advancement of Science held a special meeting to counter-act the
effect of the Condon report. The Chairman of the Special Committee,
Dr Thornton Page, was one of the signatories to the Robertson report.
20.
Dr J. Allen Hynek, scientific consultant to Project Blue
Book 1948-69, began his association with a conviction that all
sightings could be conventionally explained. Even though doubts
grew in his mind, he found himself obliged to support official USAF
public policy. Since 1966, however, he has become more outspoken
against the USAF attitude and has assisted to convene both
congressional hearings and scientific symposia on the subject.
Although initially supporting the Condon Committee he became
disillusioned and critical of it with the passago of time. It is
quite clear that Dr Hynek along with many other reputable scientists
do not accept the USAF explanation of misidentification, hysteria or
hoax.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2385, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8.
RAAF ATTITUDE TO UFO'S
The Directorate of Air Force Intelligence is the component
of the RAAF that is responsible for the analysis of all official
reporting of Unidentified Flying Objects. At no stage has there
been more than one part-time officer allocated to this task.
Initial investigation of reports is often undertaken by a part-time
investigator from near-by air bases. The RAAF admits that its
interests lie solely in the area of air defence and it lacks both
interest and competence to consider the scientific aspects. A
1957 request for the Scientific Intelligence section of JIB io accept
UFO responsibility was rejected by JIB. In 1968, the Department of
Air stated that it intended "to take up further the question of
Commonwealth departments, e.g. Defence, Supply, Education and
Science, Prime Minister's Department etc. to see whether some other
Commonwealth Agency is better placed to assume responsibility for
Unidentified Flying Objects. At the same time we would maintain
our interest in the matter and work with any other Commonwealth
agency who is considered to be more appropriate as a co-ordinating
agency for the Commonwealth as a whole". There does not arpear to
have been any fulfillment of this intention to seek Commonwealth
assistance.
In support of the RAAP's admission of scientific disinterest,
an identification list of all sightings made between 1960 and 1965
contains 15 identifications of Venus, not one of which is valid.
In every case Venus was in a totally different part of the sky or not even
above the horizon. Out of 37 meteor identifications, only 9 coula
possibly be meteors and even several of those cases would be doubtful.
This off-hand unscientific attitude to identification did not escape
the notice of the press or various scientists.
3.
In general, the RAAF attitude has been guided by the USAF
public releases which were aimed at allaying public interest by
denying the reality of UFO's. Consequently, most of the Australian
reports were given identifications without a great concern for
rational correlation. Most investigators and collectors regarded
their UFO tasks as an intrusion into their more legitimate tasks.
As a result, there has been a negligible scientific analysis of the
data and most opinions expressed by DAFI have been, largely a reflection
of the USAF public attitude. With the present reduced staff of DAFI

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 91, "chars": 589, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9.
it is unlikely that UFO reports will receive any treatment beyond
filing•
1.cr
4.
If Australia is to follow the U.S. Lead,, instead of
following the public USAF attitude, it would be preferable to
follow the USAF/CIA role of concentrating on gaining a knowledge
of the power sources involved. However, it may be preferable to
act independently of the U.S. and initiate a programme that is
scientifically sound and intellectually honest towards unravelling
the UFO mystery. In such a venture, it may be worthwhile working
somewhat closer to the public than is usual in the U.S. and U.K.

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 365, "chars": 2562, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
APPENDIX "A"
CHRONOLGY OF U.S. INVESTIGATION INTO_U.F.O. PHENOMENA
Date
24.6.47
6.47
26.7.47
23.9.47
30.12.47
15.1.48
22.1.48
24.7.48
9.48
13.12.48
1.49
2.49
Event
Arnold sighting of nine "saucers" creates public interest.
Investigations initiated by Air Technical Intelligence
Centre (AlIC) of Air Material Command (AMC, Army Air Forces)
at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton, Ohin.
Initially Soviet advanced aircraft were suspected.
National Security Act creates both the USAF and CIA.
Lt Gen. Twining (AMC) requested the Commander Army Air Forces
to issue an authority, priority and code name for the
investigation of "flying dises", Preliminary conclusions
by AMC were that the phenomena ware "real and not visionary
or fictitious", that the objects were mostly disc-shaped
about the size of man-made aircraft and were intelligently
controlled. Any U.S. attempt to design aircraft of similar
performance would be costly, time-consuming and detrimertal
to other projects.
Investigations by AMC would continue
pending further advice.
Authority given to AMC to investigate the phenomena on a
priority 2A basis under the code-name Project Sign.
Minimum classification was Restricted, reports were to be
made quarterly and data exchanged with interested parties.
USAF officially a separate service.
Project Sign starts officially.
Near-collision betweer DC3 and UFO prompt ATIC to write
an Estimate of the Situation.
The Top Secret Estimate was forwarded to the Pentagon. The
conclusion that UFO's were of interplanetary origin was not
acceptable to the Air Force Chief of Staff (General Vandenberg)
who insisted on demonstrable proof not circumstantial
evidence. ATIC was unable to provide UFO hardware or
detailed photographs.
Dr J.E. Lipp of the Rand Corporation replied to the Director
or Research and Development, USAF, that if the flying objects
were inter-planetary they would most likely originate from
Mars although intelligent life as we know it would "be more
occupied with survival than we are on Earth".
Our present
technology cannot conceive as to how an
inter-stellar race
could reach Earth, even though it is conceded that there is
a high probability that intelligent life does exist within
say 16 light-years from Earth.
USAF orders Project Sign to become Project Grudge which
should terminate before the end of 1949.
Final report of Project Sign (TR-2274-IA of the Technical
Intelligerce Division AMC) recommended that orly a
minimum effort be devoted to recording, analyzing and
evaluating reports, but on the other hand where factual

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2775, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2.
11.2.49
8.49
27.12.49
3.50
14.9.51
27.10.51
3.52
29.4.52
evidence such as photographs, radar, physical evidence
and data on size and shape is involved, every effort
should be made to collect this evidence. Radio alerts to
other nilitary units should be made.
Project Sign officially becomes Project Grudge. According
Sign personnel either volunteered to leave or
were compelled to leave, after which they were replaced by
personnel willing to ridicule the concept of UFO'S. muring
1949, Grudge personnel did not follow up reports.
Secret Technical Report No. 102 AC 49/15-100 "Unidertified
Flying Objects - Project Grudge"of about 600 pages iscued,
with the cenclusion that all reports were the result of
misidentifications, mass hysteria and hoaxes even though
they admit to 23% of the reports as beirg
"unknown"
The
report was declassified 1 August 1952.
Department of Defense news relese stated that the Air Force's
flying saucer project had been terminated.
Publication of a report, previously cleared by the U.S.
Army, describing the tracking of a UFO by an official team
led by Commander Melaughlin at the White Sands (missile)
proving ground. From the tracking data, it was concluded
that the UFO required an extraterrestial origin.
On learning that ATIC was not investigating UFO reports,
the USAF Director of Intelligence (General Cabell) ordered
Project Grudge to be revitalized. This was acted upon at once.
Project Grudge now headed by Capt. Ruppelt.
Project Grudge renamed Project Blue Book.
By this stage the
staff had built up to 10, all with Top Secret clearances. and
a highly qualified research group of consultants provided
expertise. As part of Project Stork, this research group
(RAND is a possibility) started to transcribe data onto
IBM cards for future analysis.
Air Force Letter 200-5 ordered all USAF units to wire UFO
reports direct to ATIC with a copy to the Pentagon. Project
Blue Book was permitted to contact any UZAF unit directly,
June-Aug.52 During 1948-51 the average monthly number of reports was 15
but during June, July and August of 1952, the average was
337 including 536 during July.
The UPOis were not only seen
in greater numbers, but there was a greater number of reliabie
witnesses.
Several sensitive Atomic Energy Commission plants
and defence units were subjected to close approaches.
Defence communications were being overloaded and there were
fears that U.S. reaction time against enemy action was being
hindered.
19/26.7.52
Iwo series of radar-visual sightings over Washington National
airport, the Capitol and White House electrified the nation.
As a result of the upsurge of interest in scientific and
military circles, the interplanetary hypothesis gained ground
despite official efforts to explain away the sightings.

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 3164, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 3.
21.8.52
21.11.52
14/17.1.53
16.2.53
• 53
26.8.53
USAF started releasing ATIC reports to the UFO author,
Major Keyhoe, for pubiication.
This was a completely
unexpected change of policy.
The contents of these reports
refuted the public pronouncements made by the USAF.
addition a USAF spokesman agreed that the attempt to
explain the Washington sightings as due to anomalous
propagation could not be upheld.
CIA arranged four government scientists to meei at ATIC
for three days as a preliminary review panel to decide on
recommendations for a higher-level panel of six scientists.
The Office of Scientific Intelligence, CIA, convened in
fashington D.C., a panel of six scientists, Drs H.P.
Robertson (Chairman), Luis Alvarez, Lloyd Berkner, Samuel
A. Goudsmit, Thornton Page and one other. After
days of evidence, a two-page secret report that was
prepared on the fourth day, concluded that there was no
direci threat to national security but that there was an
indirect threat to "the orderly functioning of the protective
organs of the body politic".
It was recommended that
national security agencies
should "strip the UPO's of the
special status they have been given" and to educate the
public accordingly.
CIA issued a larger but still secret report on the meeting,
summarising the eight half-day sessions and outlining panel
members! individual viewpoints.
The lack of artifacts of
clear extra-terrestial origin was a strong argument against
acceptance of the extra-terrestial hypothesis.
The panel
agreed with CIA concern that enemy artifacts may be
misidentified by U.S. defence personnel, that emergency
reporting channels be overloaded and that the public may
become vulnerable to enemy psychological warfare.
The public
should be educated to recognise balloons, meteors etc. and
a policy of "debunking"
should be introduced in order
to
reduce public interest.
This "training and debunking"
programme would be required for "a minimum of one and one
half to two years".
"Some expansion of the ATIC effort
would certainly be required to support such a programme".
A professional staff of 12 supported by an administrative
staff was
suggested.
•
Section III, Title 18 of the Joint Army, Navy and Air Force
Publication
(JANAP 146) legislated that
service. personnel
talking about UFO sightings were liable to l-10 years gaol
and/or a fine of up to s10,000.
Air Force Regulation (AFR 200-2) remores investigation
authority from Project Blue Book in favour of the Air
Defence Command's 4602 Air Intelligence Service Squadron,
a unit dispersed over area commands, and trained both for
rapid access to remote areas and to
interrogate enemy
personnel.
The Air Force requires immediate reporting to
evaluate the threat, and detailed reporting to assist
technical analysis.
All written reports are to be sent
to USAF Intelligence in Washington, mainland reports first
going to Air Defense Command for distribution to "interested
investigative agencies".
Electrical reports are addressed
to both these headquarters and to ATIC.
The public is to
be informed of the results of individual cases only when
"the object is positively identified as a familiar object",

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 382, "chars": 2664, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4.
9.53
1.12.53
17.2.54
15.5.54
10.6.54
2.2.55
23.8.55
25.10.55
Headquarters USAF will release summaries of evaluated
data to the public.
When the head of Project Blue Book departed,
the staff wes
reducod to just one airman (first-class). All
instramentation plans had been negated except for
diffraction cameras which had been shown to be useless.
The distribution of 275 diffraction-grating caneras
(200 to U.S. bases and 75 to overseas bases) was completed.
Airline pilots at a meeting at the Roosevelt Hotel,
Hollywood were coerced by military intelligence using
JANAP 146 to agree to not informing the public of their
sightings, and confine their reporting to official channels.
USAt Chief of Staff, General Nathan Iwining, stated "The
best brains in the Air Force are working on this proolen
of Unidentified Flying Objects, trying to solve this
riddle".
General Twining, was not referring to Project
Blue Book.
Deputy Conmandar of Intelligence at ATIC, Colonel O'Mara,
stater that
more than a thousand people were working on
the problem.
William P. Lear, Chairman of Lear Inc., Santa Monica stated
that because of
flying saucers, serious efforts were being
made in the U.S. to prove the existence of anti-gravitational
forces.
Revealed that the U.S. Government had taken over the
Canadian Avro 'flying saucer' project. This was a circular
to take-off and land
vertically, hover, travel at 1500 mph and change direction
rapidly.
The design specifications for performance and
shape were clearly directly related to UFO reporting.
The
project was started in 1951-52 and in 1954 after $400,0CC
had been spent, the Canadian Government withdrew its
financial backing.
When the U.S. assumed control over the
project it imposed a high level of security, preventing
ever Canadian officials from inspecting the
premises.
At
the press release meeting on 25 October 1955 icr the
Special
Report No. 14, photographs of a drawing of the proposed
version showed a typical flying disc.
Release of Project Blue Book Special Report No. 14 dated
5 May 1955.
Blue Book research consultants who analysed 3,200 reports
out of 4,000 received by the end of 1952.
vere used to brief the Robertson panel in Jan. 1953. To
this basic 316 page report, a 3 page so-called "summary"
has been added dealing mainly with the 1953-55 period and
dismissing UFO's as mainly misidentifications. The more
unconfortable conclusions of the main report were concealed.
Only 100 copies of the main report were distributed or a
restricted non-public basis (the only Australian copy was
destroyed by the RAAF in 1959) whereas copies of the
misleading "summary" were freely available to press and
public.

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 305, "chars": 2281, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5.
14.58
24.12.59
26
First sanitized version of Robertson (short) report released.
Inspector-General of Air Force circulates classified
"UFO's Serious Business" in an effort to stimulate and
improve the reporting of UFO's. Investigating officers
are to be equipped with geiger counters as well as a canera,
binoculars and sampling containers.
• 60
JANAP 146E invokes espionage laws to prevent the revealing
of UFO data.
28.9.65
Following the August peak of UFO activity, the USAF Office
of Information requests a review of Project Blue Book
3.2.66
USAF Scientific Advisory Board Ad Hoc Committee reviewed
Project Blue Book.
Although the Committee considered nost
unidentifieds were due to inadequate analysis, they also
accused Blue Book of identifying objects
"when the evidence
collected was too meagre or too indefinite".
It was
recommended that University contracts be made and that more
scientifically trained investigators be used.
5.4.66
U.S. Congress House Committee on Armed Services recommends
that Project Blue Book reports be investigated by University
contract.
6.6.66
Dr Mc Donald reads Robertson (complete) report which had been
declassified under 12 year rule.
20.6.66
19.9.66
Robertson report reclassified. Second sanitized version
issned.
AFR 80-17 replaces AFR 200-2 and transfers responsibility
from Intelligence to Research and Development.
Para 12(b)
states "Air Force echelons receiving suspected or actual
UFO material will safeguard it to prevent ony defacing or
alterations which might reduce its value for intelligence
examination and analysis".
6.10.66
29.7.68
Contract signed with Colorado University.
U.S. Congress House Committee on Science and Astronautics
held a one-day symposium on UFO's at which many prominent
scientists testified in favour of UFO's being real and
requiring international investigation.
8.1.69
Condon report published. Condon's conclusions were not
supported by the staff conclusions.
• 69
J. Allen Hynek's contract as Scientific Consultant on UFO!s
to the USAF Project Blue Book was not renewed (after 21 years)
17.12.69
Project Blue Book closed down.
26/31.12.69 The American Association for the Advancement of Science
met at Boston to discuss UFO's.
One outcome was a resolution
appealing for Blue Book data to be released.

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 285, "chars": 1900, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
APPENDIX "B"
CHRONOLOGY OF RAAF INVOLVEMENT WITH UPO's
Date
17.1.51
18.5.53
20.7.53
20.11.53
15.3.55
2.11.55
4.11.55
1.4.57
4.66
3.6.68
15.1.70
Event
First pro-forma for UFO sightings issued.
It Col George A. Uhrich, USAF Assistant Air Attache
of the U.S. Embassy approached D/DAFI with a request
for UFO reports to be sent to the U.S.
Lt Col Uhrich stated that the U.S. is very interested
in UFO reports from all over the world - (despite the
official U.S. viewpoint that UFO's are the result of
misidentifications, hysteria or hoaxes). Sighting
details were requested to be signalled with photos,
drawings etc. to follow by mail. As a result, the
RAAF produced a new pro-forma.
in a reply to a question in the House of Representatives.
the Minister for Air stated that "the RAAF makes detailed
investigations of every such report it received".
Deputy Chief of Air Staff would not permit the appoint-
ment of a full-time investigetor of UFO sightings.
Minute from A/DAFI to D. Ops stating that the RAAF was
no: undertaking detailed irvestigations as had been
indicated by the Minister in November 1953, and that
some form of investigation should be made.
On receiving Special Project Report No. 14 and its Summary
from the U.S., A/DAFI stated that "the general tone is
that the USAF consider "Flving Saucers" do not exist'
The Special Report was later destroyed.
DAFI formally requested JIB to accept the UFO commitmont
as the newly formed Scientific Intelligence section would
be more capable "than anyone in this Directorate".
RAAF publish a list of identifications of all UFO sightings
from 1960 to 1965.
Letter from A Sec A to Minister for Air stated that the
primary interest in UFO's was with Air Defence and the
RAAF has not been concerned with the scientific nature
of such sightings.
In view of the termination of Project BLUE BOOK, DAFI
considered that the RAAF might reduce their effort.

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1824, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ja-. 1970
INTRODUCTIO!
The following data have been extracted from a list of
1000
reporta of landings or near landings compiled by Jacques
Vallée, a physicist engaged in computer zosearch and working
with Profesaor Inel, the USAF consultant on UTO's, at North
Western University, Illinois.
The information suggests the existence of three "weapon
systens" -
(1)
a device to interfere with electrical
circuits
(2) a device to induce paralysis
(3) a heat ray.
There is circumstantial evidence that these weapons are
at times used deliberately, although mostly in a defensive role.
A number of zeports allege that a lone car at night has been
folloved, and after being stopped by a beam, some kind of inter-
action has developed between the car occupants and landed craft
occupants.
Information is included which deals with residual effects
on the environment of the landed craft.
It is these residual
effects which offer the greatest potential rovard to scientific
Case No.
102
132
207
232
234
257
STALLED ENGINES
Descristion
After engine stall, strong light vigible in woods with
Body pricklings when approaching
light, had to stop, lost balance sevoral times, saw 101
humanoid at 10 yards. Later aphere of light rose,
pendulum swing, luminous trail.
Car could not be started until a 45' diam. disc with
dome and rotating lights had left the ground. lange,
brown circular spot left on graos.
Red and blue cigar directed an intense blue light at
truckdriver. Engine and headlights died.
Engine and headlights of mill-truck died.
Driver sees
light above him.
After light crossod road, headlights
came on and truck could be re-started.
Electric shock as car headlights died.
Thick cylindrical
craft 50 yards avay. 3 dwarfa. Both witnesses pazalysed
until craft left.
Red fizeball flew low over car an engine and headlights
died.

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 313, "chars": 2038, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Case No.
259
260
273
274
294
299
300
306
312
314
317
323
333
341
393
399
Descriation
"Upside-down plate" seen at same time as motocycle
stalled.
Object flev over car as headlights died.
Truck engine slowed down and driver felt paralysed, brovn
object 33' long, 8' high in field near road.
One of four objects about 10001 up, fell in dead-leaf
motion 3001 away, witness feels eloctricchock as engine
and car lights die. Car stopped as object touched ground.
Paralysed.
Iwarf.
Headlights came on by themselves and
then craft took off.
Road ahead blocked by an inverted cone & . Engine died.
Paralysed.
Large ball of fire flew near car, violent air diaplacement,
battery dead, headlights burnt out.
Man and child felt painful pricklings like electric shocke
increasing as car went on. Suddenly engine died and lights
went off.
Blinding strong red light from object hovering
above road. All normal when it vent.
386
shaped object took off from side of road as motor
scooter engine died.
Orange craft, 201 diam. flew over as tractor engine died,
lights out, battery dead.
Ivo witnesses feel electric shock as bright object flies
over low: engine and lights go off,
Motor cycle failed near elongated object in pasture.
Lights of a tractor go out as 201 oval object leaves the
ground.
Enitted light bright as welder's torch, sound of
swarn of bees.
blue disc came close to motorcycle, and electrical systen
failed. Jitness felt pricklingo in his hands despite
gloves, and was unable to move or speak for few minutes.
When blue light turned off, able to start again.
Italy.
Bean of red light awept countryside for about an
hour,
illuminated two tractors, petrol one stalled, diesel
continued.
As notocycle suddenly failed, rider sees 65' disc descend
with soundof air escaping fron a valve. A lift descended
from base almost to ground containing nan who invited
rider inside.
501 diam. black bell chased by civilian in car. Engine
stalled when 10'aray.
Undernesth looked like dise with
fins.
Sounded like helicopter. Car battery complotoly
dead.

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 322, "chars": 2104, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 3 -
Саве No.
410
413
414
417
418
0.S.
419
425
427
439
448
454
495
524
538
.539
571
607
Descrintion
20 above
Bright object that lit countryside came to, around as truck
500' diam. and 130' deep with dome with long aeris!
and red light on top. 7 small beings looked down.
Indiana.
Silver dish hovered over tractor; engine died ther
dish rose.
Villes-Boas.
had landed.
Petrol tractor engine died just after craft
Oval object 161 long 101 high, army green with lettering on
it, blocking road, flashed a bean of light at car and exerted
strong enough pressure to stop it 5 yards from craft.
Witness escapes from heat wave in car as it catches fire
and is destroyed.
Diesel sound as it goes.
Flash of light from a 401 "gubmarine" coincided with
failure of car headlights.
e99 -shaped
Many reports of 2001
with
cer ignitions and creating a wave of heat.
object with bright light, interferang
the engine,
When egg-shape with hunning sound lit car, clock and a
wristwatch stopped.
Egg-shape in a blue hazdon beach; four car engines stalled.
Two men left egg,
asked questions, returned, took off and
cars could be started again.
Car engine died as car approached a hovering 50'long object.
Started again when object left.
Bright light like mercury lamp appeared ahead:
crash seem
ed imminent, car slowed down by itself and stopped.
Above
was a 501 disc emitting a current of hot air and a
high-
pitched sound. As object rose, car started by itself.
Large shape with luminous pole by roadside:
car stalled,
lights off. Two figures disappeared, then object tool oft
spinning. Car could then be started. Snow at site was
melted.
Bright flying object passed lov over car, engine stalled.
UFO landed in dense wood out of sight.
The Barney & Betty Hills affair.
Engine failed when approaching 1301 long 501 high cylinder
which had landed on the road.
2 men.
Motoreycle engine failed when tall being appeared.
Car stoppod when 20 yards fron object, at same
time being
blinded by a light as bright as a welder's torch.
Car could not be started while structureless ball of fire
(30" dian) was within 2 or 3 yards of car.

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 381, "chars": 2547, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Case No.
633
673
681
712
720
721
738
739
746
812
832
848
891
-
4 -
Description
Cadillac engine failed, then saw a "mushroom or electric bulb"
80t tall, 25' wide, 4' above ground.
Noise like a vacuun
cleaner, metallic grey, red-ozance light one side, blue on
other.
Headlights of truck blinked and failed. Then 16'a., 5'h
orange object landed 1001 down the road. Car coming from
opposite dizection had to leave the road to avoid object
Humming noise heard, then 10' high object with changing
coloured lights landed ahead of car blocking the road as car
engine stalled.
Object as wide as road. Three human
occupants seen inside.
Engine,
lights and radio suddenly cut-out before witness saw
301 tall, 10' diameter "rocket" sitting on fins on the road
ahead.
Three odd creatures after inspecting witness zeturned
under rocket and disappeared into the intense light; object
rose streight up 400 yards with high-pitched hum;
car 2017
normal automatically (including engine starting by itself).
15 year old driving West saw an object 30 yds ahead, 6' above
road.
Engine died, object gloved red, witness lost consciousne
On awakening, truck was in ditch facing Fast.
25' diam, craft, supporting a cone with a flashing green light,
hovered
just above the road.
Engine could be restarted when
object left. Sulphur or rotton egg smell.
Iwo women see object approaching, engine and lighta fail, objec
After 10 minutes, car
could be started. Object gloved with intense red light.
Man dfriving 60 mph meets 231 long dark grey oval body with
~ 30 lights around periphery and 3' above road on a hill-top.
Object leaves as car engine and lights die. The light bulbs had
to be replaced.
Engine died as green object wider than road came at high speed
with shriek and heat wave.
Truck engine stalled.
Intense light seen to right as witness
got out to inspect. The light came closer and landed on the
road on a tripod.
It was no seen to be 801 in diameter and
301 high.
Something like an elevator came down with a man in
blue coveralls.
Car stalled, lights went out. 301 diameter object hovering
low over car, sound of electric motor emitting sparks and a
smell of sulphur and camphorated oil.
When object took off,
car zocked and pulled. Perspiration and skin peeling occurred
after 12 hours.
Find.
Vehicles stalled in vicinity of brilliant, transparent mushroom
-shaped object having occupants with eat-like faces.
Quad-
rangular protuberance underneath.
Electrical system (engine, lights, radio) brole down. Dull
object seen 3001 away. Rest of journey in a trance.

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 217, "chars": 1496, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Case No.
893
896
- 5 -
Description
Car failed, looked up light bean from 301 diameter mushroom.
No recall of stopping or starting.
Lights and radio blacked out, but not diesel engine, as 10%
long ege seen 501 away. Jaguan from opp. direction also
stopped. Green light from object, Whitish done underneath.
Hovered 2 mins. then left.
54 cases
NOTES ON IGNITION ZAILURE
1.
Diesel vensus zetrol engine
(a)
Case 341
Beam of red light illuminated two tractors;
the
petrol
one stalled, and the diesel tractor con-
tinued.
(b) Case 896
Diesel truck. lights, tedio fail, but not the
engine.
These cases indicate that petrol engine failure may be due to the
10s3
of ignition spark.
2.
Associated beans seen
(a) Case 207 Intense blue light directed at driver
(b)
" 232
light coming fron above truck (may or may not be
associated)
(c)
(a)
"
"
300
333
Blinded by a strong zed light, turning orange.
Started again "as soon as the blue light tras
turned off."
(e)
"
341
(г)
417
Bean of red light swept countryside, illuminated
two tractors, one stalled.
Beam of light flashod at car, stalling and stopping
Heat wave.
(g)
"
418
Flash of light from object coincided with car
ignition failure.
(h)
"
425
Object illuminated caz, engine, clock and wrist-
watch stopped.
(1)
" 571
Blinded by strong light as car suddenly stopped.
(j)
" 893
Strong light bean aimed et driver.
These cases suggest that craft occupants deliberately set out to
stop the vehicle and not merely that the vehicle entera a protective
field.

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 231, "chars": 1824, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 6
3.
Associated electric shocks
(a) Сазе 234
Shock as lights die. Craft 50 m. away. Io
witnesses.
(b)
" 274
(c)
" 314
shock as engine and lights die. Craft 100 m.
avay. One witness.
Shock as engine and lights die. Craft flying
low overhead. Iwo people.
These three cases indicate that an electiic field capable of
being felt within a conductor was associated with the engine failuze.
Why only three cases?
Were these people more susceptible? Have
others failed to report this effect?
4• Damaged electaical system
(a) Сазе 299
Battery flattened, lights burnt out when ball
of fire flew close enough to car to cause
violent air displacement.
(b)
" 312
Tractor battery flattened by orange craft flyin
over.
(c)
" 399
Daytime chase of 501 black bell ended with a
stall 101 off. Battery flat.
(d)
" 739
Car at 60 mph nearly collides with object.
Bulbs burnt out.
These cases suggest that when too close an approach is made,
the strength of the field can flatten the battezy and burn out the
bulbs il lights were in the circuit.
This in turn sugsests thet the
interfering beam or field may induce an opposing e.m.f. in the batter:
5•
Operation of craft during "attack"
(a) Cases when craft appeez to
deliberately "buzz" vehiclo(8) \ 448, 738, 832.
300, 333, 413, 414, 425,
(b)
Cases when craft may have eccid- (232,
257, 260,
299,
312,
entally buzzed' (9)
341, 495, 746.
(c)
Cases whencraft landed during
1214,
393,
410, 414, 495,
6
or after the
stall (9)
(681,
738, 812.
(a)
Cases when craft waited in a
1399,
439, 721, 739, 891,
hovering node (7)
(893-
896
(e)
Cases when craft
waited near
1234,
273, 306,
317, 323,
the roadway (9)
(418,
427, 454,
633.
(f)
Cases when craft waited on the
road for a victim (6)
(в)
Cases when craft landed on
294g
(120.
(673, 681, 812.
417, 53B, 571, 712,
rond in front of stalling
vehicle (3)

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 1864, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The overall impossion gained Izon these cases is that the
occupants of the craft mostly cut the ignition systems delibegotel
and the failure is not merely a precautionary measure due to the
inadvertent close approach of a vehicle to a craft while it is going
about its tornal business.
The ovidenceis strong that the phenomenos
is not merely a sido-effect of some propulaion system, although this
possibility may exist for very close approaches and high power tate-
off (see Case 413).
6.
Range of operation of ignition cutting device
The evidence so far available
sugsests that this "weapon" is
used
at ranges of up to 100 metres.
7.
Significant cases
(a)
Case 418.
Military and civilian witneses reported
8.
submerine shaped object at ground lovel with a figure
nearby.
When a car stopped in the vicinity, a flash
of light from the object co-incided with the sudden
failuze of the headlights.
(Conment:
If report and inferences are correct, this is
a clear caseol occupanta deliberately interioring
with the
ignition
system of a vehicle by the use of a bean.)
flee Trica!
(b) Case 607: A "ball of fire without structure", 2'6" diameter
prevented a vehicle from starting, for while it remained
within 2 or 3 yds of the car, for more than 5 minutes.
(Comment:
Unless this ball of fire mao equipped with an
'ignition weapon', it would appear that in this
case, ignition logs could be
a side-effect of the pover
sustaining the ball of fire.)
(c) Case 673. After putting out a truck's headlights, an object
dived towazds the truck and stopped on the road 30 m. ahead,
causing a car coming in the opposite direction to leave the
road to avoid the object.
(Comment:
Was the crew of the object so intent on the truck
thet they failed to see the car? If so, it mould
suggest that ignition interference is not automatic, but
requiras the conscious operation of a device.)

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 208, "chars": 1400, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Case No.
71
432
457
568
605
615
643
647
684
727
730
741
763
791
793
884
8
RADIO/EV IMTERFERZIICE
Description
Object fell in front of car as radio "blocked".
Braked, object vanishes.
Radio reception blocked while pale yellow sphere
hovered over hill 4 km away.
one wavelength,
however, had a powerful modulated signal (not morse
code)
Radio interference associated with dome emitting
a narrow light bean
Radio was blocked by atmospheries after saucer
had left.
Fiery object at low altitude apparently interfered
with police radio.
TV interterence
associated with "flying top" at
tree top height.
Radio
interference noted in vicinity of flying
object.
Radio interference noted in vicinity of object
hovering in field.
Radio interference noted in vicinity of double
saucer st low altitude, "beep" heard
Radio interference noted in vicinity of oval
with done,
10'
from car.
Radio transmitter did not work while huge dish
was near (came within 80 It once)
Oval object came close to car; pulsating sound
seemed to come from car radio
TV reception blurred while plate-shaped object
manoeuvred nearby.
Radio interference in areas where object
hovered (misaile teams)
TV set became blazzed;
two witnesses go out to
see spinning light from object hovering nearby.
Radio Interference, pulsating sound, from hovering
object with green glow.
US
Canada
Austral
Sth Afr
US
US
US
Austral
US
US
US
US
US
US
US
Canada

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 298, "chars": 2058, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Case Mo
51 US
61 Brazil
82 Denmark
95 Italy
144 France
147 France
162 France
165 France
171 France
197 France
199 France
201 France
208 Prance
221 France
6
PARALYSIS/ HYPNOSIS DEVICES
Description
Man points a device from open windows
that stunned
female witnesses by "dissolving consciousness; cloying
smell.
Man points tube at Higgins, but no reported effect.
50 m. from object, witness paralysed (also birds and cows
Four handsome men with brown skin emerge with trans-
lucent helmets.
Jitness receives " a kind of electric shock as a green
ray hit him". He could only look up with difficulty.
When Dewilde attempted to intercept two dwarfs, a strong
orange light was emitted from object on rail tracks
about 201
Lorenzen's account says light as pover-
Riding a bicycle, witness felt a prickling or itching
sensation over whole body like electric shocks.
alighting, prickling continued as well as a paralysis.
Very small man then came and touched hin on shoulder,
then left in nearby craft, whereupon paralysis left.
Craft 50m. away; 3 figures emerge from the light as
witness felt paralysed, then lost consciousness.
Witness,
already under partial hypnosis, approaches man
in overalls and helmet, who is holding a metal rod and
has a light projector
on his chest.
The man had
appeated
suddenly at 30 it. distance near a floating done. Witness
felt paralysed, as also 7 others.
Man, and soon
after,
the craft vanished.
Paralysis leaves.
Witness hod
insomnia, headaches, loss of appetite for about a veel.
Man and dog paralysed as object dives toward them and
climbs again.
When near object, employees felt "pricklings and a sort
of paralysis".
Object flew off.
Object approaching, when 150 m away, strange senation
and paralysis. Nitrobenzene snell.
Soldier approaches 2'8" high torpedo, became paralysed.
Witness sees
8' diam. object and feels paralysed, also
grasping for air.
Riding bicycle, witness stopped as figuze in diving suit
with bright eyes and hairy chest aimed a double beam of
light from two vertical headlights on front of suit,
Paralysed.

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 323, "chars": 2137, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Come Io.
234
France
249
272
273
274
279
294
295
"
"
11
"
Italy
297
"
333
France
337
339
Italy
356 Venezuela
358
France
378 US
398 Argentina
400 Brazil
- 10 -
Description
3 dwarfs by craft 50m away.
Small, reddish point of
light.
Both witnesses paralysed until craft left. Ignition
failure.
Witness reached 20m. from dish with 4' boing in diving suit
before being paralysed. As craft took off, witness thrown
to ground.
Horse lifted 101 by 5' diam. object and was paralysed 10 mts.
Man at side of horse felt nothing.
Engine slow down and paralysis. Object in field near the
road. (33' × 8').
Electric shock felt as car engine and lights die. Paralysis
while 4' being moved around (100m away?).
Dog partially paralysed when approached two helmeted figures
near done.
Road blocked by inverted cone; engine dies and witness is
paralysed.
4'3" 'being' by tree aimed a flashlight beam, paralysing
witness. Action of clenching fist on keys freed him alloving
him to attack the intruder who flew avay with a soft whir
on a small conical device.
While approaching strange craft as pilot in diving suit
emerges, craft emitting bronze-green ray, witness was para-
lysed.
Blue dish came close to motocycle: prickling felt in hand,
engine dies and unable to move or speak. When blue light
turned off, all o.l.
Craft took off while pricklings, paralysis and car slow
down occurred.
3 dwarfs stealing rabbits from cage. Farmer aims rifle which
fails to fire
and then has to be dropped.
Witness came across 6 little men loading boulders into hover-
ing dish - Aa he started to run ever, one of the creaturos
pointed something at him which gave off a violet-coloured
light and paralysed him.
Approaching zed oval 50m away, became unable to move for a
while.
Then able, he ranaway, returning with witnesses, to
see craft tale off.
Bell-shape came closé to patrol caz; men inside felt arns
and legs go "dead" and their clothes appeared to burn then
(pricklinga ?).
Dish lands.
Air Force man unable draw gun from holster.
Voice in Spanish from craft.
Man fell paralyaed.
Companions see dish with done top and
bottom 50m avay. Ihree 5'7" men gather samples.

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 331, "chars": 2225, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
se ITo.
402 Australia
408
424
480
558
Fiji
u.s.
UK
Italy
580 Brazil
613
642
650
US
Argentina
France
823 US
902
US
905 US
912 Argentina
916 Argentina
920 Brazil
102
US
120
Norway
-11 -
24
Description
Iwo teenages immersed in a red light changing to green,
becoming part paralysed.
No fear, no object seen.
Figure in object hovering 20-251 above water, aimed
a beam at four people so bright that they felt weak.
Witness paralysed while watching elongated "balloon"
come to ground level and go. Helicopter sound.
Fiery objeet lands 100m away.
Blue haze forms. 3
figures.
Witness paralysed until craft left.
Approached object in village square, was paralysed when
10m away.
Doned disc.
When 101 being made a motion, 11 year old boy picked up
a stone, but waa unable to use it as
"spaceman" looked
straight into his eyes. (supposed to be one-eyed in
forehead) Boys were no longer afraid. Man carried box
emitting flashes.
Tried to approach one foot diam, object, mild electric
shock and unable to move forward.
Witness paralysed during landing of egg and during emergenc
of 3 men who spoke slowly.
As Masse approached two men smaller than 4', one of then
took a small tube from ita container attached to his belt
and pointed it at Masse (bout 101 avay) and paralysed hin
for twenty minutes - long after the craft had left.
Followed by drovsiness for several weeks.
light seen 100 m above ground. Jitnesses stop and are
then paralysed, also ignition interference noted. Took
20 mts. to recover muscular coordination.
Paralysed by beam from underneath 201 long object. Reveale
by hypnosis as no conscious memory renaina.
Cigar flew low over car - car famost stopped, brief
paralysis.
Vivid light dazaled and paralysed witness• Strength
ebbed away, tell unconscious.
Horse and dog (but not witness ?) paralysed for several
minutes.
Suddenly saw cigar, figure with flasling weapon like
electric drill immobilised witness.
PRICKLINGS
After engine stall, approaching light in moods, pricklings
throughout body, had to stop walking forward, lost balance
several times as he returned to car.
Object stopped ahead of them above ground.
Witness
stopped
their car, felt pricklings until cialt left. Paint of
turned bright green. for are day

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 318, "chars": 2232, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
- 12 -
Case No.
147 France
197
France
Description
(see paralysis section). Pricklings like electric shocke
preceded
paralysis. Pricklings while witness was on
bicycle, paralysis after alighting.
(see paralysis section). Witness felt "pricklings and
a sort of pazalysis",
300
France
Man in car felt painful pricklings; 4 year old child
started crying.
Increasing pain as car vent on, when
engine died and lights went off.
329
France
333
France
337
Prance
Three strange men in field. One held a box which emitted
a 10! long beam. The other two held "reapons".
One witnes
fled and felt pricklings on his face as he ran.
(see paralysis section). " Pricklinge when on his motabike.
Ignition failuze. Paralysis.
(see paralysis section). Pricklings then paralysis. Car
slowed down but did not stall.
524
US
The Hill case.
When the "beeping" noise filled the car,
a strange tingling or prickling sensation was felt,
producing a drovsiness.
When the car stopped, one of the
men pointed a small device like a pencil, at Mrs. Hill.
Two hours and 35 miles later, further "beeping" brought
3 поло сла 3531
back consciousness.
NOTES ON PARALYSIS AID ALLIED PHESTOMEITA
Relation between ignition interference and razalysis/prickling eto.
(a) Case 102
Car stalls, witness wlaks towards light, prickling
begins.
(b) Case 300
Pricklings begin, become morepainful, car stalls.
This reversible sequence guggosts different causes.
Ilumerous cases
report loss of ignition, but no pricklings or paralyois.
Probably, there are diff rent causes for loss of ignition and
pricklinga/paralysis,
although they are often coincident.
Apparently
the ignition interfering bean can produce an electric shock or discharge,
whereas the paralysing bean is more related to producing a prickling
or tingling sensation of numerous small electric shocis.
2. Ozigin of prickling/paralysis
(a)
Hand-held device - variously described as a snall metal tube,
flashlight, or electric drill, and in one case as a 60 cm long,
10 em diam
tube.
It is usually pointed at the victim and some-
times
a light is seen emanating from it, but often no light is
reported (laser-action?). Operating distance probably upto
ten metres. Victim is given a "charge" by one operation (Case
650).

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 79, "chars": 532, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 13 -
(b)
Beam on craft - a bean directed from the craft seems
to be effective over at least 100m. Victim is paralysed
only while bean is on,
and usually does not appear
to receive a charge (e•g• cases 144, 333)•
(c) General field? It is possible that at a certain distance
from craft an intruder would automatically receive this
effect.
3. Strength of the effect
The evidence points to the sequence of events being pricklings
(tingling or itching), paralysis, loss of consciousness as the
strength of the effect increases.
I Tool

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 314, "chars": 2156, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS PAGE IS REPRODUCED FROM A BADLY FADED OR ILLEGIBLE SOURCE.
SCANNING THIS ITEM AT A HIGHER RESOLUTION WILL NOT IMPROVE ITS LEGIBILITY.
14A
3092/2
INSTIGATION OF UPO SIGHTINGS
Deputy Secretary B
огід. рок т 1o
Bo office
pop
d
28/1171
Further to our discussion on the question of
investigation of Australian reports on unidentified flying
objects, I vould summarize ny attitude as follows:
(в)
There appears to be suffleient evidenco from
RAAP and US reports of investigation of UPO
sightings to indicate that some reports cannot
readily be explained by natural phenomena or
man-ande activities.
Thorough investigation of
selected Australion reports of UPO sightings
seens to be verrented, but the effort should be
restricted to those occurrences that cannot
easily be explained.
(b)
The Department of Supply has personnel with an
appropriate ronge of seientifie and technical
expertise and leboretory and field facilities
that could suitably be employed on UPO
investigations.
I suggest that Department of Defence should
consider passing responsibility for investigation
of Australien UPO sightings from the RAP to the
Department of Supply under the following general
conditions:
(i) that a linited number of selected reports,
say six per year, be thoroughly
investigated by Department of Supplys
that at the end of two or three
years (or
earlier if suggested by the investigators)
the results of Supply investigations be
examined by interested parties, e•g. Defence,
BAAP and Sapply, with a view to determining
whether there in any defence interest in UPO
sightings that could justify further
investigation,
(a) I believe that, although Defonce should have general
oversight and broad direction of the UPO
investigation, significant JIO resources should not
be devoted to
this until it can be clearly show from
the results of the investigation that a strategic
intelligence interest exists.
liven then, the matter
would have to be related to other priorities; there
are many things that it would be desirable for us to
do but which cannot be taekled because of higher
priorities.
27th May 1971
Joint Intelligence Organization
(Rol. Furlonger)
Director

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 76, "chars": 516, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MINUTE PAPER
(Write on this side only)
BA
CD.O.
554 /1/30 (48)
SUBJECT:
UPO INVESTIGATIONS IN AUSTRALIA
D/D (CIV) JIO
1.
Further to teletalk Mr Mellichael/Ng Car T.W. Murphy on
Thursday 8 Jan 70, a copy of the USAF news release on UFO
Investigation is attached.
2.
In view of this conclusion and decision by the USAF, we are
investigating the possibility of reducing the RAAR effort in investigating
UPO reports in Australia.
15 Jan 70
KECFEED
20 JAN 1970
2
Ashmente Chooked and
Passed by -
ILE
To
Renarka
Library 5

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 484, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ST re eee | 23 6

ss7-f// 7? (#6)

(9)

WO INVESTIGATIONS IN AUSTRALIA

D/D (CIV) JIO |
i; Further to teletalk Mx McMichael /Wg Car T.W. Murphy on

shureday 6 Jan 70, a copy of the USAF news release on UFro
Investigation is attachad.

2e In view of this conclusion and decision by the USAF, we are

investigating the possibility of reducing the RAAF effort in investigating
UFO reports in Australia. |

ig

f/f

(T.¥. MURPHY) | /

We Car
15 Jan 70 | ADAPT |
| \

a  ———  ————=—_
Se:

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 104, "chars": 742, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
B e
55+ /1/30 (17)
A1 •2
Security Classification: Muclassed
Dato:
5/40/HR
Ref:
FROM: RAAF Intelligence Representative
WASHINGTON
TO:
Directorate of Air Force Intelligence
Department of Air
Russell Offices
CANBERRA ACT
Air/Seg Mail:-
The following Intelligence Material is forwarded herewith by Safehand
DOD
News feleas
LIFO
CONTROL
This document contains classified information
of US origin and is subject to the special rules
which have been issued for the treatment of such
documents.
In particular, it must not be passed to
or discussed with any agency outside the Australian
Defence Services, or other nation, unless specifically
cleared by the United States for release.
CLEARED FOR:
encl:
Wing
Confander
RAA Intelligence Representative

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 328, "chars": 2172, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IMMEDIATE RELEASE
NEWS RELEASE
OFACE OF ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE PUBLIC ANTAIRS
WASHINGTON DC 0301
U
PLEASE NOTE DATE
December 17, 1969
NO. 1077-69
OXford 7-5131 (Info.)
Oxford 7-3189 (Copies)
AIR FORCE TO TERMINATE
PROJECT "BLUE BOOK"
au Attach
Secretary of the Air Force Robert
C. Seamans,
announced
today the termination of Project Blue Book, the Air Force program
for the investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).
In a memorandum to Air Force Chief of Staff General John D. Ryan,
Secretary Seamans stated that "the continuation of Project Blue Book
cannot be justified either on the ground of national security or in
the interest of science,"
and concluded that the project does not merit
future expenditures of resources.
The decision to discontinue UFO investigations was based on:
- An evaluation of a report prepared by the University of
Colorado entitled,
"Scientific Study of Unidentified Flying Objects."
- A review of the University of Colorado's report by the
National Academy of Sciences.
- Past UFO studies.
- Air Force experience investigating UFO reports during the past
two decades.
Under the direction of Dr. Edward U. Condon, the University of
Colorado completed an 18-month contracted study of UFOs and
was released to the public in January, 1969.
little if anything has come from the study of UFOs in the past 21 years
that has added to scientific knowledge, and that further extensive
study of UFO sightings is not justified in the expectation that science
will be advanced.
The University of Colorado report also states that, "It seems that
only so much attention to the subject (UFOs) should be give as the
Department of Defense deems to be necessary strictly from a defense
point
of view....It is our impression that
the defense function could be
performed within the framework established for intelligence and sur-
veillance operations without the continuance of a special unit such as
Project Blue Book, but this is a question for defense specialists rather
than research scientists."
A panel of the National Academy of Sciences made an independent
assessment of the scope, methodology, and finding's of the University of
MORE

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 229, "chars": 1565, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 2-
Colorado study. The
panel concurred in the University of Colorado's
recommendation that "no high priority in UFO investigations is
warranted by data of the past two decades." It concluded by stating
that.
"On the basis of present knowledge,
the least likely explanation
of UFOs is the hypothesis of extraterrestrial visitations by intelligent
beings."
Past UFO studies include one conducted by a Scientific Advisory
Panel of UFOs in January, 1953 (Robertson Panel); and, a review of
Project Blue Book by the
Air Force Scientific Advisory Board Ad Hoc
Committee, February-March, 1966 (Dr. Brian 0'Brien, Chairman).
These
studies concluded that no
evidence has been found that any of the UFO
reports reflect a threat to our national security.
As a result of investigating UFO reports since 1948, the
conclusions of
Project Blue Book are:
(1) no UFO reported, investi-
gated, and evaluated by the Air Force has ever given any indication
of threat to our national security; (2) there has been no evidence
submitted or discovered by the Air
Force that sightings categorized
as "unidentified" represent technological developments or principles
beyond the range of
present-day scientific knowledge; and (3) there
has
been no evidence indicating that sightings categorized as "unidenti-
fied" are extraterrestrial vehicles.
Project Blue Book records will be retired to the USAF Archives,
Maxwell Air Force Base, Alabama.
Requests for information will
continue to be handled by the Secretary of the Air Force, Office of
Information (SAFOI), Washington, D.C. 20330.
END

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1848, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS PAGE IS REPRODUCED FROM A BADLY FADED OR ILLEGIBLE SOURCE.
SCANNING THIS ITEM AT A HIGHER RESOLUTION WILL NOT IMPROVE ITS LEGIBILITY.
3092/2
no, Sin 19.11,196
12 A
Dopazinent o2 Tailonal Dozenco
Intelligenco cootion
S120)
I v22 Do nost crotozul 18 you could hop no with come indorsation
concern your cellite tovardo zeport of uniontisted bondol objocto
(TAO) in you countan. The land of phenomena I havo in mind eze dhono
mich can 10% 20111ly and positivi bo dientified on having convontionel
01200s (o.c. common 022-020210, noteora, balloone, entellitoo eic.).
Do malto 10 onolor 2o1 you I v221 number ny quortione no you can rodor
dizont to the nudes. If you havo indomintional naoto ovailable 10 vill
be helpaul to my documontation 12 you could aond thon along too.
1 a) Do zapozto of 140s areive to you or eso thay dissatod to gone oulos
autony (an dile ence, plendo forvard the lottor or otato the nano
and addzoon)?
b) Ago there any apoclal cootion tithin the Dopamimens of Totional
Detonao devoted to the handling of then reporto?
2
or undo to you and/or to matte initial investigpaions?
Are you or come 10001 authority (o.s. the poldoo) maling inveotiga-
Siona at the places of observation?
4 a) Ravo you on 2ilo any reporta of UA0a?
b in caso you have, aso thoy acconsible to the pablo?
e) Ano the zonalto or your investigations and your ovoltationo evollablo
$002
5120 you or come othor authority (celentille inatitusion - n21tozy
or non ndlitosy) portoming any anniyots on the 2opozis 21100?
As you emate of come inctitutlon or organiction condueting pcion-
7
Are you co-sporting with other countarco in thia 21010, 0•2. 02-
changing sopozie and oding infortion?
b to you concluton baced cololy on report faon your or comry?
6.
Akan Sangist
Taken Painaviod
470921-152 /a1m0v100
5.itomp- (Sbecomp) 5.10g
8
RECEIVED
27 NOV 1967
J.L.B

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 47, "chars": 381, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20471
LCC.
1/ A
INWARDS TELEPDINTEN
RZA120/30
CLO 006/30
R
CLO 006:/30
R 3004412
FM JIB(C)
TO JIB(M)
10A
CONFIDENTIAL
REF YOUR 469/61
0. 581
1 OF 30 AUG. FOR DIRECTOR FROM REP.
7 AUGUST.
MAT HE DOES NOT INTEND INVESTIGATING
AFT HAS BEEN TOLD BY GP. CAPT DAVIS, COMNANDING RAAE PEARCOULD DO
NOTHING MORE THAN THE POLICE HAVE DONE
0300 0300
30/0443 ZAUG
1H 36/8
1730116
CONFIDENTIAL

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 67, "chars": 391, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Confa
copy if telepunter mas 469/61 87> Ansbi.
FOR JIB REP FROM DIRECTOR. TODAY'S MELBOURNE SUN REPORTS THE SIGHTING
OF TWELVE FLYING OBJECTS, WHICH LEFT A WHITE TRAIL OF STREAMERS WHICH
FLOATED TO THE GROUND. THE REPORT WENT ON TO SAY THAT THE RAAF WOULD
MAKE A REPORT ON THE INCIDENT TO THE DEPARIMENT OF AIR. WOULD YOU
PLEASE ASK DAFI IF THEY WOULD PROVIDE US WITH A COPY OF THIS REPORT.

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 64, "chars": 472, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS PAGE IS REPRODUCED FROM A BADLY FADED OR ILLEGIBLE SOURCE.
SCANNING THIS ITEM AT A HIGHER RESOLUTION WILL NOT IMPROVE ITS LEGIBILITY.
GONPTDEWETAL
33093/2/4000 qR
Joint Intelligence Bureau
П84.
J.I.B.(N) Representative,
HASHTNGTON
=3 APR 1958
-See 6A
UN TOENE TE TED
OBJECT
Attached is a copy of a report by Captain J.A.D. Forsyth
of S.S. ""comera" on the observation of a flying object.
It is
requested that a cogy be passed to G.IA, for Infornation.
CONFIDENCE TAL

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 386, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONFIDENTIAL
J3093/2/A000
JA
3 683
J.I.B. (M) Ropresentative,
Joint
Intelligence Bureat,
LONDON
Joint Intelligence Bureau
-3 APR 1958
su 6A
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
Attached is a copy of a report by Captain J.A.D.
Forsyth of S.S. "Woomera" on the observation of a flying objeet.
It is requested that a copy be passed to J.I.B. (London) for
information.
(W. H./King)
Direator
CONFIDE!

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 111, "chars": 922, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Se 104/3
Posta Iddress-G.P.O., Box 4317
Telegraphic Address-
Telephone-MB 055
JKC : PH
IN REPLY PLEASE QUOTE-
V.54/383
03093 - 2- 000
COMMONWEALTH OF AUSTRALIA
191 DEPARTMENT OF SHIPPING AND TRANSPORT
RECD.
12 MAR 1958
(J. 1B.)
(M.)
REGIONAL OFFICE,
MARINE BRANCH,
497 COLLINS STREET, MELBOURNE, C.1.
COMEIDENTIAL
7A
7th March, 1953.
The Director
Joint Intelligence Bureau,
Victoria Barracks,
St. Kilda Road,
MELBOURNE. S.C.1.
Observation of High Speed Aerial
. object.
/.
Attached hereto 1s an original report which
has been forwarded by Captain J.A.D. Forsyth that 1t
s.s. "VOOMERA"
Captain Forsyth is anxious
shail be passed to the authority which vi11 be most
interested in the observation.
Any communications intended for Captain
Forsyth may be forwarded to his ship, C/o Huddart Parker Itd.,
Box. 265C, G.P.O., Melbourne.
Deputy Director, Lighthouses and
Navigation, Victoria.
Attachment
To
itami
Abrary No.
кос and

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 250, "chars": 1750, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3.8. " Woomera "
Captain J.A.D.Porsyth.
76
11 Passage Port Lincoln To Melbourne
Via Backetairs Passage:
Report on observation of phenomenon
Observers :-
B.Noble, Second Officer.
Position. Int. 36-35 S.
K.O Connell Chief Engineer.
Long. 138-54 E.
I.McIrath, Fith, Engineer.
Course. 142 True.
Speed. 9.5 Knots.
Weather.
Wind. South, Porce 2. Bar. 29-98" Air.Temp.78. Sea.Temp. 64.
Refraction Abnormal.
Cloud. Alto Cumulus 2/8. Height. 10,000 feet.
Visibility. Plus Thirty miles.
At 1400 hrs. E.S.T. 8th. February 1958 whilst in the above
position a contrail was observed to form at about 50 degrees altitude and
bearing 290 degrees from the ship. The contrall developed rapidly passesa
over the vessels zenith and faded out at about 40 degrees altitude and
bearing 110 degrees, again reformed at about30 degrees and finally
disappeared at an altitude of about 15 degrees on the same bearing, and
in a direction over the township of Kingston.
The contrail appeared to originate from some fast moving
body and the height was estimated at plus 509000 feet. The contrail
remained visible for some thirty minutes gradually dispersing with the
efluxion of time, it was white in colour.
The second officer likened the contrail to the trails left
by V.2. rockets when launched, having observed such launchings from the
North sea during 1944.
refraction was noted at the time of observation,
the s.s. " Lake Tyre " bound on an opposite course was first observed
well below the horizon and the image of this vessel was seen to be inverted.
Inter as two images, gradually fading as the vessel came hull up on the
horizon.
60° ALTiTUDE
BRa. Zgo Fess SHir
PENCIL PALAT A
BLATIVESO ALTO-Co.
48.
40" ALT. FADED
REFORnEy 30" ALT.
DISAPPENRED AT
ADOUT 15° ALT.
6a6. Ha

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 511, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
bA
J3093/2/4000
1471.
JIB(H) Representative,
WASHINGTON,
JOINT INTELLIGENCE BUREAU,
12 MAR 1958
4A refer
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
Attached is a copy of a memo from
Department of Territories on the reported sighting
of a falling objeot in the Territory of Papua and
New Guines.
It is requested that a copy be
passed to C.I.A. for information.
2.
The Department of Territories has
been informed that, from the Defence point of view,
further investigation would not be justified.
(D. T. Forsyth)
Acting Director

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 521, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5A
J3093/2/4000
JOINT INTELLIGENCE BUREAU,
12 MAR 1958
5472
JIB(M) Representative,
LONDON•
4A refer
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
..
4в
1.
Attached is a copy of a memo from
Department of Territories on the reported sighting
of a falling object in the Territory of Papua and
New Guinea,
It is requested that a copy be
passed to J.I.B, (London) for intornation.
The Department of Territories has
been informed that, from the Defence point of view,
further investigation would not be justified.
(D. T. Forsyth)
Acting Director

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 78, "chars": 569, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subject
...
23093-2-000-
128.1.21
4A
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENCE
MINUTE PAPER
REPORTED SIGHTING OF FALLING OBJECT - TERRITORY
OF PAPUA AND NEW GUINEA•
г
The Director
JOINT INTELLIGENCE BUREAU.
Attached are three copies of a memorandum
No. 58/26 of 3rd February, 1958, from the Department of
It would be
and Central Intelligence
Agency, Washington,
2.
The Department of Territories has been
informed that from the Defence point of view, a search
would not be justified.
3.
You neph saw the put to no Bren afe.
Gt. Нетия
Controller
JOINT SERVICE ORGANISATIONS
2412/1958
pepper

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1771, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
48
COPY:
128.1.21
Department of Territories,
CANBERRA
3rd February, 1958.
58/26
The Secretary Defence,
Department of
Victoria Barracks,
MELBOURNE. S.E.1.
REPORTED SIGHTING OF FALLING OBJECT -
TERRITORY OF PAPUA AND NEW GUINEA
Advice was recently received from the
Administrator of Papua and New Guinea that Corporals
on Mee northwest coast or New Cuined, tenorted the
stationed at Vanimo on
sighting of an object in the sky•
The following
rotation is from a written report by Corporal McCulloch :-
The object was sighted at exactly
9.30p.m. on Friday 6th December.
It appeared
as a bright, white light, a little above the
rest of the ranges to the south-west and tel.
from sight behind the horizon.
Although out
of sight a bright glow remained and lasted for
about five seconds.
Soon after the glow
disappeared a muffled impact was heard as
though a heavy object had hit the ground at
some distance.
A compass bearing
(magnetic) .... was found to be 243 degrees
....... true within 2 degrees either
bearing was taken from the exact
position from where the object was sighted.
Both Corporal Blych anc
with the above details. yself •••••. agree
2.
The Administration reports that the District
Officer of the area considers it probable that the object
fell beside the coastal range in an area believed
uninhabited and on the Australian side of the New Guinea
Border.
The Administrator reported that for him to
follow up the report any further would be expensive in
to take my further a doon in that matter:
at this stage, propose
3.
I am referring the information to you as being
of possible interest and would appreciate hearing from
you, in due course, whether you consider it is worth
investigation.
of National Development and C.S.I.R.O.
(Sgd.) (C.R. Lambert)
Secretary

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 169, "chars": 1254, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
03073/2
ЗА
RESTRICTED
RESTRICTED
JOINT INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE
AGENDUM NO.71/1952
COPY NO. 21....
INVESTIGATIONS INTO REPORTS OF UNIDENTIFIED FLING
OBJECTS
Attached 1s a copy of a memorandum from the
Director of Air Force Intelligence to Director, Joint
Intelligence Bureau on the above matter.
In referring
Joint Service Organisations
It would appear that the reports in
question cover a number of subjects - including
those in the aeronautical field - and hence
would be an appropriate study for the Seientific
and Technical Intelligence Sub-Committee, when
formed.
I doubt whether Scientific Intelligence
Branch would have the time or facilities
(certainly not in its early days) to devote much
study to these reports.
The Branch could,
however, probably serve as a coordinator for any
investigations if required.
2.
Director, Joint Intelligence Bureau suggested
that the subject should be brought forward for Joint
Intelligence Committee discussion when the Scientific
and Technical Intelligence Sub-Committee had been formed
and was in operation.
Submission
the Joint Intelliger e Committee at an early date.
The matter will be listed for consideration by
Joint Secretary
18/10/1957
DISTRIBUTION:
List 'A'
Mr. White.
s.T.I.S.C.
RESTRICTED
RESTRICTED

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 156, "chars": 1092, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COPY:
Department of Air
MELBOURNE, C.1.
1st April 1957
Director.
Joint Intelligence Bureau,
Victoria Barracks,
St. Kilda Road,
MELBOURNE.
INVESTIGATIONS INTO REPORTS OF
UNIDENTIFIED FIXING OBJECTS
This Department frequently receives reports
lirect from civilians, or passed on by other departments,
of unidentified flying objects.
We also receive reguests
for assistance and advice from various "Flying Saucer
Research Societies".
Many of these reports presumably cover such
mundane things as meteorological
and astronomical
phenomena;
others appear to be inexplicable. Most of
them are outside the aeronautical field.
As your branch has now established a Scientific
coto 1116en vast eated and Palated by one you
Scientific Research Officers, who will have a broader
background of knowledge of this type of phenomena than
anyone in this Directorate.
4.
If you agree that you can accept this commitment,
will be glad to make available all the papers which we
have required, to date, on this subject.
(sgd.)
P.W. Dawson.
w.c.
(A.D. HENDERSON,
Group Captain
DIRECTOR
L OF AIR FORCE INTELLIGENCE

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 137, "chars": 1013, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
...
RESTRICTED
33093/2/4000 2A
JOINT INTELLIGENCE BUREAU
INVESTIGATIONS INTO REPORTS OF
UNIDENTIFIED PLYING OBJECTS
5889.
= 9 APR 1957
Controller,
Joint Service Organisations
1A
I would appreciate your advice on the proposel
contained in the attached copy of D.A.P.I. 's 114/1/201 (23A)
of Ist April 1957.
It would appear that the reports in queat lon
cover a number of subjects - including those in the aero-
nautical flold - and hence would be an appropriate study for
the s.T.I.S.Cay when formed.
I doubt whether Scientific
Intelligence Branch would have the time or facilities (cortainly
not in its early days) to devote nuch study to these reports.
The Branch could, however, probably serve as a co-ordinator for
any investigations required.
I would suggeat that me sak D.A.P.I. to continue
to hold the papers they have acquired and to bring the subject
forward again, proferably for J.I.C. discusaion, when the
s.T.I.S.C. has been formed and in operation.
(su
M 3
(D. T. Forsyth)
Acting Director
RESTRICTED

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 174, "chars": 1247, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A
RECEIVED
2 APR 1957
ECo
COMMONWEALTH OF AUSTRALIA
TELEGRAPHIC ADDRESS:
"AIRFORCE MELBOURNE"
IN REPLY QUOTE..
114/1/201(2 (23A)
MELBOURNE, C.1
/
DEPARTMENT OF AIR,
Apel 1757
Director,
Joint Intelligence Bureau,
Victoria Barracks,
St. Kilda Road,
MELBOURNE.
INVESTIGATIONS INTO REPORTS OF
UNIDENITFIED FLYING OBJECTS
This Department frequently receives reports
direct from civilians, or passed on by other departments,
oi unidentitled Ilying objects. We also receive requests
for assistance and
advice from various "Flying Saucer
Research Societies".
2.
Many of these reports presumably cover such
mundane things as meteorological and astronomical phenomena;
others appear to be inexplicable.
Most of them are outside
the aeronautical field.
As your branch has now established a Scientific
Intelligence Section, it would appear that these reports
could best be investigated and evaluated by one of your
Scientific Research Officers, who will have a broader back-
ground of knowledge of this type of phenomena than anyone
4.
It you agree that you can accept this commit-
ment, 1 will be glad to make available all
L the papers which
we have acquired, to date, on this subject.
RurA
(A.D. HENDERSON)
Group Captain
DIRECTOR
OF AIR FORCE INTELLIGENCE

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 9, "chars": 86, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ceneden -/4
St 0. l
irectar 34
M2
23/го ЗА6
0434
Derator
8.2
As
Se)
BHAy4
ofue %
MorE
