{"created_utc": "2026-08-29T17:44:03Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 416263, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/aaro-releases-final-report-on-eglin-uap-incident-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "221e1454bd9235966ffb746dbf281eacc1650f38217bb550904286438dfb8885"}

UNCLASSIFIED


                     All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office
                     U.S. Department of Defense

                     (U) Case: “Eglin UAP”
                     Case Resolution | 14 October 2023


(U) Case Background
                                                      (U) Case Essentials
(U) On 26 January 2023, a military pilot reported
four potential unidentified anomalous                 (U) A military pilot reported the object
phenomena (UAP) while operating in the Eglin          due to its potential as a flight safety
Air Force Base training range off the coast of        hazard and an incursion into a sensitive
Florida. Through the onboard radar system, the        training range
pilot initially observed that the four objects were   (U) Location: Near Eglin Air Force Base,
aloft between 16,000 – 18,000 feet and appeared       Florida
to be flying in formation. However the pilot
observed only one of the four objects visually        (U) Date: 26 January 2023
and captured two images of the single object via      (U) Altitude: 16,000 feet
the aircraft’s electro-optical/infrared (EO/IR)
sensor (see Figures 1A and 1B). The pilot could       (U) Shape: Rounded, cone
not record video of the event because the             (U) Reporter: Military personnel
aircraft’s video recording equipment was
inoperable prior to and during the aircraft’s         (U) Sensor: Electro-optical, infrared,
flight. The pilot observed this single object aloft   visual identification, and radar
at 16,000 feet. The following case information is     (U) Behavior: No confirmed anomalous
based on the pilot’s initial report and a             behavior
subsequent discussion that AARO held with the
pilot to seek additional details about the pilot’s    (U) Case Status: Resolved; very likely a
observation of the reported object.                   lighter-than-air object, such as a large
                                                      commercial lighting balloon
   • (U) The pilot described the object as gray
     with a paneled surface and orange-red           (U) Confidence Level: Moderate
     coloring at the center. The initial report
     did not provide the object’s size and speed, but in the subsequent discussion with AARO,
     the pilot reported the object was about 12 feet in diameter and that it either moved very
     slowly or was potentially stationary.

   • (U) In the initial report, the pilot described the bottom half of the object as being rounded,
     and the top half as a rounded, three-dimensional cone shape, similar to the shape of the


                                               1
                                         UNCLASSIFIED
                                       UNCLASSIFIED


     “Apollo spacecraft” (see Figure 2). The pilot visually perceived a heat signature emanating
     from the rounded bottom portion, which they described as “blurry air.”

  • (U) During AARO’s discussion with the pilot, the pilot stated that they thought they saw a
    vertically oriented engine affixed to the side of the object that was nearly the height of the
    object. This feature is not visible in the two still images taken by the EO/IR sensor, and the
    pilot did not include this description in the initial report. AARO has no additional data to
    corroborate whether the object may have had an engine.

  • (U) The pilot reported that upon closing to within 4,000 feet of the object, the radar on the
    aircraft malfunctioned and remained disabled for the remainder of the training exercise.
    Post-mission review determined that a circuit breaker had tripped; technicians reported
    that the same circuit breaker on this particular aircraft had tripped three times in the prior
    months, but technicians could not conclusively diagnose the cause of the fault for this
    incident. Based on the previous tripping of this circuit, AARO assesses the malfunction
    likely was not caused by or associated with the object.

  • (U) During the discussion with the pilot, they recounted that after the radar malfunctioned,
    the object descended into the cloud deck.

  • (U) There was no EO/IR data for the other three reported objects initially observed on
    radar; therefore, AARO could not analyze those reported objects.

(U) Key Findings
(U) AARO assesses the reported UAP very likely was an ordinary object and was not exhibiting
anomalous or exceptional characteristics or flight behaviors. AARO has moderate confidence in
this assessment due to the limited data provided.

  • (U) AARO assesses the object was a lighter-than-air (LTA) object, such as a large form-
    factor balloon; a meteorological balloon; a large Mylar balloon; or a large, commercial,
    outdoor, helium-filled, lighting balloon. AARO has moderate confidence in its
    identification of the object. AARO bases this assessment on a thorough review of the data
    collected, official pilot accounts of the object’s description and behavior, laboratory testing
    of a commercial lighting balloon determined to have similar physical characteristics to the
    object described in the pilot’s report, a reconstruction of the flight geometry, and the sun
    angle at the time of the observation.

  • (U) No anomalous flight characteristics, behaviors, or capabilities were confirmed. AARO
    assesses the circuit breaker trip that caused the radar to fail was coincidental and likely
    due to a pre-existing, undiagnosed technical problem with the system.

  • (U) The physical description of the UAP was generally consistent with an LTA object held
    aloft and carried by the wind; its direction and reported slow speed are consistent with the
    wind direction and speed at the time and the altitude of the observation.

                                             2
                                       UNCLASSIFIED
                                         UNCLASSIFIED


   • (U) The “blurry air” observation could have been a visual misperception due to
     environmental conditions and potentially resulted from a tether hanging below the LTA
     object or motion-induced image blurring.

(U) Although the pilot described the object as uniformly gray in the visible spectrum (it appears
uniformly black from the viewing angle in the EO image), the magnified infrared image shows
the object had a strong contrasting signature in the infrared spectrum. This contrast suggests
either a temperature/emissivity difference or a reflectivity difference between its two
hemispheres. AARO identified a commercial lighting balloon (see Figure 1C), which is a close
visual match to the object in the zoomed-in infrared image (see Figure 1A). Commercial helium
balloons such as these are often large and available in many shapes — including ellipses,
spheres, and cylinders — and are used for outdoor lighting at special events, construction sites,
and movie sets. Although these balloons are available in solid colors, some models have distinct
black and white hemispheres. The upper black hemisphere is lined with reflective material to
direct the light downward through the white hemisphere. AARO conducted extensive testing
using one of these balloons and found it could replicate some aspects of the pilot’s account.

   • (U) The balloon’s hemispheres have seams resembling the ribbed fabric panels of an
     umbrella, which an observer could perceive as “paneling.”

   • (U) These balloons are publicly available to rent or buy. Although the balloons are
     powered by corded alternating current (AC), during its testing, AARO determined that they
     can be converted to direct current or AC battery power.

(U) Beyond these commercial lighting balloons, the object’s description correlates with any
large-form balloon that might be made of two different materials, or the same material of
different colors, with distinct infrared reflective or emissive properties. It is also plausible that
the sun angle at the time of day of the event, when plotted with the EO/IR sensor’s viewing
angle, illuminated the bottom half of the balloon — from the pilot’s perspective — while the top
would appear dark, shaded, and cold (See Figure 3).

   • (U) Due to the angle of the sun and the altitude of the object, a meteorological or Mylar
     balloon likely would also present in a similar fashion on an EO/IR image. The highly
     reflective surface of a Mylar balloon in infrared would exaggerate the perceived
     illumination effect.

(U) AARO submitted the case for review to an Intelligence Community (IC) component and a
science and technology (S&T) partner; these two partners independently reached high
confidence assessments that the object did not exhibit anomalous characteristics or behaviors
and, therefore, was an ordinary object. Both partners independently determined that the object
very likely was some form of balloon.


                                               3
                                         UNCLASSIFIED
                                        UNCLASSIFIED


(U) Intelligence Assessment

(U) AARO’s IC partner on this case assesses with high confidence that the object was not
exhibiting anomalous characteristics based on the available data and its reconstruction of the
event. Available data included the altitude, geocoordinates of the object, the aircraft viewing
angle and heading, as well as the sun geometry at the time of the observation.

   • (U) Based on reconstruction of the event, to include the viewing angle of the EO/IR sensor
     that took the zoomed-in image, the sun would have illuminated the bottom hemisphere in
     a manner consistent with the IR image (see Figure 3). The orange-red color at the center
     of the bottom half of the object could be explained by the sun glint off the object as the
     pilot observed it, thus causing the appearance of the orange-red colors on the balloon.

(U) Science & Technology Assessment

(U) AARO’s S&T partner independently came to the same general conclusions based on the
available data and its deconfliction of military and commercial radar tracks in the vicinity of the
sighting. The partner assesses with high confidence that the object was not anomalous and very
likely was some kind of balloon.

   • (U) The S&T partner assesses that the image is consistent with a Mylar balloon as viewed
     from above where the bottom is illuminated with light reflected from the clouds or the
     earth. This effect is known as “Earth shine.”

   • (U) The partner notes that many larger balloons have red-colored tether points around the
     circumference of the balloon which could account for the orange-red color the pilot
     reported observing near the center.


                                              4
                                        UNCLASSIFIED
                                          UNCLASSIFIED


(U) Figure 1: Comparison of reported UAP (A: Infrared image of reported object, B: Electro-optical image
       of reported object, and C: Image of a commercial LTA lighting system) (Photo credit: AARO)


                                                5
                                          UNCLASSIFIED
               UNCLASSIFIED


(U) Figure 2: Pilot’s drawing of the reported object


                     6
               UNCLASSIFIED
                                           UNCLASSIFIED


(U) Figure 3: The below is a visualization of the pilot’s point of view of the object based on the position
      and altitudes of the aircraft and object, the look angle of the sensor, and the sun geometry


                                                 7
                                           UNCLASSIFIED
