{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-02T08:02:53Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 15, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1308474, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/aaro-releases-fy2025-uap-report-months-after-statutory-deadline-citing-319-new-cases-and-expanded-satellite-analysis-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "22a8a811758a04ff24f04d1ade784255c27d8b5385bdc075f83851085d951b9a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 27, "chars": 237, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "clean-vision"}
DEPARTMENT
*|*|*/*/*
*|**|*/
WAR
UNITED
STATES OF
AMERICA
DEPARTMENT OF WAR
ALL-DOMAIN ANOMALY RESOLUTION OFFICE
Fiscal Year 2025 Consolidated Annual Report on Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena
Information Cut Off: May 30, 2025
26-P-0880

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 100, "chars": 895, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Table of Contents
I. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
II. SCOPE
III. OVERVIEW OF REPORTS
A. Overall Trend Analysis.
B. Diversification and Sources of Reporting....
IV. OVERVIEW OF ANALYSIS AND FINDINGS.
A. Reported Morphologies
B. Reported Altitudes for Airborne UAP....
C. Notable Trends Regarding Prosaic Objects..
D. Flight Safety Issues..
E. Reports In or Near Restricted Airspace or Critical Infrastructure ....
F. UAS Observations Near U.S. Nuclear Infrastructure, Weapons, and Launch Sites.
G. Capture or Exploitation of UAP...
H. Reported Health or Physiological Impacts from UAP Incidents...
V. ENGAGEMENT, ROLES, RESPONSIBILITIES, AND REPORTING
A. Foreign Partner Engagement...
B. Roles and Responsibilities of Assigned Line Organizations..
C. Authorized Reporting Mechanism..
VI. AARO PROGRAM UPDATES ...
VII. WAY FORWARD
APPENDIX A: GLOSSARY OF TERMS
4
4
6
6
6
7
8
8
9
9
9
..9
10
10
10
10
11
11
13

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 367, "chars": 2694, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
The Department of War (DoW) provides this report pursuant to a requirement established
under section 3373k of Title 50, United States Code. This document contains all reported
unidentified anomalous phenomena (UAP)-related events occurring from June 2, 2024, to May
30, 2025, and UAP-related events occurring within any previous period not covered in a previous
report.
The All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office (AARO) received 319 reports of UAP-
related events. Of those, 284 feature UAP-related events occurring during the reporting period
and 35 reports feature UAP-related events occurring outside the reporting period. AARO
resolved 114 of the 319 UAP reports. In addition, AARO resolved 256 cases reported in a
previous period, bringing the total number of resolved cases during the reporting period to 370.
AARO assesses that all resolved cases are attributable to prosaic objects such as balloons,
satellites, birds, aircraft, and unmanned aerial systems (UAS). AARO also assesses that one case
is attributable to a commercial rocket launch and one to a manned jet pack.
During the reporting period, AARO onboarded a new capability that enabled analysts to
resolve 238 reported UAP as satellite flaring.
AARO did not receive any reports of UAP-related health effects during this reporting
period
Two UAP reports described electronic or avionic interference as attributable to UAP in
proximity to an operational aircraft. AARO has not yet rendered a determination on whether,
and to what extent, the reported effects are attributable to UAP.
AARO did not receive reports indicating flight safety concerns during this reporting
period
As previously reported, a collection bias favoring the continental United States, its littoral
waters, and global U.S. military operational areas, influences AARO's UAP case holdings.
Locations with a higher density of U.S. military sensors and assets tend to submit more UAP
reports.
A lack of timely and actionable sensor data continues to constrain AARO's ability to
resolve cases. AARO has worked alongside its military and technical partners to mitigate these
constraints by clearly articulating optimal sensor requirements, information-sharing processes,
and the essential elements of information that inform high-quality UAP reporting. AARO also
continues to expand engagement, information-sharing, and collaboration with foreign partners.
Il. SCOPE
The DoW provides this report pursuant to a requirement established under section
3373(k)(1)(A) of Title 50, United States Code: "Not later than 180 days after the enactment of
the Fiscal Year (FY) 2023 Intelligence Authorization Act and annually thereafter for four years,
2

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 229, "chars": 1617, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the Director of the Office shall submit a report on UAP to the appropriate congressional
committees."
Per section 3373(k)(1)(B) of Title 50, United States Code, each report shall include, with
respect to the year covered by the report, the following information:
• All reported UAP-related events that occurred during the one-year period.
• All reported UAP-related events that occurred during a period other than that one-
year period but were not included in an earlier report.
• An analysis of data and intelligence received through each reported UAP-related
event.
• An analysis of data relating to UAP collected through:
- Geospatial Intelligence
- Signals Intelligence
- Human Intelligence
- Measurement and Signatures Intelligence
• The number of reported incidents of UAP over restricted air space of the United
States during the one-year period.
- Including analysis of such incidents identified.
• Identification of potential aerospace and other threats posed by UAP to the national
security of the United States.
• An assessment of any activity regarding UAP that can be attributed to one or more
adversarial foreign governments.
• Identification of any incidents or patterns regarding UAP that indicate a potential
adversarial foreign government may have achieved a breakthrough aerospace
capability.
• An update on the consultation by the United States with allies and partners on efforts
to track, understand, and address UAP.
• An update on any efforts underway on the ability to capture or exploit discovered
UAP.
• An assessment of health-related effects for individuals that have encountered UAP.
3

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 2143, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• The number of reported incidents, and descriptions thereof, of UAP associated with
military nuclear assets, including strategic nuclear weapons and nuclear-powered
ships and submarines.
• Results of consultation with the Administrator for Nuclear Security regarding the
number of reported incidents, and description thereof, of UAP associated with
facilities or assets associated with the production, transportation, or storage of nuclear
weapons or components thereof.
• Results of consultation with the Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission
regarding the number of reported incidents, and descriptions thereof, of UAP or
drones of unknown origin associated with nuclear power generating stations, nuclear
fuel storage sites, or other sites or facilities regulated by the Nuclear Regulatory
Commission.
• The names of the line organizations that have been designated to perform the specific
functions including Response to and Field Investigations and Scientific,
Technological, and Operational Analyses of Data on UAP, and the specific functions
for which each such line organization has been assigned primary responsibility.
• A summary of the reports received using the mechanism for authorized reporting
established under section 3373b of this title.
AARO drafted this report in coordination with the Military Services, DoW, and
Intelligence Community (IC) partners across the United States Government (USG).
III. OVERVIEW OF REPORTS
A. Overall Trend Analysis
As of May 30, 2025, AARO's case holdings contain 1,870 reports. From June 2, 2024, to
May 30, 2025, AARO received 319 UAP reports, of which 284 featured UAP-related events
occurring during the reporting period and 35 featured UAP-related events that occurred between
2010 and 2024. Of these, AARO assesses that 274 UAP reports occurred in the air domain, 44
in the space domain, and one in the maritime domain.
None of AARO's space-domain case assessments originated from space-based sensors.
Forty-two UAP reports originated from civilian pilot reports via the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA), and two originated from ground-based U.S. Space Command sensors.
4

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 426, "chars": 3142, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AARO applied all-source analysis' techniques and three-dimensional modeling to render a high-
confidence assessment for each of these cases as being attributable to satellite flaring.
Flaring is a well-documented phenomenon where reflected sunlight from satellite
surfaces becomes visible when viewed from specific angles. These flares can appear as intense,
bright orbs of light many times brighter than surrounding stars or background light levels that
persist from a fraction of a second up to several minutes, depending on the observational
conditions. These reports each described morphological features and behavioral characteristics
consistent with those of a satellite flare. The flaring phenomenon is responsible for a growing
number of AARO's total case resolutions as the office's modeling techniques improve and
reports increase.
The single maritime domain UAP case AARO received involved a report from U.S. Navy
assets operating off the coast of Virginia. The report described approximately 100 airborne UAP
and two, likely uncrewed, surface systems. AARO is actively investigating this event in
coordination with the reporting unit.
AARO resolved 114 of the 319 UAP reports, each attributable to various prosaic objects
such as balloons, birds, satellites, aircraft, UAS, and a single instance each of a rocket launch and
a manned jet pack. Pending review and director authorization, AARO's analytic team
recommends the closure of three additional cases. AARO applied its rigorous, comprehensive,
all-source analytic approach and three-dimensional computer modeling to preliminarily resolve
these cases with high confidence as attributable to satellite flaring.
AARO identified nine reports meriting further analysis by its IC and science and
technology (S&T) partners with relevant technical and domain expertise.
AARO transferred 191 of the 319 UAP cases to its active archive pending the future
discovery of corroborating data sources. The active archive is a category of UAP reports with
insufficient data to assess whether the performance characteristics of the underlying event are
consistent with those of natural phenomena or exceed the known state-of-the-art for
technological systems. UAP cases held in active archive inform AARO's locational and trend
analyses and remain open to future resolution should further information or improved analytical
techniques enable a more conclusive resolution.
AARO occasionally receives reports from two or more sources which correspond to a
single event. When this occurs, AARO merges the corresponding case files into a single
incident. AARO performed two such merger actions during this reporting period.
None of the cases AARO resolved indicate advanced foreign adversarial capabilities or
breakthrough technologies in any domain.
'All-source analysis is the process of synthesizing information derived from multiple intelligence
disciplines, such as human, signals, or imagery intelligence, to create a comprehensively informed
assessment of a situation or event. This process enables more reliable assessments than any single-source
method of interpreting unfiltered data.
5

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 168, "chars": 1357, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UAS, 2
Aircraft, 4
Bird(s), 2
Missile/Rocket, 1
Jetpack, 1
Satellite(s), 44
Balloon(s), 60
Figure 1: AARO's Closed Cases by Identified Object Type from June 2, 2024 - May 30, 2025
B. Diversification and Sources of Reporting
FAA UAP reports from civilian aviators constituted 21 percent of AARO's incoming
reporting. These reports, although less data-rich on an individual basis than most DoW
reporting, provide AARO invaluable access to a much broader pool of reporting for potentially
anomalous incidents over the continental United States and its littoral waters. These reports
often contain narrative descriptions with sufficient detail to produce high-confidence
assessments, especially in reports describing morphologies or behaviors consistent with satellite
flaring.
IV. OVERVIEW OF ANALYSIS AND FINDINGS
A. Reported Morphologies
Reporting trends for UAP morphologies remain consistent with historical patterns. In
incidents where reporters provided a description of the phenomenon's distinct visual
characteristics, lights (33 percent) and spheroidal objects (40 percent) were the most reported
morphologies (Figure 3). Phenomena within the "other" category include less-commonly
described morphologies such as "cross-shaped," "a star shape," "an elongated diamond shape
like two inverted pyramids," and a "flaming object that fell from the sky."
6

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 141, "chars": 1127, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Of the reports AARO analyzed, 77 of the 319 UAP reports (24.13 percent) contained
insufficient information to render an analytic conclusion on the phenomenon's morphological
characteristics.
Vector/Boomerang, 1
Triangle/Delta, 3
Disk, 5
Square/Oblong/Polygon, 2
Oval, 6
Cylinder, 6
Other, 7
Lights, 37
Orb/Sphere/Round, 44
Figure 2: UAP Characterization by Morphology* from June 2, 2024 - May 30, 2025
*Cases lacking a resolved morphology do not appear in this chart.
B. Reported Altitudes for Airborne UAP
Airborne UAP-related events were predominately reported between 10,000 and 35,000
feet. UAP-related events reported above 45,000 feet fell from 27 percent of reports to 4 percent
since AARO's FY 2024 annual report. AARO assesses that this notable difference in reported
altitudes stems from a collection bias in the previous reporting period having favored a batch of
FAA-derived reports of higher-altitude phenomena. Civilian pilot estimates of phenomenon
altitudes tended to range from 45,000 to 60,000 feet. However, AARO resolved many of these
reports as satellite flaring based on their reported characteristics.
7

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 145, "chars": 1201, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
328K
SPACE
> 60K
60K
55K
50K
40K
35K
30K
25K
20K
15K
10K
5K
<5K
1%
1%
1%
1%
Weather Balloons
0%
4%
Commercial Air Traffic
| 10%
10%
10%
22%
22%
• 8%
1 1%
7%
Mt Everest
- Maritime
Note: Not all reports contain altitude data.
Figure 3: Reported Airborne UAP Altitudes from June 2, 2024 - May 30, 2025
C. Notable Trends Regarding Prosaic Objects
AARO routinely resolves UAP-related events involving satellite flaring using three-
dimensional modeling techniques. Reports involving satellites often include descriptions of
bright, colored lights at high altitudes, or moving "orbs" of light. AARO resolved 44 UAP-
related events as attributable to satellite flaring during the reporting period.
AARO continues to resolve many UAP-related events as balloons of various kinds,
ranging from latex or reflective foil "party balloons" to large research balloons carrying tethered
payloads. Reporters often characterize their observations as being clearly identifiable as
balloons within the initial report. AARO is well equipped to identify balloons through full
motion video (FMV) or still imagery analysis.
D. Flight Safety Issues
No reports indicated a flight safety concern during this reporting period.
8

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2865, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
E. Reports In or Near Restricted Airspace or Critical Infrastructure
AARO received and analyzed several reports describing UAP in or near national security
sites or critical infrastructure. Some narrative reports were suggestive of phenomena whose
performance characteristics exceed the known state-of-the-art within a given domain. No
technical data accompanied these reports. If validated, the attendant phenomena underlying
these reports may represent a currently unmitigated threat vector. Part of AARO's mission is to
provide data and analysis that helps mitigate potential UAP-related national security threats or
operational hazards.
Two UAP reports contained descriptions of electronic or avionic interference reported as
attributable to UAP in proximity to an operational aircraft. AARO has not yet rendered a
determination whether, or to what extent, the reported effects are attributable to UAP.
F. UAS Observations Near U.S. Nuclear Infrastructure, Weapons, and Launch Sites
AARO received 50 reports from the Administrator for Nuclear Security and Chairman of
the Nuclear Regulatory Commission regarding unmanned aerial systems (UAS) incidents near
U.S. nuclear infrastructure, weapons, and launch sites, a 177.8 percent increase over the 18
reported in AARO's FY 2024 annual report. None of these incidents were reported as UAP.
During the reporting period, 33 of 50 (66 percent) incidents occurring near nuclear
infrastructure involved one UAS, with the other 17 involving between 2 and 7 UAS. Most cases
- 47 of the 50- occurred between 1700 and 0500 local time. Three cases occurred at 0545,
1510, and an unspecified time. Five incidents persisted for a duration of at least one hour, with
the longest recorded at approximately three hours. Twenty-six incidents persisted for under one
hour, with the shortest recorded at approximately two minutes. The other 21 incidents occurred
over durations of unreported lengths. The reports contained descriptions of UAS morphologies
ranging from small hobbyist-sized UAS to larger multi-rotor models. Quadcopters were the
most reported morphology.
G. Capture or Exploitation of UAP
To date, no evidence suggests that a USG or private entity has ever captured or exploited
UAP-derived materials. AARO is currently developing a formalized process for handling UAP-
derived materials by an appropriate line organization, should such materials ever come into the
possession of the USG. AARO's development process draws on established USG capabilities
and operating procedures governing the recovery of foreign materiel.
H. Reported Health or Physiological Impacts from VAP Incidents
To date, AARO has not received a UAP report in which a reporter described sustaining
adverse health effects associated with their experience. However, AARO will document any
UAP-related health effects, should they be reported.
9

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 336, "chars": 2591, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
V. ENGAGEMENT, ROLES, RESPONSIBILITIES, AND REPORTING
A. Foreign Partner Engagement
During the reporting period, AARO continued to engage with international partners to
exchange information and best practices for UAP reporting, analysis, and response.
AARO's deputy director presented a mission briefing to the Defense Geospatial
Intelligence conference in London, United Kingdom.
B. Roles and Responsibilities of Assigned Line Organizations
AARO works closely with the military Services, Combatant Commands, and the relevant
cognizant authorities in each operational area or domain to develop coordinated UAP mitigation
and response plans, including robust reporting processes. As the DoW's mission manager for
UAP response, AARO aims to fully implement the Joint Staff's classified UAP GENADMIN
from February 2025.
The military Services' counterintelligence, law enforcement, and security agencies are
the cognizant authorities responsible for responding to UAP incidents and incursions on all DoW
installations and ranges.
C. Authorized Reporting Mechanism
AARO hosts a secure reporting mechanism on its public website, www.aaro.mil. This
mechanism enables and encourages individuals claiming first-hand knowledge of a USG UAP-
related program or activity dating back to 1945 to report information to AARO. AARO protects
personally identifiable information it receives via this mechanism. AARO staff may only access
this information to facilitate the contacting of individuals for follow-on interviews.
AARO is authorized by law to receive all UAP-related information, including any
classified national security information involving military or intelligence related activities, at any
level of classification, regardless of any restrictive access controls, special access controls, or
compartmented access programs. Generally, no restrictions, including non-disclosure
agreements, prevent AARO from receiving UAP-related information, regardless of the
organizational affiliation of the original classification authority within the DoW, the IC, or any
other USG department or agency.
Between June 2, 2024, and May 30, 2025, 262 individuals contacted AARO via the
secure reporting mechanism on its website. AARO determined that 255 were out-of-scope and
identified 7 individuals whose claims warranted a request for a follow-on interview. AARO
prioritizes interviewing current or former USG employees, contractors, or service members
claiming to have first-hand knowledge of a USG UAP-related program per the eligibility
requirement for a report to qualify as an authorized disclosure.
10

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 422, "chars": 3068, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VI. AARO PROGRAM UPDATES
AARO continues to refine processes and adopt new tools to resolve UAP cases with
higher confidence. During this reporting period, AARO onboarded a new analytic capability that
has significantly improved the office's ability to efficiently determine when UAP reports are
attributable to satellite flaring. This capability, consisting of advanced three-dimensional
modeling and simulation applications, enabled analysts to resolve 238 reported UAP as satellite
flaring. AARO continues to develop its all-source analysis methodology and take an innovative
approach to solving novel problems using proven intelligence tradecraft techniques.
In FY2025, AARO launched several multi-domain, multi-modal sensor and algorithmic
prototyping initiatives to detect, track, characterize, identity and potentially attribute anomalous
detections. AARO chose to pursue a wide range of sensor capabilities to better detect and
measure diverse, complementary features such as state conditions, body dynamics, and spectral
characteristics.
AARO Director Dr. Jon Kosloski participated in several on-camera interviews with
national-level audiences, including both traditional television and new media formats. AARO's
effort to engage with a broad audience supports the office's objectives to destigmatize UAP
reporting, emphasize the national security implications associated with domain awareness gaps,
and inform the public on what information is most valuable when making a UAP report.
AARO continues to update its public-facing website, www.aaro.mil, with declassified
UAP data and footage, case resolutions, UAP analytic trends, and other information about its
mission. AARO's website hosts the secure mechanism for authorized reporting of UAP
programs or activities by current and former USG employees, service members, and contractors.
AARO regularly resolves cases and makes case resolutions available on its public-facing,
unclassified website. AARO has published case resolutions, imagery, calculations, and
modeling associated with some of the UAP cases best known to the public. These include the
case known to the public as "Go Fast," originally released via unauthorized disclosure in 2017,
and a well-known UAP event occurring in Aguadilla, Puerto Rico, in 2013. Responding to
public interest, AARO also published newly declassified imagery associated with unresolved
UAP reports that lack sufficient technical data for analysis.
AARO launched an "Electronic Freedom of Information Act (E-FOIA) Reading Room"
containing responsive documents to FOIA requests relating to AARO since its
establishment. The E-FOIA Reading Room is available to the public on AARO's website.
VII. WAY FORWARD
AARO will continue to develop partnerships across the USG, academia, and commercial
communities. AARO seeks to capitalize on a diverse set of sensor technology capabilities and
intelligence analytic tradecraft through these partnerships to improve the USG's effort to
investigate and respond to UAP in the air, maritime, and space domains at scale and speed.
11

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 67, "chars": 556, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AARO is implementing a multi-year investment strategy to improve awareness across the
space, air, and maritime domains. These investments focus on augmenting existing USG sensor
architectures, prototyping and field-testing new technologies, and developing novel analytic
techniques using proven technologies and methodologies. Collectively, these initiatives aim to
deliver real-time UAP detection and identification capabilities (i.e. domain awareness), thereby
enabling USG organizations to more effectively respond to UAP, tactically and nationally.
12

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 1998, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
APPENDIX A: GLOSSARY OF TERMS
AARO
Active Archive: The active archive is a repository of cases lacking sufficient data to
facilitate a comprehensive analysis. AARO retains these cases in an archive to support
UAP pattern of life and reporting trend analyses. AARO reopens archived cases should
additional data of sufficient quality become available.
Unidentified Anomalous Phenomenon (UAP): Sources of anomalous detections in one or
more domain (i.e., airborne, maritime, spaceborne, and/or transmedium) that are not attributable
to known actors and that demonstrate behaviors that are not readily understood by sensors or
observers. "Anomalous detections" include but are not limited to phenomena that demonstrate
apparent capabilities or material that exceed known performance envelopes. A UAP may consist
of one or more unidentified anomalous objects and may persist over an extended period.
Airborne UAP: Sources of anomalous detections between the Earth's sea level and the Karman
Line (100 kilometers above Earth's mean sea level).
Maritime UAP: Sources of anomalous detections at or below Earth's sea level within a body of
water.
Spaceborne UAP: Sources of anomalous detections above the Karman Line.
Transmedium UAP: Sources of anomalous detections that transit more than one domain.
UAP Data: Any record of anomalous detections, UAP observations, effects (on persons or
equipment). UAP data includes but is not limited to physical or digital notes, still photography,
FMV recordings, and audio recordings.
UAP Incident: Any anomalous detection in any domain reported by an observer or recorded via
sensors.
UAP Incursion: Any UAP incident occurring in, on, or near U.S. military installations,
operating areas, training areas, special use airspace, proximity operations, or other national
security areas of interest such as U.S. critical infrastructure, IC equities, or the national defense
equities of U.S. defense partners, military allies, and intelligence coalitions (e.g., FVEY).
13
