{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-02T08:04:38Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2417309, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/aatip-and-the-pentagon-the-struggle-over-ufo-program-records-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "44b03e75e14ee8dff8e5357134f8edb99f90e9fcfa4f86ea399ea9878b54eaa8"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 385, "chars": 2650, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEFENSE
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
FREEDOM OF INFORMATION DIVISION
1155 DEFENSE PENTAGON
WASHINGTON, DC 20301-1155
ED STATES OF ANTO
Ref: 21-F-0938
February 16, 2024
Mr. John Greenewald, Jr.
The Black Vault
27305 W. Live Oak Road
Suite #1203
Castaic, CA 91384
Dear Mr. Greenewald:
This is a final response to your April 30, 2021 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request,
a copy of which is enclosed for your convenience. We received your request on May 3, 2021, and
assigned it FOIA case number 21-F-0938. We ask that you use this number when referring to your
request.
The Office of the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs (PA) and the DoD
Office of the General Counsel (OGC), components of the Office of the Secretary of Defense,
conducted searches of their records systems and located nine pages determined to be responsive to
your request. The previous response pertaining to this FOIA request contained six pages; however,
this response includes an email exchange from a private citizen, totaling three pages. Mr. Brian
Kreitlow, Chief, Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security, Collection
Policy Division; Ms. Tanya Rose, PA Information Management Director; and Mr. David Bennet,
Director, OGC Office of Information Counsel, in their capacities as Initial Denial Authorities, have
determined that portions of the nine responsive pages are exempt from release. The redacted
information is exempt from disclosure pursuant to 5 U.S.C. § 552 (b)(5), inter- and intra-agency
memoranda which are deliberative in nature; this exemption is appropriate for internal documents
which are part of the decision-making process, and contain subjective evaluations, opinions and
recommendations; and (b)(6), disclosure that would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of the
personal privacy of individuals.
As stated previously, the three additional pages are an attachment to e-mail correspondence
that is from a private citizen to a DoD employee. The DoD cannot validate the authenticity of the
material contained in this record. Personal information within the record is redacted to protect the
privacy of individuals mentioned. As such, this record is marked accordingly.
In this instance, fees for processing your request were below the threshold for requiring
payment. Please note that fees may be assessed on future requests.
If you have any questions or concerns about the foregoing or about the processing of your
request, please do not hesitate to contact the Action Officer assigned to your request, Jasmine
Anderson, at jasmine.j. anderson.civ@mail.mil or 571-372-0420. Additionally, if you have

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 238, "chars": 1652, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
concerns about service received by our office, please contact a member of our Leadership Team at
571-372-0498 or Toll Free at 866-574-4970.
Should you wish to inquire about mediation services, you may contact the OSD/JS FOIA
Public Liaison, Toni Fuentes, at 571-372-0462 or by email at USD.FOIA Liaison @ mail.mil, or the
Office of Government Information Services (OGIS) at the National Archives and Records
Administration. The contact information for OGIS is as follows:
Office of Government Information Services
National Archives and Records Administration
8601 Adelphi Road-OGIS
College Park, MD 20740
E-mail: ogis@nara.gov
Telephone: 202-741-5770
Fax: 202-741-5769
Toll-free: 1-877-684-6448
You have the right to appeal to the appellate authority, Ms. Joo Chung, Assistant to the
Secretary of Defense for Privacy Civil Liberties, and Transparency (PCLT), Office of the Secretary
of Defense, at the following address: 4800 Mark Center Drive, ATTN: PCLFD, FOIA Appeals,
Mailbox #24, Alexandria, VA 22350-1700.
Your appeal must be postmarked within 90 calendar days of the date of this response.
Alternatively, you may email your appeal to osd.foia-appeal@mail.mil. If you use email, please
include the words "FOIA Appeal" in the subject of the email. Please also reference FOIA case
number 21-F-0938 in any appeal correspondence.
We appreciate your patience in the processing of your request. As stated previously, please
contact the Action Officer assigned to your request, Jasmine Anderson, and reference FOIA case
number 21-F-0938, if you have any questions or concerns.
Sincerely,
for Pamela Andrews
Stephanie L. Carr
Chief
Enclosures:
As stated

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 271, "chars": 1770, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(b)(5)
Regards,
(b)(6)
From: Gato Amarillo <gatoamarillo48@gmail.com>
Sent: Wednesday, June 3, 2020 12:10 PM
To: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) - (b)(6)
Subject: [Non-DoD Source] REF: AATIP - - ATTENTION: Ms. Gough; Request for Department Action
Ms. Gough,
My name is Luis D. Elizondo, and I am a former staff member of OUSD(I). As you
know, since 2017 there has been considerable controversy and confusion
generated by your conflicting and often inaccurate statements regarding the AATIP
program and my role in it. I am therefore writing today to seek your assistance in
correcting the record.
Last fall you released a statement erroneously characterizing the AATIP program,
stating, "Neither AATIP nor AAWSAP were UAP related." While I am delighted that
you have since corrected the record on this important issue, acknowledging that
the program was in fact all about UAPs, you have yet to amend your equally false
and misleading comment that I had "no assigned duties in the AATIP
program." The truth, as everyone involved in the program knows, is that I ran the
program.
After contacting your office to point out the inaccuracy of your statements
regarding my role at AATIP, | largely refrained from public comment assuming that
you would review this important issue and correct the record. Indeed, your
colleague and predecessor, Mr. Sherwood informed me that in light of the Navy's
recent admission of my involvement, the Department would be releasing a new
statement in the near term that would exonerate me and finally set the record
straight.
A year has gone by and I am losing faith in you and your office. Consequently, in a
final effort to clarify matters I am providing a list of individuals who can
substantiate my lead role in the AATIP program:
3

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 146, "chars": 1170, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The "Honorable Harry Reid"; former Senate Majority Leader and AATIP sponsor
1 (b)(6)
; OSD Senior Executive, Senior Advisor to the Secretary of Defense
1 (b)(6)
; OSD Senior Executive, Senior Advisor to the Secretary of Defense
(b)(6)
; OSD Senior Executive, Senior DoD Liaison to the White House
"Neil Tipton"; OSD Senior Executive, Director of Defense Intelligence for Special
Programs, OUSD(I)
"Jay Stratton"; Senior Executive, Office of Naval Intelligence
(b)(6)
(b)(6)
(b) (6)
' (b)(6)
" (b)(6)
(b)(6)
"(b)(6)
(b)(6)
(b)(6)
1(b)(6)
(b)(6)
Intelligence
(b) (6)
; (b)(6)
; (b)(6)
(b)(6)
; (b)(6)
; (b)(6)
; (b)(6)
"Mr. Christopher Mellon"; Civilian, former Assistant Secretary of Defense for
This is only a partial list of individuals I worked with in AATIP who can substantiate
my role. If necessary, I can provide the names of other individuals from the
Central Intelligence Agency, Department of the Army, Department of the Navy, the
Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and the Senate Staff. Many of these
individuals received regular briefings from me and participated in meetings
involving the program and its investigation of the UAP phenomenon.
4

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 2214, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Additionally, I arranged and attended many in-person, official briefings for senior
OSD staff, accompanied by military pilots and other personnel involved in UAP
incidents. Many of these meetings occurred in the Secretary of Defense office
suite which I am certain there are records. If necessary I can supply those names
as well, as these meetings occurred frequently and at the behest of senior ranking
individuals in the Department. There is also official documentation and records
substantiating these meetings and interactions within DoD holdings.
Finally, in the event the above does not suffice, you should know that I transferred
my AATIP responsibilities to one of the named individuals above, in writing, and in
the presence of other individuals. With this information in hand I cannot imagine
any reason you cannot readily clarify the facts and correct the record. As all of
these individuals can attest, I remained in the lead role, coordinating and
investigating UAP activities in the Department until my resignation from OSD in
October 2017.
I have been patient and hopeful for over a year. That is a long time when one's
reputation is at stake. Again, I applaud you for finally correcting the record
involving AATIP's mission, but your failure to correct the record regarding my
involvement in UAP investigations in OSD from 2008 until my departure from OSD
in 2017 is contributing to unnecessary misunderstandings and mistrust of both the
Department and myself. This is a very serious issue given the impact on my
credibility and career prospects, and also the credibility of OSD.
I therefore encourage you to seek whatever information you require (and I am
happy to assist you) to ensure the public receives accurate information at the
Unclassified level. As you know, there is already great public distrust of the
Government regarding the UAP issue. Regrettably, your inconsistent and
sometimes erroneous reporting has only intensified the problem.
Although I am confident that via the FOIA process, or through Congressional or
press inquiries that the truth will eventually come to light, my hope is to see this
issue resolved sooner rather than later. If you are unable or unwilling to correct

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 200, "chars": 1207, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the record regarding my role on the UAP issue at DoD, I will have no other choice
than to seek redress through the press, Congress, and/or the courts.
In that regard, I have to say that my experience and disappointment in your
responsiveness is apparently not unique. As distinguished veteran reporter Tyler
Rogoway of The Drive stated in an article in March:
"Simply put, my experience with Susan Gough has been the worst I have had with
any of the Defense Department's public affairs personnel, ever. What has
transpired, or more accurately what hasn't transpired, over the last six months
leaves me with no confidence or trust in this official representing the DoD on the
issue.
Having paid a deep personal, emotional, and professional price for your mistakes
and inaction over the last year I confess I share Tyler's feelings and
frustration. Nevertheless, I am willing to make a final effort to work with you to
correct the record in hopes of sparing the Department any additional and
unnecessary embarrassment. I hope you will reach out to those above and do so
promptly so this matter can be put to rest.
Please feel free to contact me at any time if I can be of assistance.
Sincerely,
Luis Elizondo

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 657, "chars": 4038, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Attachments:
Follow Up Flag:
Flag Status:
Categories:
Lue Abcde (b)(6)
Wednesday, June 5, 2019 3:47 PM
[(b)(6)
[Non-DoD Source] Substantiating documentation - Elizondo
Lue_Elizond_Mission_Transfer_Documentation(2).pdf
Follow up
Flagged
Red Category
ні (b)(6)
I am reaching out in a final effort to avoid seeing this unfortunate situation escalate. As a soldier and public servant
with decades of unblemished service, these false accusations are personally painful as you can well
imagine. Moreover, the clearly inaccurate information released by your office has the potential to profoundly
damage my career and with it my ability to provide for my wife and family.
In that regard, attached you will find a sample of unclassified correspondence that clearly demonstrates how active I
remained on the UAP issue right up until my departure, to include interagency coordination with the IC on this
important issue and operational collaboration with the US Navy. The transition plans referenced herein were briefed
to and approved by a senior political appointee who reported directly to General Mattis. Some of the F-18 pilots and
Navy officials can confirm multiple briefings and discussions with this individual and others, to include
Congress.
Some of these discussions and briefings actually occurred inside the SecDef's personal office
suite. That is why my emails reference "the front office."
Officials from other agencies and departments (ie DIA and CIA) attended meetings I held to coordinate activities on
this topic in support of the men and women in the US Navy, who as you know were and still are deeply perplexed
and concerned by this phenomenon. AATIP was an official program that was never shut down, when the funding
dried-up I continued to lead and interact with officials in DoD and other agencies to the best of my ability in the
interest of national security. When I departed, as is clear from my resignation letter, it was purely out of frustration
with my ability to gain additional traction and support. But I put my shoulder to the wheel all those years and worked
diligently to maintain a focus on the AATIP issue and continued to coordinate and promote collection and
analysis. Call it an "activity" vs a "program" if you will, but if this escalates it will be easy to prove how active I
remained in support of our men and women in uniform, especially in the US Navy. If some who were not privy to my
actions want to portray me as a rogue, well bad on them for sitting on their hands and doing nothing about recurring
intrusions into Us airspace and military operating areas and good on me for continuing to risk my reputation and
career in support of the US Navy and the nation. Personally, it is outrageous so many others did so little in the face
of what the Navy now publicly acknowledges is serious national security issue. The plain truth is that I did
everything I could to maintain focus and attention on this vital issue when so many others continued to sweep it
under the rug purely for fear of the stigma and possible impact on their reputations. And for that the department
wants to make me out to be the bad guy? An imposter? For showing initiative and support to the Navy and
others? For keeping this effort going as best I could -- an effort now fully vindicated by the Navy itself?
As you can well imagine, I am not only hurt and disappointed but angry. I should if anything be getting accolades for
persistence and initiative, especially since the Navy has now publicly acknowledged the seriousness of the issue,
something that only occurred because of my efforts. Instead, a knife in the back? Wow, thanks guys! If the
department wants to have this out in public we can certainly do so. I can easily establish that Neil took the meetings
referenced in these emails and that this plan was blessed by an individual who has departed but was at the time a
senior Administration appointee and directly reported to General Mattis. Do you honestly think I made up the stuff in
1

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1710, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
these emails? Really? Check Neil's calendars and you will see these meetings occurred (as well as innumerable
other meetings on my calendars).
I am providing these documents to you to afford you and the Department a final opportunity to correct the
record. Meanwhile, I am being pushed into a corner as you can well imagine and will soon be forced to engage an
attorney and respond. The oversight committees are also well aware of my role and I believe appreciative of my
efforts.
In conclusion, it seems clear to me and others that there exists an extreme miscommunication among OUSDI
staff. I truly hope we can resolve this amicably.
What a sad statement it is that instead of being rewarded for my initiative and persistence, for diligently pursuing an
issue so many others were willing to duck, some in the department are instead trying to destroy my career and
reputation by sowing disinformation. To reiterate, I was an OUSDI staff member while working with the AATIP
portfolio up until the point of my departure. This was previously verified by the DoD Press Secretary in 2017. Check
Neil's calendar and you will be able to confirm these meetings occurred -- a small sample of the total number of
meetings I was having on a weekly and near daily basis at the time.
I know that you are trying to be a fair and honest broker. I hope you will therefore take this letter in the spirit of a
former colleague merely seeking to set the record straight.
Please advise receipt of this communication if you would at your earliest convenience. I am holding off media
requests and will continue to do so until I hear from you. As you can imagine, the pressure is growing.
Sincerely and respectfully,
Lue Elizondo
N

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 174, "chars": 1142, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is an attachment to e-mail correspondence from a private citizen to a
DoD employee. The DoD cannot validate the authenticity of the material contained in
this document. Personal information has been redacted to protect the privacy of
individuals contained in the document.
Classified By*
Derived From:
Deetassity On:
Thanks Lue. I'm around next week, but then gone week of the 25th on a/l. For specific date/time, just
- I'm not allowed to muck around with my calendar... (but 1 am in the building all
work with (b)(6)
day the 20th).
Yep, have a discussion with
(b)(6) tomorrow.
Thanks
Neill
-----Original Message-----
From: Elizondo, Luis, D., Mr., OSD OUSDI
Sent: Monday, September 11, 2017 3:41 PM
To: Tipton, Neill, T., Mr., OSD OUSDI
Subject: Update
Greetings Neil,
A couple quick items for you...
1) Front office is aware that you are now part of this endeavor and they are happy with the decision.
We will plan on you meeting (b)(6)
next week.
2) How does this Wednesday look for an hour discussion?
3) Lastly, (b)(6)
(b)(6)
is a friend of the program. I believe you may be speaking with.
Just thought you should know...

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 396, "chars": 2414, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Elizondo, Luis, D., Mr., OSD OUSDI
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Tipton, Neill, T., Mr., OSD OUSDI
Friday, August 25, 2017 11:17 AM
Elizondo, Luis, D., Mr., OSD OUSDI
RE: Program Meeting
Classification. UNCLASSIFIED
==za===zza=zz≥zz:=
Thanks Lue. All good - although, at some point I need to know what this actually "is"
Thanks
Neill
-----Original Message--.
From: Elizondo, Luis, D., Mr., OSD OUSDI
Sent: Friday, August 25, 2017 10:35 AM
To: Tipton, Neill, T., Mr., OSD OUSDI
Subject: RE: Program Meeting
Classification. Ut
INTED
Neil, as discussed, thanks for your time with this. As the principal SES in your Directorate, I think you are certainly the
appropriate representative to help take our effort to a new level.
I think by now you probably already know I have been managing another "nuanced" effort within the Department for
some time. In fact, even when I worked for you years ago your probably guessed I was also working another effort for
the Department given some of our discussion and raw video.
I can't overstate how important I believe this portfolio is with respect to our collective National Security. So you are
aware, I have already laid the foundations with SECE's front office (and they support it) to transfer the portfolio under
you given your new focus on Special Projects for the Department and USD(I). The front office will also brief up the new
USD(I) once he arrives but id hesitant to brief anyone else at this point so please keep this at our level for now. Initially, I
was going to approach John Pede but when he handed over the reigns to you, I figured you would be the perfect fit.
In the coming weeks, I ask you to attend a few meetings with me at the front office in order that you can meet the rest
of the players within the building. Later, I will also introduce you to some of our partners in industry and other agencies
who are helping lead the charge. Ultimately, I will need your help analyzing and exploiting material (this was the area
(b)(6)
was particularly helpful with). I have a facility I need to show you that you will be able to use.
As always, I sincerely appreciate your help with this and look forward to working with/for you once again. I can't think
of a better guy to be involved with this.
Best,
Lue
P.S. let me know when you want to go kill some fish! I have access to an awesome 35 Trojan that is a serious fishing
machine in the Bay! I'll buy the bait!
1

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 154, "chars": 1189, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-----Original Message----
From: Tipton, Neill, T., Mr., OSD OUSDI
Sent: Wednesday, August 23, 2017 8:05 AM
To: Elizondo, Luis, D., Mr., OSD OUSDI; (b)(6)
Cc: (b)(6)
Subject: RE: Program Meeting
-flassification: UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO-
Thanks Lue.
Added (b)(6)
Thanks
Neill
to help with scheduling.
-----Original Message-----
From: Elizondo, Luis, D., Mr., OSD OUSDI
Sent: Tuesday, August 22, 2017 3:17 PM
To: (b)(6)
Cc: Tipton, Neill, T., Mr., OSD OUSDI
Subject: Program Meeting
Classification: UNCLASSIFIED//rOUe
Greetings (b)(6)
I briefly spoke to Mr. Neil Tipton (CC'd above) about our collective efforts and the interest expressed by the front office.
Upon your return, I recommend we meet with Mr. Tipton briefly in person. He is amicable for a discussion and is aware
of (b)(6)
previous portfolio. Mr. Tipton is now the Acting Director, Defense Intelligence for Technical Collection
and Special Programs.
Neil, as soon as
(b)(6)
counterpart.
returns from leave, we will schedule a quick meeting as promised. (b)(6)
is our Navy
Very Best/Very Respectfully,
Lue
-Classificati
-UNCLASSH
ED//roUe-
Classification. UNE
#FIED//FOUO-
Classification. UNCLASSIFIED
Classification, UNCLASSIFIED
2
