{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-02T08:30:36Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 33, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 846374, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/advanced-aerospace-weapon-systems-applications-program-aawsap-original-bid-solicitation-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "66b07187b8cdc9daedd2cdde1e9cb896e65c04352d1869efd4315cee1f05e9d9"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 365, "chars": 2957, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SOLICITATION/CONTRACT/ORDER FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS
Offeror to Complete Blocks 12, 17, 23, 24, & 30
2. Contract No.
|3. Award/Effective Date
14. Order Number
For Solicitati
ormation C
9. Issued By
a. Name Jennifer Sylvestre
202-231-1246
Code HHM402 10. This Acquisition is
Unrestricted
X
Set-Aside 100% for
1. Requisition Number
679/00012/08
PAGE 1 OF 32
5. Solicitation Number
6. Solicitation Issue Date
HHM402-08-R-0211
Aug. 18, 2008
b. Telephone Number (No collect calls) 8. Offer Due Date/Local Time
(202) 231-1246
Sep. 5, 2008 / 4:00 P.M. EST
11. Delivery for FOB Destination Unless
Block is Marker
12. Discount Terms
See Schedule
Virginia Contracting Activity
ATTN: AE-2
Bling ATE. B. 20505100
Small Business
HubZone Small Business
T13a. This contract is a rated order under DPAS (15 CFR 700)
8(A)
NAICS:
Size Standard:
13b. Rating
- 14. Method of Solicitation
RFQ
lIFB
X REP
15. Deliver To
Code HHP440 16. Administered By
Code
17a. Contractor/Offeror
Code
Facility Code
18a. Payment Will Be Made By
Code
Telephone No.
TIN:
17b. Check if Remittance is Different and Put Such Address in Offer.
19.
ITEM
SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES
18b. Submit Invoices to Address Shown in Block 18a Unless Box Below is
I See Addendum.
21.
QUANT UNIT
UNIT PRICE
24.
AMOUNT
SEE SCHEDULE
25. Accounting and Appropriation Data
26. Total Award Amount (For Govt. Use Only)
27a. Solicitation incorporates by reference FAR 52.212-1, 52.212-4, FAR 52.212-3 and 52.212-5 are attached. Addenda [X are are not attached
27b. Contract/Purchase Order incorporates by reference FAR 52.212-4, 52.212-5 is attached. Addenda are are not attached
28. Contractor is required to sign this document and return
copies to
29. Award of Contract: Reference.
Dated
Offer
_. Your offer on Solicitation (Block 5), including
any additions or changes which are set forth herein, is accepted as to items:
30a. Signature of Offeror/Contractor
31a. United States of America (Signature of Contracting Officer)
30b. Name and Title of Signer (Type or Print)
30c. Date Signed
[31b. Name of Contracting Officer (Type or Print)
31c. Date Signed
32a. Quantity in Column 21 Has Been
Received
Inspected
Accepted, and Conforms to the Contract, Except as Noted:
32b. Signature of Authorized Government Representative
32c. Date
[32d. Printed Name and Title of Authorized Government Representative
32e. Mailing Address of Authorized Government Representative
32f. Telephone Number of Authorized Government Representative
32g. E-mail of Authorized Government Representative
33. Ship Number
34. Voucher Number
35. Amount Verified Correct
For
36. Payment
37. Check Number
Complete
Partial
Final
Partial
Final
38. SIR Account Number
39. S/R Voucher Number
41a. I certify this account is correct and proper for payment
41b. Signature and Title of Certitying Officer
40. Paid By
41c. Date
42a. Received By (Print)
42b. Received At (Location)
42c. Date Rec'd (YY/MM/DD)
42d. Total Containers
STANDARD FORM 1449 (REV. 4/2002)

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 135, "chars": 1299, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SCHEDULE Continued
Quantity
Item No.
Supplies/Services
Contract Type: Firm Fixed Price
Base Year: 30 September 2008 - 29 September 2009
0001 Monthly Status Reports
0002 Project Management Plan for Tasks 3.a.1. - 3.a.12
0003
Research Report for Tasks 3.a.1. - 3.a.12
0004 Comprehensive Integrated Threat Assessment
0005
Travel
0006 Other Direct Costs
0007 Option Year I: 30 September 2009 - 29 September 2010
0008 Monthly Status Reports
Project Management Plan for Tasks 3.a.1. - 3.a. 12
0009 Research Report for Tasks 3.a. 1. - 3.a.12
0010 Comprehensive Integrated Threat Assessment
0011
Travel
0012 Other Direct Costs
0013
Option Year II: 30 September 2010 - 29 September 2011
0014
Monthly Status Reports
0015 Project Management Plan for Tasks 3.a.1. - 3.a.12
0016 Research Report for Tasks 3.a. 1. - 3.a.12
Comprehensive Integrated Threat Assessment
0017
Travel
0018 Other Direct Costs
0019 Option Year III: 30 September 2011 - 29 September 2012
0020 Monthly Status Reports
0021
Project Management Plan for Tasks 3.a.1. - 3.a. 12
0022 Research Report for Tasks 3.a. 1. - 3.a.12
0023 Comprehensive Integrated Threat Assessment
0024 Travel
Unit
Unit Price
Amount
12 EA
12 EA
12 EA
1
EA
1
LT
1
LT
12 EA
12 EA
12
1
1
1
EA
EA
LT
LT
12
12
12
1
1
1
EA
EA
EA
EA
LT
LT
12
12
12
1
EA
EA
EA
EA
1 LT
Page - 2

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 46, "chars": 412, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SCHEDULE Continued
Quantity
Item No.
Supplies/Services
Other Direct Costs
0025 Option Year IV: 30 September 2012 - 29 September 2013
0026 Monthly Status Reports
0027 Project Management Plan for Tasks 3.a. 1. - 3.a.12
0028 Research Report for Tasks 3.a. 1. - 3.a.12
0029 Comprehensive Integrated Threat Assessment
0030
Travel
0031 Other Direct Costs
Unit
LT
Unit Price
Amount
12 EA
12 EA
12
EA
1
EA
1
LT
Page - 3

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 408, "chars": 2911, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ADDENDUM TO 52.212-1, INSTRUCTION TO OFFERORS - COMMERCIAL ITEMS (OCT
2000)
Paragraph (e), Multiple offers, is hereby deleted from this solicitation.
Paragraph (h), Multiple awards, is hereby deleted from this solicitation.
Add to paragraph (1), Debriefing. Offerors are reminded that the Government reserves the right
to eliminate offerors from the competitive range, whereupon they may request and receive a
debriefing in accordance with FAR 15.505. The CO will notify unsuccessful offerors in the
competitive range of the source selection decision in accordance with FAR 15.506. Upon such
notification, unsuccessful offerors as well as the successful offeror may request and receive a
debriefing. Offerors desiring debriefing must make their request in accordance with the
requirements of FAR 15.505 or 15.506, as applicable.
Add paragraph (m), Preparation of Proposal.
1. This section specifies the format that offerors shall use in this Request for Proposal (RFP).
The intent is not to restrict the offerors in the manner in which they will perform their work, but
rather to ensure a certain degree of uniformity in the format of the response for evaluation
purposes.
2. The offerors's proposal, as a minimum, shall consist of past performance information,
technical proposal, price proposal, and a signed SF 1449. The offeror shall acknowledge all
amendments and complete the necessary fill-ins and certifications in provisions 52.212-3 and
return in their entirety with proposals. The Government contemplates incorporating the price
proposal and technical proposal into any resulting contract. The Government, at its discretion,
may incorporate all or portions of an offeror's proposal at contract award.
3. The offeror's proposal shall provide convincing rationale to address how the offeror intends
to meet these requirements. Offerors shall assume that the Government has no prior knowledge
of their experience and will base its evaluation on the information presented in the offeror's
proposal. The offeror is reminded that the Government reserves the right to award this effort
based on the initial proposal, as received, without discussion.
4. The proposal must include all data and information requested by the Instructions To Offerors
(ITO) and must be submitted in accordance with these instructions. The offer shall be compliant
with the requirements as stated in Statement of Objectives (SOO). Non-conformance with the
instructions provided in this section may result in offeror's proposal being determined
unacceptable.
5. The proposal shall be clear, concise, and shall include sufficient detail for effective evaluation
and for substantiating the validity of stated claims. The proposal shall not simply rephrase or
restate the Government's requirements, but rather shall provide convincing rationale to address
how the offeror intends to meet these requirements.
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 4

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2549, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6. Proposal Format and Content.
i. Paper, Page Size and Format. Page size shall be 8.5 x 11 inches. Pages shall be single-
spaced. Use at least 1 inch margins on the top, bottom and side margins.
ii. Text Spacing and Type. Except for the reproduced sections of the solicitation document,
the text size shall be no less than 12 point. Pages shall be numbered sequentially by section.
ill. Illustrations and Tables. Tables, charts, graphs, diagrams and figures shall be used
wherever practical to depict organizations, systems and layout, implementation schedules, plans,
etc. These displays shall be uncomplicated, legible and shall not exceed 8.5 x 11 inches.
Foldout pages shall not be used. For tables, charts, graphs and figures, the text shall be no
smaller than 10 point. Elaborate formats, bindings or color presentations are not required.
Elaborate brochures or documentation, binding, detailed artwork, or other embellishments are
not required and neither are they desired.
iv. Number of Copies/Page Limits. The offeror shall prepare the proposal as set forth in the
Proposal Organization Table below. "Original" proposals containing each volume shall be
clearly marked "Original" and submitted in one e-mail as one package. The "copy"
proposal containing each volume shall be clearly marked and submitted as a separate e-
mail. The "copy" shall be sanitized of all company name and information that may reveal
the identity of the offering company. Copy proposals shall not contain any illustrations,
company logo, etc and shall be submitted on plain paper. All personnel names on resumes
and past performance information relative to the offeror's identity shall also be redacted
from the "copy" version. The titles and contents of the sections shall be as defined in the table,
all of which shall be within the required page limits and with the number of copies specified.
When both sides of a sheet display printed material, it shall be counted as 2 pages. Pages
exceeding this page limitation set forth will not be read or evaluated and will be removed from
the proposal. Copy proposals not redacted properly will not be read or evaluated and will be
removed from competition. The contents of each proposal section are described as noted in the
table below.
Volume Title
/ Binder
I
Technical /
Management
Capability
Original plus # of Copies
Maximum
Page Limit
25 Pages
1 Original - Electronic Version (CD or
E-mail)
1 Redacted Copy - Electronic Version
II
Appendix:
Resumes
Relevant Past
HHM402-08-R-0211
2 Pages per
Individual
Page - 5

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 286, "chars": 2137, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and Present
Performance
Cost/Price
1 Original - Electronic Version (CD or
E-mail)
10 Pages
1 Redacted Copy - Electronic Version
(E-mail)
1 Original - Electronic Version (CD or
E-mail)
1 Redacted Copy - Electronic Version
(E-mail)
None
7. Distribution. Proposals shall be submitted by the following method:
E-mail: jennifer.sylvestre@dia.mil
8. Special Instructions.
i. Factor I - Technical Proposal Section
(A) Each page shall be affixed with the legend: "SOURCE SELECTION
INFORMATION" - See FAR 3.104.
(B) Factor - 1 Technical Capability. The Technical Capability factor consists of the
subfactors listed below. Offerors must be prepared to demonstrate their competencies in
advanced aerospace research and development. The technical plan for conducting the advanced
aerospace weapon system studies described in the SOO will be evaluated under this factor. The
focus of this program is on breakthrough technologies and applications through the year 2050
that create discontinuities in currently evolving technology trends. The focus is not on
extrapolations of current aerospace technology.
(a) Subfactor (1) Since this effort will encompass a broad range of highly technical
disciplines, personnel with extensive experience (minimum of 10 years) in breakthrough
aerospace research and development will be required to meet the demands of this program. The
offeror should clearly identify their approach to obtaining the services of and their utilization of
these scientific and technical experts. The offeror shall provide detailed resumes for proposed
personnel in order to be considered for award. Resumes shall not exceed two (2) pages per
individual.
(b) Subfactor (2) Offeror's ability to produce integrated finished assessments in each of
the SOO-designated advanced aerospace weapon system technical areas. Finished reports and
presentations, while highly analytical and technical, must be in a format suitable for
dissemination at the highest levels of the federal government. That is, in addition to the main
technical section of each assessment, an executive summary utilizing clearly understandable
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 6

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 3179, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(non-technical) language must also be contained in each report. Two examples of previous
studies or assessments shall be used to substantiate the offeror's capability to meet this
subfactor.
(C) Factor - 2 Labor Skill Sets. The Labor Skill Sets factor consists of the
subfactors listed below. Offeror must be prepared to demonstrate the technical competency of
the personnel proposed via formal education and commensurate work experience.
(a) Subfactor (1) Offeror's ability to assign technical experts to each analytical team
investigating the technical areas with a minimum of a Masters Degree (PhD strongly preferred) in
their respective fields. A minimum of 10 years of work experience in a breakthrough area of
aerospace research and development is expected. These technical experts must be able to synthesize
information obtained from experts in diverse scientific disciplines to produce credible, in-depth
analysis of advanced aerospace technological developments. At least one member of each analytical
team must have a PhD, although that member can be on several teams.
(b) Subfactor (2) Offeror's ability to provide managerial personnel who have expertise in
directing science or engineering research projects. The management personnel must include a
lead integrator to oversee the work of the various analytical teams, and to integrate their findings into
final coherent products.
(D) Factor - 3 Past/Present Performance. The Past Performance factor consists of the
subfactors listed below. The Past Performance factor will be used to determine the risk of non-
performance, defective performance, and/or late performance. To assess relevant experience,
offerors shall submit at least three (3) references, including a POC name and phone number, with a
brief description of business relationship with the Government or other corporations.
(a) Subfactor (1) Offerors should provide examples that detail their experience in advanced
research and development programs.
(b) Subfactor (2) Offerors should provide examples, conducted within the past 7 years, of
having performed, as the prime contractor, analysis, design, construction, and flight testing of high
performance aircraft and/or satellites. This subfactor is a disqualifying requirement - if the
offeror, as the prime contractor, has not conducted the design through flight testing of a high
performance aircraft and/or satellite, please do not submit a proposal as it will not be
considered for award. Success in this program is dependent upon this capability and experience.
(E) Factor - 4 Cost/Price. (i) This factor will evaluate the cost proposal to determine
price analysis and price reasonableness of the proposed total evaluated price.
(ii) An offeror's proposed price will be determined by multiplying the quantities
identified in the Price Schedule by the proposed unit price for each contract line item number
(CLIN) to confirm the extended amount for each CLIN. The base period and option years will
be totaled to determine the overall estimated price to be evaluated. All responsible offers that
conform to the solicitation requirements will be ranked according to price.
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 7

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 432, "chars": 2928, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(iii) Offerors are specifically advised that, under this evaluation method, the government
may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the prices are unbalanced between initial and each
option year. Prices are unbalanced if they are significantly overstated or understated in relation
to the actual cost of the work. This may be grounds for eliminating a proposal from competition
either on the basis that the offeror does not understand the requirement or the offeror has made
an unrealistic proposal. By signing its offer, the offeror certifies that each price stated on each
CLIN includes an appropriate apportionment of all costs, direct and indirect, overhead, and
profit. Review of the offeror price data will consist of an analysis to determine the following:
(A) Price Analysis. All cost and financial information required by the RFP and amendment (s)
there to have been submitted. One or more of the following techniques may be used to perform
price analysis.
(1) Comparison of proposed prices received in response to the solicitation.
(2) Comparison if prior proposed prices and contract prices with current proposed prices
received for the same or similar end items.
(3) Comparison with competitive published price lists, published market prices of
commodities, similar indexes, and discount or rebate arrangements.
(4) Comparison of proposed prices with Independent Government Cost Estimates
(IGCE).
(B) Price Reasonableness. Each proposal will be evaluated to determine whether the government
considers the proposed price to be reasonable. The government will evaluate price
reasonableness in relation to commercial or market price lists, IGCE, or any other information
used as a basis or comparison.
(a) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total
rice for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determin
hat an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation o
options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s).
(b) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to
the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a
binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer's specified expiration
time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are
negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award.
Add Paragraph (n), Government Contract Files, the Government will retain one copy of all
unsuccessful proposals. Unless the offeror provides written request otherwise, the Government
will destroy extra copies of such unsuccessful proposals. After contract award, unsuccessful
proposals will be destroyed except for one copy, which will be retained with the contract file.
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 8

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 518, "chars": 3663, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Add Paragraph (0), Discussions. The primary objective of discussion is to maximize the
Government's ability to obtain best value, based on the requirement and the evaluation factors
set forth in the solicitation. If discussions are necessary due to perceived weaknesses or other
issues that must be addressed before award, the Government will evaluate all offeror's proposals
in accordance with FAR 15.305(a) and establish the competitive range. Based on ratings of each
proposal against ALL evaluation criteria, the Contracting Officer will establish the competitive
range comprised of all of the most highly rated proposals. Discussions resulting from the
competitive range determination will be conducted in writing as follows:
1. Written Discussions. Written discussions will be utilized by issuing Evaluation Notices
(ENs). The Contracting Officer will issue ENs to offerors within the competitive range to
communicate those areas of his or her proposal which are considered deficient, where
weaknesses exist, or where other aspects of the offeror's proposal (such as cost, price, technical
approach, past performance and terms and conditions) are significant enough to affect the
selection decision and/or where data presented by the offeror is unclear.
2. Revision to Proposals. Any revisions to either the technical or price proposal shall have
changed information clearly marked by a vertical line in the right margin of the page.
3. Final Proposal Revision. It is our intent to award a contract based upon initial proposals
submitted without discussion. Offerors should therefore submit their best technical and
price proposal initially. If discussions are determined to be necessary, the Contracting
Officer will conduct discussions with only those offerors in the competitive range.
Offerors are cautioned that changes or revisions at the final proposal revision stage may
render a proposal unacceptable for award.
52.212-2 EVALUATION--COMMERCIAL ITEMS (JAN 1999)
(a) The Government will select the best overall offer based on the Technical Capability, Past
and Present Performance, Price and other factors considered. The Government will award a
contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer, conforming to the
solicitation, will be the most advantageous to the Government in accordance with the evaluation
criteria outlined at FAR 52.212-2 of the solicitation, entitled "Evaluation-Commercial Items.
The Government will evaluate proposals based on the following factors, listed in descending
order of importance: Technical Capability, Labor Skill Sets, Past/Present Performance and Price.
Technical capabilities, Labor Skill Sets and Past/Present Performance are more important than
price. However, the Government will not make an award at a significantly higher overall cost to
achieve slightly superior technical and management features. The government seeks to award to
the offeror who gives the greatest confidence, that will best meet or exceed the requirements
affordably. A decision on the technical acceptability of each offeror's proposal shall be made.
Only those offerors determined to be technically acceptable, either initially or as a result of
discussions, will be considered for award. A rating of unacceptability in any factor will render
the entire proposal unacceptable. The Government will determine technical acceptability as
described by the evaluation factors. In making this decision, the Source Selection Authority
(SSA) will integrate the Source Selection Team (SST) evaluations of the evaluation factors. The
following factors shall be used to evaluate offers:
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 9

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 313, "chars": 2234, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(1) EVALUATION PROCEDURES.
(i) Technical Capability and Labor Skill Set Factor and Subfactors Assessment: The
offeror's proposal shall, at a minimum, address each of the factors and subfactors, as they apply
to the Statement of Objectives (SOO). During evaluations of each proposal, the Government
will assign each factor and subfactor shown below a rating and a written narrative reflecting the
subtactor's strengths and weaknesses. The Government WILL NOT roll up subfactor ratings
into an overall rating for technical capability.
The Technical Capability and Labor Skill Set Factors and Subfactors will be evaluated and rated
according to the table below:
Rating
Excellent
Good
Satisfactory
Unsatisfactory
Table 1. Technical Evaluation Rating Scale
Description
To receive this rating, proposed offer demonstrates a thorough
understanding of the requirements; offers one or more singifican
advantages not offset by disadvantages. The Offeror has a ver
high probability of success in completing the requirements. All
factors/sub factors must have received a rating of Excellent/Low
Risk.
To receive this rating, proposed offer demonstrates a good
understanding of the requirements; offers one or more advantages
not offset by disadvantages. The Offeror has a high probability of
success in completing the requirements. All factors/sub factors
must have received a rating of a least Good/Medium Risk
To receive this rating, proposed offer demonstrates an acceptable
understanding of the requirements; any advantages are offset by
disadvantages. The Offeror has a moderate probability of success
in completing the requirements. All factor/sub factors must have
received a rating of at least Satisfactory/Medium Risk.
To receive this rating, the proposal contains major errors,
omissioins or deficiencies or an unacceptably high degree of risk in
meeting the Governments requirements; and these conditions can
not be corrected without a major rewrite or revision of the proposal.
High Performance Risk
RISK RATINGS
Likely to cause significant disruption to schedule, increased cost or
degradation of performance. Risk may be unacceptable even with
special contractor emphasis and close government monitoring.
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 10

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 300, "chars": 2284, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Rating
Moderate Performance Risk
Low Performance Risk
Neutral
Table 1. Technical Evaluation Rating Scale
Description
Can potentially cause some disruption of schedule, increased cost
or degradation of performance. Special contractor emphasis and
close Government monitoring will probably be able to overcome
Has little potential to cause disruption of schedule, increased cost or
degradation of performance. Normal contractor effort and normal
Government monitoring will probably be able to overcome
difficulties.
Insufficient relevant past performance information available.
(B) Past Performance Factor Assessment: During evaluation, the Government will
assign each proposal one of the following overall past performance confidence assessment
ratings and the definitions:
E- EXCEPTIONAL/HIGH CONFIDENCE - Based on the offeror's performance record,
essentially no doubt exists that the offeror will successfully perform the required effort.
V - VERY GOOD/SIGNIFICANT CONFIDENCE - Based on the offeror's performance record,
little doubt exists that the offeror will successfully perform the required effort.
S - SATISFACTORY/CONFIDENCE - Based on the offeror's performance record, some doubt
exists that the offeror will successfully perform the required effort.
M- MARGINAL/LITTLE CONFIDENCE - Based on the offeror's performance record,
substantial doubt exists that the offeror will successfully perform the required effort.
U - UNSATISFACTORY/NO CONFIDENCE - Based on the offeror's performance record;
extreme doubt exists that the offeror will successfully perform the required effort.
N - NEUTRAL/UNKNOWN CONFIDENCE - Unable to provide a score. No performance
record identifiable (see FAR 15.305(a)(2)(iii) and (iv).
The Government will assign ratings through an integrated analysis of those risks and strengths
the government identifies in the offeror's recent, present and relevant contract performance. The
government will place more weight and consideration on more relevant and recent past
performance information. Essentially, the past performance assessment is the Government's
confidence, based on the offeror's performance record, that the offeror will successfully perform
the required effort in accordance with the contract and its proposal.
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 11

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 469, "chars": 3247, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(iii) Price Factor Assessment: The purpose of price evaluation is to determine if the price
proposed is realistic for the work to be performed, reflects a clear understanding of the
requirements, and is consistent with the unique methods of performance and materials described
in the offeror's proposal. This factor will not receive a rating.
A. The Government seeks proposals which offer a low risk achievable approach.
Accordingly, a separate risk analysis will be conducted to evaluate the offerors
capability to successfully execute its proposal to deliver on time a product meeting
performance requirements within proposed cost requirements using the resources
identified. As a result of this evaluation, an overall risk coefficient will be assigned to
the offerors proposal. The risk coefficient will be applied to the total weighted
technical score. Risk shall be evaluated as low, medium, or high in accordance with the
following criteria:
B. Low - The offeror's proposal contains only a few minor risks, if any, for which
alternatives are specifically identified which are considered achievable with little, if
any, Government assistance. These risks will likely have little or no adverse impact on
performance, schedule, or cost.
C. Medium - The offeror's proposal contains numerous minor risks or a few major risks,
for which alternatives are generally identified which are considered achievable with
moderate Government assistance. It is likely these risks will have a moderate adverse
impact on performance, schedule, or cost.
D. High - The offeror's proposal contains numerous major risks for which alternatives are
not identified or considered unachievable without significant Government assistance.
The offeror's proposal is likely to have a major adverse impact on performance,
schedule, or cost objectives.
E. The proposed cost will be evaluated for cost realism. Cost realism pertains to the
offeror's ability to project costs which are accurate reasonable and indicate that the
offeror understands the nature of the work to be performed. A cost realism analysis
also determines if the proposed cost conforms to the offeror's Technical Volume. As a
result of its cost realism analysis, the Government may adjust, upward or downward,
proposed cost considered to be unreasonable or unrealistic. The evaluated cost, for
award purposes, shall equal the sum of: 1) the Government's evaluated cost as
determined above; 2) the proposed base fee dollars; and 3) the full amount of proposed
award fee dollars.
F.III. BASIS FOR AWARD
G. Award will be to that technically acceptable offeror whose proposal represents the best
value to the Government. Offerors are advised that the Government seeks proposals
which demonstrate the greatest technical ability at a reasonable, realistic and affordable
cost based on the evaluation factors listed above. Evaluated cost will be compared to
technical competence to determine the combination of the most probable cost and
technical proposal that is most advantageous to the Government and award will be
made on that bases. Evaluated cost shall receive less consideration than technical
competence; however, the importance of evaluated cost may become the determinative
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 12

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 63, "chars": 416, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
factor in making an award. The Government reserves the right to make an award to
other than the lowest priced offeror or to other than the offeror with the highest
technical score if the Contracting Officer determines that to do so would result in the
best value to the Government.
ATTACHMENT 1 - Statement of Objectives
ATTACHMENT 2 - DD 254
ATTACHMENT 3 - Past Performance Questionnaire
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 13

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1838, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ATTACHMENT 1
STATEMENT OF OBJECTIVES
FOR THE
ADVANCED AEROSPACE WEAPON SYSTEM APPLICATIONS PROGRAM
18 July 2008
1. BACKGROUND: The Acquisition Support Division (DWO-3) of the Defense Intelligence
Agency (DIA) has the responsibility to provide guidance and oversight to the Department of
Defense (DoD) acquisition process along with leveraging the DoD Intelligence Community to
coordinate, produce and maintain projections of the future threat environment in which U.S. air,
naval, ground, space, missile defense and information systems operate. In order to accurately
assess the foreign threat to U.S. weapon systems, a complete as possible understanding of potential
breakthrough technology applications employed in future aerospace weapon systems must be
obtained.
2. OBJECTIVE: One aspect of the future threat environment involves advanced aerospace
weapon system applications.
The objective of this program is to understand the physics and
engineering of these applications as they apply to the foreign threat out to the far term, i.e., from
now through the year 2050. Primary focus is on breakthrough technologies and applications that
create discontinuities in currently evolving technology trends. The focus is not on extrapolations
of current aerospace technology. The proposal shall describe a technical approach which
discusses how the breakthrough technologies and applications listed below would be studied
and include proposed key personnel that have experience in those areas.
3. REQUIREMENTS:
a) The contractor shall complete advanced aerospace weapon system technical studies in the
following areas:
1. lift
2. propulsion
3. control
4. power generation
5. spatial/temporal translation
6. materials
7. configuration, structure
8. signature reduction (optical, infrared,
radiofrequency, acoustic)
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 14

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 450, "chars": 3198, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9. human interface
10. human effects
11. armament (RF and DEW)
12. other peripheral areas in support of (1-11)
b) It is expected that numerous experts with extensive experience (minimum of 10 years) in
breakthrough aerospace research and development will be required to meet the demands of
the above program. The offeror should clearly identify their approach to obtaining the
services of and their utilization of these scientific and technical experts. Management
personnel must include a lead integrator to oversee the work of the various analytical teams, and to
integrate their findings into final coherent products. At least one member of each analytical team
must have a PhD, although that member can be on several teams. A technical plan for
conducting the advanced aerospace weapon system studies described above must be included
in the offeror's proposal.
(c) Offeror must be able to produce integrated finished assessments in each of the above
advanced aerospace weapon system technical areas. Finished reports and presentations,
while highly analytical and technical, must be in a format suitable for dissemination at the
highest levels of the federal government. In addition to the main technical section of each
assessment, an executive summary utilizing clearly understandable (non-technical)
language must also be contained in each report.
(d) To assess relevant experience, offerors shall submit at least three (3) references, including a
POC name and phone number, with a brief description of the business relationship with the
Government or other corporations. In addition, offerors should provide examples, conducted
within the past 7 years, of having performed, as a prime contractor, the analysis, design,
construction, and flight testing of high performance aircraft and/or satellites. Success in this
program is dependent upon this capability and experience.
4. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: The work under this contract shall be performed at the
Contractor's facility.
5. SECURITY REQUIREMENT: Contractor company and personnel proposed shall be
clearable and able to obtain a security and facility clearance upon award of the contract. All
requirements specified in this SOO may be based on materials classified at or below Top Secret with
access to Sensitive Compartmented Information (TS/ SCI). The contractor shall comply with the terms
and conditions of the DD-254 BEFORE initiating any classified effort. The contractor shall notify the
COR and Contracting Officer immediately upon the determination that higher classification
requirements exist in order to accomplish the specified requirements. The contractor shall ensure that
each individual assigned to this contract shall be identified, cleared, and approved through DIA/DAC-3
PRIOR to granting that individual access to, or authority to generate classified information in
association with this effort.
5.1. Contractor shall provide a work facility (including unclassified information systems) with a
Top Secret Facility Clearance granted by the Defense Security Service (DSS). Cleared facilities are
not required at contract inception. Offeror must provide personnel eligible for a Top Secret
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 15

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 420, "chars": 2875, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
clearance level with further eligibility for SCI access. At least two personnel cleared at the Secret
level are required at contract inception.
6. GOVERNMENT FURNISHED PROPERTY/EQUIPMENT: The Government will
provide the contractor access to computers and peripherals such as printers as the Government
deems necessary to access and produce classified information. These computers and peripherals
remain the property of the Government.
7. GOVERNMENT FURNISHED INFORMATION/DATA: (U) Data required by the
contractor to fulfill the terms of this contract shall be requested from the Government Project
Lead (GPL). A good faith effort will be made to fulfill any legitimate request (as assessed by the
GPL), however, the responsibility to collect information and data necessary for the conduct of
this effort remains with the contractor. Any classified data provided by the Government in
support of this contract will remain the property of the Government and will be returned by the
contracor upon completion of the contract or the task for which data were provided.
8. CONTRACTOR ACQUIRED / GOVERNMENT OWNED PROPERTY:
Any accountable property acquired by the contractor with government funds during the
execution of this contract shall become government owned property. The contractor shall obtain
written permission from the CO or Contracting Officer Representative (COR) prior to any
purchase of real property with government funds. The contractor shall establish and maintain an
inventory of all such property. This property must be inventoried and returned to the
government not more than 60 days after the end of the contract.
9. EQUIPMENT LEASE OR PURCHASE:
The purchase of equipment is preferred, however, it may be more advantageous to the
government to lease in certain circumstances. When it is contemplated a lease would be more
advantageous to the government, contractor shall furnish the following information to the COR
so the government can determine the best solution:
1.
Estimated length of time the equipment will be used and the extent of use within
that period
2.
Financial and operating advantages of alternative types and makes of equipment
Cumulative rental payments for the estimated period of use
4.
5.
Net purchase price
Transportation and installation costs
Maintenance and other service costs
10. TRAVEL: It is anticipated that travel will be required for this contract. The Government will
pay up to the rates specified in the government Federal Travel Regulations for travel destination.
Travel reservations will be made by the contractor and will be reimbursed for actual costs only,
with supporting documentation/receipts attached to the invoice.
11. DELIVERABLES: The contractor shall prepare the following deliverables:
a. Status Reports - monthly reports outlining accomplishments, milestones, and work in progress.
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 16

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 318, "chars": 2154, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
b. Project Management Plan - For each technical area, the team lead shall submit, at the 60 day point, an
overview paper identifying the scope of the final report; a Plan of Action and Milestones, and the composition
of the analytical team.
c. Research Reports - For each technical area, a comprehensive report and briefing forecasting potential
advancements and their impact is to be submitted to the GPL by the end of the tenth month. An executive
version of each report should also be submitted. Format will be specified by the GPL.
d. Integrated Threat Assessment - A final report and briefing that assesses the foreign threat from
advanced aerospace platforms incorporating the technologies discussed in the individual research reports will be
provided to the GPL at the end of the period of performance. An executive version of the report should also be
submitted. Format will be specified by the GPL.
e. Resumes - The Contractor shall submit resumes of all key personnel proposed for this effort.
The Government reserves the right to review resumes and qualifications prior to acceptance of
individuals for assignment.
12. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: The term of this contract shall is anticipated to be 5 years
which consists of a base year of 12 months from date of award plus four (4) 12 month option
years.
13. CONTRACT TYPE: The contract shall be firm fixed priced (FFP).
14. KEY GOVERNMENT PERSONNEL: The Contracting Officer for this contract will be
Jennifer Sylvestre, AE, (202) 231-1246. The COR and Government Project Leader will be Dr.
James T. Lacatski.
15. DEFINED TERMS:
Key personnel - defined as proposed management and lead science and engineering staff.
Contracting Officer Representative (COR) - The goverment official appointed by the contracting officer and who is
responsible for operations of the execution of the contract. The COR handles all aspects dealing with the interpretation
and deliverables of the contract.
Contracting Officer - Procurement official who holds a contracting warrant and is authorized to obligate the government
under the terms of a contract and make changes to the contract.
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 17

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 313, "chars": 2525, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
CONTRACT SECURITY CLASSIFICATION SPECIFICATION
(The requirements of the DoD Industrial Security Manual apply
to all security aspects of this effort.)
2. THE SME CONTRACT NUMBR: (X and complete as applicable)
a. PRIME CONTRACT NUMBER
(TBD)
b. SUBCONTRACT NUMBER
X
c. SOLICITATION OR OTHER NUMBER
1. CLEARANCE AND SAFEGUARDING
a. FACILITY CLEARANCE REQUIRED
TOP SECRET
b. LEVEL OF SAFEGUARDING REQUIRED
SECRET
[3. THIS SPECIFICATION IS: (X and complete as applicable)
a. ORIGINAL (Complete date in all cases)
Date (YYYYMMDD)
20080717
REVISION NO.
Date (YYYYMMDD)
Date (YYYYMMDD)
HHM402-08-R-0211
4. IS THIS A FOLLOW-ON CONTRACT?
Classified material received or generated under
DUE Date(YYYYMMDD)
YES
c. FINAL (Complete Item 5 in all cases)
X NO. If Yes, complete the following
(Preceding Contract Number) is transferred to this follow-on contrac
5. IS THIS A FINAL DD Form 254?
In response to the contractor's request dated.
6. CONTRACTOR (Include Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code)
a. NAME, ADDRESS, and ZIP CODE
I SAGE CODE
7. SUBCONTRACTOR
a. NAME, ADDRESS, AND ZIP CODE
N/A
IN CAGE CODE
c. COGNIZANT SECURITY OFFICE (Name, Address, and Zip Code)
DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE (DSS)
TBD
c. COGNIZANT SECURITY OFFICE (Name, Address, and Zip Code)
N/A
8. ACTUAL PERFORMANCE
a. LOCATION
TBD
I LAGE CODE
c. COGNIZANT SECURITY OFFICE (Name, Address, and Zip Code)
TBD
9. GENERAL IDENTIFICATION OF THIS PROCUREMENT
Advanced Aerospace Weapon System Applications
10. THIS CONTRACT WILL REQUIRE ACCESS TO:
a. COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) INFORMATION
b. RESTRICTED DATA
c. CRITICAL NUCLEAR WEAPON DESIGN INFORMATION
d. FORMERLY RESTRICTED DATA
e. INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION
(1) Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI)
(2) Non-SCI
f. SPECIAL ACCESS INFORMATION
g. NATO INFORMATION
n. FOREIGN GOVERNMENT INFORMATION
1. LIMITED DISSEMINATION INFORMATION
J. FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY INFORMATION
k. OTHER (Specify)
DD FORM 254, DEC 1999
HHM402-08-R-0211
YES
X
No
X
X
11. IN PERFORMING THIS CONTRACT, THE CONTRACTOR WILL:
* CONTRACTOR FACILITY OR OVERNMEN TOTAOTHER
b. RECEIVE CLASSIFIED DOCUMENTS ONLY
C. RECEIVE AND GENERATE CLASSIFIED MATERIAL
d. FABRICATE, MODIFY, OR STORE CLASSIFIED HARDWARE
e. PERFORM SERVICES ONLY
PUERTO RICO, US. POSSESSIONS AND TRUST TERRORS THE US
n. REQUIRE A COMSEC ACCOUNT
T. HAVE TEMPEST REQUIREMENTS
I: HAVE OPERATIONS SECURITY (OPSEC) REQUIREMENTS
k. BE AUTHORIZED TO USE THE DEFENSE COURIER SERVICE
1. OTHER (Specity)
YES
NO
X
X
X
X
X
PREVIOUS EDITION IS OBSOLETE.
Page - 18

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 3645, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12. PUBLIC RELEASE. Any information (classified or unclassified) pertaining to this contract shall not be released for public dissemination except as provided by the Industrial Security Manual
or unless it has been approved for public release by appropriate U.S. Government authority. Proposed public releases shall be submitted for approval prior to release
Direct
Through (Specify)
the Contract Monitor / Contracting Officer Representative (CM/COR): James T. Lacatski, (703) 907-0599 NO PUBLIC RELEASE OF
SCHIS AUTHORIZED. Requests for other than SCI must be approved through the CM/COR and appropriate channels prior to release.
to the Directorate for Freedom of Information and Security Review, Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense (Public Affairs)* for review.
* In the case of non-DoD User Agencies, requests for disclosure shall be submitted to that agency.
13. SECURITY GUIDANCE: The Security classification guidance needed for this classified effort is identified below. If any difficulty is encountered in applying this guidance or if any other
contributing factor indicates a need for changes in this guidance, the contractor is authorized and encouraged to provide recommended changes; to challenge the guidance or the classification assigned
to any information or material furnished or generated under this contract, and to submit any questions for interpretation of this guidance to the official identified below. Pending final decision, the
information involved shall be handled and protected at the highest level of classification assigned or recommended. (Fill in as appropriate for the classified effort. Attach, or forward under separate
correspondence, any documents/guides/extracts referenced herein. Add additional pages as needed to provide complete guidance.)
"THE CONTRACTOR WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO HAVE A TOP SECRET FACILITY CLEARANCE GRANTED BY THE
DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE (DSS) PRIOR TO CONTRACT IMPLEMENTATION. HOWEVER, IT MUST BE OBTAINED
AS SOON AS POSSIBLE DURING THE INITIAL YEAR OF THE CONTRACT."
SEE ATTACHED SECURITY ADDENDUM.
NOTE: The contractor Facility Security Officer (FSO) on file with DSS is: TBD.
If this information is not correct, the contractor must contact the DSS field office, (block 6.c) and update all contractor information as
applicable.
14. ADDITIONAL SECURITY REQUIREMENTS. Requirements, in addition to ISM requirements, are established for this contract.
(If Yes, identify the pertinent contractual clauses in the contract document itself, or provide an appropriate statement which identifies the additional requirements. Provide
a copy of the requirements to the cognizant security office. Use Item 13 if additional space is needed.)
SEE ATTACHED SECURITY ADDENDUM
Yes
No
15. INSPECTIONS. Elements of this contract are outside the inspection responsibility of the cognizant security office.
(If Yes, explain and identify specific areas or elements carved out and the activity responsible for inspections. Use Item 13 if additional space is needed.)
Yes
X No
He de. real or read are recal and dead for are ring the casied normation o be relased or generated under this
a. TYPED NAME OF CERTIFYING OFFICIAL
6. TITLE
c. TELEPHONE
CARLTON CONLEY
SECURITY OFFICER
(703) 907-1299
d. ADDRESS (Include Zip Code)
17. REQUIRED DISTRIBUTION
DIA/DAC-2A
X a. CONTRACTOR
3100 Clarendon Blvd.
b. SUBCONTRACTOR
Arlington, VA 22201-5300
_c. COGNIZANT SECURITY OFFICE FOR PRIME AND SUBCONTRACTOR
e. SIGNATURE
d. U.S. ACTIVITY RESPONSIBLE FOR OVERSEAS SECURITY ADMINISTRATION
X
e. ADMINISTRATION CONTRACTING OFFICER
f. OTHERS AS NECESSARY:
DD FORM 254 (BACK), DEC 1999
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 19

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 442, "chars": 3225, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Security Addendum
As Applied to Contract
Purchase Request No. 643/0003Z/07
Dated: 25 May 2021
The Director, DIA has exclusive security responsibility for all Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI);
classified material released to or developed under the contract and held within the Contractor SCI Facility
(SCIF). DoD 5105.21-M-1, (SCI Administrative Security Manual), DCID 6/1, DCID 6/3, DCID 6/4,
DCID 6/6, DCID 6/7, DCID 6/9, National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM), DoD
5220.22-R (Department of Defense Industrial Security Program) and will comply with all
regulations/manuals/directives stated therein which provide the necessary security & classification
guidance for personnel, information, physical, AIS, and technical security measures and is a part of the SCI
security specifications for the contract. Inquiries pertaining to SCI classification guidance determination or
interpretations shall be directed to the Contracting Officer /Contracting Officer Representative (CO/COR)
identified in paragraph (3), below.
2. Date to be completed: The base period of this contract shall be completed by 16 January 2008 or one year
from date of contract award. The User Agency SCI security office will recognize this date as the
completion date for the contract. The User Agency SCI security office will initiate action to debrief
contractor personnel with access to this contract unless extensions or modifications to the contract are
received by the User Agency SCI security office no later than 30 days after the established completion date.
The contract shall contain option years; the DD Form 254 shall be updated with a revised completion date
on an "as required" basis to reflect the Government's execution of an option year as they occur.
3. The name, telephone number, and address of the CO/COR for this contract is: Mr. James Lacatski, 703-
907-0599, Defense Intelligence Analysis Center, Building 6000, Bolling AFB, Washington, DC 20340.
4. This contract requires frequent and continuing SCI accesses.
5. Contract performance is restricted to appropriately cleared contractor facility(ies) listed in Blocks 6.a. and
8.a., DD Form 254, or listed in Block Sa.
6. This contract does require access to SCI at U.S. Government installations.
7. The private use of classified information is not permitted except in furtherance of a lawful and authorized
Government purpose.
8. If DD Form 254, Block 11f, is marked 'YES', the contractor requires access to classified information
outside the U.S., Puerto Rico, U.S. Possessions and Trust Territories in the following cities and countries:
CITY, COUNTRY.
9. SCI material associated with this contract will be separately stored and worked on only in facilities
accredited through DIA/DAC-2A, or accredited through another Government agency and properly covered
by a Co-Utilization Agreement (CUA).
* Contact DIA/DAC-2A for all SCIF related accreditation, (i.e. physical, TEMPEST) issues.
10. The contractor will establish and maintain a current access list of those employees working on the contract.
A copy of this list will be furnished to the CO/COR, supporting SCI security office, and User Agency SCI
security office.
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 20

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 574, "chars": 4015, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11. Names of contractor personnel requiring access to SCI will be submitted to the CO/COR for approval. On
written approval by the CO/COR, forms requesting Single Scope Background Investigations (SSBI) will be
prepared in accordance with the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM) and
submitted to the User Agency SCI security office.
12. All contractor personnel nominated for access to classified information, (released or generated under this
contract) must be U.S. citizens granted a final security clearance in accordance with DCID 6/4 by the
Cognizant Security Authority (CSA), have a valid need-to-know, sign a nondisclosure agreement, and
complete applicable security indoctrination's, prior to being given access. Immigrant aliens, interim-cleared
personnel, or personnel holding contractor-granted CONFIDENTIAL clearances are not eligible for access
to classified information released or generated under this contract without the express permission of the
Director, DIA.
13. Security briefings will be in accordance with the NISPOM, and/or other appropriate directives, (DoD
5105.21-M-1, DoD TS-5105.21-M-2, and DoD TS-5105.21-M-3). In all cases, the employee will be
briefed on his/her obligation to safeguard the information. The employee/contractor will be debriefed
according to the applicable regulations when the access is terminated and/or no longer has the need-to-
know.
14. As a further enhancement of security measures, for the protection of classified information, the Contractor
agrees to permit necessary polygraph interviews on Contractor personnel having access to National
Security Information (NSI) under this contract. It is understood that the polygraph interview will be limited
to counterintelligence issues.
15. The Special Security Officer/Contractor Special Security Officer, (SSO/CSSO) will maintain records, by
name and title, of all employees and authorized visitors who have access to the classified and/or
intelligence material. The SSO/CSSO will confirm that all employees/visitors are appropriately cleared
and authorized, prior to gaining access to the material.
16. The contractor will inform the CO/COR and the User Agency SCI security office at least 20 working days
in advance of any business visits that will involve the passing of access from one location to another.
(Note: Emergency exceptions will be handled on a case-by-case basis.) The CO/COR will certify need-to-
know and approve passing of clearances by User Agency SCI security offices.
17. The government activity will provide security and classification guidance for the performance of this
contract. The highest level of classification for the contract is TOP SECRET.
18. ALL MATERIALS GENERATED BY THE CONTRACTOR (including but not limited to
correspondence, drawings, models, mockups, photographs, schematics, status, progress, and special
reports) will be classified according to its own content and/or by special instructions issued by the CSA,
Contracting Officer or his/her duly appointed representative.
19. All classified information received or generated in performance of this contract is the property of the U.S.
Government and shall be safeguarded, classified, (according to the marking shown on the source material)
and returned to the U.S. Government in accordance with the DoD 5105.21-M-1 and/or other applicable
documents.
20. Special instructions and controls for the handling, processing, storing, and transmission of classified
information and material are provided in the appropriate regulations, manuals, or directive. The documents
are identified as follows: DIAM (58-Series Manuals) and DIA Desk Reference Guide to Executive Order
12958.
21. SCI with restrictive caveats will be released to the contractor only when the originator's approval has been
obtained. All other SCI may be released to the contractor on approval by the CO/COR. The contractor will
not release SCI to any personnel without prior approval from the CO/COR.
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 21

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 599, "chars": 4152, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
22. NO PUBLIC RELEASE OF SCI IS AUTHORIZED. The contractor will not make any reference to SCI
access, even unclassified acronyms, in any public publication. Requests for release for other than SCI,
(CLASSIFIED or UNCLASSIFIED) must be approved by DIA/PO-PA (Public Affairs) through the
CO/COR.
23. Any SCI released to the contractor in support of this contract remains the property of the Military
Department, agency, or organization that releases it. The contractor will maintain a record of all SCI
released to his custody and on completion or cancellation of the contract, must return all such materials in
accordance with disposition instructions of the CO/COR unless a follow-on contract specifies that the
material will be transferred to a follow-on contract or the CO/COR approves retention of the material. This
retention must be in accordance with approved procedures, to include a final DD Form 254.
24. The contractors will not release classified and/or intelligence material to any activity, employee, or other
person not directly engaged in providing under this contract unless specific written authorization for such
release is received from the CO/COR. This prohibition precludes release without written authority to
another contractor or subcontractor, Government agency, private individual, or organization.
25. Unclassified information released or generated under this contract will be restricted in its dissemination to
contractor and Government personnel involved in the contract. Release in open literature or exhibition of
such information is strictly prohibited without permission of the CO/COR.
26. Intelligence material, whether or not bearing control markings, will not be released to foreign visitors,
foreign nationals, or immigrant aliens regardless of their position or level of their security clearance, except
with the specific permission of the originating agency.
27. Electronic processing of SCI must be accomplished on equipment accredited in accordance with DoD
5105.21-M-1, DIAM 50-4, DCID 6/3, and the Joint DoDIIS Cryptologic SCI Information Systems Security
Standards.
28. The contractor will control and account for reproduced SCI related material in the same manner as pertains
to the originals. Markings will be in accordance with DoD 5105.21-(M-Series) Manuals.
29. If the contractor requires the construction of a Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF), the
contractor is required to submit a copy of DCID 6/9, Annex A, Fixed Facility Checklist (FFC), and DoD
5105.21-M-1, Appendix J, TEMPEST Addendum to the FFC, to DIA/DAC-2A for review and approval
prior to initiating construction. If the contractor possesses an accredited SCIF where the work will be
accomplished, the contractor must contact DIA/DAC-2A to determine if a Co-Utilization Agreement
(CUA) is required or other documentation is necessary. If the contractor possesses a previously accredited
SCIF, the contractor will submit the FFC and TEMPEST Addendum to the FFC to DIA/DAC-2A for
review and approval. In all cases, the SCIF must be accredited prior to the introduction of Sensitive
Compartmented Information.
30. The contractor will not make any modifications to a DIA accredited SCIF without first consulting with
DIA/DAC-2A, submitting appropriate page changes to the FFC and TEMPEST Addendum to the FFC, and
obtaining from DIA/DAC-2A, in writing, approval for such modifications. Modifications include but are
not limited to expanding or decreasing SCIF perimeter size, changes to the Intrusion Detection System,
changes to the telephone system, relocating the SCIF, installing doors, installation of any transmitter
devices (including RF alarm systems), or any other action which could affect the physical security or
Inspectable Space Determination (TEMPEST) of the SCIF. Minor modifications, such as sub-dividing a
room within a SCIF to form two rooms, may be reported after the fact.
31. Prior to any processing, the contractor will comply with obtaining and receiving Automated Information
Systems (Computer) accreditations with DIA/SY as outlined in DCID 6/3 and as may be supplemented.
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 22

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 582, "chars": 4032, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
32. The contractor will reference DoD 5105.21-M-1 for initial guidance on TEMPEST requirements. Contact
the DIA/DAC-ZA TEMPEST Team for more information regarding specific TEMPEST requirements and
Inspectable Space Determination.
33. If the contractor is required to utilize any wireless transmitter devices, to include radio frequency (RF) or
infrared (IR) to support this contract, the contractor must contact DIA/DAC-2A and identity the device(s),
the planned use purpose or scope of the devices, respond to requests for additional information concerning
such devices, and comply with TEMPEST guidelines identified by DAC-2A.
34. If the contractor is utilizing any encryption to transmit any classified information, the encryption must have
prior approval of the National Security Agency (NSA). Use of commercially available encryption is
prohibited for the transmission of any classified material.
35. The contractor will comply with DIA policy, and policy as may be revised, regarding the use of Personal
Electronic Devices (PED) within DIA accredited spaces. Should the contractor be within spaces belonging
to another agency (host), the contractor will comply with the host requirement. A PED is any electronic
device that receives, transmits, stores, processes, records audio/visual, scans, or otherwise is capable of
manipulating information in any form. A PED includes but is not limited to cellular telephones, cameras,
pocket scanners, voice recorders, pagers, and computers.
36. The contractor will reference DoD 5205.2 "DoD Operations Security Program," for guidance on operations
security (OPSEC) requirements.
37. Except in the case of an emergency, the contractor will not allow another program either SCI or collateral,
to co-utilize the SCIF without the establishment of a Co-Utilization Agreement (CUA). The CUA must be
reviewed and approved by DIA/DAC-2A prior to the introduction of the outside agency personnel or
material. In the case of an emergency, the contractor must contact DIA/DAC-2A the next duty day.
38. Transporting of SCI on commercial aircraft is only authorized by an exception waiver issued by the User
Agency Senior Intelligence Officer (SIO).
39. Classified and/or intelligence related material released to or generated by the contractor may be destroyed
locally by the contractor. Such destruction will be in accordance with the applicable regulations: DoD
5105.21-M-1, DoD TS-5105.21-M-2, and DoD TS-5105.21-M-3 or Chapter 5, Section 7, NISPOM,
utilizing destruction procedures, devices, methods, or equipment approved by the National Security
Agency.
40. By virtue of access to SCI and/or intelligence material, contractor employees may have restrictions placed
on them for foreign travel in or through designated countries or geographic areas. The contractor shall be
responsible for exercising adequate supervision to assure that employees are willing to comply with
notification requirements for anticipated and completed foreign travel.
41. The contractor is authorized direct communications with the designated CO/COR and the User Agency SCI
security office in all matters pertaining to SCI requirements. The CO/COR identified in paragraph (3),
above, will receive a copy of any correspondence, which may have an impact upon the contractor's ability
to perform under this contract.
42. On receipt of any SCI that impacts the cost of the contract, the contractor will inform the CO/COR, who, in
turn, will notify the Contracting Officer/Activity prior to expending additional funds. The User Agency
SCI security office will receive a copy of this cost modification as well.
43. The contractor is governed by DOD 5220.22-S COMSEC Supplement to the NISPOM. Access to
COMSEC material is restricted to U.S. citizens holding a final U.S. Government clearance. Such
information is not releasable to personnel holding only reciprocal clearances. The COMSEC account will
be under control of OSAGWI/MR/MD Component Security Manager. A COMSEC account is not required
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 23

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 620, "chars": 4264, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
for contractor access. The contractor will handle COMSEC keying material up to and including the TOP
SECRET/Sensitive Compartmented Information level. Work with COMSEC equipment and material will
be by direction of the government agent. Contractor must comply with DIA/SY guidelines.
44. If the contractor requires access to Restricted Data (RD), Critical Nuclear Weapons Design Information
(CNWDI), and/or Formerly Restricted Data (FRD) which is classified, controlled and protected under the
Atomic Energy Act of 1954, then the contractor personnel must have a final 'O' clearance issued by the
Department of Energy (DOE) prior to access. Additionally, DOE may require a 'O' facility clearance or
equivalent, as determined by the DOE. Additional briefings may be required as determined by DOE and
DAC-3C. Access to RD, CNWDI, and/or FRD must be coordinated through DIA/DAC-3C in conjunction
with DOE. These requirements may be in addition to other requirements outlined within this Security
Addendum.
45. If the contractor requires access to North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) information then special
briefings are required for access to NATO information, and then access to classified NATO information
requires a final U.S. Government clearance at the TOP SECRET level for this project. Access to this
information will be authorized at the location identified in Block Sa. Contractor personnel shall be
debriefed by the Government program manager prior to departure from this contract.
46. If the contractor is required access to Special Access Information, then special briefings are required for
each individual program. Access to Special Access Information requires a final U.S. Government
clearance at the TOP SECRET level or as identified by the Special Program Manager for each, appropriate,
Special Access Program. The contractor must contact the Special Access Program Manager for each
program, through the CO/COR, for authorization and access to such material.
47. If the contractor requires access to Foreign Government Information (FGI), then access to FGI requires a
final U.S. Government Facility Clearance at the level required for this contract. Access to FGI will be
granted on a case-by-case basis at the locations identified in DD 254, Block Sa. FGI will be protected,
handled, disseminated and stored as the U.S.
48. For Official Use Only (FOUO) Information will be safeguarded as specified in DoD 5400.7R "Protecting
FOUO Information" and as may be supplemented by DIA.
49. If the contractor requires use of the Defense Courier Service (DCS), then the contractor, through the
CO/COR, must contact DCS, Fort Meade, MD, to establish a DCS account.
50. Subcontracting this contract or any portion thereof of this contract requires the contractor to sponsor the
subcontractor and be approved by the CO/COR. The subcontractor must complete a separate DD 254.
Additionally the subcontractor must have a final facility clearance issued by Defense Security Service
(DSS) or other U.S. Government agency authorized to issue equivalent clearances.
51. If the contractor requires the services of the Defense Technical Information Center (DTIC), then the
contractor, through the CO/COR must submit DD Form 1540, Registration for Scientific and Technical
Information Services, and/or DD Form 2345, Military Critical Technical Data Agreement, as may be
applicable, to the address on the forms).
52. Contractors are prohibited from having access to "PROPRIEATRY INFORMATION" (abbreviated
PROPIN or PR), and "DISSEMINATION AND EXTRACTION OF INFORMATION CONTROLLED
BY ORIGINATOR (abbreviated ORCON) unless in compliance with one of the following:
A. The originating agency of the PROPIN and ORCON provides written consent to the accessing
contractor, and the accessing contractor agrees in writing with the originating agency not to divulge, use, or
otherwise release PROPIN and ORCON. The originating agency of the PROPIN and ORCON is
responsible for identifying and marking PROPIN and ORCON. The CO/COR is responsible for identifying
marked PROPIN and ORCON information within their control and initiating the request and release
documentation between the originating agency owning the PROPIN and ORCON and the accessing
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 24

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 626, "chars": 4334, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
contractor. If the originating agency of the PROPIN and ORCON fails to or denies access to the accessing
contractor, or if the accessing contractor fails to or does not agree to not to divulge, use, or otherwise
release the PROPIN and ORCON, then the CO/COR is responsible for denying PROPIN and ORCON
access until the appropriate documentation has been completed. Contractors who intentionally obtain
access to PROPIN and ORCON without the required documentation, may be subject to civil and criminal
liabilities and penalties as provided by law. US Government employees who release PROPIN and
ORCON, whether intentionally or accidentally, to unauthorized contractors, are subject to civil and
criminal liabilities and penalties as provided by law, or
B. A US Government employee (military or civilian) is on-site, when contractor access to PROPIN or
ORCON is possible or available.
53. If the contractor requires access to JWICS/INTELINK at the contractor site, the contractor must establish a
COMSEC account with NSA prior to installation. The contractor through the CO/COR, must submit a
concept of operations to JWICS PMO and SYS-4 for review and approval prior to installation and
connectivity. DIA retains full responsibility for the secure operation of the connectivity, and protection of
classified material on the system. The CO/COR will ensure that the concept of operations includes how
access to all Proprietary Information (PROPIN), ORCON, GAMMA, Law Enforcement Sensitive (LES),
and other special program materials are secured to preclude contractor access to this material. See
Paragraph 52, above.
54. Contractors who have TOP SECRET/SCI access may have unescorted access to a government facility,
including Government Owned Contractor Operated (GOCO) facilities, and may be permitted to work alone
inside the facility without the requirement for the presence of a U.S. Government employed representative
provided all PROPIN, ORCON, GAMMA, SIOP, CNWDI, Law Enforcement Sensitive (LES) and other
special program materials are secured to preclude contractor access to this material, or as outlined in
Paragraph 52, above.
55. The contractor is governed by DCID 6/4, 'Personnel Security Standards and Procedures Governing
Eligibility for Access to Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI)' and as may be supplemented by
DIA. Although contractor personnel may be eligible for access to SCI or currently possess an SCI
personnel security clearance with another non-DIA agency, contractor personnel performing on this
contract must be adjudicated by DIA/DAC-3 prior to having access to SCI information retained by DIA,
unescorted access to DIA spaces, and receipt of a DIA issued contractor badge. The contractor will
identify in writing, contractor personnel assigned to this contract by NAME, SSN, Date of Birth and Place
of Birth, and provide this documentation to the CO/COR identified in paragraph 3, above. The CO/COR
will forward a copy of this documentation to DIA/DAC-3 for adjudication. This documentation will be
marked and protected under the Privacy Act of 1974.
56. The contractor must comply with Foreign Ownership, Control or Influence (FOCI) restrictions and
notifications as outlined in the NISPOM.
57. If the contractor identified in DD 254, Block a, Block 7a or Block Sa is identified as a being under FOCI
by Defense Security Service (DSS), a favorable National Interest Determination (NID) must be completed
as outlined within the NISPOM prior to the contractor being awarded the contract and having access to
PROSCRIBED INFORMATION, PROSCRIBED INFORMATION includes COMSEC, Sensitive
Compartmented Information, Critical Nuclear Weapons Design Information, Restricted Data, Formerly
Restricted Data, TOP SECRET, Special Access Programs, other classified information, and other
Executive Branch Departments and Agencies for classified information under the cognizance of such.
58. The contractor must have a FINAL TOP SECRET FACILITY CLEARANCE prior to having access to
BYE and HCS Sensitive Compartmented Information, and to RESTRICTED DATA, CRITICAL
NUCLEAR WEAPONS DESIGN INFORMATION.
59. The contractor must have a valid need-to-know as determined by the CO/COR prior to having access to
LAW ENFORCEMENT SENSITIVE (LES) information. A facility clearance is not required.
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 25

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 254, "chars": 1752, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
60. The contractor may introduce but is not authorized to activate or use any wireless transmission devices
within any DIA facilities or any DIA accredited facilities without first receiving written permission from
DAC-2A. Military Departments, Major Commands, Combatant Commands, Senior Intelligence Officers,
and local Special Security Officers or Contractor Special Security Officers may require more stringent
standards which must be complied with. If the contractor is located within another agency's facility or
accredited facility, the contractor will comply with the other agency's policies regarding the introduction,
activation or use of any such device. The Director, National Intelligence (DNI) may by policy, directive or
other means, bar the introduction of any wireless transmission device into any SCIF area after the date of
this contract. Should this occur the DNI policy will automatically supercede this paragraph and if the
wireless device is still required to be introduced into the SCIF area, justification and a waiver request must
be submitted to DAC-2A for a determination.
61. Contractors who anticipate a change of name and/or ownership, must notify the CO/COR in writing upon
consideration of the proposed change. Changes may affect facility clearances which may affect
continuance of the contract.
62. A security review of this DD Form 254 is required during the different stages of the contract or any
revision of this contract. The CO/COR will provide the contractor with applicable changes in security
requirements) by issuing a revised DD Form 254.
NOTE: CONTRACTORS, PLEASE GO THROUGH YOUR CONTRACT MONITOR/CONTRACTING
OFFICER REPRESENTATIVE (CO/COR) PRIOR TO CONTACTING THE OFFICES BELOW.
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 26

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 118, "chars": 1009, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ATTACHMENT 3: PAST PERFORMANCE QUESTIONNAIRE
SECTION A: Contractor Information (to be completed by the contractor prior to mailing or faxing to respondent)
1. Contractor's Title, Name and Address:
2. Point of Contact:
3. Phone Number( with area code:
4. Contract Number:
5. Description / Explanation of contract services provided:
SECTION B: Respondent Information: (To be completed by Respondent, i.e., Commercial Sector or Government)
1. Respondent's Title, Name and Address:
2. Phone Number (with area code:
3. Contract Specifics:
a. Contract Number:
b. Contract Type:
: • Firm-Fixed-Price
•Indefinite Quantity/Task Order • Cost-Rebursement
c. Start Date / End Date:
d. Original Contract Amount:
e. Current Contract Value:
f. Estimated Value at Completion:
Please fax or e-mail the completed and signed questionnaire ASAP to:
Virginia Contracting Activity
ATTN: Jennifer Sylvestre, Contracting Officer
Phone: (202) 231-1246
Fax: (202) 231-2831
E-mail: jennifer.sylvestre@dia.mil
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 27

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 367, "chars": 2807, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ADVANCED AEROSPACE WEAPON SYSTEM APPLICATIONS PROGRAM
PAST PERFORMANCE EVALUATION OFFEROR'S REFERENCE QUESTIONNAIRE
1. Complete this questionnaire using the grading system explained below. Your assessment should only consider
performance for which the contractor is responsible and accountable. Each offeror shall be assigned one the
following ratings:
EXCEPTIONAL/HIGH CONFIDENCE - Performance meets contractual requirements and exceeds many
(requirements) to the Government's benefit. The contractual performance of the element being assessed was
accomplished with few minor problems for which corrective actions taken by the contractor were highly effective.
VERY GOOD/SIGNIFICANT CONFIDENCE - Performance meets contractual requirements and exceeds
some (requirements) to the Government's benefit. The contractual performance of the element being assessed was
accomplished with some minor problems for which corrective actions taken by the contractor were effective.
SATISFACTORY/CONFIDENCE - Performance meets contractual requirements. The contractual
performance of the element being assessed contains some minor problems for which corrective actions taken by the
contractor appear or were satisfactory.
M MARGINAL/LITTLE CONFIDENCE - Performance does not meet some contractual requirements. The
contractual performance of the element being assessed reflects a serious problem for which the contractor has not
yet identified corrective actions or the contractor's proposed actions appear only marginally effective or were not
fully implemented.
UNSATISFACTORY/NO CONFIDENCE - Performance does not meet most contractual requirements and
recovery is not likely in a timely manner. The contractual performance of the element being assessed contains
serious problems) for which the contractor's corrective actions appear or were ineffective.
N
NOT APPLICABLE/UNKNOWN CONFIDENCE - Unable to provide a score. Performance in this area
not applicable to effort assessed.
2. Please circle the rating, the appropriate letter, for each item on the questionnaire, which most accurately describes
the contractor's performance. Provide frank, concise comments or supporting narrative explanations in the spaces
provided. When responding to the descriptive statements, select the answer which most accurately describes the
contractor's performance or situation. You may use the back of the questionnaire if additional space is needed. If
more space is required, continue on the back of this form.
PAST PERFORMANCE QUESTIONS:
a. Quality of services received were satisfactory. Any dissatisfaction, please explain.
E
V
S
M
U
N
b. Contractor met established work schedules to complete all performance requirements. Yes/No What were the
causes of any schedule variances? (explain)?
E
V
S
M
U
N
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 28

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 80, "chars": 625, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
c. Was money deducted for services not received? If yes, please explain
d. Has the necessary experience and knowledge of the training and training evaluation support industry? (Yes/No)
Explain any negative comments.
e. Has the necessary manpower to perform during the initial start-up period and has performed in an efficient and
timely manner.
E
V
S
M
U
N
f. Provided the necessary manpower to perform.
E
V
S
M
U
N
h. Adequately complied with all Federal and mandated environmental/hazard requirements.
E
V
S
M
U
N
i. Provided all reports required by your contract in a timely manner.
E
V
S
M
U
N
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 29

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 71, "chars": 612, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
j. Identifed problems in advance and when necessary, took positive and effective corrective actions.
E
V
S
M
U
N
k. Offeror provided effective Quality Control/Inspection procedure
E
V
S
M
U
N
1. Offeror has a history of recurring problems? (Yes/No) If yes, please explan.
m. Met terms of the contract and within the contractual price.
E
V
S
M
U
N
n. Responded timely and professionally to your needs in performing emergencies responses.
E
V
S
M
U
N
o. Responsive to the quality program by identifying, correcting, and preventing initial and recurring contract
discrepancies.
V
S
M
U
N
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 30

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 84, "chars": 669, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
p. How well did the contractor safeguard, track and account for Government Furnished Property?
E
V
S
M
U
N
q. List the contractor's documented strength in performing the contract requirements an rate them.
r. List the contractor's top documented weaknesses in performing the contract requirements and rate them.
E
V
S
M
U
N
s. Is there any indications that the contractor has financial concerns that would jeopardize contract performance? (If
YES, please explain in "Remarks" section)
E
V
S
M
U
N
t. Does the contract manager have sufficient authority to make decisions and take actions necessary to
ensure services were performed?
E
V
M
U
N
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 31

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 100, "chars": 694, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
u. Were there any problems with employees or subcontractors payments? Yes/No Explain any negative
response.
v. Submit changes to the schedule due to manning shortages or broken equipment.
E
V
S
M
U
N
w. Any replacement in contract managers during the duration of the contract period of performance? Yes/
No If yes, please explain.
x. Was it ever elected not to exercise an option due to the contractor's poor performance? Yes/No If yes,
please explain.
y. Any reservations in awarding another contract to the offeror? Yes/No If yes, please explain.
7. Select one rating which most accurately describes the contractors' overall performance on your contract.
E
V
M
U
N
HHM402-08-R-0211
Page - 32
