{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-02T08:34:11Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 880914, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/aeroflot-s-aerospace-research-from-pilot-fatigue-to-ufo-phenomena-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "803348ed17ad2c0abcaf16509fdb0b7098abeb59e86d079a131ec8cc50095e54"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 173, "chars": 1300, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Central Intelligence Agency
Washington, D.C. 20505
22 November 2021
John Greenewald, Jr.
27305 W. Live Oak Road
Suite #1203
Castaic, CA 91384
john@greenewald.com
Reference: EOM-2019-00293
Dear Requester:
This letter is a final response to your 24 January 2019 Mandatory Declassification Review request
referenced above and submitted under Executive Order 13526 (hereafter, "the Order") for:
• (DELETED) UFO PHENOMENA (DELETED) Document Number (FOIA) /ESDN (CREST):
0000015274
We completed a thorough search for records responsive to your request and located the enclosed
document which we previously released in segregable form with deletions as marked on the basis of
Sections 3.3(b)(1) and 6.2(d) of the Order.
As the CIA Information and Privacy Coordinator, 1 am the CIA official responsible for this determination.
You have the right to appeal this response to the Agency Release Panel within 90 days from the date of
this letter. Please explain the basis for your appeal. You may address appellate correspondence to:
Information and Privacy Coordinator
Central Intelligence Agency
Washington, DC 20505
If you have any questions regarding this response, you may seek assistance by calling this office at 703-
613-1287.
Sincerely,
Man till
Mark Lilly
Information and Privacy Coordinator
Enclosure

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 343, "chars": 2579, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*
Approved for Release: 2021/08/25 C06897285?
C-O-N-F-ID-E-N-I-I-A-L
Domestic Collection Division
Forcign Intelligence Information Report
-
DIRECTORATE OF
OPERATIONS
COUNTRY
USSR
DCO REPORT NO.
SUBJECT
Combating Facigue In Crewmembers/
DATE DISTR.
Aeroflot Work Cycles/Use of Drugs/
Biological Effects of Aircraft Noise/ NO. PAGES
Radiation Research/UFO Phenomena/
Protntype Pilot Biological Isychomotor REFERENCES
Testing Equipment/Celestial Navigation/
Near Vision Testing
DATE OF INFO.
THIS IS UNEVALUATEO INFORMATION
00-3-321/33474-76
10 November 1976
4
SOURCE
6.2(d)
6.2(d)
3.3(b) (1)
6.2(d)
-3.3(b) (1)
6.2(d)
SUMMARY: Aeroflot officials are actively Involved in aerospace
nedical research.
They are concerned with the medical aspects
of physical conditioning which Lapinge upon crewnember perfor-n-
ance and have perfected several devices which tesi pilot bio-
logical functioning and motor response ability. Di Inal
Georgiyevich Akoyev, a noted radiation biologist explained cosmic
"see" flashes of light during night flying.
*ge paredcles (phosphenes) which are eust de fu Pilots els
cuberneticist, at the Civil Avlation Institute of Leningrad showed
prototype pilot biological psychomotor testing equip-
rent which neasures blood pressure, pulse rate, cardiovascular
function and motor ability.
The equipment is automatic and test-
Ing Is coupleted in approximately three minutes.
6.2 (d)
3.5(D)(1)
6.2(d)
5
1. The Soviets deal with crewmember fatigue In several ways.
First,
they
emphasize and promote physical conditioning. If a crewnember 1s physically
fit, he will be less prone to fatigue and will recover sooner after
tiring flights.
Aeroflot provides exercise facilities at all major alr..
ports, and these facilities are supervised by a well known athlete.
The
second thing they do is to thoroughly test each crewaember prior to flight
to insure his physical fitneas and mental alertness.
At the present täme,
these tests are conducted by a medical lean headed by a doctor, usualiy a
woman. A crevnember 1a not allowed to fly if he falls the examination.:'
These tests are now being automated and wIll take only 1-3 minutes when the
prototype equipment becones operational. Finally, there is a third approach
Aeroflot Is using--a prophy actorium.
Each major airport has one, a 3 to
4 story bullding ser off iron the main airport buildings, but easily acces-
sible by foot.
These facilitles are well landscaped and
are designed to provide
total rest and relaxation for transient crevnembers.
They have a large kitchen
Approved for Release: 2021/08/25 C06897285/

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 587, "chars": 3739, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ipprovéd for Release: 2021/08/25 C06897285J
1 006-324/35474-7
!:!2!:
which caters to special orders, a recreation area on each floor with ping
pong, bllliards and card tables, and an individual room for each crew-
member.
Each floor is supervised by a lady who insures that the crew-
members are not disturbed if they wish to rest or sleep in their rooms.
The crewmembers may sleep when they want (the rooms can be "blacked out"
with heavy curtains), eat when they want, and enjoy complete peace and
quiet. They neither drink líquor nor engage in "raucous" activities.
These facilities are free for crewmembers.
2. The Soviers also minimize crewuember fatigue by work cycle management.
By and large, they are horrified by work cycles in US civil aviation.
Their crewmembers normally have 24 hours of post-flight crew rest, although
there are a few instances where a crew can only rest 10 or 12 hours before
resuning flight duty, e8, in a foreign city.
They are very sensitive to
fatigue and have an excess of manpower to counter this problem. The crews
also use the prophylactorium for pre-departure crew rest.
3.
The Soviets do not approve of the use of drugs to conbat fatigue.
discourage their use, and numerous articles on this subject are published
magazine "Civil Aviation." Crewmembers are enjoined against self-
medication and instructed to see the doctor for medical problens.
4. Aeroflot officials are very worried about aircraft noise. Their aircraft
engines generate noise levels comparable to US engines 15 years ago. All
three airports
in Moscow, Kiev and Leningrad.
Comment: When an aliplane taxis up to
were extremely no1sy.. ..--3.3(b)(1)
one can calk normally; they scream at each other to be heard. The compressa6.2(d)
whine in the front of the engine is deafening, and the stream of hot exhaust
air rumbles. They have not quieted their engines as we have.
I also did
not observe any ground servicing personnel wearing ear protection, although
6.2 (d)
they could have been wearing snall ear plugs.
The noise level was so high
that ground personnel did not approach the aircraft until after it parked
and shutdown.)
5.
They have a
device which their supersonic pilots wear to keep track of their total
Fadiation exposure, Aeroflot pllots are now seeing little flashes of light
In their retinas such as the US astronauts experienced, though they do not
see them as frequently.
Comment: The phenomenon Is a
3.3(b) (1)
subjective sensation of a flash of light which you get when you dark adapt 6.2(d)
under dark conditions.
Otherwise, the norwal light attenuates it.
a distinctive flash of light in the retina due to a heavy cosmic ray
particle (phosphene) going through the cells of the retina and putting off
enough radiation to excite these cells.
There are two theories: one, that
It goes through and does not damage the cells, and the other one, accepted
by the Soviets, that It kills a few cells each time it goes through.
Inal Georgiyevich Akoyex, one of the Soviet Union's forenost radlation
biologists, made the presentation. He said that theit pilots are now
seeing the flashes of 11ght, particularly on dark adapted arctic-type flight
He explained that the rucleus
ized
of an aton is charged because it Is rot neutral
by electrons.
retinal cells is exceeded;
the retinal cells damaged by this energy
put off a discharge which 1s carried through the optic nerve to the brain.
. The brain does not know what Is going on; all it knows 1s that previously
when that cell went off, It was Interpreted as a certain amount of light,
but the brain sees an exceptional load, a flash. I think this 1s of
significance, especially since they are recording them in their pilots.)
...
Approved for Release: 2021/08/25 C06897285

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 613, "chars": 4074, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
_Approved for Release: 2021/08/25 C0689728534 74-76
3
:
6. Di AKeyey
asked for
persond, opinion
o! che UFO phernmener:.
He was told
that 99 percent of these occurrences were
traceable
to either nacural or man-made phenomena such as celestial moveinent, sir-
crait or artificial sniellites,
and that the ocher one percent cannot be
expiained- possibly an hallucination.
Akoyer then asked.
"Do you think
it is passible.. could chero be somailing coming from outer space?"
7. Dr linui
Akutin, i cybernecicist at the Civil Aviation Insticute of
Leningrad. has developed
several prototypes of pilot lesting equipment.
The cqu:: "ent is planned
to replace most of the current duries of medical
who examine piloes prior to flight.
The automatic devices will
be installed in ali airport flicht operations facilities.
assoriates remonseraced
a set of instruments which automat-
irally mure a pilud's blood pressure and pulse rare, record his cardio-
vascula: ::accioning
with a: electri inidiogram, und test hi; motor reaction
8. The device is
activated by Inserting a small metallic plate into the
testing
The plate, one of which is carried by each crewmember,
contains a blological baseline on that particular individual.
His normal
blood pressure, pulse rare, electrocardiogram, and aotor ability are coded
into the metal plate.
This plate is updated annually, or more often if
required. After rue plate is inserted into the machine, the pilot places
the midole finger ol each hand into two little holes and rests nis wrists
on two smail netal plates on a table. Smali, automatic pneumatic cups
close around the
fingers and Inflate. The machine then measures the blood
pressure and pulse rate by comparing the two fingers, computing a mean, and
then comparing the result with, the encoded information on the pilot's plate.
The systolic and diastolic blood pressure and pulse rate are then displaye
on the face of the machine in an electronic digital fora.
At the same tire
the machine automatically administers an electrocardiogram
"across the
heart" and displays this on a cathode-ray tube.
If any of these vaiues a-ti
outside the normal standard for that particular Individual, a light illui...
rates and further examination is required by a medical doctor. If no ligril
Illuminates, the pilot is passed.
9. The pilot then faces a panel of red and green colored lights. On the panci
are green and red colored
The lights begin to Illuminate in a
randon fashion, with the pilot being required to press the corresponding
color button Immediately to extinguish the colored light.
This test
continues for approximately 20-30 seconds, during which the lights flash
In a random sequence.
At the end of the
testing perlod, the machine scores
the pilot's perforuance and digitally displays his score in the number of
correct and wrong responses. If he scores as high or higher than his
standard, he Is passed; If his score 1s lower, a light Illuminates and
further examinacion is required by a medical doctor.
There are three
separate programs which are randomly selected, making it impossible to
memorize the sequence of the lights.
I0. Finally, the pilot 1s seated before a mintature cockpit with & control
stick and an attitude Indicator..
The control stick must be moved to keep
the attitude Indicator (artIficial horIzon) straight and level. The
Indicator pliches up and down and from side to aide and very closely dupli-
cates actual instrument flying conditions.
The control stick also
closely approximated
necessary pflot skills.. At the end of this test,
che score is again displayed and, depending upon his standard, a pilot passes
oI falis.
The entire sequence of testing, from 'taking blood pressure to
• the control stick evaluation, takes approximately three minutes.
If a
pilot passes all phases,
his personal profile place along with a certiii-
cate card is returned to him.
He must present the certificate card to
the flight dispatcher before he is allowed to board the aircraft.
Approved for Release: 2021/08/25 C06897285
?
3.3(b) (1)
6.2(d)
1
3.3(b) (1)
6.2(d)
6.2(d)

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 252, "chars": 1709, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Approved for Release: 2021/08/25 C06897285
C-O-N-F-I-D-E-N-T-I-^-L
008-321/33474-76
4
12.
The Soviets administered the testing precedure
3.3(b) (1)!
"standard" biological profile for his age Rroup
who is als6.2(d)
a pilor. was impressed by the pre-flight
"biological/psychomoter" restine system
observing that the red and green light test was very difficult and required grea
He stated that he felt that a dilot who was excessivelv tired or
"hung over" would fail this test.
also found
dIfficult to "beat" the control stick procedure and observed that this te 6.2(d)
3.3(b) (1)
would probably also Identify pilots whose motor ability was degtaded.
An associate who has not flown with consistency lil several years failed
several phases of the pre-flight iest.
The Soviets
emphasize celestial navigaiion and nighi flying operations
because of the lack of navigational radio aids, and the vast un-
Inhabited regions of Siberia.
Every Aeroflot flight carries navigar.ors
who are highly proficient in celestial navigation.
In order to test a
crewnember's night vision, Akutin and his associates have developed a
device which is
similar to an old stereoscopic
viewer. This device is placed over the eyes, and approximately 15 seconds
Is given to the subject to "dark adapt." Light is then slowly Increased
on a small chart containing broken rings. The crewuember being tested
must be able to start distinguishing the break on the rings which become
smaller and sualler as the light incieases.
If he is able to distinguish
within the prescribed period, he passes the test. If not, he fails and
Is not allowed to fly at night until his night vision improves.
-c'ad-
6.2(d)
Approved for Release: 2021/08/25 C06897285
