{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-02T09:13:58Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4986722, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/air-force-regulation-200-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "cd735cfeae8572a5288b6de2a5dcb60172e31c9be9ab41dfaafa8f6d23170018"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 552, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DECLASSIFICATION EFFORTS AND RESEARCH OF:
THE BLACK VAULT
THE BLACK VAULT IS THE LARGEST ONLINE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT/ GOVERNMENT
RECORD CLEARING HOUSE IN THE WORLD. THE RESEARCH EFFORTS HERE ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DECLASSIFICATION OF THOUSANDS OF DOCUMENTS THROUGHOUT THE U.S. GOVERNMENT,
AND ALL CAN BE DOWNLOADED BY VISITING:
HTTP://WWW.BLACKVAULT.COM
YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO FORWARD THIS DOCUMENT TO YOUR FRIENDS, BUT
PLEASE KEEP THIS IDENTIFYING IMAGE AT THE TOP OF THE
PDF SO OTHERS CAN DOWNLOAD MORE!

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 94, "chars": 728, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MANT OF
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
AIR INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
50
ASSARMANY
4 October 1996
MEMORANDUM FOR HQ USAF/INXX
1700 Air Force Pentagon
Washington DC 20330-1700
FROM: NAIC/CV
4180 Watson Way
Wright-Patterson AFB OH 45433-5648
SUBJECT: Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Request NAIC Case #I-NAIC-96-114
1. This is in response to your letter dated 13 Sep 96 requesting that NAIC review
AFR 200-2 for public release. After reviewing the document, it was determined that it is
releasable.
2. If you have any questions please contact TSgt Gery Huelseman at DSN 787-6284 o
513-257-6284.
7.77
LARRY D. DANIEL, Colonel, USAF
Viçe Commander
Attachments
1. AFR 200-2, 20 Jul 62
2. Administrative Documents
"Freedom Through Vigilance"

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 402, "chars": 2946, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
07/31/1997 10:12
AIR FORCE REGULATION
NO. 200-2
3349535103
AIR UNIV LIBRARY ILL
RETURN TO
AFR 200-2
AUTHORITY SECTION
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
A. U.UGAAY
Washington, 20 July 1962
MAX Entelligence Arlivities
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
PAGE 02
< з
This regulation establishes the UFO Program to investigate and analyze UFO's over the Unite
Stales. Such investigation and analysis are directly related 10 Air Force responsibility for the
defense of the United States. The UFO Program provides for the prompt reporting and rapid
identification needed for successful "identificalion," which is the second of the four phases
of air defense-
detection, identification, interception, and destruction. All commanders will
comply strictly with this regulation.
SECTION A-GENERAL
Paragraph
Explanation of Terms
Objectives.
Responsibilities.
Guidance..
Reporting UFO Information
SECTION B-PUBLIC RELATIONS, INFORMATION, CONTACTS, AND RELEASES
Maintaining Public Relations.
Releasing Information.
Exceptions-
Release by Non-Air Force Sources.
Contacts.
1
2
0O$LO
10
SECTION C-PREPARING AND SUBMITTING REPORTS
General Information.
Methods for Transmitting Reports
Where To Submit Reporta.
Basic Reporting Data and Format.
Negative or Inapplicable Data.-
Comments of Preparing Officer.
Classification -
Reporting Physical Evidence-
17
18
SECTION A-GENERAL
1. Explanation of Terma. To insure proper and
uniform usage in UFO screenings, investigations,
and reportings, an explanation of the objects
follows:
g. Familiar or known objects:
(1) Aireratt, balloons, Kites, birds, search-
lights, astronomical bodies (meteors, planets,
stare, comets), pilotless aircraft,
missiles,
lites in orbit, and others identified by the ob-
server as normal appearing objects.
(2) Flying objects determined to be air-
craft. These generally appear as a result of ADIZ
violations and often prompt the UFO reports
for reports of "unknown" aircraft, which should
not be reported as UFO's under this regulation.
(3). Aircraft fares, jct exhausts, condensa-
tion trails, blinking or steady lights observed at
night, lights circling or near airports and air-
ways, and other phenomena or objects known
to be emanating from, or to be indications of,
aircraft. Theso should not be reported under
this regulation, las they do not fall within the
definition of a UFO
b. Unidentified Flying Objects Any
acrial
phenomena, airborne object or objects which are
unknown or appear out of the ordinary to the
observer because of performance, aerodynamic
characteristics, or unusual features.
submitted by the general public. They are read-
ily identifiable as, or known to be, aircraft, but
4. Objectives. All Force unterest in UFO's is
nein type pr Defense Command is reston are
three-fold.
First, as a possible threat to the se-
curity of the United States and its forces; sec-
This regulation supersedes AFR 200-2, 14 September 1959, as amended.
OPI: AFCIN
DISTRIBUTION: S
150
& WA

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 686, "chars": 4648, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
07/31/1997
10:12
3349535103
03
STR AT LIBRARY IL PAGE 93
AFR 200-2
ond, to determine the termienl or srintific char-
ducteristies of any such C'FO's: thind. to xplain
or identify all CFO sightings as described in
paragraph 1b,
i. Air Defense. The great majority of fring
objects reported have been conventional, famil-
iar things of no great threat to the securit! of
the United States and its possessions. However
since the possibility exiets that FO's reported
may be hostile or new foreign air vehicles of
unconventional design, it is imperative to report
rapidly, factually, and
as completely
as possible.
b.
Technical and Scientific. The Air Force will
continue to collect and analyze reports of CFO's
until
all
are
eciencificall!
or technically ex-
full potential of the sight-
his hosting sto
ingy hos been exploited. In performing this task
the following factors are of great importance:
(1) To measure scientific advances, the Air
Force must have the latest experimental and de-
relopinental information on
new or unique air
rehicles or weapons.
(2) The possibility
exists that foreign
countries may develop
sir relicles of revoln-
tionary configuration or propulsion,
(3) There is need for further scientific
knowledge in such fielde as geophysics, astron-
omy, and physics of the upper atmosphere which
the
study
and
analyels
acrial phenomena may provide.
(4) The reporting of all pertinent factors
will have a direct bearing on scientific analyses
and conclusions of CFO sightings.
Reduction of Percentage of C'FO "liniden-
tifiers." Air Force activities must reduce the per-
centage of unidentifieds to the minimum. Analy-
eis thus far has explained all but a few of the
nightings reported. These unexplained sightings
are corried statistically us unidentifieds. If moro
immediate, detailed, objertive
data on the un-
knowns had been available, probably these, too
could have been explained. Howerer, because of
the human factors involved, and the fact that
analyses of UFO sightings depend primarily on
the personal impressions and interpretations of
the observers rather than on accurate scientific
data or facts
obtained under controlled
tions, the chimination of all unidentifieds is im-
probable.
3. Responsibilities:
a. Reporting. Base commanders will report all
information and oridence of UFO sightings, in-
cluding information and evidence reccived from
other services. Government agencies, and civil-
ian sotrees.
Ircstigators are authorized to
tunke telephone calls from the investigation arca
direet
10
the
Foreign
Technology
Division
iFTDi. of the Air Force Systems Command
Wright-Pattereon Air Forec Base, Ohio (CIcar-
water 3-7111, ext. 69216/66378). The purpose of
the calls le to report high priority findings. (Sec
b. Investigation. The commander of the Air
Force base nearest the location of the reporteri
UFO sighting will conduet all investigative ac-
tion necessary to submit a complete initial report
of a UFO sighting
The initial investigation will
inelude every chort to resolve the sighting.
Air Force base other than that closest to the
*cene of a reported UFO sighting will refer the
sighting immediately to the commander of the
nearest Air Force base for appropriate action.
(See paragraph 5)
c. Analysis. The Air Force Systems Command
Foreign
Technology Division will analyze and
evaluate:
(1! Information
and
evidence
reported
within the United Statcs after the investigators
of the responsible Air Force base nearest the
sighting have exhausted their efforts to identify
the UFO.
(2) Information and evidence collected in
oversea areas.
EXCEPTION: The AFSC (FTD), independ-
ently or
in
partieipation
with pertinent Air
Force activities, may conduct any additional
investigations necessary to further or conclude
its analyses or findings.
d. Findings. AFSC (FTD) will prepare a final
report on each sighting after collection and anal-
ysis of data,
and will forward a copy of the re-
port to HQ USAF (AFCIN).
e. Public Relations and Information Services.
The Office of Information, Office of the Secretary
of the Air Force, will be responsible
Irasing information
on sightings, and, in coordi-
with AFSC (PTD), answering
spondence from the public regarding UFO's. (Sec
paragraphs 7 and 8.)
f. Congressional Inquiries. The Office of Leg-
islative Liaison will:
(1) In coordination with the AFSC (FTD)
and/or the Office of Information, when neces-
sary,
answer all congressional
UFO's addressed to
mail
the
regarding
Secretary of the Air
Force and Headquarters USAF.
(2) Forward those inquiries which are sci-
entific and technical to the FTD for informa-
tion on which to base a reply. The FTD will re-
2

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 645, "chars": 4518, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
07/31/1997
.. 10:12
3349535103
AIR UNIV LIBRARY ILL
PAGE 04
turn this information to the Office of Legisla-
tive Liaison for reply to the inquiry.
(3) Process
requests from
congressional
sources in accordance with AFR 11-7.
g. Cooperation. All Air Force activities
will
cooperate with Air Force UFO investigators to
insure the economical and prompt success of in-
vestigations and analyses.
When feasible, this
cooperation will include furnishing air or ground
transportation and other assistance.
4. Guidance. The thoroughness and quality of
a report or investigation of UFO's are limited
only by the skill and resourcefulness of the per-
ion who receives the initial inforation and/or
prepares the report. The usefulness and value
of any report or investigation depend on the ac-
curacy and timeliness of its contents. Following
are sids for screening, evaluating, and report-
a. Careful study of the logic, consistency, and
coherence of the observer's report. An interview
with the observer by personnel preparing the re-
port is especially valuable in determining the
source's reliability and the validity of the in-
formation given.
Factors deserving particular
attention are the observer's age, occupation, and
education, and whether his occupation involves
observation reporting or technical knowledge.
A report stating that a witness is completely fa-
miliar with certain aspects of a sighting should
indicate his or her specific qualifications.
b. Theodolite measurements of changes or
azimuth, and elevation and angular size.
c. Interception, identification, or air search, if
appropriate and within the scope of
air defense
regulations.
d. When feasible, contact with local aircraft
control and warning
(ACW) units, and with
pilots and crews of aircraft aloft at the time
and place of sighting. Also, contact with any
other persons or organizations that may have
lactual data on the UFO or can offer corrobo-
rating evidencevisual, electronic, or other.
e. Consultation
with
military
or
civilian
weather forecasters for data on tracks of weather
balloons released
meteorological activity which may have a bear-
ing on the UFO.
f. Consultation with navigators and astrono-
mers in the area to determine whether any as-
tronomical body or phenomenon would account
for the sighting.
g. Contact with military and civilian tower
operators, air operations units, and airlines to
AFR 200-2
determine whether the sighting could have been
an aircraft. Local units of the Federal Aviation
Aegard (tA) are often of assistance in this
h. Contact with persons who may know of
experimental aircraft of unusual: configuration,
rocket and guided missile firinga, or aerial tests
in the area.
i. Contact with photographic units or labora-
tories. Usually, these installations have several
cameras available for specialized intelligence or
investigative work. Photography is an invaluable
tool for use, where possible, in investigating and
analyzing UFO sightings. (See paragraph 18).
j. Whenever possible,
& UFO
sighting investigator an individual with a scien-
tific or
technical background as well as
expe-
rience as an investigator.
k. Submission of reports on all sightings even
though identification may be assumed by the
Preparing officer under paragraph 16 of this regu-
5. Reporting UFO Information. Both the As-
sistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Headquarters
USAF, and the Air Defense Command have a
direct and immediate interest in the facts per-
taining to UFO's reported within the United
States. All Air Force activities will conduct UFO
investigations to the extent necessary for their
required reporting action (see paragraphs 14, 15,
and 16). No activity should carry an investiga-
tion beyond this point, unless the preparing offi-
cer believes the magnitude (intelligence signifi-
cance or public relations aspects) of the case
warrant full scale investigation. The officer may
contact the FTD of AFSC (CLearwater 3-7111,
ext 69216/66378) at Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base, Ohio, to obtain verbal authority for con-
tinued investigation.
SECTION B-PUBLIC RELATIONS,
INFORMATION, CONTACTS, AND
RELEASES
6. Maintaining Public Relations. The Offce of
Information is responsible for:
a. In coordination with the AFSC (FTD)
when necessary, maintaining contact with the
public and the press on all aspects of the UFO
program and its related activities.
b. Releasing
. information on UFO sightings
and results of investigations.
c. Periodically releasing information on this
subject to the general public.
3

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 696, "chars": 4796, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
07/31/1997
10:12
3349535103
AIR UNIV LIBRARY ILL
PAGE 05
AFR 200-2
d. Processing. answering, and taking action on
correspondence roreived from the general pub-
lic. pertalning to the public relations, interest.
and informational aspects of the subjeet. !Sec
paragraph 8.1
Thie office will forwand corre-
pondence and queries which are purely tochni-
cal and scientifie to AFSC (FTD) for informa-
tion on which to base a reply.
7. Releasing Information. The Office of Infor-
mation. Offer of the Secretary of the Air Force:
will release to the publie or unofficial persons or
organizacions all information or release* concern-
ing CFOa, regariless of origin or mature. This
includes replies to correspondence lexcept con-
gressional inquiries submitted direct
to the
AFSC (FTD, and other Air Force activities by
private individuals requesting
comments or re-
enlte of analyses and investigations of sightings.
8. Exceptions. In response to local inquiries re-
garding any (FO reported in the vicinity of an
Air Force base. the commander of the base con-
cerned mar release information to the press or
the general public only after positive identifica-
tion of the sighting as a familiar or known ob-
jeet. The commander must exercise care not to
reveal any classified aspects of the sighting or
names of persons making reports. (Sce paragraph
17.1 If the sighting is unexplainable or difficult
to identify, because of insufficient information or
inconsistencies. the only statement to be released
is the fact that the sighting is under intestiga-
tion and information regarding it will be arail-
able at a later date. After completion of inves-
tigative action. the commander mas release the
fact that the AFSC (FTDi will review and an-
alyze the results of the investigation. He will
then refer any further inquiries to the local Offre
of Information.
9. Release hy Non-Air Force Sources. If news-
men, writers, publishers. or private indiviruals
desire to release imofficial information concem-
ing a CFO sighting, Air Force activities will
make every effort to assure that the statements.
theories, opinions, and allegations of these indi-
viduals or
groups
are not associated with or
represented as official information.
10. Contacts. Private individuals or organiza-
tions desiring
lectures, or private discursions on T'FO's will di-
rect their requests to the Office of Information.
Office of the Secretary of the Air Force. Air Force
personnel, other than those of the Office of In-
formation, will not contact private individuals
on UFO cases. nor will they diseas their oper-
ations and functions with unauthorized persona
directed, and then only on a "nicer-to-
know" basis.
SECTION ( PREPARING AND
SUBMITTING REPORTS
11. General Information:
i. Paragraphs 2 and 5 will serve as aids and
guidance to screenings, investigations, and
re-
portings. Paragraph 14 contains an outline of the
reporting format. Activities
initially recciving
reports
of aerial
obiects and phenomena wil
screen the information to determine whether the
report
concerns a valid UFO within the defini-
tion of paragraph 1b. Reports not within that
definition do not require further action under
the provisions of this regulation.
b. To assist activities and personnel respon-
follow's of the general sources and types of re-
(1) Generally, initial OFO reports originate
from two sources:
(a) Civilian airlinc, private, and
fessional pilots, tower operators, technical per-
sonnel, casual obeervers, and the public in gen-
cral), by correspondence, telephone or personal
(b) Military units and personnel (pilots.
olservers, radar operators, aircraft control and
warning units, ctc.), by telephone, electrical mes-
sage, or personal interview:
(2) Generally: UFO reports received from
civilian sources are of two types:
(a) Those referring strictly to an ob-
served UFO, containing either detailed or mcager
information:
(bi Those referring only in part to an
observer TFO, but primarily requesting infor-
mation on come aspect of the UFO program.
r. Report: considcred to fall primarilr in a
public relations or information service categors
fece paragraphs 7, 8. 9, and b(2) above) are of
primary interest to the Office of Information
the or toleration.
sufficient for investigation and/or
analysis may be extracted before referral to that
office.
12. Methods for Transmitting Reports:
a. Together with any necessary screenings and
investigations preparatory to
all information on
reporting.
report
UFO's promptly. Electrical
transmission with a "Priority" precedence is au-
thorized for reports under 3 days from date of
sighting.
Electrically transmitted
reports over
3 days old should carry a "Routine" precedence.
b. Submit written reports of sightings over 3
‹lays old on AF Forın 112, "Intelligence Report,"
4

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 538, "chars": 3802, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
07/31/1997
10:12
3349535103
LAIR UNIV LIBRARY ILL
PAGE 06
and AF Form 112A, "Supplement to AF Form
112" (see paragraphs 14 and 15); however, keep
the use of these forms to a minimum in reporting
initial sightings. The delays often involved in
processing
transmitting
through channels may make followup investi-
gations diffeult, producing only limited usable
information. This factor is a necessary consid-
eration. Reporting by electrical means will elim-
inate delays. If requested by the AFSC (FTD),
AF Form 112 will provide & followup and/or
complete report of all sightings initially reported
electrically.
13. Where To Submit Reports:
a. Electrical Reports. Subinit multiple ad-
dressed electrical reports to:
(1) Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, Colo-
rado
(2) Nearest Air Division (Defense) (For
United States only)
(3) Air Force Systems Command, Foreign
Technology Division, Wright-Patterson AFB,
Ohio
(4) Headquarters, USAF (AFCIN), Wash
25 DC
(5)
Secretary of the Air Force (SAFOI),
Wash 25 DC
b.
Written Reports (Basic letters and AF
Forin 112):
(1) Basic Letters. Submit all letter reports
direct to the AFSC (FTD). The AFSC (FTD)
will distribute the reports to interested Intelli-
gence activities in
the United States and to the
Office of Information, if necessary.
(2) AF Form 112. Submit original report,
as prescribed in "Intelligence Collection Instruc-
(ICI);
" June 1954, direct to HQ USAF
(AFCIN) Wash 25 DC, and a copy to AFSC
(FTD).
c. Reports from Civilians. Where possible, ad-
vise civilian
sources contemplating
UFO's to submit the report, for processing and
transmission, to the nearest Air Force base.
14. Basic Reporting Data and Format. Show
the abbreviation
"UFO" at the beginning of the
text of all electrical reports and in the subject
of written reports. Include the required data in
all reports, in the order shown below:
a. Description of the Objects):
(1) Shape.
(2) Size compared to a known object (use
AFR 200-2
one of the following terms: Head of a pin, pea,
dine, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar,
baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the
hand at about arm's length.
(3) Color.
(4) Number.
(5) Formation, if more than one.
(6) Any discernible features or details.
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of
same compared to size of object (s).
(8) Sound; if heard, describe sound.
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features
b. Description of Course of Objects):
(1) What first called the attention of ob-
server (B) to the object (в) ?
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of ob-
ject (s) when first observed
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of ob-
ject (s) upon disappearance.
(4) Description of flight path and maneu-
vers of object (s).
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (In-
stantaneously to the North, etc.)
(6) How long (were) the objects) visible?
(Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.)
c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the fol-
lowing items: Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-
electronic,
air-electronic. (If electronic, specify
type of radar.)
(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes,
binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof.
(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne,
give type of aircraft, identification number, alti-
tude, heading, speed, and home station.
d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting
(2) Light conditions. (Use one of the follow-
ing terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk.)
e. Location of Observer(s). Give exact lati-
tude and longitude of each observer, and/or
geographical position. In electrical reports, give
a position with reference to a known landmark
also, such as "2mi N of Deeville"; "3mi SW of
Blue Lake." Typographical errors or "garbling"
often oceur in electrically transmitted messages,
making location plots difficult or impossible.
5

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 564, "chars": 4141, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AFR 200-2
Example: 89 43N, 192 71W for 39 43N, 102 21W.
f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian-- Name, agc.
mailing address,
occupation, and estimate of reliability.
(2) Military-Name,
grade, organization,
duty, and estimate of reliability.
g. Wenther and Winds-Aloft Conditions ut
Time and Place of Sightings:
(1i Observer(s) account of weather condi-
tions.
(2) Report
from
nearest AWS or U.S
Weather Bureau Office
of
wind direction and
10000, 10,000, 20000, 30,000: 50.00, 6. 000-
10,000,
20,000, 30,000", 50,000, and
80,000, if available.
(3) Ceiling
(4) Visibility.
(5) Amount of cloud cover.
(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in
which located.
i7i Vertical temperature gradient.
hiny other unusual activity or
condition,
metcorologieal, astronomical, or otherwise, which
might account for the sighting.
i, Interception or identification action taken
(such netion is authorized whenever feasible, and
in compliance with existing nir defenso dirce-
tives).
i. Location, approrimate altitude, and general
hirection of fight of any air traffe or balloon
releases in the arca which might possibly account
for the sighting.
k. Position title and comments of the prepar-
ing officer.
including his preliminary analysis of
the possible cause of the sighting(e). (See para-
graph 16)
1. Existence of physical evidence, such as ma-
terials and photographs.
15. Negative or Inapplicable Data. Even though
the source does not
provide, or an interviewer
has not asked for specific information, do not use
"negative"
or "unidentified" before
exhausting all logieal lends to obtain the informa-
tion outlined under paragraph 14. For example,
information on weather conditions in the area.
as requested in paragraph 14g, is obtainable from
Use the phrase
"not applicable (N/A) "
when the question does not apply to the particu-
lar sighting under investigation.
16. Comments of Preparing Officer. The pre-
paring officer will make a
preliminary analysis
and a comment on the possible cause
or identity
of the object he is reporting,
together with a
statement supporting his comment and analysis.
He will make every effort to obtam pertinent
items of information and to test all
possible
leads, clues,
and hypotheses
concerning the
identity or
explanation
of
the sighting
ince
paragraph 5.i The preparing officer who reccives
the report initially is in a much better position
to conduct an "on-the-spot" survey or followup
than
subsequent
investigative
personnel and
analysts, who may be far removed from the arca,
and who may arrive too late to obtain vital data
if the missing information
necessary for firin
conclusions.
17. Classification. Do not classify reports un-
less data requested in paragraph 14 require classi-
fication. Classify reports primarily to protect:
i. Names of
sources reporting CFO's and
other principals insolved, if so requested by these
persons or considered neressary:
b. Intelligence, investigative, intercept, or ana-
lytical methods or procedures;
c. Lucation of radar and other classified sites:
units, and equipment;
d. Information on certain types, characteris-
tics, and capabilities of classified aircraft, mis-
siles, or devices that may be involved in the
sighting.
18. Reporting Physical Evidence. Report
promptly
attention of TD-E. Acrial Phenomena Branch.
i. Photographic:
(1) Still Photographs. Forward the negative
and two prints. Title the prints and the negatires.
or indicate the place, time, and date of the inci-
dent.
(2) Motion Pictures. Obtain the original
film. Examine the film strip for apparent cuts,
alterations, obliterations, or defects. In the re-
port comment on any irregularities. particularly
those reccived from other than offieial sources.
(3) Supplemental
Photographic Informin-
tron. Negatives and prints often are insufficient
to provide certain valid data or to permit firm
conclusions. (See AFM 200-9—a classified docu-
ment receiving limited distribution.) Information
that will sid in plotting or in estimating
dis-
tances, apparent size and nature of object, prob-
able velocity, and movements includes:
rO:
in
CT:
th
ca
B:
C
6
E0TSE9SDEE
12:00
L66T/TE/LB

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 220, "chars": 1531, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
87/31/1997
10:12
3349535103
AIR UNIV LIBRARY ILL
PAGE
08
AFD 000-2A
(8) Type, focal ane of, amera,
Type, focal length, and make of lens,
(c) Brand and type of film,
(d)
Shutter speed used
- (e)
Lens opening used; that is,
"f" stop,
(f) Filters used,
(g)
Was tripod or solid stand used,
(h) Was "panning" used,
(i) Exact direction camera
was pointing
with
relation to true north, and its angle with
respect to the ground.
Other Camera Data. If supplemental
information is unobtainable, the minimum cam-
ra data required sre the type or camera,
and
he smallest and largest "f'
stop and shutter-
speed readings of the camera.
acco Pance rada cope
Bx ORDER OF THE SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE:
AFR 200-2
5-7. Classity radarscope photographs in accord
ance with Section XII. AFR 205-1. 10 June 1960
NOTE: If possible, develop photographic filin
before forwarding. Mark any undeveloped filin
conspicuously to indicate this fact, to avoid de-
struction by exposure during examinations en
route through mail channels to final addressees.
. Material, Each Air Force echelon-receiving
suspected or actual VE material will sateguar
it in a manner to prevent any defacing or altera-
tions which might reduce its value for intelli-
gence examination and analysis.
c. Photographs, Motion Pictures,
and Nega-
tives Submitted by Individuals. Individuals often
submit photographic and motion picture ma-
OFFICIAL:
...:
R. J. PUGH
Colonel, USAF
Director of Administrative Services
CURTIS E. LeMAY
Chief of Staff
7
2 US. GOVERNMENT I
AIRTING OREGS THE
