{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-02T11:19:29Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 247, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3518021, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/anomaly-surveillance-and-resolution-office.pdf", "source_sha256": "a06d99c515258a3a70b06e8322d16f4573eec3f30da9d6a36ac024488c0b8d0e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1153, "chars": 8230, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7808
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
SA 4550. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend- health threats and early warning, detection,
ment intended to be proposed by him to the
and prevention and response measures;
bill H.R. 4350, supra; which was ordered to lie
(E) communication
and coordination re-
on the table.
public health threats and early
sponse measures among the Federal national
November 4, 2021
(V) the preparedness and response of spe-
cific types of institutions that experienced
high rates of COVID-19 infection or that are
critical to national security, which may in-
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS
SA 4277. Mr. MENENDEZ (for him-
self, Ms. CoLLINs, Mr. Brown, and Mr.
KAINE) submitted an amendment
tended to be proposed to amendment
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
of the Department of Energy.
strengths for such fiscal year, and for
other purposes; which was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
-COMMISSION ON THE CORONAVIRUS
PANDEMIC IN THE UNITED STATES
SEC. 01. SHORT TITLE.
This title may be cited as the 'National
Coronavirus Commission Act of 2021'.
means the 2019 novel coronavirus disease.
(2) RELEVANT COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS.—
(A) means all committees for which infor-
mation in the report or plan being provided
(B) includes, at a minimum—
(i) the Committee on Health,
Labor, and Pensions, the Committee on Fi-
the Committee on Foreign Relations,
Housing, and
Urban Affairs, the Committee on Homeland
Security and Government Affairs, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and the select
Committee on Intelligence of the Senate;
(ii) the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce, the Committee on Ways and Means,
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform, the Com-
and the Perma-
nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the
House of Representatives.
SEC._ 03. ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION.
There is
established
in
the
legislative
branch the Commission on the Coronavirus
Pandemic in the United States (referred to
in this title as the 'Commission").
SEC. 04. PURPOSES.
The purposes of the Commission are to—
(1) examine and report on the facts and the
causes relating to the COVID-19 pandemic in
the United States, which may include inves-
tigating and reporting on-
(A) the origins of COVID-19; and
(B) the spread of COVID-19 internationally
and within the United States;
(2) make a full and nonpartisan accounting
of the United States' preparedness for, and
response to, the COVID-19 pandemic, to in-
clude investigating and reporting on—
(A) medical intelligence;
(B) international public health surveil-
lance;
(C) domestic public health surveillance;
(D) communication and coordination
be-
tween the Federal Government and foreign
governments, the private sector, nongovern-
mental organizations, and international pub-
lic health
organizations
related to public
and State, Tribal, local, and territorial gov-
(F) Federal funding and support for, en-
and management of, inter-
prevention, preparedness, and
sponse efforts;
(G) Federal guidance, assistance, and re-
quirements for State, Tribal, local, and terri-
(H) Federal acquisition and financing ef-
forts and supply chain management, includ-
ing use of the authorities provided under the
Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4501
et seq.), related to personal protective equip-
testing supplies, ventilators and other
medical equipment or supplies,
other relevant
items for domestic and international use;
(I) management, allocation, and distribu-
sources and assets for domestic use held by
United States agencies that provide foreign
State, Tribal, local, and territorial govern-
ments, hospitals and health
tions, and private sector entities, including
personal protective equipment,
plies, ventilators and other medical equip-
vaccines, or other relevant items;
(J) management, allocation, and distribu-
tion of personal protective equipment,
ing supplles, ventilators and other medical
equipment or supplies,
peutics, vaccines, or other relevant items as
global supply chain
vulnerabilities with respect to personal pro-
tective equipment, testing supplies, ventila-
other medical equipment or sup-
plies, diagnostics,
therapeutics, vaccines,
operation of government-main-
(M) scams and profiteering;
(N) misinformation and disinformation;
(O) the readiness of Federal, State, Tribal,
local, and territorial public health
ments and agencies and relevant regional en-
(P) testing and contact tracing operations;
(Q) emergency management;
(R)
military
engagement, including the
National Guard Bureau;
(S) Federal,
State, Tribal, local, and terri-
torial orders and guidance to reduce disease
transmission,
including travel restrictions,
stay-at-home orders, in-person school and in-
stitution of
higher
education
closures
or
modifications, workplace protections or clo-
sures, or business closures or modifications;
(T) Federal, State, Tribal, local, and terri-
torial guidance, public health education, and
resource provision related to masking, social
distancing.
hygiene,
therapeutics,
testing,
quarantining, vaccination, or other relevant
topics;
(U) scientific and
technological prepared-
ness and response, which may include
(1)
the
Federal
role
in
executing,
sup-
porting, and coordinating domestic and glob-
al research on diagnostics, therapeutics, and
vaccines;
(ii) the efficacy and scientific integrity of
the Federal authorization and approval proc-
esses
Ior
vaccines,
diagnostics; and
therapeutics,
and
(iii) the use
of technology to detect and
prevent
contagion, including privacy con-
cerns;
(ii) skilled nursing facilities and nursing
(iii) assisted living facilities;
(iv) prisons, jails, and immigration deten-
(v) elementary and secondary schools and
institutions of higher education;
(vi) food production, processing, and dis-
tribution facilities;
(vii) other congregate settings and con-
fined or high-density workplaces; and
(viii) other critical infrastructure facili-
(W) Federal economic relief programs, in-
(i) loan, grant, and other financial assist-
(il) unemployment insurance;
(il) tax and loan deferment;
(iv) direct payments;
(v) rental and mortgage assistance, evic-
tion moratoria, and foreclosure relief; and
(vi) fiscal relief to States, Tribes, local-
ities, and territories;
(X) health and economic impacts on under-
cial and ethnic minority populations,
adults, and all other populations with rel-
evant health or economic disparities, which
(ii) lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and
(iii) people with disabilities;
(iv) people who live on or near Indian res-
ervations or in Alaska Native Villages;
(v) residents of territories of the United
(Y) the division of authority and respon-
and State, Tribal, local, and territorial gov-
other aspect of Federal, State,
Tribal, local, and territorial government pre-
paredness and response; and
(AA) other areas as determined relevant
and appropriate
by
the Commission
(by
agreement of the chair and vice chair of the
Commission); and
(3) investigate and report to the President
and Congress on
its findings, conclusions,
and recommendations to improve the ability
of the
Federal Government,
State,
Tribal,
local, and territorial governments, and the
private sector to-
(A) prevent, detect, respond to, and prepare
for future epidemics and pandemics, whether
naturally occurring or caused by
State or
non-State
actors,
and other public health
emergencies;
(B) protect
the health security of the
United States; and
(C) reestablish
the role of the United
States as a global leader in epidemic and
pandemic preparedness and response.
SEC.
05. COMPOSITION OF THE COMMISSION.
(a) MEMBERS.—The Commission shall be
comprised of 10 members, of whom-
(1) 1 member shall be
appointed by the
President, who shall serve as the chair of the
Commission;
(2) 1 member shall—
(A) be appointed by the leader of the Sen-
ate who represents the major political party
that the President does not represent, in
consultation with the leader of the House of
Representatives
trom the
same political
party; and
(B) serve as the vice chair of the Commis-
SIon;

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1204, "chars": 8166, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(3) 2 members shall be appointed by the
senior member of the Senate leadership of
the Democratic Party;
(4) 2 members shall be appointed by the
senior member of the Senate leadership of
(5) 2 members
shall be appointed by the
senior member of the leadership of the House
of Representatives of the Republican Party;
2 members shall be appointed by the
senior member of the leadership of the House
of Representatives of the Democratic Party.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(2) ADDITIONAL MEETINGS.—After the initial
meeting of the Commission, the Commission
shall meet upon the call of the chair or a ma-
jority of the members of the Commission.
Six members of the Commis-
sion shall constitute a quorum. If required
for public health reasons, Commission mem-
bers may attend meetings virtually and vir-
tual attendance shall count towards consti-
06. FUNCTIONS OF THE COMMISSION.
The functions of the Commission are to—
(1) conduct an investigation that-
(A) addresses the purposes described in sec-
investigates relevant facts and cir-
demic in the United States, including pre-
COVID-19 pandemic by the Federal Govern-
ment and, as appropriate, State, Tribal, ter-
relevant legislation,
regulation, plan, policy, practice, or proce-
(A) hold such hearings, sit and act at such
oaths as the Commission or such designated
determine advisable; and
(B) subject to paragraph (2)(A), require, by
subpoena or otherwise, the attendance and
testimony of such witnesses and the produc-
tion of such written, recorded, and electronic
materials as the Commission
ignated subcommittee or designated member
respondence, memoranda, diplomatic cables,
records, text messages, emails, voicemails,
and communications, including communica-
tions sent from or received on both official
and personal accounts and devices.
more than 5 members of the Commission
shall be from the same political party.
(2) NONGOVERNMENTAL APPOINTEES.
dividual appointed to the Commission shall
(A) be an officer or employee of the Fed-
eral Government or any State, Tribal, local,
or territorial government, except in the case
of a State employee who works at a public
funded research institution; or
(B) have held a position in any agency, of-
fice, or other establishment in the executive,
legislative, or judicial branch of the Federal
included planning,
implementing any aspect of the Federal Gov-
ernment response to the public health emer-
declared by the Secretary of Health
and Human Services under section 319 of the
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d) on
January 31, 2020, with respect to COVID-19,
including a position that required the indi-
vidual holding the position to attend meet-
ings relating to that response.
Commission shall hire an ethics counsel, and
not later than 30 days after the initial meet-
shall submit a detailed plan for identifying
and resolving potential and actual conflicts
of interest by any member of the Commis-
including of an ethical, financial,
personal nature, or that could lead a reason-
able person to conclude a conflict may exist,
to the relevant committees of Congress.
cumstances relating to-
(iii) financial, labor and housing agencies;
(i) IN GENERAL.
—A subpoena may be issued
under this subsection only—
the agreement of the chair and the
(II) by the affirmative vote of a majority of
the members of the Commission.
poenas issued under this subsection may be
issued under the signature of the chair or
any member designated by a majority of the
Commission, and may be served by any per-
son designated by the chair or by a member
designated by a majority of the Commission.
(vi) defense and national security agencies;
(vii) diplomacy and development agencies;
(viii) White House offices and councils;
(ix) health care organizations;
(xi) scientific research agencies;
(xii) immigration and border control agen-
(xiii) international trade organizations;
(xiv) Congress;
Tribal, local, and territorial
(xvi) the role of congressional and State
government oversight and resource alloca-
(xvii) other areas of the public and private
sectors determined relevant by the Commis-
(D) coordinates with and reviews the find-
AND ECONOMIC POLICY EXPERTS.—In appoint-
pointing individuals described in subsection
(a) of the same political party shall coordi-
nate to ensure that the members appointed
by each political party include
(i) at least 1 former governor of a State;
(ii) at least 1 public health expert; and
(iii) at least 1 economic policy expert.
Congress that individuals appointed to the
should be prominent United
with national recognition
and significant depth of experience in such
professions as governmental service, public
infectious diseases,
pandemic preparedness and response, human-
gathering, commerce, national security, and
(5) TIMELINE FOR APPOINTMENT.—All mem-
not later than 60 days after the date of en-
(6) VACANCIES.-
mission shall not affect its powers, but shall
be filled in the same manner in which the
original appointment was made.
shall meet and begin the operations of the
Commission within 45 days after the appoint-
ment of all Commission members.
branch, congressional, State, or independent
commission investigations into the COVID-
19 pandemic, to the extent determined appro-
priate by Commission members; and
(E) may include a comparative analysis of
relevant domestic or international best prac-
(2) identify, review, and evaluate the les-
regarding the structure, coordination, man-
agement policies, and procedures of the Fed-
eral Government,
State, Tribal, local, and
mental entities relative to detecting, pre-
venting, and responding to-
(A) epidemics and pandemics, whether nat-
urally occurring or caused by State or non-
(B) other public health emergencies; and
(3) submit to the President and Congress
such reports as are required by this title con-
taining such findings, conclusions, and legis-
and policy recommenda-
tions as the Commission shall determine, in-
planning, management arrangements,
procedures, rules, and regulations.
07. POWERS OF THE COMMISSION.
(1) HEARINGS AND EVIDENCE.—The Commis-
sion or, on the authority of the Commission,
any subcommittee or member thereof, may,
for the purpose of carrying out this title—
or failure to obey a subpoena issued under
this subsection,
the United States district
court for the judicial district in which the
subpoenaed person resides, is served, or may
be found, or where the subpoena is return-
able, may issue an order requiring such per-
son to appear at any designated place to tes-
tily or to produce documentary or other evi-
dence. Any failure to obey the order of the
court may be punished by the court as a con-
(ii) ADDITIONAL ENFORCEMENT.—In the case
of any failure of any witness to comply with
any subpoena or to testify when summoned
under authority of this section, the Commis-
sion may, by majority vote, certify a state-
ment of fact constituting such failure to the
States attorney,
may bring the matter before the grand jury
for its action, under the same statutory au-
procedures as if the
States attorney had received a certification
under sections 102 through 104 of the Revised
of the United States (2 U.S.C. 192
(b) CONTRACTING.-The Commission may,
to such extent and in such amounts as are
provided in appropriation Acts,
contracts to enable the Commission to dis-
charge its duties under this title.
(C) INFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGEN-
CIES.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Commission is au-
thorized to secure directly from any execu-
department,
bureau,
commission,
agency,
board,
office, independent establish-
ment, or instrumentality of the Government,
information, suggestions, estimates, and sta-
tistics for the purposes of this title. Notwith-
standing any other law or any assertion of
privilege, each department, bureau, agency,
board,
commission,
tablishment,
office,
independent
es-
or instrumentality
shall fur-
nish, without redaction, such records, infor-
mation, suggestions, estimates, and statis-
directly
to
the Commission,
upon re-
quest made by the chair, the chair of any
subcommittee created by a majority of the
Commission, or any member designated by a
majority of the Commission.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1227, "chars": 8266, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
HANDLING, STORAGE, AND DIS- the equivalent of that payable for a position
-Information shall only be re-
at level V of the Executive Schedule under
ceived, handled, stored, and disseminated by
section 5316 of such title.
members of the Commission and its staff
(2) NONPARTISAN STAFF.—The staff director
consistent with all applicable statutes, regu-
lations, and Executive orders.
(d) ASSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES.—
The Administrator of General Services shall
Commission on a reimburs-
able basis administrative support and other
services for the performance of the Commis-
(2) OTHER DEPARTMENTS AND AGENCIES.—In
addition to the assistance prescribed in para-
graph (1), departments and agencies of the
United States may provide to the Commis-
sion such services, funds, facilities, stafi, and
other support services as the departments
and agencies may determine advisable and as
-The Commission may accept,
use, and dispose of gifts or donations of serv-
SERVICES.—The
may use the United States mails in the same
manner and under the same conditions as de-
partments and agencies of the United States.
08. NONAPPLICABILITY OF THE FEDERAL
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Federal
thority over the activities of the personnel
of the Commission, and the staff director and
any other personnel of the Commission shall
be hired without regard to political affili-
(3) PERSONNEL AS FEDERAL EMPLOYEES.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The staff director and
employees shall be employees under section
2105 of title 5, United States Code, for pur-
poses of chapters 63, 81, 83, 84, 85, 87, 89, and
MEMBERS OF COMMISSION.—Subpara-
graph (A) shall not be construed to apply to
members of the Commission.
employee may be detailed to the Commission
without reimbursement from the Commis-
status, and privileges of his or her
regular employment without interruption.
sion is authorized to procure the services of
experts and consultants in accordance with
section 3109 of title 5, United States Code,
but at rates not to exceed the daily rate paid
a person occupying a position at level IV of
the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of
title 5, United States Code.
11. COMPENSATION AND TRAVEL EX-
(a) COMPENSATION.—Each member of the
Commission may be compensated at not to
exceed the daily equivalent of the annual
rate of basic pay in effect for a position at
level IV of the Executive Schedule under sec-
tion 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for
during which that member is en-
November 4, 2021
comprehensive, fact-based,
dentiary, nonpartisan, and actionable final
(C) ACCESSIBILITY.—The final report shall-
(1) simultaneously be made publicly avail-
able on an internet website;
(2) be written in plain language, to the ex-
tent deemed practicable by the Commission;
(3) be made available in accessible formats
and multiple languages, to the extent deter-
mined practicable by the Commission.
(d) ALTERNATIVE MEDIUMS.-
sion may use alternative mediums to com-
municate key findings from the final report
to as many people of the United States as
(e) EXTENSIONS.—The submission and pub-
lication of the final report,
upon the agreement of a majority of the
members of the Commission. The Commis-
sion may make not more than 3 90-day ex-
tensions. The Commission shall notify the
President, Congress, and the public of each
(b) PUBLIC MEETINGS AND RELEASE OF PUB-
LIC VERSIONS OF REPORTS.—The Commission
(1) hold public hearings and meetings to
(2) release public versions of the reports re-
quired under subsections (a) and (b) of sec-
(C) PUBLIC HEARINGS.—Any public hearings
of the Commission shall be conducted in a
manner consistent with the protection of in-
formation provided to or developed for or by
the Commission as required by any applica-
ble statute, regulation, or Executive order.
SEC. 09. RECORD RETENTION.
(a) COMMISSION RECORDS.—The Commission
(1) preserve the records and documents of
recoros
available to the National Archives not later
than 120 days following the submission of the
(b) FUTURE ACCESS.-
Following the termi-
nation of the Commission, the Secretary of
records and documents of the Commission,
as if they were Senate records, for research-
ers, interested parties, and the general pub-
ELECTRONIC ACCOUNTS FOR
any Commission business on electronic ac-
counts, members and staff of the Commis-
sion shall use official Commission electronic
SEC. 10. STAFF OF THE COMMISSION.
(1) APPOINTMENT AND COMPENSATION.—The
chair, in consultation with the vice chair
and in accordance with rules agreed upon by
Commission, may appoint and
compensation of a staff director and such
other personnel as may be necessary to en-
able the Commission to carry out its func-
without regard to the provisions of
title 5, United States Code,
pointments in the competitive service, and
without regard to the provisions of chapter
51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of such
title relating to classification and General
Schedule pay rates, except that no rate of
pay fixed under this subsection may exceed
(b) TRAVEL EXPENSES.—While away from
their homes or regular places of business in
the performance of services for the Commis-
sion, members of the Commission shall be al-
lowed travel expenses, including per diem in
persons employed intermittently in the Gov-
ernment service are allowed expenses under
section 5703 of title 5, United States Code.
SEC. 12. SECURITY CLEARANCES FOR COMMIS-
SION MEMBERS AND STAFF.
The appropriate Federal agencies or de-
partments shall cooperate with the Commis-
sion in expeditiously providing to the Com-
mission members and staff appropriate secu-
rity clearances to the extent possible pursu-
ant to existing procedures and requirements,
except that no person shall be provided with
access to classified information
title without the appropriate security clear-
SEC. 13. REPORTS OF THE COMMISSION; TERMI-
REPORTS.—The Commission
may submit to the President and Congress
and recommendations for cor-
rective measures as have been agreed to by a
majority of Commission members.
Not later than 18 months
after the date of appointment of all members
of the Commission,
committees of Congress a final report con-
taining such findings,
conclusions, and rec-
ommendations for corrective measures and
reforms as have been agreed to by a majority
oi the members of the Commission.
(2) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that the members of the Commis-
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Commission, and all
the authorities of this title, shall terminate
120 days after the date on which the final re-
port is submitted under subsection (b).
(2) ADMINISTRATIVE ACTIVITIES BEFORE TER-
-The Commission may use the 120-
day period referred to in paragraph (1) for
the purpose of concluding its activities, in-
cluding providing testimony to committees
concerning its reports and dis-
seminating the final report.
(g) GOVERNMENT
(1) MONITORING.—The Comptroller General
of the United States shall monitor the imple-
mentation of any Commission recommenda-
tions included in the final report.
(A) IN GENERAL.—One year after the final
Commission report is submitted under sub-
section (b), and each year thereafter for the
following 3 years, the Comptroller General
shall submit to Congress a report regarding
the status of the Commission recommenda-
(i) identifies each recommendation as open
(ii) provides a description of actions taken
in response to each recommendation.
(B) SCOPE OF REPORTS.—Each
quired under subparagraph (A) shall not pro-
vide a critical assessment of the merit
included in the final Commission report.
SEC. 14. FUNDING.
There are authorized to be appropriated to
carry out this title $50,000,000.
(b) DURATION OF AVAILABILITY.-Amounts
subsection (a) shall remain available until
the termination of the Commission.
SA 4278. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy,
to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title X, insert

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1142, "chars": 7975, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
• NATIONAL MANUFACTURING EX-
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
meaning given such term in section 25(a) of
the National Institute of
Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k(a)).
sion Partnership Supply Chain Database es-
tablished under subsection (b).
-The term 'Director' means
Director of the National Institute of
Standards and Technology.
National Institute of Standards
(b) ESTABLISHMENT OF DATABASE.—
ability of appropriations, the Director shall
establish a database to assist the United
States in minimizing disruptions in the sup-
ply chain by providing a resource for manu-
facturers in the United States to gain infor-
mation on product availability
(2) DESIGNATION.—The database established
under paragraph (1) shall be known as the
"National Manufacturing Extension Partner-
ship Supply Chain Database".
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Database may include
(A) Basic company information.
(B) An overview of capabilities, accredita-
(C) Proprietary information.
(D) Such other items as the Director con-
(2) STANDARD CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM.—The
Database shall use the North American In-
Classification System (NAICS) Codes
(A) Sector 31-33 - Manufacturing.
(B) Sector 54 - Professional, Scientific, and
Technical Services.
48-49 - Transportation and
-The Database shall be multi-
(A) Level 1 shall have basic company infor-
mation and shall be available to the public.
(B) Level 2 shall have a deeper, nonpropri-
overview into capabilities, products,
and accreditations and shall be available to
all companies that contribute to the
pectation of protection from disclosure as
I(h) of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2022.'; or
(B) in the case of oral information, a writ-
ten statement similar to the statement de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) submitted with-
in a reasonable period following
(i) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION.—
(1) PRIVATE ENTITIES.—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall be construed to require any pri-
vate entity to share data with the Director
specifically for to the Database.
THORITY.—Nothing in this section shall be
construed to grant the Director, or the head
of any other Federal agency, with any au-
to promulgate regulations or set
standards on manufacturers,
within the Database, that was not in effect
on the day before the date of enactment of
(j) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—
There are authorized to be appropriated-
(1) $31,000,000 for fiscal year 2022 to develop
and launch the Database; and
(2) $26,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2023
through 2026 to maintain, update,
port Federal coordination of the State sup-
ply chain databases maintained by the Cen-
study required under section 9413 of the Wil-
liam M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Pub-
lic Law 116-283), including
cure and protect the Database from adver-
sarial attacks and vulnerabilities.
(d) CONNECTIONS WITH HOLLINGS MANUFAC-
TURING EXTENSION PARTNERSHIPS CENTERS.—
the infrastructure for the Database through
the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Part-
nership, established under section 25 of the
National Institute of Standards and Tech-
nology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k), by connecting in-
from the Centers through
(2) NATIONAL VIEW.—The Director shall en-
sure that connections under paragraph (1)—
(A) provide a national overview of the net-
works of supply chains of the United States;
(B) support understanding of whether there
is a need for some manufacturers to retool in
some critical areas to meet the urgent need
for key products, such as defense supplies,
food, and medical devices, including personal
HOLLINGS MANUFACTURING
(C) Level 3 shall hold proprietary informa-
(4) MATTERS RELATING TO DISCLOSURE AND
(A) FOIA EXEMPTION.—The Database, and
any information contained therein that is
not publicly released by the Institute, shall
be exempt from public disclosure under sec-
tion 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code.
(B) LIMITATION ON ACCESS TO CONTENT.-
cess to a contributing company's nonpublic
content in the Database shall be limited to
the contributing company, the Institute, and
staff from a Center who sign such nondisclo-
sure agreement as the Director considers ap-
(C) AGGREGATED INFORMATION.—The Direc-
tor may make aggregated, de-identified in-
formation available to contributing compa-
nies, Centers, or the public, as the Director
considers appropriate, in support of the pur-
NOLOGY AND INDUSTRIAL BASE.—
acting through the Hollings Manufacturing
Extension Partnership program, may work
with the National Defense
Industrial Base Council established by sec-
tion 2502(a) of title 10, United States Code, as
clude in the Database information regarding
the defense manufacturing supply chain.
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Director shall ensure
(1) IN GENERAL.—Supply chain information
that is voluntarily and lawfully submitted
by a private entity and accompanied by an
express statement described
(i) each Center is connected to the Data-
(A) shall be exempt from disclosure under
title 5, United
(ii) each supply chain database maintained
by a Center is interoperable with the Data-
(B) shall not be made available pursuant to
any Federal, State, local, or Tribal authority
this section shall be construed to require a
State or territory of the United States to es-
tablish a new supply chain database through
the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Part-
nership program.
Tribal law requiring public disclosure of in-
through the Hollings Manufacturing Exten-
sion Partnership program or a designee of
(C) shall not, without the written consent
of the person or entity submitting such in-
formation, be used directly by the Director,
or any other Federal, State, or local author-
ity in any civil enforcement action brought
by a Federal, State, or local authority.
(1) shall maintain the Database as an inte-
(2) may populate the Database with infor-
mation from past, current, or potential cli-
statement described in this paragraph, with
respect to information or records, is—
(A) in the case of written information or
records, a written marking on the informa-
tion or records substantially similar to the
This information is voluntarily
submitted to the Federal Government in ex-
SA 4279. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022 for
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
—VIEQUES RECOVERY AND REDE-
01. SHORT TITLE.
This title may be cited as the 'Vieques Re-
covery and Redevelopment Act".
The Congress finds the following:
(1) Vieques is an island municipality of
miles long by 4 miles wide, and located ap-
proximately 8 miles east of the main island
(2) Prior to Hurricane Maria, residents of
Vieques were served by an urgent medical
care facility, the Susana Centeno Family
Center, and residents had to travel
off-island to obtain medical services, includ-
ing most types
of emergency care because
the facility did not have the basic use of x-
ray machines, CT machines, EKG machines,
(3) The predominant means of transporting
passengers and goods between Vieques and
the main island of Puerto Rico is by ferry
boat service, and over the years, the
ciency of this service has frequently been
disrupted, unreliable, and difficult for cancer
Each trip to Ceiba,
cer patient is an additional out-of-pocket ex-
pense ranging from $120 to $200.
(4) The United States Military maintained
a presence on the eastern and western por-
tions of Vieques for close to 60 years, and
used parts of the island as a training range
during those years, dropping over 80 million
tons of ordnance and other weaponry avail-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1315, "chars": 8651, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(5) The unintended, unknown, and unavoid- not later than 120 days after the date of the
able consequences of these exercises were to
enactment of this Act against the United
Americans living on
the islands to
States Government for personal injury, in-
the residue of that weaponry which includes
cluding illness or death arising from use by
heavy metals and many other chemicals now
the United States Government of the island
known to harm human health.
of Vieques for military readiness; and
According to
(3) the claimant submits to
Master written medical documentation that
Vieques has high levels of heavy metals and
exposed to chemical weapons and
toxic chemicals. Since the military activity
indicates the claimant contracted a chronic,
life-threatening,
or physical disease or ill-
ness limited to cancer, hypertension, cir-
from the health impacts from long-term ex-
posure to environmental contamination as a
result of 62 years of military operations, and
have experienced higher rates of certain dis-
eases among residents, including cancer, cir-
rhosis, hypertension, diabetes, heavy metal
uncategorized illnesses. These toxic residues
Vieques to develop illnesses due to
(7) In 2017, Vieques was hit by Hurricane
Maria, an unusually destructive storm that
devastated Puerto Rico and intensified the
existing humanitarian crisis on the island by
destroying existing medical facilities.
(8) The medical systems in place prior to
handle the health crisis that existed due to
the toxic residue left on the island by the
closed due to damage and continues to be un-
able to perform even the few basic services
that it did provide. Vieques needs a medical
facility that can treat and address the crit-
ical and urgent need to get life-saving med-
ical services to its residents. Due to legal re-
strictions, the Federal Emergency Manage-
"FEMA") is unable to provide
where its capabilities exceed the abilities of
therefore Vieques needs assistance to build a
facility to manage the vast health needs of
the sacrifices of those Americans who have
lived and are living on Vieques and it is our
intent to acknowledge that sacrifice and to
treat those Americans with the same respect
(11) In 2012, the residents of Vieques were
denied the ability to address their needs in
Court due to sovereign immunity, Sanchez v.
3:09-Cv-01260-DRD
(D.P.R.). However, the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit referred the
issue to Congress and urged it to address the
This bill attempts to
satisfy that request such that Americans liv-
ing on Vieques have a remedy for the suf-
03. SETTLEMENT OF CLAIMS AGAINST
THE UNITED STATES FOR CERTAIN
(a) IN GENERAL.—An individual claimant
on the island of Vieques,
Puerto Rico, for not less than 5 years
files a claim for compensation under this
section with the Special Master, appointed
pursuant to subsection (c), shall be awarded
monetary compensation as described in sub-
(1) the Special Master determines that the
claimant is or was a resident, the child of a
or an immediate heir (as deter-
the laws of Puerto Rico) of a de-
ceased claimant on the island of Vieques,
Vieques, Puerto Rico, for military readiness;
(2) the claimant previously filed a lawsuit
or an administrative claim, or files a claim
metal poisoning during or after the United
Vieques, Puerto Rico, for military readiness.
(1) IN GENERAL.—A claimant who meets the
awarded compensation as follows:
(A) $50,000 for 1 disease described in sub-
(B) $80,000 for 2 diseases described in sub-
(C) $110,000 for 3 or more diseases described
(2) INCREASE IN AWARD.—In the case that an
individual receiving
graph (1) of this subsection contracts an-
files a new claim with the Special Master for
an additional award not later than 10 years
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Special Master may award the individual
an amount that is equal to the difference be-
(A) the amount that the individual would
have been eligible to receive had the disease
been contracted before the individual filed
an initial claim under subsection (a); and
(B) the amount received by the individual
(3) DECEASED CLAIMANTS.—In the case of an
individual who dies before making a claim
under this section or a claimant who dies be-
fore receiving an award under this section,
any immediate heir to the individual or
claimant, as determined by the laws of Puer-
to Rico, shall be eligible for one of the fol-
(A) Compensation in accordance with para-
graph (1), divided among any such heir.
(B) Compensation based on the age of the
deceased as follows:
(i) In the case of an individual or claimant
$110,000, divided among any such heir.
the case of an individual or claimant
who dies before attaining 40 years of age,
$80,000, divided among any such heir.
(iii) In the case of an individual or claim-
ant who dies before attaining 60 years of age,
$50,000, divided among any such heir.
(C) APPOINTMENT OF SPECIAL MASTER.—
Attorney General
shall appoint a Special Master not later than
Act to consider claims by individuals
and the municipality.
(2) QUALIFICATIONS.—The Attorney General
shall consider the following in choosing the
(A) The individual's experience in the proc-
essing of victims' claims in relation to for-
eign or domestic governments.
(B) The individual's balance of experience
in representing the interests of the United
States and individual claimants.
(C) The individual's experience in matters
of national security.
(D) The individual's demonstrated abilities
in investigation and fact findings in complex
(E) Any experience the individual has had
advising the United States Government.
(d) AWARD AMOUNTS RELATED TO CLAIMS BY
THE MUNICIPALITY OF VIEQUES.
Master, in ex-
change for its administrative claims, shall
November 4, 2021
provide the following as compensation to the
(A) STAFF.—The Special Master shall pro-
vide medical staff, and other resources nec-
essary to build and operate a level three
trauma center (in this section, referred to as
"medical facility') with a cancer center and
renal dialysis unit and its
medical facility shall be able to treat life-
threatening, chronic, heavy metal, and phys-
ity shall be able to provide basic x-ray, EKG,
internal medicine expertise, medical coordi-
screen claimants described in subsection (a)
who are receiving treatment for the diseases
or illnesses described in paragraph (3) of that
(B) OPERATIONS.—The Special Master shall
fund the operations of the medical facility to
provide medical care for pediatric and adult
patients who reside on the island of Vieques,
allowing the patients to be referred for ter-
tiary and quaternary health care facilities
when necessary, and providing the transpor-
tation and medical costs when traveling off
(C) ADMINISTRATIVE EXPERTISE.—The Spe-
cial Master shall ensure that the Adminis-
trator of FEMA provides all administrative
and technical expertise and oversight in the
bidding and construction of the facility but
the design and abilities of the hospital shall
be determined by the Special Master consid-
ering the medical and research needs of the
residents of the island of Vieques. All costs
shall be part of the municipality's compensa-
(D) INTERIM SERVICES.—Before the medical
facility on the island of Vieques
ational, the Special Master shall provide to
are receiving treatment for the diseases or
illnesses described in paragraph (3) of that
(i) urgent health care air transport to hos-
pitals on the mainland of Puerto Rico from
the island of Vieques;
(ii) medical coordination personnel and
(iii) telemedicine communication abilities;
(iv) any other services that are necessary
to alleviate the health crisis on the island of
(E) SCREENING.—The Special Master shall
make available, at no cost to the patient,
medical screening for cancer, cirrhosis, dia-
betes, and heavy metal contamination on the
(F) ACADEMIC PARTNER.—The Special Mas-
ter shall appoint an academic partner, with
appropriate experience and an established re-
lationship with the Municipality of Vieques,
(i) lead a research and outreach endeavor
on behalf of the Municipality of Vieques;
(ii) select the appropriate scientific exper-
administer defined studies, con-
ducting testing and evaluation of the soils,
seas, plant and animal food sources, and the
(iii) determine and implement the most ef-
ficient and effective way to reduce the envi-
ronmental toxins to a level sufficient to re-
turn the soils, seas, food sources, and health
diseases on the island of Vieques to the aver-
The Special Master shall pro-
vide amounts necessary for the
partner and medical coordinator to carry out
described in subparagraphs (A)

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1293, "chars": 8399, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
pensate the Municipality of Vieques for-
contractual procurement obligations
and additional expenses incurred by the mu-
nicipality as a result of the enactment of
this section and settlement of its claim; and
(ii) any other damages and costs to be in-
Master determines that it is necessary
carry out the purpose of this section.
POWER SOURCE.—The Special
shall determine the best source of producing
independent power on the island of Vieques
that is hurricane resilient and can effec-
sustain the needs of the island and
award to the Municipality of Vieques.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
tended to be proposed to amendment
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
4350, to authorize appropriations
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and tor detense ac-
of the Department of Energy,
strengths for such fiscal year, and for
other purposes; which was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of part II of subtitle B of title
V, add the following:
(2) COLLABORATION.—In conducting activi-
ties under this subsection, the Tiger Team
Leader shall identify appropriate
shall work to carry out such activities. Such
stakeholders shall include the following:
(A) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
(B) The Archivist of the United states.
(C) Representatives of veterans service or-
(D) Such other stakeholders as the Tiger
Team Leader considers appropriate.
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to
Congress the following:
(A) A plan setting forth the following:
(i) A description of the manner in which
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
(1) the mission of the Department of De-
fense is to provide the military forces needed
to deter war and to protect the security of
subparagraph (B), amounts awarded under
this title shall be made from amounts appro-
priated under section 1304 of title 31, United
States Code, commonly known as the 'Judg-
ment Fund", as if claims were adjudicated
by a United States District Court under sec-
tion 1346(b) of title 28, United States Code.
ESTABLISHMENT OF FILING
DURES.—The Attorney General shall estab-
lish procedures whereby individuals and the
ments under this section to the Special Mas-
(B) DETERMINATION OF CLAIMS.—The Spe-
cial Master shall, in accordance
the requirements of this section.
Vieques that have been disposed of by a
court under chapter 171 of title 28,
shall make a determination on
filed under the procedures established under
this section not later than 150 days after the
date on which the claim is filed.
FULL SETTLEMENT OF
STATES.—The acceptance by an individual or
the Municipality of Vieques of a payment of
an award under this section shall—
(2) be deemed to be in full satisfaction of
all claims under chapter 171 of title 28,
(3) constitute a complete release by the in-
municipality
against the United States and against any
employee of the United States acting in the
scope of employment who is involved in the
matter giving rise to the claim.
(g) CERTIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF PAY-
MENTS UNDER OTHER LAWS.—Amounts paid
to an individual under this section-
(1) shall be treated for purposes of the laws
of the United States as damages for human
not be included as income or re-
sources for purposes of determining
bility to receive benefits described in section
3803(C)(2)(C) of title 31, United states Code,
or the amount of such benefits.
(h) LIMITATION ON CLAIMS.-A claim
which this section applies shall be barred un-
less the claim is filed within 15 years after
the date of the enactment of this Act.
pacted by Don't Ask, Don't Tell or a similar
policy prior to the enactment of Don't Ask,
Don't Tell is important to closing a period of
history harmful to the creed of integrity, re-
spect, and honor of the military;
(3) the Department is responsible for pro-
viding for the review of a veteran's military
record before the appropriate discharge re-
view board or, when more than 15 years has
passed, board of correction for military or
(4) the Secretary of Defense should, wher-
ever possible,
coordinate and conduct out-
reach to impacted veterans through the vet-
through the Department of Veterans Affairs
and veterans service organizations, to ensure
that veterans understand the review proc-
esses that are available to them for upgrad-
(b) ESTABLISHMENT OF TIGER TEAM.—
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of Defense shall establish a
team (commonly known as a
and referred to in this section as the "Tiger
Team") responsible for conducting outreach
to build awareness among former members of
the Armed Forces of the process established
pursuant to section 527 of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020
(Public Law 116-92; 10 U.S.C. 1552 note) for
the review of discharge characterizations by
Team shall consist of appropriate personnel
of the Department of Defense assigned to the
Tiger Team by the Secretary for purposes of
(2) TIGER TEAM LEADER.—One of the persons
assigned to the Tiger Team under paragraph
(1) shall be a senior level officer or employee
of the Department who shall serve
lead official of the Tiger Team (in this sec-
tion referred to as the "Tiger Team Leader")
and who shall be accountable for the activi-
ties of the Tiger Team under this section,
(3) REPORT ON COMPOSITION.—Not later than
90 days after the date of the enactment of
this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Con-
gress a report setting forth the names of the
personnel of the Department assigned to the
Tiger Team pursuant to this subsection, in-
cluding the positions to which assigned. The
specify the name
vidual assigned as Tiger Team Leader.
SA 4280. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself,
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Tiger Team shall con-
duct outreach to build awareness among vet-
erans of the process established pursuant to
section 527 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 for the re-
view of discharge characterizations by appro-
amendment in- priate discharge boards.
stakeholders described in paragraph (2), shall
identify individuals who meet the criteria in
527(b) of the National Defense
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 for re-
view of discharge characterization.
(ii) A description of the manner in which
Team and in collaboration with the external
stakeholders, shall improve outreach to indi-
527(b) of the National Defense Authorization
Act for Fiscal Year 2020 for review of dis-
charge characterization, including through—
(I) obtaining contact information on such
individuals; and
process established pursuant to section 527 of
the National Defense Authorization
Fiscal Year 2020 for the review of discharge
(B) A description of the manner in which
the work described in clauses (i) and (ii) of
subparagraph (A) will be carried out, includ-
ing an allocation of the work among the
Tiger Team and the external stakeholders.
(C) A schedule for the implementation,
carrying out, and completion of the plan re-
quired under subparagraph (A).
(D) A description of the additional funding,
personnel, or other resources of the Depart-
ment required to carry out the plan required
under subparagraph (A), including any modi-
fication of applicable statutory or adminis-
(4) IMPLEMENTATION OF PLAN.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall im-
plement and carry out the plan submitted
under subparagraph (A) of paragraph (3) in
under subparagraph (C) of that paragraph.
once every 90 days after the submittal of the
report under paragraph (3), the Tiger Team
shall submit to Congress an update on the
subparagraph (A) of that paragraph.
(5) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than 3 years
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Tiger Team shall submit to the Commit-
tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the
House of Representatives a final report on
the activities of the Tiger Team under this
subsection. The report shall set forth the fol-
(A) The number of individuals discharged
under Don't Ask, Don't Tell or a similar pol-
icy prior to the enactment of Don't Ask,
(B) The number of individuals described in
subparagraph (A) who availed themselves of
(whether through discharge review or correc-
tion of military records) through a process
established prior to the enactment of this
(C) The number of individuals contacted
through outreach conducted pursuant to this

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1202, "chars": 8338, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(D) The number of individuals described in
subparagraph (A) who availed themselves of
through the process established pursuant to
section 527 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2020.
(E) The number of individuals described in
subparagraph (D) whose review of discharge
characterization resulted in a
characterization to honorable discharge.
(F) The total number of individuals de-
scribed in subparagraph (A), including indi-
viduals also covered by subparagraph (E),
whose review of discharge characterization
since September 20, 2011 (the date of repeal of
Don't Ask, Don't Tell), resulted in a change
of characterization to honorable discharge.
(6) TERMINATION.—On the date that is 60
days after the date on which the final report
required by paragraph (5) is submitted, the
Secretary shall terminate the Tiger Team.
shall conduct a review of the consistency and
uniformity of the reviews conducted pursu-
ant to section 527 of the National Defense
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020.
-Not later than 270 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, and
each year thereafter for a four-year period,
the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-
Such reports shall include any comments or
recommendations for continued actions.
(e) RELIEF FOR IMPACTED FORMER MEM-
(1) REVIEW OF DISCHARGE.
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense
shall review and update existing guidance to
ensure that the appropriate discharge board
for the military departments concerned shall
review a discharge characterization of the
527 of the National Defense
Act for Fiscal Year 2020 at the request of a
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
tion with the chief of the personnel division of the Anomaly Surveillance and Resolution
for the military department concerned-
Office, the Secretary shall terminate the Un-
(A) review the facts and circumstances sur-
identified Aerial Phenomenon Task Force or
rounding the estimated 100,000 members of
Armed Forces between World War II and Sep-
tember 2011 because of the sexual orientation
of the member, including any use of ambig-
(b) FACILITATION OF REPORTING AND DATA
SHARING.—The
and the Secretary
shall each, in coordination with each other,
discriminatory basis of such members' dis-
(1) each element of the intelligence com-
munity and the Department, with any data
that may be relevant to the investigation of
(B) receive oral testimony of individuals
experienced discrimination
and discharge because of the actual or per-
ceived sexual orientation of the individual so
that such testimony may serve as an official
record of these discriminatory policies and
their impact on American lives.
(2) DEADLINE FOR COMPLETION.—Each Sec-
retary of a military department shall ensure
that the oral historians concerned complete
the actions required by paragraph (1) by not
later than two years aiter the date of the en-
actment of this Act.
(3) USES OF INFORMATION.—Information ob-
tained through actions under paragraph (1)
shall be available to members described in
that paragraph for pursuit by such members
of a remedy under section 527 of the National
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year
data available immediately
to the Office;
(2) military and civilian personnel
ployed by or under contract to the Depart-
ment or an element of the intelligence com-
shall have access to procedures by
which they shall report incidents or informa-
tion, including adverse physiological effects,
involving or
aerial phenomena directly to the Office.
(c) DUTIES.—The duties of the Office estab-
lished under subsection (a) shall include the
scribed for such purpose by the Secretary of
the military department concerned.
(1) Developing procedures to synchronize
and standardize the
and analysis of incidents, including adverse
physiological effects, regarding unidentified
aerial phenomena across the Department and
intelligence community.
(2) Developing processes and procedures to
ensure that such incidents from each compo-
nent of the Department and each element of
the intelligence community are reported and
incorporated in a centralized repository.
(3) Establishing procedures to require the
timely and consistent reporting of such inci-
(4) Evaluating links between
governments, other foreign governments,
(5) Evaluating the threat that such inci-
dents present to the United States.
Coordinating with
and agencies of the Federal Government, as
including the Federal Aviation
Administration,
Administration,
the Department
of Homeland Security, the National Oceanic
vide documentation necessary to initiate a
review of a discharge characterization.
(B) EXCEPTION.—The appropriate discharge
cerned shall not be required to initiate a re-
quest for a review of a discharge as described
available to the discharge board that is unre-
lated to the material request of the covered
their representative but that
military department's discharge decision.
(2) VETERANS BENEFITS.
(A) EFFECTIVE DATE OF CHANGE OF CHARAC-
purposes of the provision of benefits to which
veterans are entitled under the laws admin-
istered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs
to a covered member whose discharge char-
acterization is changed pursuant to
527 of the National Defense Authorization
Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116-92;
10 U.S.C. 1552 note), the date of discharge of
the member from the Armed Forces shall be
deemed to be the effective date of the change
of discharge characterization under that sec-
CONSTRUCTION.-Nothing
this paragraph shall be construed to author-
ize any benefit to a covered member in con-
nection with the change of discharge charac-
terization of the member under section 527 of
the National Defense Authorization Act for
Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116-92; 10 U.S.C
1552 note) for any period before the effective
date of the change of discharge characteriza-
means section 654 of title 10,
States Code, as in effect before such section
Tell Repeal Act of 2010 (Public Law
SA 4281. Mrs. GILLIBRAND
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year, and for
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the appropriate place in title XV, insert
ESTABLISHMENT OF STRUCTURE
AND AUTHORITIES TO ADDRESS UN-
IDENTIFIED AERIAL PHENOMENA.
(a) ESTABLISHMENT OF ANOMALY SURVEIL-
LANCE AND RESOLUTION OFFICE
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordina-
ligence, establish an office within an appro-
priate component of the Department of De-
or within a joint organization of the
Department of Defense and the Office of the
Director of National
of the Unidentified Aerial
Phenomenon Task Force, as in effect on the
day before the date of the enactment of this
(B) such other duties as are required by
DESIGNATION.—The office established
under paragraph (1) shall be known
Surveillance and Resolution
(in this section referred to as the 'Of-
(7) Coordinating with allies and partners of
the United States, as appropriate, to better
assess the nature and extent of unidentified
(8) Preparing reports for Congress, in both
classified and unclassified form, as required
EMPLOYMENT OF LINE ORGANIZATIONS
FOR FIELD INVESTIGATIONS OF UNIDENTIFIED
AERIAL PHENOMENA.—
(1) IN GENERAL.
The Director and the Sec-
retary shall each, in coordination with each
designate line organizations
the Department of Defense
ligence community that possess appropriate
tems, platforms, and capabilities to rapidly
respond to, and conduct field investigations
phenomena under the direction of the Office.
and the Secretary
shall take such actions as may be necessary
to ensure that the designated organization
-The Secretary of each
military department shall ensure that oral
historians of the department, in coordina-
transportation,
necessary to respond rapidly to incidents or
patterns of observations of unidentified aer-
ial phenomena of which the Office becomes
(e) UTILIZATION OF LINE ORGANIZATIONS FOR
TECHNOLOGICAL,
ATIONAL ANALYSES OF DATA ON UNIDENTIFIED
PRIOR TASK FORCE.—Upon the establishment

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 1221, "chars": 8440, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director and the Sec-
retary shall each, in coordination with each
other, designate one or more line organiza-
tions that will be primarily responsible for
ysis of data gathered by field investigations
conducted under subsection (d), or data from
other sources, including testing of materials,
retical models to better understand and ex-
plain unidentified aerial phenomena.
(2) AUTHORITY.—The Director and the Sec-
necessary to ensure that the designated line
organizations have authority to draw on spe-
cial expertise of persons outside the Federal
Government with appropriate security clear-
(f) INTELLIGENCE COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS
(1) IN GENERAL.—The head of the Office
shall supervise the development and execu-
tion of an intelligence collection and anal-
ysis plan on behalf of the Secretary and the
Director to gain as much knowledge as pos-
sible regarding the technical and operational
unidentified aerial phenomena, including the
operation of technical collection capabilities
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(A) An analysis of data and intelligence re-
ceived through reports of unidentified aerial
(B) An analysis of data relating to uniden-
tified aerial phenomena collected through—
(ii) signals intelligence;
(iii) human intelligence; and
(iv) measurement and signals intelligence.
(C) The number of reported incidents of un-
identified aerial phenomena over restricted
air space of the United States.
(D) An analysis of such incidents identified
under subparagraph (C).
(E) Identification of potential aerospace or
other threats posed by unidentified
phenomena to the national security of the
United States.
(F) An assessment of any activity regard-
ing unidentified aerial phenomena that can
be attributed to one or more adversarial for-
(G) Identification of any incidents or pat-
nomena that indicate a potential adversarial
breakthrough aerospace capability
(H) An update on the coordination by the
United States with allies and partners on ef-
forts to track, understand, and address un-
identified aerial phenomena.
(1) An update on any etforts to capture or
Office after June 24, 2021, regardless of the
date of occurrence of the incident.
(3) SUBSEQUENT BRIEFINGS.—Each briefing
provided subsequent to the first briefing de-
scribed in paragraph (2) shall include,
minimum, all events relating to unidentified
aerial phenomena that occurred during the
previous 180 days, and events relating to un-
aerial phenomena that were not
included in an earlier briefing due to delay
in an incident reaching the reporting system
SHARED.—For each briefing period, the Chair-
man and Vice Chairman or Ranking Member
of the Committee on Armed Services and the
Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-
ate and the Committee on Armed
and the Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence of the House of Representatives
shall receive
stances in which data related to unidentified
aerial phenomena was denied to the Office
because of classification restrictions on that
data or for any other reason.
ADVISORY COMMITTEE.
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—(A) Not later than Oc-
tober 1, 2022, the Secretary and the Director
the purpose of
(i) advising the Office in the execution of
the duties of the Office as provided by this
subsection; and
(ii) advising the Director regarding the
gathering and analysis of data, and scientific
research and development pertaining to un-
identified aerial phenomena.
under subparagraph (A) shall be known as
Transmedium
Advisory Committee" (in this subparagraph
(2) MEMBERSHIP.—(A) Subject to subpara-
graph (B), the Committee shall be composed
(2) USE OF RESOURCES AND CAPABILITIES.—In
the plan required by paragraph
(1), the head of the Office shall consider and
propose, as appropriate,
the use of any re-
capability, asset, or process of the
Department and the intelligence commu-
(g) SCIENCE PLAN.—The head of the Office
shall supervise the development and execu-
tion of a science plan on behalf of the Sec-
retary and the Director to develop and test,
as practicable, scientific theories to account
for characteristics and performance of un-
identified aerial phenomena that exceed the
known state of the art in science or tech-
nology, including in the areas of propulsion,
aerodynamic control, signatures, structures,
countermeasures,
ons, electronics, and power generation, and
to provide the foundation for potential fu-
ture investments to replicate any such ad-
vanced characteristics and performance.
(h) ASSIGNMENT OF PRIORITY.
tor, in consultation with the Secretary, shall
assign an appropriate level of priority within
the National Intelligence Priorities
respond to unidentified
(i) USE OF AUTHORIZED AND APPROPRIATED
-The obtaining and analysis of data
relating to unidentified aerial phenomena is
a legitimate use of funds authorized and ap-
propriated to Department and elements of
the intelligence community for-
(J) An assessment of any health-related ef-
fects for individuals who have encountered
unidentified aerial phenomena.
(K) The number of reported incidents, and
descriptions thereof,
phenomena associated with military nuclear
assets, including strategic nuclear weapons
and nuclear-powered ships and submarines.
(L) In consultation with the Administrator
of the National Nuclear Security Adminis-
and descriptions thereof, of unidentified aer-
associated with facilities or
assets associated with the production, trans-
or storage of nuclear weapons or
(M) In consultation with the Chairman of
number of reported incidents, and descrip-
nomena or drones of unknown origin associ-
ated with nuclear power generating stations,
nuclear fuel storage sites, or other sites or
(2) strategic defense, space defense, defense
of controlled air space, defense of
(3) any additional existing funding sources
as may be so designated by the Secretary or
(1) REQUIREMENT.—Not later than October
31, 2022, and annually thereafter until Octo-
2026, the Director, in consultation
with the Secretary, shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress a report on
unidentified aerial phenomena.
report under
graph (1) shall include, with respect to the
year covered by the report, the following in-
(N) The names
of the line organizations
that have been designated to perform the
specific functions imposed by subsections (d)
and (e) of this section, and the specific func-
tions for which each such line organization
has been assigned primary responsibility.
Each report submitted under
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassi-
fied form, but
include a classified
(K) SEMIANNUAL BRIEFINGS.-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act
thereafter until December 31, 2026, the head
of the Office shall provide
briefings on unidentified aerial phenomena
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and
the Select Committee on Intelligence of the
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and
the Permanent
Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives.
(2) FIRST BRIEFING.—The first briefing pro-
vided under paragraph (1) shall include all
incidents involving unidentified aerial phe-
nomena that were reported to the Unidenti-
(I) Three persons appointed by the Admin-
istrator of the National Astronautics and
(II) Two persons appointed by the Adminis-
trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-
(III) Two persons appointed by the Presi-
dent of the National Academies of Sciences.
(IV) Two persons appointed by the Presi-
dent of the National Academy of Engineer-
(V) One person appointed by the President
of the National Academy of Medicine.
(VI) Three persons appointed by the Direc-
tor of the Galileo Project at Harvard Univer-
(VII) Two persons appointed by the Board
of Directors of the Scientific
Unidentified Aerospace Phenomena Studies.
(VIII) Two persons appointed by the Presi-
dent of the American Institute of Astronau-
(IX) Two persons appointed by the Director
of the Optical Technology
(X) One person appointed by the president
grammetry and Remote Sensing.
(ii) Up to five additional members, as the
Secretary and the Director jointly consider
appropriate, selected from among individuals
with requisite expertise, at least 3 of whom
shall not be employees of any Federal Gov-
ernment agency or Federal Government con-
(B) No individual may be appointed to the
the Secretary and the Directly jointly deter-
mine that the individual-
(i) qualifies for a security clearance at the

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1191, "chars": 8245, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(ii) possesses scientific, medical, or tech-
nical expertise pertinent to some aspect of
the investigation and analysis of unidenti-
fied aerial phenomena; and
(iii) has previously conducted research or
writing that demonstrates scientific, techno-
logical, or operational knowledge regarding
aspects of the subject matter, including pro-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(3) The term "transmedium objects or de-
vices' means objects or devices that are ob-
served to transition between space and the
atmosphere, or between the atmosphere and
of water, that are not immediately
term "unidentified aerial phe-
(A) airborne objects that are not imme-
diately identifiable;
(B) transmedium objects or devices; and
(C) submerged objects or devices that are
not immediately identifiable
play behavior or performance characteristics
suggesting that they may be related to the
weapons, electronics, power gen-
eration, field investigations, forensic exam-
ination of particular cases,
source and classified information regarding
domestic and foreign research
taining to unidentified aerial phenomena.
(C) The Secretary and Director may termi-
nate the membership of any individual on
the Committee upon a finding
no longer meets the criteria speci-
rector shall jointly designate a temporary
of the Committee, but at the
earliest practicable date
members, who will serve a term of 2 years,
and is eligible for re-election.
(4) EXPERT ASSISTANCE, ADVICE, AND REC-
upon invitation of the head of the Office,
provide expert assistance or advice to any
organization designated to carry
field investigations or data
thorized by subsections (d) and (e).
(B) The Committee, on its own initiative,
or at the request of the Director, the Sec-
retary, or the head of the Office, may provide
advice and recommendations regarding best
practices with respect to the gathering and
on unidentified aerial phe-
nomena in general, or commentary regarding
specific incidents, cases, or classes of uniden-
tified aerial phenomena.
(5) REPORT.—Not later than December 31,
2022, and not later than December 31 of each
year thereafter, the Committee shall submit
a report summarizing its activities and rec-
ommendations to the following:
(B) The Secretary.
(D) The Committee on Armed Services and
the Select Committee on Intelligence of the
(E) The Committee on Armed Services and
the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives.
(6) RELATION TO FACA.—For purposes of the
App.), the Committee shall be considered an
advisory committee (as defined in section 3
of such Act, except as otherwise provided in
the section or as jointly deemed warranted
by the Secretary and the Director under sec-
tion 4(b)(3) of such Act.
(7) TERMINATION OF COMMITTEE.—The Com-
mittee shall terminate on the date
six years after the date of the establishment
of the Committee.
(m) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) The term "appropriate committees of
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the
Select Committee on Intelligence,
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the
ligence, and the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs of the House of Representatives.
has the meaning given such term in section
3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50
SA 4282. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022 for
military activities of the Department
for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the
SEC. 1054. COMBATING TRAFFICKING OF CUBAN
(a) SHORT TITLE.-
-This section may be
November 4, 2021
(5) The Government of Cuba realized prof-
its in excess of $6,300,000,000 during 2018 from
sionals, of which foreign medical missions
represent the majority of the services and in-
(6) The term "severe forms of trafficking in
persons" is defined under section 103(11)(B) of
2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(11)(B)) as 'the recruit-
ment, harboring, transportation,
or obtaining of a person for labor or services,
for the purpose of subjection to involuntary
servitude, peonage, debt bondage,
(C) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that-
(1) the Government of Cuba subjects Cuban
other medical professionals to
state-sponsored human trafficking; and
(2) the Government of Cuba should imme-
and transparently respond
quests for information from the United Na-
forms of slavery and the United Nations Spe-
cial Rapporteur on trafficking in persons, es-
pecially women and children.
REPORT.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act and annually thereafter until the date
specified in subsection (f), the Secretary of
State shall submit a report to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate
and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
House of Representatives that—
(1) identifies the countries that are hosting
pating in foreign medical missions for the
Government of Cuba;
(2) to the extent feasible, includes an esti-
(A) the number of Cuban medical personnel
in each country; and
(B) the value of the financial arrangement
Government of Cuba and the
(3) describes the conditions in each country
under which Cuban medical personnel live
(4) describes the role of any international
organization in each country hosting Cuban
FINDINGS.—Congress
makes the fol-
(1) The Department of State's 2020 Traf-
report ranked Cuba
Cuba's foreign medical missions and the Gov-
of Cuba's longstanding failure to
criminalize most forms of forced labor, spe-
cifically noting allegations that Cuban au-
thorities coerced participants to remain in
foreign medical missions by-
(A) 'withholding their passports and med-
(B) 'using 'minders' to conduct
lance of participants outside of work";
(C) "restricting their movement";
members in Cuba if participants leave the
"impos[ing] criminal penalties, exile,
and family separation if participants do not
return to Cuba as directed by government
outbreak of the COVID-19
pandemic in early 2020, the Government
Cuba has deployed approximately 1,500 med-
ical personnel to at least 20 countries.
(3) The United Nations Special Rapporteur
on contemporary forms of slavery and the
United Nations Special Rapporteur on traf-
children, in their letter to the Government
of Cuba on November 6, 2019-
(A) noted reports of coercive labor
tices through the Government of Cuba's for-
eign medical missions;
(B) highlighted reports by Cuban medical
threats from Cuban officials while working
including sexual harassment
(C) expressed concern that the practices re-
ferred to in subparagraphs (A) and (B) con-
stitute slavery and trafficking in persons.
the Government of Cuba main-
tained an estimated 34,000 to 50,000 medical
personnel in more
than 60 countries
conditions that represent forced labor, ac-
cording to the Department of State.
FICKING.—In each report submitted pursuant
subsection (d), the Secretary
(1) the Cuban medical personnel in
country identified in the report are subjected
to conditions that qualify as severe forms of
trafficking in persons (as defined in section
103(11) of the Trafficking Victims Protection
Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(11))); and
gram constitutes proof of failure to make
significant efforts to
of Cuba into compliance with the minimum
standards for the elimination of trafficking
in persons (as determined under section 108
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of
2000(22 U.S.C. 7106)).
-The Secretary of State is not
required to submit the report otherwise re-
quired under subsection (d) after the date on
the Secretary submits a second con-
secutive annual report under such paragraph
that includes a determination
section (e) that Cuban medical personnel are
no longer subjected to trafficking in persons.
SA 4283. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022
military activities of the Department

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 1109, "chars": 7452, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
of Defense, for military construction,
and for defense activities
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add
REPORT ON AND DETERMINATION
WITH RESPECT TO EXPORTS BY THE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
National Intelligence jointly determine ap- At the end of title XII, add the following:
Subtitle H—Protecting Taiwan From
through (e) as subsections (d) through (f), re-
(4) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
This subtitle may be cited as the "Taiwan
CHAPTER 1—AUTHORIZATION FOR USE
OF UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES
SEC. 1292. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS.
mittee shall be chaired by the Deputy Sec-
retary of Defense, the Vice Chairman of the
Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Principal Dep-
uty Director of National Intelligence joint-
subsection (d), as redesignated by
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State, in coordination with
the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the
appropriate committees of Congress the fol-
(1) A report on exports by the Republic of
Turkey of unmanned aerial vehicles, includ-
ing the Bayraktar TB2, that includes-
and quantity of such exports since 2018;
(B) a description of any pending sale of un-
vehicles by the Republic of
(C) an assessment of whether Turkish un-
vehicles contain parts
manufactured by United States
(2) A determination with respect to wheth-
er exports of unmanned aerial vehicles by
the Republic of Turkey constitute a viola-
(A) the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C.
(B) any other applicable law; or
(C) United States sanctions policy.
(b) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS
priate committees of Congress' means-
(1) the Committee on
and the Committee on Armed Services of the
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
the Committee
on Armed Services
striking "a strategy" and inserting
(ii) by inserting "and intelligence commu-
nity" after "United States military"; and
National Security Strategy" after 'National
(B) inserting in paragraph (3)-
(i) in the matter before subparagraph (A),
'and the Director of National
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking "strat-
egy" and inserting "strategies";
and" and inserting a semicolon;
(iv) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as
(v) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the
"(D) any changes to the guidance for devel-
budget required by section 102A(C)(1)(A) of
the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C.
3024(C)(1)(A)), that may be required to imple-
(1) Taiwan is a free and prosperous democ-
racy of nearly 24,000,000 people and is an im-
portant contributor to peace and stability
(2) Section 2(b) of the Taiwan Relations
Act (Public Law 96-8; 22 U.S.C. 3301(b)) states
that it is the policy of the United States-
(A) "to preserve and promote extensive,
close, and friendly commercial, cultural, and
United States and the people on Taiwan, as
well as the people on the China mainland and
area'" to declare that peace and stability in
the area are in the political, security, and
economic interests of the United States, and
are matters of international concern';
(C) "to make clear that the United States
to establish diplomatic relations
upon the expectation that the future of Tai-
wan will be determined by peaceful means";
(D) 'to consider any effort to determine
the future of Taiwan by other than peaceful
means, including by boycotts or embargoes,
a threat to the peace and security
Western Pacific area and of grave concern to
(E) 'to provide Taiwan with arms of a de-
(vi) in subparagraph (F), as redesignated by
SA 4284. Mr. SASSE (for himself, Mr.
WARNER, and Mr. RUBIO) submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department
Defense, for military construction, and
defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title II, insert
STEERING COMMITTEE ON EMERG-
ING TECHNOLOGY AND NATIONAL
Section 236 of the William M. (Mac) Thorn-
for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116-283), is
(1) in subsection (a), by striking
"and the Director of National
Intelligence may jointly";
(2) in subsection (b), by-
(A) by striking paragraphs (3) through (8);
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing:
'(3) The Principal Deputy Director of Na-
tional Intelligence.
'(4) Such other officials of the Department
of Defense and intelligence community as
the Secretary of Defense and the Director of
(C) in paragraph (4), by inserting "and Di-
after "Secretary of Defense";
(6) by amending subsection (e), as redesig-
nated by paragraph (3), to read as follows:
'(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
'(1) The term 'emerging technology' means
technology determined to be in an emerging
phase of development by the Secretary, in-
technology, data analytics, artificial intel-
materials, software, high performance com-
biotechnology, medical
and such other technology as may
be identified by the Secretary.
'intelligence community'
has the meaning given such term in section
3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50
U.S.C. 3003)"; and
(7) in subsection (f),
as redesignated by
and inserting "October 1, 2025".
SA 4285. Mr. SCOTT of Florida sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations
for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal
year, and
for
other purposes;
which was ordered to lie on the table;
as follows:
United States to resist any resort to force or
that would jeop-
ardize the security, or the social or economic
system, of the people on Taiwan"
election of President Tsai
Ing-wen as President of Taiwan in 2016, the
Government of the People's Republic of
China has intensified its efforts to pressure
military provocations.
(4) The rapid modernization of the People's
Liberation Army and recent military maneu-
vers in and around the Taiwan Strait illus-
trate a clear threat to Taiwan's security.
(1) both the United States and Taiwan have
stering their defense relationship;
(2) the People's Republic of China has dra-
matically increased
the capability
(3) the People's Republic of China has in
recent years increased the use of its military
forces to harass and provoke Taiwan with
the threat of overwhelming force; and
(4) it is the policy of the United States to
consider any effort to determine the future
of Taiwan by anything other than peaceful
including by boycotts or embargoes,
threat to the peace and security
Western Pacific area, and of grave concern to
SEC. 1293. AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF UNITED
STATES ARMED FORCES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The President is author-
ized to use the Armed Forces of the United
States and take such other measures as the
President determines to be necessary and ap-
propriate in order to secure and protect Tai-
wan against-
(1) a direct armed attack by the military
forces of
the People's Republic of
China
against the military forces of Taiwan;

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 1223, "chars": 8159, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7818
(2) the taking of territory under the effec-
tive jurisdiction of Taiwan by the military
forces of the People's Republic of China; or
(3) the endangering of the lives of members
of the military forces of Taiwan or civilians
within the effective jurisdiction of Taiwan in
have been killed or are in imminent danger
POWERS RESOLUTION REQUIRE-
STATUTORY AUTHORIZATION.—
section 8(a)(1) of the War
Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1547(a)(1)), Con-
gress declares that this section is intended
to constitute specific statutory authoriza-
tion within the meaning of section 5(b) of the
War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1544(b)).
MENTS.—Nothing in this subtitle may be con-
strued to supersede any requirement of the
War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et
(C) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that, at the earliest possible date
after the date of the enactment of this sub-
title, the President should release a public
United States to secure and protect Taiwan
against any action of the People's Republic
of China described in paragraph (1), (2), or (3)
of subsection (a).
(d) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It is the policy
of the United States to demand that the Peo-
ple's Republic of China officially
the use or threat of military force in any at-
tempt to unify with Taiwan.
(1) IN GENERAL.—The authorization for use
of the Armed Forces under this section shall
expire on the date that is 5 years after the
date of the enactment of this Act.
(2) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that the authorization for use of
the Armed Forces under this section should
be reauthorized by a subsequent Act of Con-
CHAPTER 2-OTHER MATTERS
SEC. 1294. REGIONAL SECURITY DIALOGUE TO
SHIPS IN THE WESTERN PACIFIC
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of Defense, in coordination
with the Secretary of State and the heads of
other relevant Federal agencies, as appro-
shall seek to convene, on an annual
basis, a regional security dialogue with the
Government of Taiwan and the governments
of like-minded security partners to improve
the security relationships among the United
States and such countries in the Western Pa-
(b) MATTERS TO
gional security dialogue may consider mat-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
States, Taiwan, and, if feasible, other United
States allies and partners to improve mili-
tary coordination and relations with Taiwan.
CISES.—The Secretary of Defense, in coordi-
nation with the heads of other relevant Fed-
eral agencies, should engage with their coun-
terparts in Taiwan to organize combined dis-
aster and humanitarian relief exercises.
(C) TAIWAN STRAIT TRANSITS,
NAVIGATION OPERATIONS, AND PRESENCE OP-
Secretary of Defense should
consider increasing transits through the Tai-
wan Strait, freedom of navigation operations
ations in the Western Pacific by the United
States Navy, including in conjunction with
United States allies and partners.
(d) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that Taiwan should dedicate addi-
tional domestic resources toward advancing
its military readiness for purposes of defend-
ing Taiwan, including through-
spending as a share of gross domestic prod-
(2) procurements of defense
bolster Taiwan's asymmetric
detense capabilities;
(3)
reform of laiwan's military
reserves,
including increasing the length of training
required
and
number of days required in
service annually;
(4) participation with United States Armed
Forces in combined military exercises; and
(5) further
engagement with
the United
States on strengthening Taiwan's cyber ca-
UNITED STATES SUPPORT FOR DE-
It is the sense of Congress that-
(1) given the security considerations posed
by the People's Republic of China, the sec-
oi state should accelerate
proval of sales oi delense articles ana serv-
ices to Taiwan for purposes of defending Tai-
(2) the Secretary of Defense should offer
support to Taiwan by
(A) continuing to send United States mili-
to Taiwan for training pur-
(B) encouraging
members of the United
States Armed Forces to enroll in Taiwan's
National Defense University;
States naval presence within a close prox-
(D) reestablishing the Taiwan Patrol Force
the direction of the United
November 4, 2021
Mr. MURPHY) submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to amendment
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
4350, to authorize appropriations for
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy,
strengths for such fiscal year, and for
other purposes; which was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title X, add the following:
Subtitle H-American Security Drone Act of
SEC. 1071. SHORT TITLE.
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Amer-
ican Security Drone Act of 2021'.
In this subtitle:
(1) COVERED FOREIGN ENTITY.—The
"covered foreign entity" means an entity in-
cluded on a list developed and maintained by
the Federal Acquisition Security
include entities in the fol-
(A) An entity included on the Consolidated
Screening List.
extrajudicial direction from a foreign gov-
ernment, as determined by the Secretary of
(C) Any entity the Secretary of Homeland
Security, in coordination with the Director
of National Intelligence and the Secretary of
Defense, determines poses a national secu-
(D) Any entity domiciled in the People's
Republic of China or subject to influence or
control by the Government of the People Re-
public of China or the Communist Party of
mined by the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
(D) Any subsidiary or affiliate of an entity
described in subparagraphs (A) through (D).
(2) COVERED UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM.-
tem" has the meaning given the term
manned aircraft system' in section 44801 of
title 49, United States Code.
SEC. 1073. PROHIBITION ON PROCUREMENT OF
SYSTEMS FROM COVERED FOREIGN
military dialogue; and
(2) planning for potential military con-
UNITED STATES-TAIWAN BILATERAL
TRADE AGREEMENT.
Not later than 180 days after the date of
the enactment of this Act, the United States
Trade Representative should seek to enter
into negotiations with representatives from
Taiwan to establish a bilateral trade agree-
ment between the United States and Taiwan.
SEC. 1296.
UNITED STATES-TAIWAN COMBINED
MILITARY EXERCISES AND RELATED
ACTIONS.
(a) COMBINED
MILITARY
EXERCISES.—The
Secretary of Defense, in coordination with
the heads of other relevant Federal agencies,
should seek to carry out a program of com-
bined military exercises between the United
(a) VISIT TO TAIWAN BY THE PRESIDENT OF
-Not later than 1 year
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
President or the Secretary of State (if
priate interagency consultation and partici-
pation, should arrange a meeting in Taiwan
with the President of Taiwan.
(b) VISIT TO THE UNITED
STATES BY THE
PRESIDENT OF TAIWAN.-It is
Congress that the United States
efit from a meeting in the United States be-
State and the President of Taiwan.
SEC. 1299. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING AD-
DRESS TO JOINT SESSION OF CON-
GRESS BY PRESIDENT OF TAIWAN.
It is the sense of Congress that it would be
beneficial for the United States and Taiwan
to invite the President of Taiwan to address
a joint session of Congress and subsequently
participate in a roundtable discussion with
subsections (b) though (f), the head of an ex-
ecutive agency may not procure any covered
unmanned aircraft system that are manufac-
tured or assembled by a covered foreign enti-
ty, which includes associated elements (con-
sisting of communication links and the com-
ponents that control the unmanned aircraft)
that are required for the operator to operate
efficiently in
space system. The Federal Acquisition Secu-
rity Council, in coordination
update a list of associated elements.
(b) EXEMPTION.—The Secretary of Home-
land Security, the Secretary of Defense, and
restriction under subsection (a) if the oper-
sole purposes of research,
(B) information warfare operations;
(C) development of UAS or counter-UAS
counterterrorism or counterintel-
SA 4286. Mr. SCOTT of Florida (for
himself, Mr. HAWLEY, Mr. CoTTON, and

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 1072, "chars": 7545, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(E) Federal criminal or national security
investigations, including forensic examina-
(2) is required in the national interest of
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
Administration's Alliance for System Safety
of UAE through Research Excellence (AS-
SURE) Center of Excellence (COE) for Un-
CENTER OF EXCELLENCE FOR UNMANNED AIR-
CRAFT SYSTEMS EXEMPTION.—The Secretary
of Transportation, in consultation with the
Secretary of Homeland Security, is exempt
from the restriction under subsection (a) if
the operation or procurement is for the sole
purposes of research,
or analysis for the Federal Aviation
Administration's Alliance for System Safety
SURE) Center of Excellence (COE) for Un-
manned Aircraft Systems.
BOARD EXEMPTION.—The National Transpor-
tation Safety Board (NTSB), in consultation
with the Secretary of Homeland Security, is
section (a) if the operation or procurement is
necessary for the sole purpose of conducting
(e) NATIONAL OCEANIC ATMOSPHERIC ADMIN-
ISTRATION EXEMPTION.—The Administrator of
the National Oceanic Atmospheric Adminis-
Secretary of Homeland Security, is exempt
from the restriction under subsection (a) if
the operation or procurement is necessary
pheric science or management.
agency may waive the prohibition under sub-
section (a) on a case-by-case basis-
(1) with the approval of the
Homeland Security or the Secretary of De-
(2) upon notification to Congress.
SEC. 1074. PROHIBITION ON OPERATION OF COV-
TEMS FROM COVERED FOREIGN EN-
BOARD EXEMPTION.—The National Transpor-
tation Safety Board (NTSB), in consultation
with the Secretary of Homeland Security, is
section (a) if the operation or procurement is
necessary for the sole purpose of conducting
(e) NATIONAL OCEANIC ATMOSPHERIC ADMIN-
ISTRATION EXEMPTION.—The Administrator of
the National Oceanic Atmospheric Adminis-
Secretary of Homeland Security, is exempt
from the restriction under subsection (a) if
the operation or procurement is necessary
pheric science or management.
agency may waive the prohibition under sub-
section (a) on a case-by-case basis
(1) with the approval of the
Homeland Security or the Secretary of De-
(2) upon notification to Congress.
(g) REGULATIONS AND GUIDANCE.—Not later
than 180 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity shall prescribe regulations or guidance
SEC. 1075. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FEDERAL
FUNDS FOR PURCHASES AND OPER-
AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS FROM COVERED
the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council
shall prescribe regulations or guidance, as
necessary, to implement the requirements of
this section pertaining to Federal contracts.
SEC. 1076. PROHIBITION ON USE OF GOVERN-
MENT-ISSUED PURCHASE CARDS TO
AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS FROM COVERED
FOREIGN ENTITIES.
Effective immediately, Government-issued
Purchase Cards may not be used to procure
any covered unmanned aircraft system from
AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS FROM COVERED
GENERAL.—Effective immediately,
all executive agencies must account for ex-
isting inventories of covered unmanned air-
craft systems manufactured or assembled by
the original procurement cost, or the pur-
pose of procurement due to the special moni-
toring and accounting measures necessary to
track the items' capabilities.
(b) CLASSIFIED TRACKING.—Due to the sen-
sitive nature of missions and operations con-
ducted by the United States Government, in-
data related to covered unmanned
aircraft systems manufactured or assembled
by a covered foreign entity may be tracked
that is 2 years after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, no Federal department or
agency may operate a covered unmanned air-
craft system manufactured or assembled by
a covered foreign entity.
ICES.—The prohibition under paragraph (1)
systems that are being used by any executive
for the services of covered unmanned aircraft
(b) EXEMPTION.—The Secretary
land Security, the Secretary of Defense, and
General are exempt from the
restriction under subsection (a) if the oper-
sole purposes of research,
evaluation, training, testing,
that is 2 years after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, except as provided in sub-
section (b),
agreement, or otherwise made available may
(1) to purchase a covered unmanned air-
aircraft systems, that is manufac-
tured or assembled by a covered foreign enti-
connection with the operation of
such a drone or unmanned aircraft system.
(b) EXEMPTION.-A Federal department or
agency is exempt from the restriction under
subsection (a) if-
agreement was awarded prior to the date of
the enactment of this Act; or
(2) the operation or procurement is for the
sole purposes of research, evaluation,
ing, testing, or analysis, as determined by
Secretary of Defense, or the Attorney Gen-
fense and Department of Homeland Security
may exclude from the full inventory process,
covered unmanned aircraft systems that are
deemed expendable due to mission risk such
as recovery issues or that are one-time-use
covered unmanned aircrait due to require-
SEC. 1078. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT.
Not later than 275 days after the date of
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller
General of the United States shall submit to
Congress a report on the amount of commer-
aircraft systems procured by Fed-
eral departments and agencies from covered
foreign entities.
SEC. 1079. GOVERNMENT-WIDE POLICY FOR PRO-
(B) information warfare operations;
(C) development of UAS or counter-UAS
counterterrorism or counterintel-
(E) Federal criminal or national
investigations, including forensic examina-
(2) is required in the national interest of
the United States.
CENTER OF EXCELLENCE FOR UNMANNED AIR-
EXEMPTION.-The
of Transportation, in consultation with the
from the restriction under subsection (a) if
the operation or procurement is for the sole
purposes of research, evaluation,
testing, or analysis for the Federal Aviation
(B) information warfare operations;
(C) development of UAS
or counter-UAS
counterterrorism or counterintel-
(E) Federal criminal or national security
investigations, including forensic examina-
(F) the safe integration of UAS in the na-
tional airspace (as determined in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of Transportation);
(3) is required in the national interest of
the United States.
agency may waive the prohibition under sub-
section (a) on a case-by-case basis-
(1) with the approval of the Secretary of
Homeland Security or the Secretary of De-
(2) upon notification to Congress.
(d) REGULATIONS.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and Budget, in coordination with the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security, Department of
the Department of Justice,
and other Departments as determined by the
Director of the Office of Management and
and in consultation with the Na-
nology, shall establish a government-wide
policy for the procurement of UAS
(1) for non-Department of Defense and non-
intelligence community operations; and
(2) through grants and cooperative agree-
ments entered into with non-Federal enti-
(b) INFORMATION SECURITY.—The policy de-
veloped under subsection (a) shall include
the following specifications, which to the ex-
tent practicable, shall be based on industry
standards and technical guidance from
National Institute
of Standards
nology, to address the risks associated with
processing, storing and transmitting Federal
(1) Protections to ensure controlled access
hardware by ensuring changes to UAS are
UAS can be updated using a
trolled, and configurable mechanism.

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 1287, "chars": 8456, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7820
(3) Cryptographically
securing
sensitive
collected, stored, and transmitted data,
in-
cluding proper handling of privacy data and
other controlled unclassified information.
(4)
Appropriate
safeguards
necessary
to
protect sensitive information, including dur-
ing and after use of UAS.
(5) Appropriate data
security to ensure
that data is not transmitted to or stored in
non-approved locations.
(6) The ability to opt out of the uploading,
downloading, or transmitting of data that is
not required by law
or regulation
and an
ability to choose with whom and where in-
formation is shared when it is required.
(C) REQUIREMENT.—The policy
developed
under subsection (a) shall reflect an appro-
priate risk-based approach to information
security related to use of UAS.
(d)
REVISION
OF
ACQUISITION
REGULA-
TIONS.—Not later than 180 days after the date
Council shall revise the Federal Acquisition
Regulation, as necessary, to implement the
Federal department or agency
other Federal entity not subject to,
subject solely to,
Regulation shall revise applicable policy,
guidance, or regulations, as necessary, to im-
(e) EXEMPTION.—In developing
required under subsection (a), the Director of
the Office of Management and Budget shall
incorporate an exemption to the policy for
the following reasons:
(1) In the case of procurement for the pur-
poses of training, testing, or analysis for—
(A) electronic warfare; or
(B) information warfare operations.
of technology to
(3) In the case of a head of the procuring
department or agency determining, in writ-
that no product that complies with the
information security requirements described
in subsection (b) is capable of fulfilling mis-
sion critical performance requirements, and
such determination-
(A) may not be delegated below the level of
Secretary of the procuring de-
partment or agency;
(B) shall specify-
(i) the quantity of end items to which the
which may not exceed $50,000 per waiver; and
(ii) the time period over which the waiver
applies, which shall not exceed 3 years;
(C) shall be reported to the Office of Man-
and Budget following issuance of
(D) not later than 30 days after the date on
the determination is made,
provided to the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-
ate and the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives.
(a) INDEPENDENT STUDY.—Not later than 3
years after the date of the enactment of this
ment and Budget shall seek to enter into a
a federally funded
and development center under which the cen-
from among Members of the House of Rep-
(1) the current and future unmanned air-
craft system global and domestic market;
(2) the ability of the unmanned aircraft
system domestic market to keep pace with
technological advancements across
GENERAL.—Two of the appointed
members of the Joint Committee shall serve
The Speaker of the House of
Representatives and the majority leader of
appoint one co-
and the minority leader of the House
(3) the ability of domestically made un-
of Representatives and the minority leader
manned aircraft systems to meet the net- of the Senate shall jointly appoint the sec-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
work security and data protection require- ond co-chair.
The co-chairs shall
be
ap-
ments of the national security enterprise;
pointed not later than 14 calendar days after
(4) the extent to which unmanned aircraft
the date of the enactment of this Act.
system component parts, such as the parts
(B) STAFF DIRECTOR.—
-The co-chairs,
acting
described in section 1073, are made domesti-
jointly,
shall hire the staff director of the
cally; and
Joint Committee.
(5) an assessment of the economic impact,
(4)
DATE.
-Members of the Joint
Com-
including cost, of excluding the use of for-
mittee shall be appointed not later than 14
eign-made UAS for use across the
Federal
calendar days after the date of the enact-
Government.
ment of this Act.
(b) SUBMISSION TO OMB.—Upon completion
(5)
PERIOD
OF
APPOINTMENT.—Members
of the study in subsection (a), the federally
shall be appointed for the life of the Joint
funded
research
and development
center
Committee. Any vacancy in the Joint Com-
shall submit the study to the Director of the
mittee shall not affect its powers, but shall
Office of Management and Budget.
be filled not later than 14 calendar days after
(C)
SUBMISSION
TO
CONGRESS.
-Not later
the date on which the vacancy occurs, in the
than 30 days after the date on which the Di-
same manner as the original designation was
rector of
the
Office
of Management and
made. If a member of the Joint Committee
Budget receives the study under subsection
ceases to be a Member of the House of Rep-
(b), the Director shall submit the study to-
(1) the Committee on Homeland Security
resentatives or the Senate, as the case may
be, the member is no longer a member of the
and Governmental
Affairs and the Select
Joint Committee and a vacancy shall exist.
Committee on Intelligence of the Senate;
(C) INVESTIGATION AND REPORT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.-
(2) the Committee on Homeland Security
and the Committee on Oversight and Reform
and the Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence of the House of Representatives.
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Joint Committee shall conduct an inves-
tigation and submit to Congress a report on
the United States 2021 withdrawal from Af-
Sections 1073, 1074, and 1075 shall cease to
have effect on the date that is 5 years after
the date of the enactment of this Act.
SA 4287. Mr. SCOTT of Florida (for
himself, Mr. HAWLEY, Ms. ERNST, Mr.
TILLIS, and Mr. CRAMER) submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add
SEC. 1216. JOINT SELECT COMMITTEE ON AF-
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established a
as the "Joint Select Committee on
Afghanistan" (in this section referred to as
the "Joint Committee").
GENERAL.—The Joint Committee
shall be composed of 12 members appointed
pursuant to paragraph (2).
Committee shall be appointed as follows:
(A) The majority leader of the Senate shall
appoint 3 members from among Members of
(B) The minority leader of the senate sha.
appoint 3 members from among Members of
(C) The Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives shall appoint 3 members from among
Members of the House of Representatives.
-The report required under
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-
(A) A summary of any intelligence reports
that indicated an imminent threat at the
ceding the deadly attack on August 26, 2021,
country civilians as well as Afghan partners
United States withdrawal sce-
(B) A summary of any intelligence reports
that withdrawing military
personnel and closing United States military
installations in Afghanistan before evacu-
civilians would negatively
evacuation of United States citizens, green
and Afghan partners and thus
(C) A full review of planning by the Na-
tional Security Council, the Department of
State, and the Department of Defense for a
noncombatant evacuation from Afghanistan,
including details of all scenarios used by the
Department of State or the Department of
Defense to plan and prepare for noncombat-
(D) An analysis of the relationship between
the retrograde and noncombatant evacuation
operation plans and operations.
(E) A description of any actions that were
taken by the United States Government to
protect the safety of United States forces
threats in any withdrawal
(F) A full review of all withdrawal sce-
narios compiled by the intelligence commu-
the Department of Defense with
President Joseph R. Biden and his national
security team beginning in January 2021.
2021, date set by President Biden earlier this
(H) An analysis of United States and allied
intelligence shared with the Taliban.
(I) An analysis of any actions taken by the
prepare for a successful withdrawal.
of intelligence
formed statements and assurances made to
the American people that the Taliban would
not take over Afghanistan
that it did in August 2021.
(K) A full and unredacted transcript of the
phone call between President Joe Biden and

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 1274, "chars": 8300, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan on
(L) A summary of any documents, reports,
or intelligence that indicates whether any
members of the intelligence community, the
United States Armed Forces, or NATO part-
ners supporting the mission warned that the
Taliban would swiftly reclaim Afghanistan.
(M) A description of the extent to which
any members of the intelligence community,
the United States Armed Forces, or NATO
steps to be taken by the White House that
were ultimately rejected.
(N) An assessment of the decision not to
order a noncombatant evacuation operation
until August 14, 2021.
(O) An assessment of whose advice
timeline and the status of forces
ground before Thursday, August 12, 2021.
(P) A description of the initial views and
United States Armed Forces
and the intelligence community given to the
National Security Council and the White
garding closure of United States military in-
withdrawal of United States as-
sets, and withdrawal of United States mili-
(Q) An assessment of United States assets,
as well as any assets left behind by allies,
that could now be used by the Taliban, ISIS-
terrorist organizations oper-
ating within the region.
(R) An assessment of United States assets
slated to be delivered to Afghanistan, if any,
the delivery of which was paused because of
the President's decision to withdraw, and the
status of and plans for those assets now.
(S) An assessment of vetting procedures for
Afghan civilians
be evacuated
timeline for the decision making and ulti-
mate decisions taken to ensure that no ter-
rorist suspects, persons with ties to terror-
ists, or dangerous individuals would be ad-
mitted into third countries or the United
(T) An assessment of the discussions be-
tween the United States Government and al-
and a timeline for decision making regarding
the withdrawal of United States forces,
cluding discussion and decisions about how
to work together to repatriate all foreign na-
desiring to return to their home
(U) A review of the policy decisions with
timeline regarding all Afghan nationals and
refugees evacuated from Afghanistan
States Government
brought to third countries and
including a report on what role the
Armed Forces performed in
vetting each individual and what coordina-
tion the Departments of State and Defense
to safeguard members of
Armed Forces from infectious diseases and
(3) FORM.—The report required under para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified
form but may contain a classified annex.
(1) INITIAL MEETING.—Not later than
days after the date on which all members of
the Joint Committee have been appointed,
Joint Committee shall hold its
FREQUENCY.—The Joint Committee
shall meet at the call of the co-chairs.
(3) QUORUM.—A majority of the members of
but a lesser number of members
(4) VOTING.—No proxy voting shall be al-
lowed on behalf of the members of the Joint
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(1) IN GENERAL.—To enable the Joint Com-
mittee to exercise its powers, functions, and
duties, there are authorized to be disbursed
by the Senate the actual and necessary ex-
penses of the Joint Committee approved by
the co-chairs, subject to the rules and regu-
lations of the Senate.
(2) EXPENSES.—In carrying out its func-
tions, the Joint Committee is authorized to
incur expenses in
under the same conditions as the Joint Eco-
nomic Committee is authorized by section 11
of Public Law 79-304 (15 U.S.C. 1024 (d)).
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Joint Committee
may, for the purpose of carrying out this sec-
tion, hold such hearings, sit and act at such
times and places, require attendance of wit-
nesses and production of books, papers, and
such evidence, and administer such oaths as
the Joint Committee considers advisable.
(B) HEARING PROCEDURES AND RESPONSIBIL-
(i) ANNOUNCEMENT.—The co-chairs of the
Joint Committee
shall make a public an-
nouncement of the date, place, time, and
ducted, not less than 7 days in advance of
such hearing, unless the co-chairs determine
that there is good cause to begin such hear-
STATEMENT.—A witness ap-
pearing before the Joint Committee shall file
a written statement of proposed testimony
at least 2 calendar days before the appear-
ance of the witness, unless the requirement
is waived by the co-chairs, following their
determination that there is good cause for
failure to comply with such requirement.
(4) COOPERATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES.-
(A) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.—Upon written
request of the co-chairs, a Federal agency
Joint Committee in order for the Joint Com-
mittee to carry out its duties.
retary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the
Director of National Intelligence, the heads
of the elements of the intelligence commu-
and the National Security Council shall ex-
peditiously respond to requests for informa-
tion related to compiling the report under
(f) STAFF OF JOINT COMMITTEE.
(1) IN GENERAL.—The co-chairs of the Joint
Committee may jointly appoint and fix the
within the guidelines for employees
Senate and following all applicable
employment requirements of the
(2) ETHICAL STANDARDS.—Members on the
Joint Committee who serve in the House of
ethics rules and requirements of the House.
Senate who serve on
Joint Committee and staff of the Joint Com-
mittee shall comply with the ethics rules of
(g) TERMINATION.—The Joint Committee
shall terminate on the date that is one year
after the date of the enactment of this Act.
(h) FUNDING.—Funding for the Joint Com-
mittee shall be derived in equal portions
(1) the applicable accounts of the House of
Representatives; and
(2) the contingent fund of the Senate from
subject to the rules and regulations
of the Senate.
SA 4288. Mr. CORNYN (for himself,
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year,
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
FREIGHT CARS PLACED INTO SERV-
ICE IN THE UNITED STATES.
201 of subtitle
V of title 49. United States
Code, is amended by adding at the end the
Requirements for railroad freight
cars placed into service in the
'(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
'(1) COMPONENT.—The term
means a part or subassembly of a railroad
'(2) CONTROL.—The term 'control'
whether direct or indirect and
whether or not exercised, through the owner-
ship of a majority or a dominant minority of
the total outstanding voting interest in an
entity, representation on the board of direc-
tors of an entity, proxy voting on the board
of directors of an entity, a special share in
the entity, a contractual arrangement with
the entity, a formal or informal arrangement
to act in concert with an entity, or any other
means, to determine, direct, make decisions,
or cause decisions to be made for the entity.
'(3) COST OF SENSITIVE TECHNOLOGY.—The
the aggregate cost of the sensitive
nology located on a railroad freight car.
'country of concern' means a country that-
Commerce as a nonmarket economy country
(as defined in section 771(18) of the Tariff Act
of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(18))) as of the date of
the enactment of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022;
Trade Representative in the most recent re-
port required by section 182 of the Trade Act
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2242) as a foreign country
included on the priority watch list (as de-
fined in subsection (g) (3) of such section);
"(C) is subject to monitoring by the Trade
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2416).
'(5) NET COST.—The term 'net cost' has the
meaning given such term in chapter 4 of the
USMCA or any subsequent free trade agree-
ment between the United States, Mexico,
'(6) QUALIFIED FACILITY.—The term 'quali-
fied facility' means a facility
owned or under the control of a state-owned
'(7) QUALIFIED MANUFACTURER.—The term
freight car manufacturer that is not owned
or under the control of a state-owned enter-
RAILROAD FREIGHT CAR.—The term
'railroad freight car' means a car designed to
carry freight or railroad personnel by rail,
'(B) a refrigerator car;
'(D) an intermodal well car;

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 1157, "chars": 7931, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'(G) an auto rack car;
'(K) a tank car; and
'sensitive technology'
means any device em-
bedded with electronics, software, sensors, or
to connect to, collect data from, or exchange
data with another device, including—
'(B) remote monitoring software;
'(C) firmware;
and cellular location tracking systems;
'(F) event status sensors;
performance monitoring sensors; and
"(H) similar sensitive technologies embed-
ded into freight railcar components and sub-
'(10) STATE-OWNED ENTERPRISE.—The term
'state-owned enterprise' means-
'(A) an entity that is owned by, or under
control of, a national, provincial,
local government of a country of concern, or
an agency of such government; or
'(B) an individual acting under the direc-
tion or influence of a government or agency
described in subparagraph (A).
SUBSTANTIALLY TRANSFORMED.—The
component of a railroad freight car that un-
dergoes an applicable change in tariff classi-
process, as described in chapter 4 and related
annexes of the USMCA or any subsequent
free trade agreement between the United
States, Mexico, and Canada.
"(12) USMCA.—The term 'USMCA' has the
meaning given the term in section 3 of the
Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 4502).
'(b) REQUIREMENTS FOR RAILROAD FREIGHT
LIMITATION ON RAILROAD
CARS.—A railroad freight car wholly manu-
factured on or after the date that is 1 year
after the date of issuance of the regulations
required under subsection (c)(1) may only op-
erate on the United States general railroad
system of transportation if-
'(A) the railroad freight car is manufac-
formed, as applicable, by a qualified manu-
facturer in a qualified facility;
"(B) none of the sensitive technology lo-
cated on the railroad freight car, including
components necessary to the functionality of
the sensitive technology, originates
state-owned enterprise; and
'(C) none of the content of the railroad
excluding sensitive technology,
originates from a country of concern or is
sourced from a state-owned enterprise that
has been determined by a recognized court or
administrative agency of competent jurisdic-
tion and legal authority to have violated or
infringed valid United States intellectual
property rights of another including such a
a Federal district court under
title 35 or the U.S. International Trade Com-
mission under section 337 of the Tariff Act of
'(2) LIMITATION ON RAILROAD FREIGHT CAR
'(A) PERCENTAGE LIMITATION.—
'(i) INITIAL LIMITATION.—Not later than 1
year after the date of issuance of the regula-
tions required under subsection (c)(1), a rail-
road freight car described in paragraph (1)
may operate on the United States general
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
railroad system of transportation only if not
more than 20 percent of the content of the
railroad freight car, calculated by the net
cost of all components of the car and exclud-
ing the cost of sensitive technology, origi-
nates from a country of concern or is sourced
from a state-owned enterprise.
beginning on the date that is 3 years after
the date of issuance of the regulations re-
under subsection (c)(1),
freight car described in paragraph (1) may
operate on the United States general rail-
road system of transportation only
more than 15 percent of the content of the
cost of all components of the car and exclud-
ing the cost of sensitive technology, origi-
nates from a country of concern or is sourced
from a state-owned enterprise.
'(B) CONFLICT.
in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A), as
applicable, shall apply notwithstanding any
apparent conflict with provisions of chapter
"(C) RULEMAKING; PENALTIES.—
than 2 years after the date of the enactment
of the National Defense Authorization Act
for Fiscal Year 2022, the Secretary of Trans-
portation shall issue such regulations as are
necessary to carry out this section, includ-
ing for the monitoring and sensitive tech-
nology requirements of this section.
'(2) CERTIFICATION REQUIRED.-
ble to provide a railroad freight car for oper-
ation on the United States general railroad
system of transportation, the manufacturer
of such car shall annually certify to the Sec-
retary of Transportation that any railroad
freight cars to be so provided meet the re-
quirements under this section.
VALID CERTIFICATION REQUIRED.—At
the time a railroad freight car begins oper-
ation on the United States general railroad
system of transportation, the manufacturer
of such railroad freight car shall have valid
certification described in paragraph
the year in which such car begins operation.
"(B) REGISTRATION OF NONCOMPLIANT CARS
PROHIBITED.—A railroad freight car manufac-
istered, a railroad freight car that does not
comply with the requirements under
section in the Association of American Rail-
November 4, 2021
SA 4289. Mrs. HYDE-SMITH sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year, and for other
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the end of subtitle F of title V, add the
SEC. 583. SPACE-AVAILABLE TRAVEL FOR FAMILY
MEMBERS OF MEMBERS OF ARMED
IN ACTIVE MILITARY, NAVAL, AIR,
(a) EXPANSION
2641b(c) of title 10, United States Code, is
(1) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-
(2) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lings of members of the armed forces who die
while serving in the active military,
air, or space service (as that term is defined
(b) RELATED INSTRUCTION.—Not later than
90 days after the date of the enactment of
this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall re-
4515.13 to ensure that individuals eligible for
space-available travel on aircraft of the De-
2641b(c) of title 10, United States Code, as
amended by subsection (a), are placed in a
of travelers not lower than cat-
GENERAL.—Pursuant to
21301, the Secretary of Transportation may
$100,000, and not more than $250,000, for each
violation of this section for each railroad
'(B) PROHIBITION ON OPERATION FOR VIOLA-
Transportation
may prohibit a railroad freight car manufac-
respect to which the Secretary
has assessed more than 3 violations under
subparagraph (A) from providing
railroad freight cars for operation on the
the Secretary
manufacturer pursuant to subparagraph (A)
(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The analysis
United States Code, is amended by adding at
Requirements for railroad freight
cars placed into service in the
United States.".
an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year, and for other purposes;
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the end of subtitle B of title X, add the
SEC. 1013. REPORT ON THE USE OF CERTAIN
FUNDING FOR COUNTER-NARCOTICS
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than March 1,
2022, the Secretary of Defense shall submit
to the Committee on Armed Services of the
Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices of the House of Representatives a report
on the use of funding made available for pro-
grams under section 333 of title 10, United
States Code, for counter-narcotics missions
-The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following:
(1) The amount of funding made available
under section 333 of title 10.
counter-narcotics missions in Central Asia,
specifically to counter illicit trafficking op-
Central Asia, during the five-year period pre-
ceding the date of the enactment of this Act.
(2) The amount of funding made available
for other programs, including under section

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 1116, "chars": 7754, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
284 of title 10, United States Code, that has
been used to counter illicit trafficking oper-
ations emanating from Afghanistan and Cen-
tral Asia during
the five-year period pre-
ceding the date of the enactment of this Act.
(3) An assessment of whether funding made
available for programs under section
title 10, United States Code, can be used to
previously supplied by the United States to
counter-narcotics purposes on borders and at
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(6) the benefits of domestic content pro-
curement preferences extend
SA 4291. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end, add the following:
DIVISION E-SECURING AMERICA'S
This division may be cited as the 'Secur-
ing America's Future Act".
TITLE I-ENSURING DOMESTIC
MANUFACTURING CAPABILITIES
Subtitle A-Build America, Buy America
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Build
America, Buy America Act"
PART I-BUY AMERICA SOURCING
(1) the United States must make signifi-
cant investments to install, upgrade, or re-
place the public works infrastructure of the
(2) with respect to investments in the in-
frastructure of the United States, taxpayers
expect that their public works infrastructure
turing, domestic content procurement pref-
and processes using the highest labor and en-
vironmental standards in the world;
domestic content procurement
preference policies act to prevent shifts in
production to countries that rely on produc-
tion practices that are significantly less en-
ergy efficient and far more polluting than
(9) for over 75 years,
Buy America and
other domestic content procurement pref-
States procurement policy, ensuring that the
United States can build and rebuild the in-
frastructure of the United States with high-
quality American-made materials;
(10) before the date of enactment of this
Act, a domestic content procurement pref-
apply only to a narrow scope of products and
materials, or may be limited by waiver with
respect to many infrastructure programs,
grams, including programs for roads, high-
public transportation,
dams, ports, harbors, and other maritime fa-
cilities, intercity passenger and freight rail-
roads, freight and intermodal facilities, air-
and wastewater systems,
ties, broadband infrastructure, and buildings
and real property;
America laws create demand for
domestically produced goods, helping to sus-
tain and grow domestic manufacturing and
the millions of jobs domestic manufacturing
supports throughout product supply chains;
(12) as of the date of enactment of this Act,
policies apply to all Federal Government
procurement and to various Federal-aid in-
(13) a robust domestic manufacturing sec-
tor is a vital component of the national secu-
(14) as more manufacturing operations of
the United States have moved offshore,
strength and readiness of the defense indus-
trial base of the United States has been di-
(15) domestic content procurement pref-
States that is an "agency" (as defined in sec-
tion 3502 of title
other than an independent regulatory agency
(4) FEDERAL FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE.
(A) IN GENERAL.—The term 'Federal finan-
cial assistance"
has the meaning given the
term in section 200.1 of title 2, Code of Fed-
eral Regulations (or successor regulations).
(B) INCLUSION.—The term
"Federal finan-
cial assistance' includes all expenditures by
a Federal agency to a non-Federal entity for
an infrastructure project, except that it does
not include expenditures for assistance au-
or 502 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Re-
lief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C
5170a, 5170b, 5170c, 5172, 5174, or 5192) relating
to a major disaster or emergency declared by
the President under section 401
of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5170,
or pre and post disaster or emergency re-
INFRASTRUCTURE.—The term
facilities, and equipment for, in
(A) roads, highways, and bridges;
(C) dams, ports, harbors, and other mari-
(D) intercity passenger
(E) freight and intermodal facilities;
water and wastewater systems;
(H) electrical transmission facilities and
(J) broadband infrastructure; and
(K) buildings and real property.
(6) PRODUCED IN THE UNITED STATES.—The
(3) United States taxpayer dollars invested
in public infrastructure should not be used
to reward companies that have moved their
operations, investment dollars,
ticularly those that do not share or openly
flout the commitments of the United States
to environmental, worker, and workplace
(4) in procuring materials for public works
taxpayer-financed
Federal assistance should give a common-
sense procurement preference for the
and workers in the United States in accord-
ance with the high ideals embodied in the en-
vironmental, worker, workplace safety, and
other regulatory requirements of the United
(5) common construction materials used in
public works infrastructure projects, includ-
ing steel, iron, manufactured products, non-
ferrous metals,
polymer-based
products (including polyvinylchloride, com-
posite building materials, and polymers used
in fiber optic cables), concrete and other ag-
gregates, glass (including optic glass), lum-
ber, and drywall are not adequately covered
a domestic content procurement
erence, thus limiting the impact of taxpayer
purchases to enhance supply chains in the
national obligations of the
United States;
(B) together with the government procure-
ments to which the laws apply, are impor-
tant levers for ensuring that United States
manufacturers can access the government
procurement markets of the trading partners
(A) in the case of iron or steel products,
that all manufacturing processes, from the
initial melting stage through the application
of coatings, occurred in the United States;
(B) in the case of manufactured products,
(i) the manufactured product was manufac-
tured in the United States; and
(ii) the cost of the components of the man-
ufactured product that are mined, produced,
greater than 55 percent of the total cost of
all components of the manufactured product,
unless another standard for determining the
minimum amount of domestic content of the
manufactured product has been established
under applicable law or regulation; and
(C) in the case of construction materials,
that all manufacturing processes for the con-
struction material occurred in the United
(1) DEFICIENT PROGRAM.—The term "defi-
means a program identified
by the head of a Federal agency under sec-
(2) DOMESTIC CONTENT PROCUREMENT PREF-
"domestic content pro-
that no amounts made available through a
may be obligated for a project unless-
(A) all iron and steel used in the project
are produced in the United States;
(B) the manufactured products used in the
project are produced in the United States; or
(C) the construction materials used in the
project are produced in the United States.
(3) FEDERAL AGENCY.—The term
agency' means any authority of the United
or repair of infrastructure
in the United
SEC. 4113. IDENTIFICATION OF DEFICIENT PRO-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days
after the date of enactment of this Act, the
head of each Federal agency shall—
(1) submit to the Office of Management and
Budget and to Congress, including a separate
committee, a report that identifies each Fed-
eral financial assistance program for infra-
structure administered by the Federal agen-
(2) publish in the Federal Register the re-
port under paragraph (1).
the head of each
agency shall, for each Federal financial as-

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 1179, "chars": 8281, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(1) identify all domestic content procure-
ment preferences applicable to the Federal
(2) assess the applicability of the domestic
ments, including
(A) section 313 of title 23, United States
(B) section 5323(j) of title 49, United States
section 22905(a)
title 49, United
(D) section 50101 of title 49, United States
(E) section 603 of the Federal Water Pollu-
tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1388);
(F) section 1452(a)(4) of the Safe Drinking
Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j-12(a)(4));
(G) section 5035 of the Water Infrastructure
Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(C) WRITTEN JUSTIFICATION.—Before issuing
a waiver under subsection (b), the head of
the Federal agency shall-
(1) make publicly available in an easily ac-
cessible location on a website designated by
the Office of Management and Budget and on
the website of the Federal agency a detailed
written explanation for the proposed
mination to issue the waiver; and
(2) provide a period of not less than 15 days
for public comment on the proposed waiver.
(d) AUTOMATIC SUNSET ON WAIVERS OF GEN-
IN GENERAL.—A
general applicability
waiver issued under subsection (b) shall ex-
pire not later than 2 years after the date on
(2) REISSUANCE.
agency may reissue a general applicability
(A) publishing in the Federal Register a
(1) describes the justification for reissuing
a general applicability waiver; and
(ii) requests public comments for a period
of not less than 30 days; and
second notice that-
the public comments re-
ceived in response to the first notice; and
the general applicability waiver will be re-
November 4, 2021
(D) section 50101 of title 49, United States
(E) any other domestic content
ment preference for an infrastructure project
under the jurisdiction of the Secretary.
means the Secretary of Transportation.
(b) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PARTNERSHIP.—
Not later than 90 days after the date of the
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall
enter into a technical assistance partnership
Secretary of Commerce,
the Director of the National Insti-
tute of Standards and Technology-
(1) to ensure the development of a domestic
supply base to support intermodal transpor-
tation in the United States, such as intercity
high speed rail transportation, public trans-
portation systems, highway construction or
preference included in an appropriations Act;
(I) any other domestic content procure-
ment preference in Federal law (including
(3) provide details on any applicable do-
mestic content procurement preference
quirement, including the purpose, scope, ap-
and any exceptions and waivers
issued under the requirement; and
(4) include a description of the type of in-
frastructure projects
under the program, including information re-
(A) the number of entities that are partici-
pating in the program;
(B) the amount of Federal funds that are
made available for the program for each fis-
(C) any other information the head of the
Federal agency determines to be relevant.
(C) LIST OF DEFICIENT PROGRAMS.—In the
report under subsection (a), the head of each
Federal agency shall include a list of Federal
financial assistance programs for infrastruc-
which a domestic content procurement pref-
erence requirement-
(1) does not apply in a manner consistent
(2) is subject to a waiver of general applica-
bility not limited to the use of specific prod-
ucts for use in a specific project.
SEC. 4114. APPLICATION OF BUY AMERICA PREF-
(a) IN GENERAL.-
-Not later than 180 days
after the date of enactment of this Act, the
head of each Federal agency shall ensure
that none of the funds made available for a
Federal financial assistance program for in-
frastructure, including
each deficient pro-
gram, may be obligated for a project unless
all of the iron, steel, manufactured products,
project are produced in the United States.
(b) WAIVER.—The head of a Federal agency
that applies a domestic content procurement
preference under this section may waive the
application of that preference in any case in
which the head of the Federal agency finds
(1) applying the domestic content procure-
ment preference would be inconsistent with
(2) types of iron, steel, manufactured prod-
or construction materials are not pro-
duced in the United States in sufficient and
reasonably available quantities or of a satis-
factory quality; or
(3) the inclusion of iron, steel, manufac-
produced in the United States will increase
the cost of the overall project by more than
-This section shall be applied
in a manner consistent with United States
obligations under international agreements.
SEC. 4115. OMB GUIDANCE AND STANDARDS.
-The Director of the Office
of Management and Budget shall-
(1) issue guidance to the head of each Fed-
(A) to assist in identifying deficient pro-
grams under section 4113(c); and
(B) to assist in applying new domestic con-
tent procurement preferences under section
(2) if necessary, amend subtitle A of title 2,
Code of Federal Regulations (or successor
procurement preference requirements
required by this part or other Federal law
are imposed through the terms and condi-
tions of awards of Federal financial assist-
(b) STANDARDS FOR CONSTRUCTION MATE-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of enactment of this Act, the
Office of Management and
Budget shall issue standards that define the
term "all manufacturing processes" in the
case of construction materials.
under paragraph (1), the Director shall-
(A) ensure that the standards require that
each manufacturing process required for the
and the inputs of the construction material
occurs in the United States; and
(B) take into consideration and seek to
maximize the direct and indirect jobs bene-
fited or created in the production of the con-
struction material.
PORTING DEPARTMENT OF TRANS-
PORTATION BUY AMERICA REQUIRE-
America law' means-
(A) section 313 of title 23, United States
(B) section 5323(j) of title 49, United States
(C) section 22905(a) of title 49, United
under the jurisdiction of the Secretary;
(2) to ensure compliance with Buy America
laws that apply to a project that receives as-
sistance from the Federal Highway Adminis-
tration, the Federal Transit Administration,
Federal Aviation Administration, or another
office or modal administration of the Sec-
retary of Transportation;
(3) to encourage technologies developed
with the support of and resources from the
Secretary to be transitioned into commer-
cial market and applications; and
(4) to establish procedures for consultation
(C) CONSULTATION.—Before granting a writ-
ten waiver under a Buy America law,
Secretary shall consult with the Director of
the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Part-
nership regarding whether there is a domes-
tic entity that could provide the iron, steel,
terial that is the subject of the proposed
(d) ANNUAL REPORT.—Not later than 1 year
after the date of enactment of this Act, and
annually thereafter, the Secretary shall sub-
Science, and Transportation, the Committee
on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs,
Works, and the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-
ate and the Committee on Transportation
and Infrastructure and the Committee
Oversight and Reform of the House of Rep-
resentatives a report that includes
(1) a detailed description of the consulta-
tion procedures developed under subsection
(2) a detailed description of each waiver re-
quested under a Buy America law in the pre-
ceding year that was subject to consultation
under subsection (c), and the results of the
(3) a detailed description of each
granted under a Buy America law in the pre-
ceding year, including the type of waiver and
the reasoning for granting the waiver; and
(4) an update on challenges and gaps in the
domestic supply base identified in
out subsection (b)(1), including a list of ac-
tions and policy changes the
taken to address those chal-
lenges and gaps.
(a) IN GENERAL.—This part shall apply to a
Federal financial assistance program for in-
frastructure only to the extent that a domes-
content procurement preference as de-
scribed in section 4114 does not already apply
manufactured products, and
construction materials.
PROVISION.—Nothing in
part affects a domestic content procurement
preference for a Federal financial assistance

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 1181, "chars": 8125, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
program for infrastructure that is in effect include positions related to management, re-
and that meets the requirements of section
search and development, or engineering and
PART II-MAKE IT IN AMERICA
(2) ASSESSMENT ON USE OF DUMPED OR SUB-
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Director of the Office of Management
and Budget ('Director'), acting through the
Administrator for Federal Procurement Pol-
icy and, in consultation with the Federal Ac-
quisition Regulatory Council, shall promul-
final regulations or other policy
standardize and simplify how Federal agen-
cies comply with, report on, and enforce the
Buy American Act. The regulations or other
clude, at a minimum, the following:
(1) Guidelines for Federal agencies to de-
for the purposes of applying sec-
tions 8302(a) and 8303(b)(3) of title 41, United
States Code, the circumstances under which
the acquisition of articles, materials, or sup-
the United States is inconsistent with the
public interest.
(2) Guidelines to ensure Federal agencies
appropriate considerations, including antici-
pated project delays and lack of substitut-
able articles, materials, and supplies mined,
States, when making determinations of non-
availability under section 8302(a)(1) of title
(3)(A) Uniform procedures for each Federal
agency to make publicly available, in an eas-
ily identifiable location on the website of the
agency, and within the following time peri-
ods, the following information:
cumstances in which the head of the agency
the requirements of the Buy
(ii) Each waiver made by the head of the
days after making such
waiver, including a justification
cient detail to explain the basis for the waiv-
(B) The procedures established under this
paragraph shall ensure that the head of an
agency, in consultation with the head of the
America Office established under
section 4123(a), may limit the publication of
other information that could damage
(4) Guidelines for Federal agencies to en-
sure that a project is not disaggregated for
purposes of avoiding the applicability of the
requirements under the Buy American Act.
(5) An increase to the price preferences for
domestic end products and
(6) Amending the definitions of 'domestic
material" to ensure that iron and steel prod-
made with domestic components.
(b) GUIDELINES RELATING TO WAIVERS.-
(1) INCONSISTENCY WITH PUBLIC INTEREST.—
guidelines developed under subsection (a)(1),
waivers related to contract awards that-
(1) result in a decrease in employment in
among entities that manufacture the arti-
cles, materials, or supplies; or
would decrease domestic employment.
(B) COVERED EMPLOYMENT.—For purposes of
subparagraph (A), employment refers to posi-
tions directly involved in the manufacture of
articles, materials, or supplies, and does not
permitted by law, before granting a waiver
in the public interest to the guidelines devel-
oped under subsection (a)(1) with respect to a
product sourced from a foreign country,
Federal agency shall assess whether a sig-
nificant portion of the cost advantage of the
steel, iron, or manufactured goods or the use
of injuriously subsidized steel, iron, or man-
CONSULTATION.—The Federal
assessment under subpara-
graph (A) shall consult with the
the assessment if the agency considers such
(C) USE OF FINDINGS.—The Federal agency
graph (A) shall integrate any findings from
the assessment into its waiver determina-
(C) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON INCREASING DO-
MESTIC CONTENT REQUIREMENTS.-
sense of Congress that the Federal Acquisi-
Acquisition Regulation to increase
the domestic content requirements for do-
mestic end products and domestic construc-
tion material to 75 percent, or, in the event
of no qualifying offers, 60 percent.
(d) DEFINITION OF END PRODUCT MANUFAC-
than 1 year after the date of the enactment
of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regu-
Council shall amend part 25 of the
Federal Acquisition Regulation to provide a
definition for "end product manufactured in
involved in the production of such iron and
steel, from the initial melting stage through
the application of coatings, occurs in the
'(2) LIMITATION ON EXCEPTION FOR COMMER-
Notwithstanding any law
the contrary, including section 1907 of this
title and the Federal Acquisition Regulation,
the requirements of this section apply to all
iron and steel articles, materials,
in contracts described in sub-
(C) ANNUAL REPORT.—Subsection (b) of sec-
tion 8302 of title 41, United States Code, is
occur domestically.
AMENDMENTS RELATING TO BUY
(a) SPECIAL RULES RELATING TO AMERICAN
MATERIALS REQUIRED FOR PUBLIC USE.—Sec-
tion 8302 of title 41, United States Code,
amended by adding at the end the following
new subsection:
RULES.—The following rules
apply in carrying out the provisions of sub-
'(1) IRON AND STEEL MANUFACTURED IN THE
UNITED STATES.—For purposes of this section,
manufactured articles, materials, and sup-
plies of iron and steel are deemed manufac-
tured in the United States only if all manu-
facturing processes involved in the produc-
tion of such iron and steel, from the initial
stage through the application
coatings, occurs in the United States.
'(2) LIMITATION ON EXCEPTION FOR COMMER-
Notwithstanding any law or regulation
the contrary,
including section 1907 of this
title and the Federal Acquisition Regulation,
the requirements of this section apply to all
iron and steel articles, materials,
PRODUCTION OF IRON AND STEEL FOR
(1) by redesignating subsection (C) as sub-
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
"(1) PRODUCTION OF IRON AND STEEL.—For
purposes of this section, manufactured arti-
cles, materials, and supplies of iron and steel
States only if all manufacturing processes
'(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the end of the fiscal year during which
the Build America, Buy America Act is en-
and annually thereafter for 4 years,
the Director of the Office of Management
and Budget, in consultation with the Admin-
istrator of General Services, shall submit to
the Committee on Homeland Security
Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the
Committee on Oversight and Reform of the
House of Representatives a report on
eral agencies in the relevant fiscal year of
articles, materials, or supplies acquired from
entities that mine, produce, or manufacture
the articles, materials, or supplies outside
'(2) EXCEPTION FOR INTELLIGENCE COMMU-
NITY.—This subsection does not apply to ac-
quisitions made by an agency, or component
of an agency, that is an element of the intel-
ligence community as specified in, or des-
ignated under, section 3 of the National Se-
curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003).".
(d) DEFINITION.—Section 8301 of title 41,
United States Code, is amended by adding at
the end the following new paragraph:
agency' has the meaning given the term 'ex-
ecutive agency' in section 133 of this title.".
United States Code, is amended—
(A) in paragraph (1)-
(i) by striking "department or independent
establishment" and inserting 'Federal agen-
(ii) by striking "their acquisition to be in-
consistent with the public interest or their
unreasonable"
"their acquisition to
the public interest, their cost to be unrea-
sonable, or that the articles,
supplies of the class or kind to be used, or
which they are manufactured, are not mined,
States in sufficient and reasonably available
commercial quantities and of a satisfactory
(B) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-
graph (B) to read as follows:
'(B) to any articles, materials, or supplies
procured pursuant to a reciprocal defense
procurement memorandum of understanding
(as described in section 8304 of this title), or
a trade agreement or least developed country
designation described in subpart 25.400 of the
Federal Acquisition Regulation; and'; and
(2) in section 8303-
(i) by striking "department or independent
establishment' each place it appears and in-
serting "Federal agency";
(ii) by amending subparagraph (B) of para-
''(B) to any articles, materials, or supplies
procured pursuant to
a reciprocal defense
procurement memorandum of understanding
described in section 8304), or a

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 1196, "chars": 8164, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
agreement or least developed country des-
ignation described in subpart 25.400 of the
Federal Acquisition Regulation; and"; and
(iii) in paragraph (3)-
SISTENT WITH PUBLIC INTEREST' and inserting
"WAIVER AUTHORITY'; and
consistent with the public interest or their
unreasonable"
"their acquisition to be inconsistent with
the public interest, their cost to be unrea-
sonable, or that the articles, materials,
supplies of the class or kind to be used, or
or
supplies from
which they are manufactured, are not mined,
States in sufficient and reasonably available
commercial quantities and of a satisfactory
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(C) outside the United States-
(i) under each category of waiver under the
Buy American Act;
(ii) under each category of exception under
(iii) for each country that mined, produced,
articles, materials,
(2) For each fiscal year covered by the re-
(A) the dollar value of any articles, mate-
rials, or supplies that were mined, produced.
or manufactured outside the
in the aggregate and by country;
(B) an itemized list of all waivers
under the Buy American Act with respect to
November 4, 2021
(f) DOMESTIC PREFERENCE STATUTE DE-
FINED.—In this section, the term
preference statute' means any
(2) a Buy America law (as that term is de-
fined in section 4116(a));
and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (6 U.S.C. 453b)
subsection (b)(1) of this section,
"department, bureau, agency, or independent
establishment" each place it appears and in-
(f) EXCLUSION FROM INFLATION ADJUSTMENT
ACQUISITION-RELATED DOLLAR
Subparagraph (A) of section 1908(b)(2)
of title 41, United States Code, is amended by
and inserting chap-
SEC. 4123. MADE IN AMERICA OFFICE.
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Director of the
Office of Management and Budget shall es-
tablish within the Office of Management and
Budget an office to be known as the 'Made
America Office". The head of the office
shall be appointed by the Director of the Of-
fice of Management and Budget (in this sec-
tion referred to as the 'Made in America Di-
(b) DUTIES.—The Made in America Director
shall have the following duties:
(1) Maximize and enforce compliance with
domestic preference statutes.
(2) Develop and implement procedures to
review waiver requests or inapplicability re-
quests related to domestic preference stat-
(3) Prepare the reports required under sub-
sections (c) and (e).
(4) Ensure that Federal contracting
financial assistance personnel, and
non-Federal recipients are regularly trained
on obligations under the Buy American Act
(5) Conduct the review of reciprocal
fense agreements required under subsection
(6) Ensure that Federal agencies, Federal
financial assistance recipients, and the Hol-
lings Manufacturing Extension Partnership
partner with each other to promote compli-
ance with domestic preference statutes.
(7) Support executive branch efforts to de-
velop and sustain a domestic supply base to
meet Federal procurement requirements.
REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after the
date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-
tor of the Office of Management and Budget,
working through the Made in America Direc-
shall report to the relevant congres-
sional committees on the extent to which, in
each of the three fiscal years prior to the
date of enactment of this Act, articles, mate-
or supplies acquired by the Federal
Government were mined, produced, or manu-
factured outside the United States.
port shall include for each Federal agency
(1) A summary of total procurement funds
expended on articles, materials, and supplies
mined, produced, or manufactured-
(A) inside the United States;
(B) outside the United States; and
materials, or supplies were mined, produced.
(C) if any articles, materials,
produce, or manufacture such articles, mate-
rials, or supplies outside the
due to an exception (that is not the micro-
under section 8302(a)(2)(C) of title 41, United
States Code), the specific exception that was
used to purchase such articles, materials, or
(De tauired item materies or sumlies
produce, or manufacture such articles, mate-
rials, or supplies outside the United States
pursuant to a reciprocal defense procure-
ment memorandum of understanding (as de-
States Code), or a trade agreement or least
developed country designation described in
Regulation, a citation to such memorandum
of understanding, trade agreement, or des-
(3) A description of the methods used by
calculate the
centage domestic content of articles, mate-
rials, and supplies mined, produced, or manu-
factured in the United States.
(d) REVIEW OF RECIPROCAL DEFENSE AGREE-
(1) REVIEW OF PROCESS.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Made in America Director shall re-
view the Department of Defense's use of re-
ciprocal defense agreements to determine if
tional access and report the findings of the
review to the Director of the Office of Man-
Budget, the Secretary of De-
fense, and the Secretary of State.
(2) REVIEW OF RECIPROCAL
MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING.—The Made
in America Director shall review reciprocal
entered into after the date of the enactment
of this Act between the Department of De-
fense and its counterparts in foreign govern-
ments to assess whether domestic
under the memoranda of understanding and
report the findings of the review to the Di-
Budget, the Secretary of Defense, and
(e) REPORT ON USE OF MADE IN
-The Made in America Director shall
submit to the relevant congressional
mittees a summary of each report on the use
of Made in America Laws received by
America Director pursuant to sec-
tion 11 of Executive Order 14005, dated Janu-
ary 25, 2021 (relating to ensuring the future is
made in all of America by all of America's
workers) not later than 90
date of the enactment of this Act or receipt
of the reports required under section 11 of
such Executive Order, whichever is later.
(5) section 2533b of title 10 (commonly re-
ferred to as the "specialty metals clause');
(6) laws requiring domestic preference for
maritime transport, including the Merchant
1920 (Public Law 66-261), com-
monly known as the "Jones Act"; and
(7) any other law, regulation, rule, or exec-
utive order relating to Federal financial as-
or provides a preference for,
the purchase or acquisition of goods, prod-
ucts, or materials produced in the
including iron, steel, construction
material, and manufactured goods offered in
SEC. 4124. HOLLINGS MANUFACTURING EXTEN-
SION PARTNERSHIP ACTIVITIES.
(a) USE OF HOLLINGS MANUFACTURING Ex-
TENSION PARTNERSHIP TO REFER NEW BUSI-
NESSES TO CONTRACTING OPPORTUNITIES.
head of each Federal agency shall work with
the Director of the Hollings Manufacturing
Extension Partnership, as necessary, to en-
sure businesses participating in this Partner-
ship are aware of their contracting opportu-
(b) AUTOMATIC ENROLLMENT IN GSA ADVAN-
TAGE!.—The Administrator of the
Services Administration and the Secretary
of Commerce, acting through the Under Sec-
retary of Commerce for Standards and Tech-
nology, shall jointly ensure that each busi-
ness that participates in the Hollings Manu-
Partnership is auto-
ministration Advantage!.
SEC. 4125. UNITED STATES OBLIGATIONS UNDER
INTERNATIONAL AGREEMENTS.
and the amendments made by
this part, shall be applied in a manner con-
sistent with United States obligations under
international agreements.
Amendment' means section 2533a of title 10,
American Act" means chapter 83 of title 41,
United States Code.
(3) FEDERAL AGENCY.—The term
"executive agency" in section 133 of title 41,
United States Code.
committees" means-
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on
Commerce, Science, and Transportation,
Works, the Committee on Banking, Housing,
Armed Services of the Senate; and
(B) the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form, the Committee on Armed Services, and
the Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives.
spect to the acquisition of an article, mate-
rial, or supply for public use,
applicability of chapter 83 of title 41, United
States Code, to the acquisition by reason of
any of the following determinations under
section 8302(a)(1) or 8303(b) of such title:

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 1185, "chars": 7999, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
Federal agency concerned that the acquisi-
tion is inconsistent with the public interest.
(B) A determination by the head of the
the acquisition is unreasonable.
determination
the head of the
Federal agency concerned that the article,
material, or supply is not mined, produced,
or manufactured in the United States in suf-
ficient and reasonably available commercial
quantities of a satisfactory quality.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
Buy American laws, to the extent they
apply, and minimize the use of waivers; and
available data to routinely audit its compli-
ance with Buy American laws.
ASSESSMENT OF IMPACT OF FREE
150 days after the date of
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of
resentative, and the Director of the Office of
Management and Budget shall assess the im-
pacts in a publicly available report of all
States free trade
Government Procurement, and Federal per-
mitting processes on the operation of Buy
American laws, including their impacts on
striking "section 2533b" and inserting "sec-
BERRY AMENDMENT REFERENCE.—Sec-
tion 4126(1) is amended by striking
2533a" and inserting "section 4862"
this section shall take effect
Subtitle B—BuyAmerican.gov
'Buy American.gov Act of 2021".
(1) BUY AMERICAN LAW.—The term
American law' means any law, regulation,
Executive order, or rule relating to Federal
that requires or provides a preference for the
purchase or use of goods, products, or mate-
mined, produced, or manufactured in
the United States, including-
(A) chapter 83 of title 41, United States
Code (commonly referred
(B) section 5323(j) of title 49, United States
(C) section 313 of title 23, United States
(D) section 50101 of title 49, United States
(E) section 24405 of title 49, United States
(F) section 608 of the Federal Water Pollu-
tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1388);
(G) section 1452(a)(4) of the Safe Drinking
Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j-12(a)(4));
(H) section 5035 of the Water Resources Re-
form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C.
(I) section 2533a of title 10, United States
Code (commonly referred to
as the "Berry
(J) section 2533b of title 10, United States
(2) EXECUTIVE AGENCY.—The term
tive agency" has the meaning given the term
"agency' in paragraph (1) of section 3502 of
not include an independent regulatory
agency, as that term is defined in paragraph
(3) BUY AMERICAN WAIVER.—The term 'Buy
American waiver''
refers to an exception to
or waiver of any Buy American law, or the
terms and conditions used by an agency in
granting an exception to or waiver from Buy
SEC. 4135. JUDICIOUS USE OF WAIVERS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—To the extent permitted
by law, a Buy American waiver that is deter-
mined by an agency head or other relevant
official to be in the public interest shall be
construed to ensure the maximum utiliza-
tion of goods, products, and materials pro-
duced in the United States.
(b) PUBLIC INTEREST WAIVER DETERMINA-
TIONS.—To the extent permitted by law, de-
termination of public interest waivers shall
be made by the head of the agency with the
authority over the Federal financial assist-
award or Federal procurement under
consideration.
BUYAMERICAN.GOV WEBSITE.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Administrator of General Services shall
an Internet website with the ad-
dress Buy American gov that will be publicly
available and free to access. The website
shall include information on all waivers of
and exceptions to Buy American laws since
the date of the enactment of this Act that
have been requested, are
agencies and be designed to enable manufac-
turers and other interested parties to easily
identify waivers. The website shall also in-
clude the results of routine audits to deter-
mine data errors and Buy American law vio-
lations after the award of a contract.
website shall provide publicly available con-
(b) UTILIZATION OF EXISTING WEBSITE.—The
requirements of subsection (a) may be met
a Buy American waiver to satisfy an urgent
contracting need in an unforeseen and exi-
(C) INFORMATION AVAILABLE TO THE EXECU-
TIVE AGENCY CONCERNING THE REQUEST.
(1) REQUIREMENT.—No Buy American waiv-
er for purposes of awarding a contract may
be granted if, in contravention of subsection
(A) information about the waiver was not
made available on the website under section
(B) no opportunity for public comment
concerning the request was granted.
(2) SCOPE.—Information made available to
the public concerning the request included
on the website described in section 4136 shall
properly and adequately document and jus-
statutory basis cited for the re-
Such information shall in-
(A) a detailed justification for the use of
or materials mined, pro-
duced, or manufactured outside the United
(B) for requests citing unreasonable cost as
the statutory basis of the waiver, a compari-
son of the cost of the domestic product to
the cost of the foreign product or a compari-
son of the overall cost of the project with do-
mestic products to the overall cost of the
project with foreign-origin products or serv-
ices, pursuant to the requirements of the ap-
plicable Buy American law, except that pub-
licly available cost comparison data may be
provided in lieu of proprietary pricing infor-
(C) for requests citing the public interest
as the statutory basis for the waiver, a de-
tailed written statement, which shall include
all appropriate factors, such as potential ob-
justifying why the requested waiver is in the
public interest; and
(D) a certification that the procurement
official or assistance recipient made a good
faith effort to solicit bids for domestic prod-
ucts supported by terms included in requests
contracts, and nonproprietary
communications with the prime contractor.
(d) NONAVAILABILITY WAIVERS.—
paragraph (2), for a request citing nonavail-
as the statutory basis for a
American waiver, an executive agency shall
explanation of the procurement
official's efforts to procure a product from a
domestic source and the reasons why a do-
mestic product was not available from a do-
Those explanations shall be
made available on BuyAmerican.gov prior to
the issuance of the waiver, and the agency
of the product before mak-
It is the sense of Congress that-
(1) every executive agency should maxi-
mize, through terms and conditions of Fed-
eral financial assistance awards and Federal
and materials produced in the United States
service contracts to be performed by United
States nationals;
(2) every executive agency should
pulously monitor, enforce, and comply with
SEC. 4137. WAIVER TRANSPARENCY AND STREAM-
LINING FOR CONTRACTS.
(a) COLLECTION OF INFORMATION.—The Ad-
ministrator of General Services, in consulta-
with the heads of relevant
shall develop a mechanism to collect infor-
ican waiver for a Federal contract, utilizing
possible, for purposes of providing early no-
tablished under section 4136.
AND STREAM-
-Prior to granting a re-
quest to waive a Buy American law, the head
of an executive agency shall submit a re-
invoke a Buy American waiver to
the Administrator of General Services, and
the Administrator of General Services shall
make the request available on or through
the public website established under section
4136 for public comment for not less than 15
paragraph (1) is not required for a product
the nonavailability of which is established
by law or regulation.
SEC. 4138. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT.
Not later than two years after the date of
General of the United States shall submit to
Congress a report describing the implemen-
ommendations for any legislation to improve
the collection and reporting of information
regarding waivers of and exceptions to Buy
SEC. 4139. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION.
(a) DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS.—Nothing in
empting, superseding, or otherwise affecting
the application of any disclosure require-
ment or requirements otherwise provided by
paragraph (1) does not apply to a request for
(b) ESTABLISHMENT OF SUCCESSOR INFORMA-
TION SYSTEMS.—Nothing in this subtitle shall

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 1153, "chars": 8251, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7828
be construed as preventing or otherwise lim-
General Services to move the data required
to be included on the website established
under subsection (a) to a successor informa-
Any such information system
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(2) COVERED SECRETARY.—The term "cov-
Homeland Security, the Secretary of Health
and Human Services, and the Secretary of
(3) PERSONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT.-
means surgical masks, respirator masks and
SEC. 4140. CONSISTENCY WITH INTERNATIONAL
This subtitle shall be applied in a manner
under international agreements.
eyewear, gloves, disposable and reusable sur-
gical and isolation gowns, head and foot cov-
and other gear or clothing
protect an individual from the transmission
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 4132(1) is amend-
and inserting "section 4862"; and
(2) in subparagraph (J), by striking
tion 2533b" and inserting 'section 4863''
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on
Subtitle C—Make PPE in America
SEC. 4151. SHORT TITLE.
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Make
PPE in America Act".
SEC. 4152. FINDINGS.
Congress makes the following findings:
(1) The
COVID-19
pandemic has exposed
the vulnerability of the United States supply
chains for, and lack of domestic production
of, personal protective equipment (PPE).
(2) The United States requires a robust, se-
cure, and wholly domestic PPE supply chain
to safeguard public health and national secu-
rity.
(3) Issuing a strategy that provides the
next three years will enable suppliers to as-
sess what changes, if any, are needed in their
manufacturing capacity to meet expected de-
(4) In order to foster a domestic PPE sup-
ply chain, United States industry needs a
strong and consistent demand
the Federal Government providing
essary certainty to expand production capac-
ity investment in the United States.
(5) In order to effectively incentivize in-
tracts must be no shorter than three years in
with its international obligations,
its commitments under the World Trade Or-
ganization's Agreement on Government Pro-
curement and its free trade agreements, in-
cluding by invoking any relevant exceptions
to those agreements, especially those related
to national security and public health.
(7) The United States needs a long-term in-
vestment strategy for the domestic produc-
States national response to a public health
crisis, including the COVID-19 pandemic.
SEC. 4153. REQUIREMENT OF LONG-TERM CON-
TRACTS FOR DOMESTICALLY MANU-
FACTURED PERSONAL PROTECTIVE
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
"appropriate congressional
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on
Education, Labor, and Pensions,
on Veterans' Affairs of the Senate; and
(B) the Committee on Homeland Security,
the Committee on Oversight and Reform, the
Committee on Energy and
Committee on Ways
Committee on Veterans' Affairs of the House
States" means the 50 States, the District of
Columbia, and the possessions of the United
(b) CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS FOR DOMESTIC
PRODUCTION.—Beginning 90
days after the
date of the enactment of this Act, in order to
ensure the sustainment and expansion of per-
sonal protective
equipment
manufacturing
in the United States and meet the needs of
the current pandemic response, any contract
for the procurement of personal protective
equipment entered into by a covered
retary, or a covered Secretary's designee,
shall-
(1) be issued for a duration of at least 2
years, plus all option periods necessary, to
incentivize investment in the production of
personal protective equipment and the mate-
rials and components thereof in the United
States; and
(2) be for personal protective equipment,
including
the
materials
and
thereof, that is grown, reprocessed, reused,
or produced in the United States.
(C) ALTERNATIVES TO DOMESTIC PRODUC-
TION.—The requirement under subsection (b)
shall not apply to an item of personal protec-
tive equipment, or component or material
thereof if, after maximizing to
feasible sources consistent with subsection
(1) maximizes sources for personal protec-
tive equipment that is assembled outside the
United States containing only materials and
components that are grown, reprocessed, re-
used, or produced in the United States; and
(2) certifies every 120 days that it is nec-
essary to procure personal protective equip-
spond to the immediate needs of a public
health emergency.
(d) AVAILABILITY EXCEPTION.—
Subsections (b) and (c)
shall not apply to an item of personal protec-
equipment, or component or material
(A) that is, or that includes, a material
listed in section 25.104 of the Federal Acqui-
availability determination has been made; or
(B) as to which the covered Secretary de-
termines that a sufficient quantity of a sat-
isfactory quality that is grown, reprocessed,
reused, or produced in the United States can-
when, needed
United States market prices.
(2) CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT.—The cov-
ered Secretary shall certify
every 120 days
that the exception under paragraph (1) is
necessary to meet the immediate needs of a
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Director of the Office of Management
and Budget, in consultation with the covered
Secretaries, shall submit to the chairs and
ranking members of the appropriate congres-
sional committees a report on the procure-
ment of personal protective equipment.
November 4, 2021
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required under
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-
(A) The United States long-term domestic
the United States, including strategies
United States supply chains for all PPE suf-
States during a public health emergency.
(B) An estimate of long-term demand quan-
tities for all PPE items procured by
(C) Recommendations for congressional ac-
tion required
to implement
States Government's procurement strategy.
(D) A determination whether all notifica-
tions, amendments, and other necessary ac-
completed to bring
United States existing international obliga-
tions into conformity with the statutory re-
(f) AUTHORIZATION OF TRANSFER OF EQUIP-
(1) IN GENERAL.—A covered Secretary may
transfer to the Strategic National Stockpile
established under section 319F-2 of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d-6b) any
excess personal protective
quired under a contract executed pursuant to
(2) TRANSFER OF EQUIPMENT DURING A PUB-
(A) AMENDMENT.—Title V of the Homeland
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is
amended by adding at the end the following:
"SEC. 529. TRANSFER OF EQUIPMENT DURING A
PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY.
'(a) AUTHORIZATION OF TRANSFER OF EQUIP-
MENT.—During a public health emergency de-
Human Services under section 319(a) of the
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d(a)),
the Secretary, at the request of the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, may
to the Department of Health and
Human Services, on a reimbursable basis, ex-
cess personal protective equipment or medi-
cally necessary equipment in the possession
'(b) DETERMINATION BY SECRETARIES.
'(1) IN GENERAL.—In carrying out this sec-
'(A) before requesting a transfer
subsection (a), the Secretary of Health and
Human Services shall determine whether the
personal protective equipment or medically
necessary equipment is otherwise available;
'(B) before initiating a transfer under sub-
section (a), the Secretary,
with the heads of each component within the
"(i) determine whether the personal pro-
equipment requested to be transferred under
subsection (a) is excess equipment; and
'(ii) certify that the transfer of the per-
sonal protective equipment or medically nec-
essary equipment will not adversely impact
the health or safety of officers, employees, or
contractors of the Department.
NOTIFICATION.-
Health and Human Services and the Sec-
retary shall each submit to Congress a noti-
fication explaining the determination made
subparagraphs (A) and (B),
tively, of paragraph (1).
'(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall-
"(i) acting through the Chief Medical Offi-
cer of the Department, maintain an inven-
tory of all personal protective
and medically necessary equipment in
possession of the Department; and
'(ii) make the inventory required under
clause (i) available, on a continual basis, to-

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 1220, "chars": 8485, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
"(I) the Secretary of Health and Human
"(II) the Committee on Appropriations and
the Committee on Homeland Security and
Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the
Committee on Appropriations and the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security of the House of
Each inventory required to be
made available under subparagraph (A) shall
be submitted in unclassified form, but may
include a classified annex.".
(B) TABLE
OF CONTENTS
AMENDMENT.-
-The
table of contents in section 1(b) of the Home-
land Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107-296;
116 Stat. 2135) is amended by inserting after
the
item relating to section
528 the
fol-
lowing:
"Sec. 529. Transfer
of equipment
during a
public health emergency."
(3) STRATEGIC NATIONAL STOCKPILE.—Sec-
tion 319F-2(a) of the Public Health
Service
Act (42 U.S.C. 247d-6b(a)) is amended by add-
ing at the end the following:
'(6) TRANSFERS OF ITEMS.—The Secretary,
in coordination with the Secretary of Home-
land Security, may sell drugs, vaccines and
other biological products,
medical devices,
or other supplies maintained in the stockpile
under paragraph (1) to a Federal agency or
private, nonprofit, State, local, tribal, or ter-
ritorial
entity for immediate use
and dis-
tribution,
provided that any
such
items
being sold are—
'(A) within 1 year of their expiration date;
or
'(B) determined by the Secretary
to no
longer be needed in the stockpile due to ad-
vances in medical or technical capabilities."
(g)
COMPLIANCE
WITH
INTERNATIONAL
AGREEMENTS.—The President or the Presi-
dent's
designee
shall
take
all
necessary
steps,
including invoking the rights of the
United States under Article III of the World
Trade Organization's Agreement on Govern-
ment Procurement and the
relevant excep-
tions of other relevant agreements to which
the United States is a party, to ensure that
the international obligations of the United
States are consistent with the provisions of
this subtitle.
TITLE II-CYBER AND ARTIFICIAL
INTELLIGENCE
Subtitle A—Advancing American AI
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Advanc-
ing American AI Act".
The purposes of this subtitle are to—
ligence-related programs and initiatives that
enhance the competitiveness of the United
intelligence that builds on the strengths of
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(2) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
-The term "appropriate congressional
committees" means-
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and
(B) the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives.
"artificial intelligence"
given the term in section 238(g) of the John
S. McCain National Defense
Authorization
Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note).
(4) ARTIFICIAL
INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM.—The
term "artificial intelligence system"-
(A) means any data system,
software, ap-
plication, tool, or utility that operates in
whole or in part using dynamic or static ma-
chine learning algorithms or other forms of
artificial intelligence, whether-
(1) the data system, software, application,
tool, or utility is established primarily for
the purpose
of researching,
developing,
or
implementing artificial
(ii) artificial intelligence capability is in-
tegrated into another system or agency busi-
ness process, operational activity, or tech-
(B) does not include any common commer-
product within which artificial intel-
ligence is embedded, such as a word proc-
essor or map navigation system.
-The term "Department"
means the Department of Homeland Secu-
The term "Director" means
the Director of the Office of Management
SEC. 4204. PRINCIPLES AND POLICIES FOR USE
S7829
machine learning systems, to ensure that
full consideration is given to—
(i) the privacy,
civil rights, and civil lib-
erties impacts of artificial intelligence-en-
(ii) security against misuse,
inoperable of
ligence-enabled systems; and
(2) the Chief Privacy Officer and the Offi-
cer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the
Department shall report to Congress on any
additional staffing or funding resources that
may be required to carry
out the require-
ments of this subsection.
(C) INSPECTOR GENERAL.—Not later than 180
days after the date of enactment of this Act,
the
Inspector General of
the Department
shall identify any training and investments
needed to enable employees of the Office of
the Inspector General to continually advance
their understanding of—
(1) artificial intelligence systems;
(2) best
practices
for
governance,
over-
sight, and audits of the use of artificial intel-
(3) how the Office of the Inspector General
is using artificial
intelligence to
audit and investigative capabilities, includ-
(A) ensure the integrity of audit and inves-
(B) guard against bias in the selection and
conduct of audits and investigations.
(d) ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE HYGIENE AND
GOVERNMENT INFORMATION,
GUIDANCE.—The Director shall, when
developing the guidance required under sec-
tion 104(a) of the AI in Government Act of
2020 (title I of division U of Public Law 116-
(1) the considerations and recommended
practices identified by the National Security
Commission on Artificial Intelligence in the
report entitled 'Key Considerations for the
Responsible Development and
AI", as updated in April 2021;
(2) the principles articulated in Executive
Order 13960 (85
promoting the use of trustworthy artificial
intelligence in Government); and
(A) the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-
(B) relevant interagency councils, such as
the Federal Privacy Council, the Chief Infor-
mation Officers Council, and the Chief Data
after the date of enactment of this Act,
group consisting of members selected by the
Director from appropriate interagency coun-
cils, shall develop an initial means by which
(A) ensure that contracts for the acquisi-
tion of an artificial intelligence system or
(i) align with the guidance issued to the
head of each agency under section 104(a) of
the AI in Government Act of 2020 (title I of
division U of Public Law 116-260);
(ii) address protection of privacy, civil
(iii) address the ownership and security of
data and other information
processed, stored, maintained, disseminated,
disclosed, or disposed of by a contractor or
subcontractor on behalf of the Federal Gov-
(iv) include considerations for securing the
training data, algorithms, and other compo-
(2) enhance the ability of the Federal Gov-
ernment to translate research advances into
artificial intelligence
ernize systems and assist agency leaders in
(3) promote adoption of modernized
practices and advanced technologies
across the Federal Government that align
with the values of the United States, includ-
ing the protection of privacy, civil rights,
and civil liberties; and
(4) test and harness applied artificial intel-
ligence to enhance mission effectiveness and
business practice efficiency.
"agency" has the
meaning given the term in section 3502 of
title 44, United States Code.
mental privacy, civil rights, and civil lib-
erties experts; and
(D) any other individual or entity the Di-
rector determines to be appropriate.
FOR PROCUREMENT AND USE OF ARTIFICIAL IN-
than 180 days after the date of enactment of
Secretary of Homeland Security,
with the participation of the Chief Procure-
ment Officer, the Chief Information Officer,
the Chief Privacy Officer, and the Officer for
Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the De-
and any other person determined
to be relevant by the Secretary of Homeland
Security, shall issue policies and procedures
for the Department related to-
(A) the acquisition and use of artificial in-
telligence; and
degradation, or rendering inoperable; and
(B) address any other issue or concern de-
termined to be relevant by the Director to
ensure appropriate use and protection of pri-
vacy and Government data and other infor-
(2) CONSULTATION.—In developing the con-
siderations under paragraph (1)(A)(iv),
Director shall consult with the Secretary of
Homeland Security, the Director of the Na-
nology, and the Director of National Intel-
(A) should continuously update the means
developed under paragraph (1); and
(B) not later than 2 years after the date of
enactment of this Act and
not less fre-
quently than every 2 years thereafter, shall
update the means developed under paragraph
(4) BRIEFING.—The Director shall brief the
(B) considerations for the risks and im- appropriate congressional committees-
(A) not later than 90 days after the date of
abled systems, including associated data of
enactment of this Act and thereafter on a

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 1124, "chars": 8100, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
basis until the Director first im-
the means developed under para-
(B) annually thereafter on the implemen-
(5) SUNSET.—This subsection shall cease to
be effective on the date that is 5 years after
the date of enactment of this Act.
SEC. 4205. AGENCY INVENTORIES
CIAL INTELLIGENCE USE CASES.
(a) INVENTORY.—Not later than 60 days
after the date of enactment of this Act, and
thereafter for a period of 5
years, the Director, in consultation with the
Chief Information Officers Council, the Chief
Data Officers Council, and other interagency
bodies as determined to be appropriate by
the Director, shall require the head of each
(1) prepare and maintain an inventory of
the artificial intelligence use
agency, including current and planned uses;
to the extent practicable and con-
sistent with applicable law and
cluding those concerning protection of pri-
vacy and of sensitive law enforcement, na-
tional security, and other protected informa-
(3) make agency inventories available to
the public, in a manner determined by the
Director, and to the extent practicable and
in accordance with applicable law and pol-
icy, including those concerning the protec-
tion of privacy and of sensitive law enforce-
ment, national security, and other protected
(b) CENTRAL INVENTORY.—The Director is
designate a host entity and
creation and maintenance of an
online public directory to-
(1) make agency artificial intelligence use
case information available to the public and
those wishing to do business with the Fed-
(2) identify common use cases across agen-
(C) SHARING.—The sharing of agency inven-
tories described in subsection (a)(2) may be
coordinated through the Chief Information
Council, the Chief Financial Officers Coun-
cil, the Chief Acquisition Officers Council, or
other interagency bodies to improve inter-
agency coordination and information sharing
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
used to modernize or assist in modernizing
(2) DEPLOYMENT AND PILOT.—Not later than
1 year after the date of enactment of this
heads of relevant agencies and other officials
as the Director determines to be appropriate,
shall ensure the initiation of the piloting of
the 4 new artificial intelligence use case ap-
plications identified
leveraging commercially
and systems to demonstrate
able artificial intelligence-enabled capabili-
ties to support the use cases identified under
November 4, 2021
(D) is rapidly configurable to support mul-
tiple applications and automatically adapts
to dynamic conditions and evolving use case
requirements, to the extent possible;
laboration across agencies; and
(F) preserves intellectual property rights
to the data and output for benefit of the Fed-
eral Government and agencies.
(C) BRIEFING.—Not earlier than 270
but not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, and annually thereafter
for 4 years, the Director shall brief the ap-
activities carried out under this section and
results of those activities.
(d) SUNSET.—The section shall cease to be
effective on the date that is 5 years after the
date of enactment of this Act.
SCALE OF APPLIED ARTIFICIAL IN-
TELLIGENCE CAPABILITIES TO DEM-
ONSTRATE MODERNIZATION ACTIVI-
later than 270 days after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Director, in consulta-
Council, the Chief Data Officers Council, and
other interagency bodies as determined to be
appropriate by the Director, shall identify 4
new use cases for the application of artificial
modernization
that require linking multiple
internal and external data sources,
consistent with applicable laws and policies,
including those relating to the protection of
privacy and of sensitive law enforcement, na-
tional security, and other protected informa-
(1) PURPOSES.—The purposes of the pilot
program under this subsection include-
(A) to enable agencies to operate across or-
silos to improve delivery of the agency mis-
PLAN.—In carrying out paragraph (2), the Di-
rector shall require the heads of agencies
(A) evaluate risks in utilizing artificial in-
telligence systems; and
(B) develop a risk mitigation plan to ad-
risks, including consideration
(i) the artificial intelligence system
(ii) the lack of sufficient or quality train-
(iii) the vulnerability of a utilized artifi-
cial intelligence system to unauthorized ma-
(4) PRIORITIZATION.—In carrying out para-
Director shall prioritize mod-
(A) would benefit from commercially avail-
able privacy-preserving techniques, such as
use of differential privacy, federated learn-
ing, and secure multiparty computing; and
(B) otherwise take into account consider-
ations of civil rights and civil liberties.
CASE MODERNIZATION APPLICATION
-Use case modernization application
areas described in paragraph (2) shall include
not less than 1 from each of the following
(A) Applied artificial intelligence to drive
agency productivity efficiencies in predictive
supply chain and logistics, such as-
(i) predictive food demand and optimized
(ii) predictive medical supplies and equip-
ment demand and optimized supply; or
(iii) predictive logistics to accelerate dis-
aster preparedness, response, and recovery.
(B) Applied artificial intelligence to accel-
erate agency investment return and address
mission-oriented challenges, such as—
(i) applied artificial intelligence portfolio
management for agencies;
(ii) workforce development and upskilling;
(ill) redundant and laborious analyses;
(iv) determining compliance with Govern-
requirements, such
as with grants
management; or
(v) outcomes measurement to measure eco-
(6) REQUIREMENTS.-
-Not later than 3 years
after the date of enactment of this Act, the
relevant agencies and other officials as the
Director determines to be appropriate, shall
establish an artificial intelligence capability
of the 4 use case pilots under
(A) solves data access and usability issues
technology and eliminates
cleansing and harmonization efforts;
(B) continuously and automatically ingests
real-time to help identify new patterns and
predict trends, to the extent possible, to help
agency personnel to make better decisions
(C) organizes data for meaningful data vis-
ualization and analysis so the
has predictive transparency for situational
awareness to improve use case outcomes;
(a) INNOVATIVE COMMERCIAL ITEMS.—Sec-
tion 880 of the National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (41 U.S.C. 3301
$10,000,000' and inserting '$25,000,000";
(2) by amending subsection (f) to read as
'(f) DEFINITIONS.—In this section—
'(1) the term 'commercial product'
'(A) has the meaning given the term 'com-
mercial item' in section 2.101 of the Federal
Acquisition Regulation; and
'(B) includes a commercial product or a
commercial service,
as defined in
103 and 103a, respectively, of title 41, United
'(2) the term 'innovative' means-
'(A) any new technology, process, or meth-
od, including research and development; or
technology, process, or method."; and
(3) in subsection (g), by striking '2022" and
(b) DHS OTHER TRANSACTION AUTHORITY.-
Section 831 of the Homeland Security Act of
2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) is amended
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1),
by striking "September 30, 2017" and insert-
ing "September 30, 2024"; and
(B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as
'(A) may, under the authority
graph (1), carry out prototype projects under
section 2371b of title 10, United States Code;
'(B) in applying the authorities of such
the Secretary shall perform
the functions of the Secretary of Defense as
prescribed in such section.";
subsection (c)(1), by striking "Sep-
tember 30, 2017" and inserting "September
(3) in subsection (d), by striking 'section
"section 2371b(e) of title 10, United States
OFF THE SHELF SUPPLY
CHAIN RISK MANAGEMENT TOOLS.—The Gen-
eral Services Administration is encouraged
chain risk management tools to improve the
ability of the Federal Government to charac-
terize, monitor, predict, and respond to spe-
cific supply chain threats and vulnerabilities
that could inhibit future Federal acquisition
Subtitle B-Cyber Response and Recovery
This subtitle may be cited as the "Cyber
Response and Recovery Act".

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 1162, "chars": 8294, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
SEC. 4252. DECLARATION OF A SIGNIFICANT INCI-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Title XXII of the Home-
land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 651 et seq.)
is amended by adding at the end the fol-
"Subtitle C-Declaration of a Significant
"SEC. 2231. SENSE OF CONGRESS.
"It is the sense of Congress that-
'(1) the purpose of this subtitle is to au-
thorize the Secretary to declare that a sig-
nificant incident has occurred and to estab-
lish the authorities that are provided under
the declaration to respond to and recover
from the significant incident; and
'(2) the authorities established under this
subtitle are intended to enable the Secretary
to provide voluntary assistance to non-Fed-
eral entities impacted by a significant inci-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"For the purposes of this subtitle:
'(1) ASSET RESPONSE ACTIVITY
'asset response activity' means an activity
to support an entity impacted by an incident
with the response to, remediation of, or re-
covery from, the incident, including-
'(A) furnishing technical and advisory as-
sistance to the entity to protect the assets of
the entity, mitigate vulnerabilities, and re-
duce the related impacts;
'(B) assessing potential risks to the crit-
ical infrastructure sector or geographic re-
gion impacted by the incident, including po-
tential cascading effects of the incident on
other critical infrastructure sectors or geo-
"(C) developing courses of action to miti-
gate the risks assessed under subparagraph
"(D) facilitating information sharing and
operational coordination with entities per-
forming threat response activities; and
'(E) providing guidance on how best to use
Federal resources and capabilities in a time-
ly, effective manner to speed recovery from
'(2) DECLARATION.—The term
means a declaration of the Secretary under
section 2233(a)(1).
"(3) DIRECTOR.—The term 'Director' means
the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infra-
''(1) DECLARATION.—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with the National Cyber Director,
may make a declaration of a significant inci-
dent in accordance with this section for the
purpose of enabling the activities described
in this subtitle if the Secretary determines
'(A) a specific significant incident—
"(ii) is likely to occur imminently; and
than the Fund, are likely insufficient to re-
to mitigate effec-
the specific significant incident de-
scribed in subparagraph (A).
'(2) PROHIBITION ON DELEGATION.—The Sec-
retary may not delegate the authority pro-
vided to the Secretary under paragraph (1).
'(b) ASSET RESPONSE ACTIVITIES.
declaration, the Director shall coordinate-
asset response activities of each
Federal agency in response to
significant incident associated with the dec-
'(2) with appropriate entities, which may
'(A) public and private entities and State
and local governments
asset response activities of those entities
"(B) Federal, State, local, and Tribal law
enforcement agencies with respect to inves-
tigations and threat response activities of
those law enforcement agencies; and
'(3) Federal, State, local, and Tribal emer-
gency management and response agencies.
'(C) DURATION.
—Subject to subsection (d),
a declaration shall terminate upon the ear-
'(1) a determination by the Secretary that
the declaration is no longer necessary; or
'(2) the expiration of the 120-day period be-
ginning on the date on which the Secretary
'agency' in section 3502 of title 44, United
'(6) INCIDENT.-
-The term 'incident' has the
meaning given the term in section 3552 of
title 44, United States Code.
-The term 'renewal' means
of a declaration under
'(8) SIGNIFICANT INCIDENT.—The term 'sig-
'(A) means an incident or a group of re-
lated incidents that results, or is likely to
result, in demonstrable harm to-
"(i) the national security interests, foreign
relations, or economy of the United States;
"(ii) the public confidence, civil liberties,
or public health and safety of the people of
'(B) does not include an incident or a por-
tion of a group of related incidents that oc-
'(i) a national security system (as defined
section 3552 of title 44, United
'(ii) an information system described in
paragraph (2) or (3) of section 3553(e) of title
delegation, may renew a declaration as nec-
"(e) PUBLICATION.-—
'(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 72 hours
after a declaration or a renewal, the Sec-
retary shall publish the declaration or re-
newal in the Federal Register.
newal published under paragraph (1) may not
include the name of any affected individual
or private company.
"(f) ADVANCE ACTIONS.
'(1) IN GENERAL:
-The Secretary
'(A) shall assess the resources available to
respond to a potential declaration; and
'(B) may take actions before and while a
declaration is in effect to arrange or procure
additional resources for asset response ac-
tivities or technical assistance the Secretary
determines necessary, which may include en-
tering into standby
contracts with private
for cybersecurity services or inci-
dent responders in the event of a declaration.
'(2) EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS.-
-Any expendi-
ture from the Fund for the purpose of para-
available in the Fund, and amounts available
in the Fund shall be in addition to any other
appropriations available to the Cybersecu-
rity and Infrastructure Security Agency for
CYBER RESPONSE AND RECOVERY
"(a) IN GENERAL.—There is established a
Cyber Response and Recovery Fund, which
shall be available for-
"(2) response and recovery support for the
specific significant incident associated with
a declaration to Federal, State, local, and
Tribal, entities and public and private enti-
ties on a reimbursable or non-reimbursable
basis, including through asset response ac-
tivities and technical assistance, such as
'(A) vulnerability assessments and mitiga-
'(B) technical incident mitigation;
"(C) malware analysis;
'(E) threat detection and hunting; and
'(F) network protections;
priate, grants for, or cooperative agreements
with, Federal, State, local, and Tribal public
and private entities to respond to,
cover from, the specific significant incident
associated with a declaration, such as-
'(A) hardware or software to replace, up-
functionality of existing hardware, software,
'(B) technical contract personnel support;
'(4) advance actions taken by the Sec-
retary under section 2233(f)(1)(B).
''(b) DEPOSITS AND EXPENDITURES.-
'(1) IN GENERAL.—Amounts shall be depos-
ited into the Fund from-
'(A) appropriations to the Fund for activi-
'(B) reimbursement from Federal agencies
for the activities described in paragraphs (1),
(2), and (4) of subsection (a), which shall only
be from amounts made available in advance
in appropriations Acts for such
'(2) EXPENDITURES.—Any expenditure from
the Fund for the purposes of this
shall be made from amounts available in the
Fund from a deposit described in paragraph
(1), and amounts available in the Fund shall
be in addition to any other appropriations
structure Security Agency for such purposes.
Amounts in the Fund shall be used to supple-
not supplant,
other Federal,
local, or Tribal funding for activities in re-
'(d) REPORTING.—The Secretary
quire an entity that receives amounts from
the Fund to submit a report to the Secretary
that details the specific use of the amounts.
"SEC. 2235. NOTIFICATION AND REPORTING.
'(a) NOTIFICATION.—Upon a declaration or
shall immediately
notify the National Cyber Director and ap-
propriate congressional committees and in-
'(1) an estimation of the planned duration
'(2) with respect to a notification of a dec-
laration, the reason for the declaration, in-
cluding information relating to the specific
significant incident or imminent specific sig-
'(A) the operational or mission impact or
anticipated impact of the specific significant
incident on Federal and non-Federal enti-
'(B) if known, the perpetrator of the spe-
cific significant incident; and
'(C) the scope of the Federal and non-Fed-
eral entities impacted or anticipated to be
impacted by the specific significant incident;
'(3) with respect to a notification of a re-
newal, the reason for the renewal;
"(4) justification as to why available re-
other than the
cient to respond to or mitigate the specific
''(5) a description of the coordination ac-
tivities described in section 2233(b) that the
Secretary anticipates the Director to per-

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 1221, "chars": 8259, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"(b) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than
180 days after the date of a declaration or re-
the Secretary shall submit to the ap-
propriate congressional committees a report
'(1) the reason for the declaration or re-
ligence relating to the specific significant in-
cident that led to the declaration or renewal;
'(2) the use of any funds from the Fund for
the purpose of responding to the incident or
threat described in paragraph (1);
'(3) a description of the actions,
tives, and projects undertaken by the De-
partment and State and local governments
and public and private entities in responding
to and recovering from the specific signifi-
cant incident described in paragraph (1);
'(4) an accounting of the specific obliga-
tions and outlays of the Fund; and
'(A) the impact of the specific significant
incident described in paragraph (1) on Fed-
eral and non-Federal entities;
"(B) the impact of the declaration or re-
newal on the response to, and recovery from,
the specific significant incident described in
"(C) the impact of the funds made avail-
able from the Fund as a result of the declara-
tion or renewal on the recovery from, and re-
to, the specific significant incident
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"Sec. 2235. Notification and reporting.
"Sec. 2236. Rule of construction.
"Sec. 2237. Authorization of appropriations.
Subtitle A-Facilitating Federal Employee
November 4, 2021
transfer in a manner in accordance with sec-
tion 5362 of title 5, United States Code;
(6) provides that an employee serving in a
position in the excepted service may not
service solely by reason of the completion of
the Federal reskilling program by the em-
a mechanism to track out-
comes of the Federal reskilling program in
accordance with the metrics
AND METRICS.—Not
than 1 year after the date of enactment of
the Director shall establish report-
metrics and procedures for agencies to track
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Facili-
tating Federal Employee Reskilling Act"
SEC. 4302. RESKILLING FEDERAL EMPLOYEES.
"agency" has the
meaning given the term 'Executive agency"
in section 105 of title 5, United States Code.
-The term "appropriate committees
Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate: and
(B) the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives.
-The term "com-
petitive service"
has the meaning given the
term in section 2102 of title 5, United States
—The term "Director" means
the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-
means an employee serving in a position in
the competitive service or the excepted serv-
made under subsection (a) and each report
submitted under subsection (b)—
"(1) shall be in an unclassified form with
appropriate markings to indicate informa-
tion that is exempt from disclosure under
552 of title 5, United States
(commonly known as the 'Freedom of Infor-
'(2) may include a classified annex.
retary shall not be required to submit mul-
tiple reports under subsection (b) for mul-
tiple declarations or renewals if the Sec-
retary determines that the declarations or
renewals substantively relate to the same
specific significant incident.
"(e) EXEMPTION.—The requirements of sub-
chapter I of chapter 35 of title 44 (commonly
shall not apply to the voluntary collection of
information by the Department during an in-
vestigation of, a response to, or an imme-
diate post-response
significant incident leading to a declaration
"SEC. 2236. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.
"Nothing in this subtitle
shall be con-
strued to impair or limit the ability of the
Director to carry out the authorized activi-
ties of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
Security Agency.
AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
"There are authorized to be appropriated
to the Fund $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2022,
remain available until sep-
tember 30, 2028.
"The authorities granted to the Secretary
or the Director under this subtitle shall ex-
pire on the date that is 7 years after the date
of enactment of this subtitle.".
contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107-296; 116
Stat. 2135) is amended by adding at the end
'Subtitle C-Declaration of a Significant
'Sec. 2231. Sense of Congress.
cepted service" has the meaning given the
term in section 2103 of title 5, United States
Federal reskilling program-
(1) providing a summary of the Federal
(2) collecting and reporting demographic
and employment data with respect to em-
ployees who have applied for, participated
in, or completed the Federal reskilling pro-
(3) attrition of employees who have com-
pleted the Federal reskilling program; and
(4) any other measures or outcomes that
the Director determines to be relevant.
(d) GAO REPORT.—Not later than 3 years
aiter the date of enactment of this Act,
shall conduct a comprehensive study of, and
reskilling programs that includes-
(1) a summary of each Federal reskilling
program and methods by which each Federal
reskilling program recruits, selects, and re-
(2) an analysis of the accessibility of each
Federal reskilling program for a diverse set
term "Federal reskilling program"
program established by the head of an agen-
cy or the Director to provide employees with
the technical skill or expertise
qualify the employees to serve in a different
position in the competitive service or the ex-
cepted service that requires such technical
(b) REQUIREMENTS.—With respect to a Fed-
eral reskilling program established by the
head of an agency or by the Director before,
on, or after the date of enactment of this
Act, the agency head or the Director, as ap-
(1) is implemented in a manner that is in
accordance with the bar on prohibited per-
sonnel practices under section 2302 of title 5,
United States Code, and consistent with the
merit system principles under section 2301 of
United States Code, including by
employees in the Federal
reskilling program;
(2) includes appropriate limitations or re-
strictions associated with implementing the
Federal reskilling program, which shall be
consistent with
regulations prescribed
by the Director under subsection (e);
(3) provides that any new position to which
an employee who participates in the Federal
reskilling program is transferred will utilize
the technical skill or expertise that the em-
ployee acquired by participating in the Fed-
eral reskilling program;
(4) includes the option for an employee par-
ticipating in the Federal reskilling program
to return to the original position of the em-
ployee, or a similar position, particularly if
the employee is unsuccessful in the position
pleting the Federal reskilling program;
(5) provides that an employee who success-
fully completes the Federal reskilling pro-
quires the technical skill or expertise pro-
vided through the Federal reskilling
gram shall be entitled to have the grade of
the position held immediately before
costs, and benefits of the Federal reskilling
(4) recommendations to improve
reskilling programs to accomplish the goal
of reskilling the Federal workforce.
(e) REGULATIONS.—The Director-
(1) not later than 1 year after the date of
enactment of this Act, shall prescribe regu-
lations for the reporting requirements and
metrics and procedures under subsection (C);
(2) may prescribe additional regulations, as
the Director determines necessary, to pro-
vide for requirements with respect to, and
programs; and
scribed under this subsection, shall brief the
appropriate committees of Congress with re-
spect to the regulation not later than 30 days
before the date on which the final version of
the regulation is published.
(f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this
section may be construed to require the head
of an agency or the Director to establish a
Federal reskilling program.
(g) USE oF FUNDS.—Any Federal reskilling
program established by the head of an agen-
cy or the Director shall be carried out using
amounts otherwise made available to that
agency head or the Director, as applicable.
Subtitle B-Federal Rotational Cyber
Workforce Program
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Federal
Rotational Cyber Workforce Program Act of
SEC. 4352. DEFINITIONS.
meaning given the term "Executive agency"
in section 105 of title 5, United States Code,
except that the term does not include the
Government Accountability Office.

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 1252, "chars": 8392, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(2) COMPETITIVE SERVICE.—The term 'com-
petitive service" has the meaning given that
term in section 2102 of title 5, United States
Code.
(3)
COUNCILS.—The
term
"Councils"
means-
(A) the Chief Human Capital Officers Coun-
cil established under section 1303 of the Chief
Human Capital Officers Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C.
1401 note); and
(B) the Chief Information Officers Council
established
under section
3603 of title
United States Code.
44,
(4) CYBER WORKFORCE POSITION.—The term
"cyber workforce position"
means a position
identified as having information technology,
cybersecurity,
or other
cyber-related func-
tions under section 303 of the Federal Cyber-
security Workforce Assessment Act of 2015 (5
-The term "Director" means
the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-
EMPLOYEE.—The term
"employee" has
the meaning given the term in section 2105 of
which an employee is detailed to a rotational
cepted service" has the meaning given that
term in section 2103 of title 5, United States
ROTATIONAL CYBER
TION.—The term "rotational cyber workforce
position" means a cyber workforce position
with respect to which a determination has
been made under section 4353(a)(1).
force program"
means the program for the
detail of employees among rotational cyber
workforce positions at agencies.
means the Secretary of Homeland Security.
SEC. 4353. ROTATIONAL CYBER WORKFORCE PO-
(a) DETERMINATION WITH RESPECT TO ROTA-
may determine that a cyber workforce posi-
tion in that agency is eligible for the rota-
tional cyber workforce program, which shall
not be construed to modify the requirement
under section 4354(b)(3) that participation in
the rotational cyber workforce program by
an employee shall be voluntary.
(2) NOTICE PROVIDED.—The head of an agen-
cy shall submit to the Director-
(A) notice regarding any determination
made by the head of the agency under para-
(B) for each position with respect to which
the head of the agency makes a determina-
tion under paragraph (1), the information re-
quired under subsection (b)(1).
(b) PREPARATION OF LIST.-
-The Director,
shall develop a list of rotational
cyber workforce positions that—
(1) with respect to each such position, to
the extent that the information does not dis-
sensitive national
tion, includes
(A) the title of the position;
(B) the occupational series with respect to
(C) the grade level or work level with re-
(D) the agency in which the position is lo-
(E) the duty location with respect to the
(F) the major duties and functions of the
(2) shall be used to support the rotational
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(C) DISTRIBUTION OF LIST.—Not less fre-
quently
than annually, the Director shall
distribute an updated list developed under
subsection (b) to the head of each agency and
other appropriate entities.
SEC. 4354.
ROTATIONAL CYBER WORKFORCE
PROGRAM.
(a) OPERATION PLAN
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 270 days
after the date of enactment of this Act, and
in consultation with the Councils, the sec-
retary,
representatives of other agencies,
and any other entity as the Director deter-
mines appropriate,
the Director shall de-
velop and issue a Federal Rotational Cyber
Workforce Program operation plan providing
policies, processes, and procedures for a pro-
gram for the detailing of employees among
rotational
cyber
workiorce
positions
at
and implemented through mechanisms in ex-
istence on the date of enactment of this Act.
(2) UPDATING.—The Director may, in con-
sultation with the Councils, the Secretary,
and other entities as the Director determines
ation plan developed and issued under para-
(b) REQUIREMENTS.—The operation plan de-
veloped and issued under subsection (a) shall,
agencies for participation in
the rotational cyber workforce program;
(2) establish procedures for the rotational
cyber workforce program, including—
(A) any training, education, or career de-
velopment requirements associated with par-
ticipation in the rotational cyber workforce
(B) any prerequisites or requirements for
participation in the rotational cyber work-
(C) appropriate rotational cyber workforce
performance measures,
other accountability devices for the evalua-
(3) provide that participation in the rota-
tional cyber workforce program by an em-
(4) provide that an employee shall be eligi-
participate in the rotational cyber
workforce program if the head of the em-
ignee of the head of the employing agency of
the employee, approves of the participation
(5) provide that the detail of an employee
under the rotational cyber workforce pro-
gram shall be on a nonreimbursable basis;
partner to ensure that the employing agency
of an employee who participates in the rota-
tional cyber workforce program is able to fill
the position vacated by the employee;
(7) require that an employee detailed to a
rotational cyber workforce position under
upon the end of the period of service with re-
spect to the detail, shall be entitled to re-
turn to the position held by the employee, or
agency of the employee without loss of pay,
seniority, or other
rights or benefits
the employee would have been enti-
tled had the employee not been detailed;
(8) provide that discretion with respect to
the assignment of an employee under the ro-
main with the employing agency of the em-
(9) require that an employee detailed to a
the rotational cyber workforce program in
an agency that is not the employing agency
of the employee shall have all the rights that
would be available to the employee if the
S7833
employee were detailed under a provision of
law other than this subtitle from the em-
ploying agency to the agency in which the
rotational cyber workforce position is lo-
cated;
(10) provide that participation by an em-
ployee in the rotational cyber workforce pro-
gram shall not constitute a change in the
conditions of the employment of
the em-
ployee; and
(11) provide that an employee participating
in the rotational cyber workforce program
shall receive performance evaluations relat-
ing to service in the rotational cyber work-
force program in a participating agency that
are-
(A) prepared by an appropriate officer, su-
pervisor, or management official of the em-
ploying agency, acting in coordination with
the supervisor at the agency in which the
employee is performing service in the rota-
tional cyber workforce position;
(B) based on objectives identified in the op-
eration plan with respect to the employee;
(C) based in whole or in part on the con-
tribution of the employee to the agency in
which the employee performed such service,
as communicated from that agency to the
employing agency of the employee.
REQUIREMENTS
cyber workforce position in an agency may,
with the approval of the head of the agency,
submit an application for detail to a rota-
tional cyber workforce position that appears
on the list developed under section 4353(b).
An employee serving in a position in
the excepted service may only be selected for
a rotational cyber workforce position that is
in the competitive service with the prior ap-
proval of the Office of Personnel Manage-
ment, in accordance with section 300.301 of
title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, or any
tional cyber workforce program in a manner
principles under section 2301(b) of title 5,
United States Code.
(B) TERM.—Except as provided in subpara-
3341(b) of title 5, United States Code, a detail
shall be for a period of not less than 180 days
Officer of the agency to which an employee
is detailed under the rotational cyber work-
force program may extend the period of a de-
tail described in subparagraph (B) for a pe-
riod of 60 days unless the Chief Human Cap-
ital Officer of the employing agency of the
employee objects to that extension.
(4) WRITTEN SERVICE AGREEMENTS.-
(A) IN GENERAL.—The detail of an employee
a rotational cyber workforce
shall be contingent upon the employee enter-
written service agreement with
the employing agency under which the em-
ployee is required to complete a period of
employment with the employing agency fol-
lowing the conclusion of the
equal in length to the period of the detail.
(B) OTHER AGREEMENTS AND OBLIGATIONS.-
A written service agreement under subpara-
graph (A) shall not supersede or modify the
under any other authority or relieve the ob-
ligations between the employee and the em-
ploying agency under such a service agree-
ment. Nothing in this subparagraph prevents

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 1060, "chars": 7409, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
employing agency from terminating a mined by the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
terms of such
agreement or as required by law or regula-
SEC. 4355. REPORTING BY GAO.
Not later than the end of the third fiscal
year after the fiscal year in which the oper-
ation plan under section 4354(a) is issued, the
shall submit to Congress a report assessing
the operation and effectiveness of the rota-
tional cyber workforce program, which shall
(1) the extent to which agencies have par-
ticipated in the rotational cyber workforce
program, including whether the head of each
such participating agency has-
(A) identified positions within the agency
that are rotational cyber workforce posi-
(B) had employees from other participating
agencies serve in positions described in sub-
paragraph (A); and
(C) had employees of the agency request to
serve in rotational cyber workforce positions
the rotational cyber workforce pro-
gram in participating agencies, including a
description of how many such requests were
(2) the experiences of employees serving in
rotational cyber workforce positions under
the rotational cyber workforce program, in-
(A) the period of service;
(B) the positions (including grade level and
employees before completing service in a ro-
tational cyber workforce position under the
rotational cyber workforce program;
(C) the extent to which each employee who
workforce position
„tne
cyber workforce program achieved a higher
skill level, or attained a skill level in a dif-
technology, cybersecurity, or other cyber-re-
(D) the extent to which service in rota-
tional cyber workiorce positions has alected
tions, and personnel management.
Effective 5 years after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, this subtitle is repealed.
TITLE IN-OTHER MATTERS
Subtitle A-Ensuring Security of Unmanned
(E) Any subsidiary or affiliate of an entity
described in subparagraphs (A) through (D).
(2) COVERED UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM.
term "covered unmanned aircraft sys-
tem" has the meaning given the term
in section 44801 of
SEC. 4403. PROHIBITION ON PROCUREMENT OF
SYSTEMS FROM COVERED FOREIGN
(a) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided under
subsections (b) though (f), the head of an ex-
ecutive agency may not procure any covered
unmanned aircraft system that are manufac-
tured or assembled by a covered foreign enti-
ty, which includes associated elements (con-
sisting of communication links and the com-
ponents that control the unmanned aircraft)
that are required for the operator to operate
and efficiently in the national air-
space system. The Federal Acquisition Secu-
rity Council, in coordination with the Sec-
update a list of associated elements.
land Security, the Secretary of Defense, and
restriction under subsection (a) if the oper-
ation or procurement-
sole purposes of rescarch,
(A) electronic warfare;
(B) information warfare operations;
(C) development of UAS or counter-UAS
counterterrorism or counterintel-
(E) Federal criminal or national security
investigations, including forensic examina-
(2) is required in the national interest of
AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
CENTER OF EXCELLENCE FOR UNMANNED AIR-
EXEMPTION.—The Secretary
of Transportation,
Secretary of Homeland Security,
from the restriction under subsection (a) if
the operation or procurement is for the sole
purposes of research,
testing, or analysis for the Federal Aviation
Administration's Alliance for System Safety
SURE) Center
of Excellence (COE) for Un-
November 4, 2021
that is 2 years after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, no Federal department or
agency may operate a covered unmanned air-
craft system manufactured or assembled by
ICES.—The prohibition under paragraph (1)
systems that are being used by any executive
agency through the method of contracting
for the services of covered unmanned aircraft
land Security, the Secretary of Defense, and
General are exempt from
restriction under subsection (a) if the oper-
(1) is for the sole purposes of research,
training, testing, or
(B) information warfare operations;
(C) development of UAS or counter-UAS
counterterrorism or counterintel-
(E) Federal criminal or national
investigations, including forensic examina-
(2) is required in the national interest of
CENTER OF EXCELLENCE FOR UNMANNED AIR-
CRAFT SYSTEMS EXEMPTION.—The Secretary
of Transportation, in consultation with the
Secretary of Homeland Security, is exempt
from the restriction under subsection (a) if
the operation or procurement is for the sole
testing, or analysis for the Federal Aviation
Administration's Alliance for System Safety
through Research Excellence (AS-
SURE) Center of Excellence (COE) for Un-
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Amer-
ican Security Drone Act of 2021"
COVERED FOREIGN
ENTITY.—The term
"covered foreign entity" means an entity in-
cluded on a list developed and maintained by
This list will include entities in the
(A) An entity included on the Consolidated
BOARD EXEMPTION.—The National Transpor-
tation Safety Board (NTSB), in consultation
with the Secretary of Homeland Security, is
section (a) if the operation or procurement is
necessary for the sole purpose of conducting
(e) NATIONAL OCEANIC ATMOSPHERIC ADMIN-
ISTRATION EXEMPTION.—The Administrator of
the National Oceanic Atmospheric Adminis-
Secretary of Homeland Security, is exempt
from the restriction under subsection (a) if
the operation or procurement is necessary
for the sole purpose
pheric science or management.
agency may waive the prohibition under sub-
section (a) on a case-by-case basis
(1) with the approval of the
extrajudicial direction from a foreign gov-
ernment, as determined by the Secretary of
Homeland Security.
(C) Any entity the Secretary of Homeland
Security, in coordination with the Director
of National Intelligence and the Secretary of
Defense, determines poses a national secu-
Any entity domiciled in the People's
Republic of China or subject to influence or
control by the
Government of the People's
Republic of China or the Communist Party
of the People's Republic of China, as deter-
(2) upon notification to Congress.
SEC. 4404. PROHIBITION ON OPERATION OF COV-
TEMS FROM COVERED FOREIGN EN-
BOARD EXEMPTION.—The National Transpor-
tation Safety Board (NTSB), in consultation
with the Secretary of Homeland Security, is
section (a) if the operation or procurement is
necessary for the sole purpose of conducting
safety investigations.
(e) NATIONAL OCEANIC ATMOSPHERIC ADMIN-
ISTRATION EXEMPTION.—The Administrator of
the National Oceanic Atmospheric Adminis-
Secretary of Homeland Security, is exempt
from the restriction under subsection (a) if
or procurement is necessary
purpose of marine or atmos-
pheric science or management.
(f) WAIVER.—The head of an
agency may waive the prohibition under sub-
section (a) on a case-by-case basis-
(1) with the approval of the Secretary of
Homeland Security or the Secretary of De-
(2) upon notification to Congress.
(g) REGULATIONS AND GUIDANCE.—Not later
than 180 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity shall prescribe regulations or guidance
SEC. 4405. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FEDERAL
FUNDS FOR PURCHASES AND OPER-
AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS FROM COVERED
(a) IN GENERAL.—Beginning on the date
that is 2 years after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, except as provided in sub-
through a contract, grant,
agreement, or otherwise made available may

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 1226, "chars": 8341, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(1) to purchase a covered unmanned air-
or a system to counter un-
manned aircraft systems, that is manufac-
tured or assembled by a covered foreign enti-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
General of the United States shall submit to
Congress a report on the amount of commer-
off-the-shelf drones and
aircraft systems procured by Fed-
eral departments and agencies from covered
(2) in connection with
the operation of foreign entities.
such a drone or unmanned aircraft system.
SEC. 4409. GOVERNMENT-WIDE POLICY FOR PRO-
(b) EXEMPTION.—A Federal department or
agency is exempt from the restriction under
(3) In the case of a head of the procuring
department or agency determining, in writ-
ing, that no product that complies with the
information security requirements described
in subsection (b) is capable of fulfilling mis-
sion critical performance requirements, and
(A) may not be delegated below the level of
the Deputy Secretary of the procuring de-
agreement was awarded prior to the date of
the enactment of this Act; or
(2) the operation or procurement is for the
sole purposes of research, evaluation,
the Secretary of Homeland Security,
Secretary of Defense, or the Attorney Gen-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act.
the Director of the Office of Management
and Budget, in coordination with the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security, Department of
Transportation, the Department of Justice,
and other Departments as determined by the
of the Office of Management and
(B) information warfare operations;
(C) development of UAS or counter-UAS
counterterrorism or counterintel-
(E) Federal criminal or national security
investigations, including forensic examina-
(F) the safe integration of UAS in the na-
tional airspace (as determined in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of Transportation);
(3) is required in the national interest of
agency may waive the prohibition under sub-
section (a) on a case-by-case basis-
(1) with the approval of the Secretary of
Homeland Security or the Secretary of De-
(2) upon notification to Congress.
(d) REGULATIONS.-
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council
shall prescribe regulations or guidance, as
necessary, to implement the requirements of'
this section pertaining to Federal contracts.
SEC. 4406. PROHIBITION ON USE OF GOVERN-
MENT-ISSUED PURCHASE CARDS TO
PURCHASE
AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS FROM COVERED
FOREIGN ENTITIES.
Effective immediately, Government-issued
Purchase Cards may not be used to procure
any covered unmanned aircraft system from
a covered foreign entity.
SEC. 4407. MANAGEMENT OF EXISTING INVEN-
TORIES
AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS FROM COVERED
FOREIGN ENTITIES.
(a) IN GENERAL.
all executive agencies must account for ex-
isting inventories of covered unmanned air-
craft systems manufactured or assembled by
a covered
foreign
property accounting systems, regardless of
the original procurement cost,
pose of procurement due to the special moni-
toring and accounting measures necessary to
track the items' capabilities.
(b) CLASSIFIED TRACKING.—Due to the sen-
sitive nature of missions and operations con-
ducted by the United States Government, in-
ventory
data related to covered unmanned
aircraft systems manufactured or assembled
by a covered foreign entity may be tracked
at a classified level.
(C) EXCEPTIONS.—The Department of De-
fense and Department of Homeland Security
may exclude from the full inventory process,
covered unmanned aircraft systems that are
deemed expendable due to mission risk such
as recovery issues or that are one-time-use
covered
unmanned aircraft due to require-
ments and low cost.
SEC. 4408. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT.
Not later than 275 days after the date of
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller
government-wide
policy for the procurement of UAS
(1) for non-Department of Defense and non-
intelligence community operations; and
(2) through grants and cooperative agree-
ments entered into with non-Federal enti-
(b) INFORMATION SECURITY.—The policy de-
veloped under subsection (a) shall include
the following specifications, which to the ex-
tent practicable, shall be based on industry
standards and technical guidance from the
National Institute of Standards and Tech-
nology, to address the risks associated with
processing, storing and transmitting Federal
information in a UAS:
(1) Protections to ensure controlled access
software, firmware,
hardware by ensuring changes to UAS are
UAS can be updated using a
trolled, and configurable mechanism.
(3) Cryptographically
collected, stored, and transmitted data,
cluding proper handling of privacy data and
other controlled unclassified information.
(4) Appropriate safeguards necessary
protect sensitive information, including dur-
(5) Appropriate
that data is not transmitted to or stored in
(6) The ability to opt out of the uploading,
downloading, or transmitting of data that is
required by law or regulation and an
to choose with whom and where in-
formation is shared when it is required.
(C) REQUIREMENT.—The policy
under subsection (a) shall reflect an appro-
priate risk-based approach to information
security related to use of UAS.
-Not later than 180 days after the date
which the policy
(i) the quantity of end items to which the
which may not exceed $50,000 per waiver; and
(ii) the time period over which the waiver
applies, which shall not exceed 3 years;
(C) shall be reported to the Office of Man-
Budget following issuance of
(D) not later than 30 days after the date on
determination is made,
provided to the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-
ate and the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives.
(a) INDEPENDENT STUDY.—Not later than 3
years after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Director of the Office of Manage-
ment and Budget shall seek to enter into a
contract with a federally funded
and development center under which the cen-
(1) the current and future unmanned air-
craft system global and domestic market;
(2) the ability of the unmanned aircraft
system domestic market to keep pace with
technological advancements across the in-
the ability of domestically made un-
aircraft systems to meet the net-
work security and data protection require-
ments of the national security enterprise;
(4) the extent to which unmanned aircraft
system component parts, such as the parts
described in section 4403, are made domesti-
(5) an assessment of the economic impact,
including cost, of excluding the use of for-
(b) SUBMISSION TO OMB.—Upon completion
of the study in subsection (a), the federally
shall submit the study to the Director of the
Office of Management and Budget.
than 30 days after the date on which the Di-
rector of the Office of Management and
Budget receives the study under subsection
(b), the Director shall submit the study to—
(1) the Committee on Homeland Security
Committee on Intelligence of the Senate;
(2) the Committee on Homeland Security
and the Committee on Oversight and Reform
and the Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence of the House of Representatives.
Sections 4403, 4404, and 4405 shall cease to
have effect on the date that is 5 years after
the date of the enactment of this Act.
Subtitle B—No TikTok on Government
Council shall revise the Federal Acquisition
Regulation, as necessary, to implement the
(2) any Federal department or agency or
other Federal entity not subject to,
subject solely to, the Federal
guidance, or regulations, as necessary, to im-
plement the policy.
required under subsection (a), the Director of
the Office of Management and Budget shall
incorporate an exemption to the policy for
(1) In the case of procurement for the pur-
poses of training, testing, or analysis for-
(B) information warfare operations.
(2) In the case of researching UAS tech-
nology, including testing,
or development of technology to
TikTok on Government Devices Act'.
SEC. 4432. PROHIBITION ON THE USE OF TIKTOK.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section
(1) the term "covered application" means
the social networking service TikTok or any
successor application or service developed or
provided by ByteDance Limited or an entity
owned by ByteDance Limited;
"executive agency" has the
given that term in section 133 of
title 41, United States Code; and

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 1072, "chars": 7737, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(3) the term "information technology" has
the meaning given that term in section 11101
of title 40, United States Code.
(b) PROHIBITION ON THE USE OF TIKTOK.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Director of the Office of Management
and Budget, in consultation with the Admin-
istrator of General Services, the Director of
the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-
rity Agency, the Director of National Intel-
consistent with the information security re-
quirements under subchapter II of chapter 35
of title 44, United States Code, shall develop
standards and guidelines for executive agen-
cies requiring the removal of any covered ap-
plication from information technology.
(2) NATIONAL SECURITY AND RESEARCH EX-
-The standards and guidelines de-
veloped under paragraph (1) shall include-
(A) exceptions for law enforcement activi-
ties, national security interests and activi-
ties, and security researchers; and
(B) for any authorized use of a covered ap-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
uation described in section 9002(b)(2) of title
XC of division H of the William M. (Mac)
Thornberry National Defense Authorization
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116-283).
'(A) IN GENERAL:
Not later than 1 year
after the date on which the Secretary deliv-
ers each report required under paragraph (1),
the President shall deliver to majority and
minority leaders of the Senate, the Speaker
and minority leader of the House
and Governmental Affairs
Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity of the House of Representatives a na-
strategy designed to address the risks identi-
fied by the Secretary.
under subparagraph (A) shall-
'(i) identify, assess, and prioritize areas of
to critical infrastructure that would
functions impacting national security, eco-
nomic security, or public health and safety;
"(ii) assess the implementation of the pre-
vious national critical infrastructure resil-
ience strategy, as applicable;
'(iii) identify and outline current and pro-
posed national-level actions, programs, and
efforts to be taken to address the risks iden-
'(iv) identify the Federal departments or
agencies responsible for leading each na-
the relevant critical infrastructure sectors
November 4, 2021
ment" means experimental development.
EXPERIMENTAL
"experimental
development"
creative and systematic work, drawing upon
knowledge gained from research and prac-
tical experience, which-
(i) is directed toward the production of new
products or processes; and
(ii) like research, will result in gaining ad-
-The term "research"-
(i) means a systematic study
ward fuller scientific knowledge or under-
standing of the subject studied; and
(ii) includes activities involving the train-
ing of individuals in research techniques if
such activities
(1) utilize the same facilities as other re-
search and development activities; and
SEC. 4493. FEDERAL RESEARCH SECURITY COUN-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subtitle V of title 31,
United States Code, is amended by adding at
"CHAPTER 79—FEDERAL RESEARCH
ment risk mitigation actions for such use.
Subtitle C-National Risk Management
SEC. 4461. SHORT TITLE.
tional Risk Management Act of 2021'
SEC. 4462. NATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT CYCLE.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subtitle A of title XXII of
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C.
651 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end
NATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT
'(a) NATIONAL
CRITICAL FUNCTIONS DE-
FINED.—In this section, the term 'national
means the functions of
government and the private sector so vital
to the United States that their disruption,
corruption, or dysfunction would have a de-
nomic security, national public health
safety, or any combination thereof.
'(b) NATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT CYCLE.
'7902. Federal Research Security Council es-
tablishment and membership.
''7903. Functions and authorities.
'7905. Annual report.
''7906. Requirements for Executive agencies.
"(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary, acting
through the Director, shall establish a recur-
ring process by which to identify, assess, and
risks to critical infrastructure,
considering both cyber and physical threats,
necessary to successfully execute the strat-
"(C) FORM.—Each strategy delivered under
subparagraph (A) shall be unclassified, but
may contain a classified annex.
CONGRESSIONAL
BRIEFING.—Not later
than 1 year after the date on
President delivers the first strategy required
under paragraph (2)(A), and every year there-
coordination with
brief the appropriate congressional commit-
'(A) the national risk
management cycle
activities undertaken pursuant to the strat-
'(B) the amounts and timeline for funding
that the Secretary has determined would be
necessary to address risks and successfully
execute the full range of activities proposed
by the strategy.".
(b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND-
MENT.—The table of contents in section 1(b)
of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public
Law 107-296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-
serting after the item relating to section 2217
CONSULTATION.—In establishing
process required under subparagraph (A), the
and collect information to support analysis
Sector Risk Management Agencies,
critical infrastructure owners and operators,
the Assistant to the President for National
Security Affairs, the Assistant to the Presi-
dent for Homeland Security,
'(C) PUBLICATION.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of enactment of this section,
Secretary shall publish in the Federal
Register procedures for the process estab-
Subtitle D-Safeguarding American
This subtitle may be cited as the "Safe-
guarding American Innovation Act".
any redactions the Secretary determines are
necessary to protect classified or other sen-
"(D) REPORT.—The Secretary shall submit
to the President, the Committee on Home-
AGENCY.—The term
"Federal science agency" means any Federal
the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland
Security of the House of Representatives a
$100,000,000 in basic and applied research and
development funds were appropriated for the
report on the risks identified by the process
established under subparagraph (A)-
(2) RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.—
"(i) not later than 1 year after the date of
enactment of this section; and
development" means all research activities,
"(ii) not later than 1 year after the date on
both basic and applied, and all development
which the Secretary submits a periodic eval- activities.
"(1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
TEES.—The term 'appropriate congressional
committees' means-
'(A) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate;
Science, and Transportation of the Senate;
'(C) the Select Committee on Intelligence
'(D) the Committee on Foreign Relations
"(E) the Committee on Armed Services of
'(F) the Committee on Health, Education,
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate;
"(G) the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives;
'(H) the Committee on Homeland Security
of the House of Representatives;
merce of the House of Representatives;
'(J) the Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence of the House of Representatives;
the House of Representatives;
'(L) the Committee on Armed Services of
the House of Representatives; and
Labor of the House of Representatives.
the Federal Research Security Council es-
tablished under section 7902(a).
"(3) EXECUTIVE AGENCY.—The term 'Execu-
has the meaning given that
term in section 105 of title 5.
'(4) FEDERAL RESEARCH SECURITY
'Federal research
means the risk posed by malign state actors
and other persons to the security and integ-
rity of research and development conducted
using research and development funds award-
with authorized access to any
United States Government resource, includ-
ing personnel,
search, equipment, networks, or systems.

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 1120, "chars": 8230, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
threat' means the threat that an insider will
use his or her authorized access (wittingly or
unwittingly) to harm the national and eco-
nomic security of the United States or nega-
tively affect the integrity of a Federal agen-
cy's normal processes,
the United States through espionage, sabo-
terrorism, unauthorized disclosure of
national security information or nonpublic
information, a destructive act (which may
include physical harm to another in the
or through the loss or degrada-
tion of departmental resources, capabilities,
'(7) RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.-
development' means all research activities,
both basic and applied, and all development
ment means experimental development.
term 'experimental development' means cre-
ative and systematic work,
knowledge gained from research and prac-
directed toward the production of
new products or processes or improving ex-
isting products or processes; and
'(ii) like research, will result in gaining
'(D) RESEARCH.—The term 'research'
'(i) means a systematic study directed to-
scientific knowledge or under-
standing of the subject studied; and
of individuals in research
'(I) utilize the same facilities as other re-
search and development activities; and
"(II) are not included in the instruction
'(8) UNITED STATES RESEARCH COMMUNITY.-
'United States research commu-
'(A) research and development centers of
Executive agencies;
'(B) private research and development cen-
ters in the United States, including for profit
and nonprofit research institutes;
'(C) research and development centers at
institutions of higher education (as defined
in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act
"(D) research and development centers of
States territories,
ated United States Government research and
development centers; and
"(F) any person conducting federally fund-
ed research or receiving Federal research
grant funding.
"§ 7902. Federal Research Security Council
establishment and membership
"(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established,
in the Office of Management and Budget, a
Federal Research Security Council,
shall develop federally funded research and
development grant making policy and man-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(G) The Department of Energy.
'(H) The Department of Commerce
'(I) The Department of Health and Human
"(J) The Department of State.
'(K) The Department of Transportation.
"(L) The National
Aeronautics and Space
'(M) The National Science Foundation.
"(N) The Department of Education.
'(O) The Small Business Administration.
'(P) The Council of Inspectors General on
Integrity and Efficiency.
'(Q) Other Executive
mined by the Chairperson of the Council.
'(2) LEAD REPRESENTATIVES.
'(A) DESIGNATION.
-Not later than 45 days
after the date of the enactment of the Safe-
guarding American Innovation Act, the head
of each agency represented on the Council
shall designate a representative of that agen-
cy as the lead representative of the agency
on the Council.
"(B) FUNCTIONS.—The lead representative
of an agency designated under subparagraph
that appropriate personnel,
including leadership and subject matter ex-
perts of the agency, are aware of the busi-
ness of the Council.
'(1) DESIGNATION.—Not later than 45 days
after the date of the enactment of the Safe-
guarding American Innovation Act, the Di-
of
Management and
Budget shall designate a senior level official
from the Office of Management and Budget
to serve as the Chairperson of the Council.
perform functions that include-
"(A) subject to subsection (d), developing a
schedule for meetings of the Council;
"(B) designating Executive agencies to be
represented on the Council under subsection
'(C) in consultation with the lead rep-
resentative of each agency represented on
Council, developing a charter for
"(D) not later than 7 days after completion
of the charter, submitting the charter to the
appropriate congressional committees.
'(3) LEAD SCIENCE ADVISOR.-
of the Office of Science and Technology Pol-
icy shall designate a senior level official to
be the lead science advisor to the Council for
'(4) LEAD SECURITY ADVISOR.—The Director
of the National Counterintelligence and Se-
curity Center shall designate a senior level
ligence and Security Center to be the lead
security advisor to the Council for purposes
'(d) MEETINGS.—The Council shall meet
not later than 60 days after the date of the
enactment of the Safeguarding American In-
novation Act and not less frequently than
"§ 7903. Functions and authorities
'(1) Developing and implementing, across
all Executive agencies that award research
and development grants,
awards, and con-
tracts, a uniform application process for
grants in accordance with subsection (c).
'(2) Developing and implementing policies
and providing guidance
to prevent malign
foreign interference from unduly influencing
the peer review process for federally funded
research and development.
'(3) Identifying or developing criteria for
sharing among Executive agencies and with
law enforcement and other agencies, as ap-
propriate, information regarding individuals
policies related to research security.
'(4) Identifying an appropriate Executive
menting' means working with
Federal agencies, through existing processes
United States.
shall be represented on the Council:
"(A) The Office of Management and Budg-
"(B) The Office of Science and Technology
'(C) The Department of Defense.
'(D) The Department of Homeland Secu-
'(E) The Office of the Director of National
'(F) The Department of Justice.
scribed in this section.
'(2) UNIFORM APPLICATION PROCESS.—The
term 'uniform application process'
process employed by Federal science agen-
cies to maximize the collection of informa-
tion regarding applicants and applications,
as determined by the Council.
'(b) IN GENERAL.—The Chairperson of the
Council shall consider the missions and re-
sponsibilities of Council members in deter-
mining the lead agencies for Council func-
perform the fol
Federal entities based on the process estab-
lished pursuant to paragraph (1); and
'(B) to facilitate the sharing of informa-
tion received under subparagraph (A) to sup-
port, consistent with Federal law-
oversight of federally funded re-
"(ii) criminal and civil investigations of
Federal funds, resources,
'(iii) counterintelligence investigations.
'(5) Identifying, as appropriate, Executive
''(A) shared services, such as support for
conducting Federal research security risk as-
sessments, activities to mitigate such risks,
and oversight and investigations
spect to grants awarded by Executive agen-
'(B) common contract solutions to support
the verification of the identities of persons
funded research
'(6) Identifying and issuing guidance, in
accordance with subsection (e) and in coordi-
nation with the National Insider Threat
Force established by Executive Order
13587 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note) for expanding the
scope of Executive agency insider threat pro-
grams, including the safeguarding
search and development from exploitation,
or other unauthorized disclo-
sure, taking into account risk levels and the
distinct needs, missions, and systems of each
'(7) Identifying and issuing guidance for
grams for Executive agencies to ensure that
research and development grant recipients
accurately report conflicts of interest and
conflicts of commitment in accordance with
subsection (c)(1). Such programs shall in-
clude an assessment of-
"(A) a grantee's support from foreign
participation in talent programs with
eign funding institutions or laboratories; and
'(B) the impact of such support and affili-
ations, appointments, or participation in tal-
ent programs on United States national se-
curity and economic interests.
'(8) Providing guidance to Executive agen-
consequences for violations of disclosure re-
'(9) Developing and implementing a cross-
agency policy and providing guidance related
to the use of digital persistent identifiers for
working on, any Federal research grant with
the goal to enhance transparency and secu-
rity, while reducing administrative
for researchers and research institutions.
'(10) Engaging with the United States re-
search community in conjunction with
National Science and Technology
and the National Academies Science, Tech-

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 1186, "chars": 8611, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7838
under section 1746 of the National Defense
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Pub-
lic Law 116-92; 42 U.S.C. 6601 note) in per-
forming the functions described in para-
graphs (1), (2), and (3) and with respect to
issues relating to Federal research security
risks.
"(11) Carrying out such other functions,
consistent with Federal law, that are nec-
essary to reduce Federal research
security
risks.
'(C) REQUIREMENTS FOR UNIFORM
GRANT
APPLICATION
PROCESS.—In
developing
the
uniform application process for Federal re-
search
and
development
grants
required
under subsection (b)(1), the Council shall—
'(1) ensure that the process
'(A) requires principal investigators, co-
associated with the proposed
search or development grant project-
"(i) to disclose biographical information,
all affiliations, including any foreign mili-
tary, foreign government-related organiza-
tions, and foreign-funded institutions, and
current and pending support, including
or foreign laboratories,
port received from foreign sources; and
"(ii) to certify the accuracy of the required
disclosures under penalty of perjury; and
'(B) uses a machine-readable application
form to assist in identifying fraud and ensur-
ing the eligibility of applicants;
'(A) to reduce the administrative burden
on persons applying for Federal research and
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
spect to insider threats and the responsibil-
ities of employees to report such threats;
"(C) gathering information for a central-
ized analysis, reporting, and response capa-
bility; and
'(D) information sharing to aid in tracking
the risk individuals may pose while moving
across programs and affiliations;
"(3)
the development and implementation
of policies and procedures under which the
insider threat program of an Executive agen-
cy accesses, shares, and integrates informa-
tion and data derived from offices within the
agency and shares insider threat information
with the executive agency research sponsors;
'(4) the designation of senior officials with
authority to provide management,
account-
ability, and oversight of the insider threat
program of an Executive agency and to make
November 4, 2021
"(h) SAVINGS PROVISION.—Nothing in this
section may be construed-
"(1) to alter or diminish the authority of
any Federal agency; or
"(2) to alter any procedural requirements
or remedies that were in place before the
date of the enactment of the Safeguarding
American Innovation Act.
"§ 7904. Annual report
"Not later than November 15 of each year,
the Chairperson of the Council shall submit
report
to the
appropriate
congressional
committees that describes the activities
of
the Council during the preceding fiscal year.
"§ 7905. Requirements for Executive agencies
'(a) IN GENERAL.
—The head of each Execu-
tive agency on the Council shall be respon-
essary to reflect the distinct needs, missions,
and systems of each Executive agency.
risks posed by persons participating in feder-
ally funded research and development;
'(2) avoiding or mitigating such risks, as
and consistent with the stand-
ards, guidelines, requirements, and practices
NATIONAL SCIENTIFIC COOPERATION.-
across the United states research commu-
nity, while safeguarding sensitive informa-
tion; and
"(3)
complete the process not later than 1
year after the date of the enactment of the
Saleguarding American Innovation Act.
"(d) REQUIREMENTS FOR INFORMATION SHAR-
ING CRITERIA.—In identifying or developing
criteria and procedures for sharing informa-
tion with respect to Federal research secu-
rity risks under subsection (b)(3),
cil shall ensure that such criteria address, at
'(1) the information to be shared;
'(2) the circumstances under which shar-
ing is mandated or voluntary;
'(3) the circumstances under which it is
appropriate for an Executive agency to rely
on information made available through such
sharing in exercising the responsibilities and
authorities of the agency under applicable
laws relating to the award of grants;
'(4) the procedures for protecting intellec-
tual capital that may be present in such in-
appropriate privacy protections for
persons involved in Federal research and de-
REQUIREMENTS FOR INSIDER THREAT
PROGRAM GUIDANCE.—In identifying or devel-
oping guidance with respect to insider threat
programs under subsection (b)(6), the Council
shall ensure that such guidance provides for,
"(1) such programs-
"(A) to deter, detect, and mitigate insider
"(B) to leverage counterintelligence, secu-
rity, information assurance, and other rel-
evant functions and resources to identify and
counter insider threats; and
"(2) the development of an integrated capa-
bility to monitor and audit information for
ignated under section 7902(c)(4), shall estab-
lish a process for informing members of the
United States research community and the
public, through the issuance of warnings de-
scribed in paragraph (2), of potential risks
vulnerabilities
entific cooperation that may undermine the
integrity and security of the United States
research community or place at risk any fed-
erally funded research and development.
"(2) CONTENT.
A warning described in this
paragraph shall include, to the extent the
Council considers appropriate, a description
of-
'(A)
activities
by
the
national
govern-
ment, local governments, research institu-
tions, or universities of a foreign country-
'(i) to exploit, interfere, or undermine re-
search and development by the United States
'(ii) to misappropriate
scientific knowl-
'(A) monitoring user activity on computer
networks controlled by Executive agencies;
'(B) providing employees of
agencies with awareness training with re-
'(B) efforts by strategic competitors to ex-
ploit the research enterprise
country that may place at risk-
"(i) the science and technology of that for-
"(ii) federally funded research and develop-
"(C) practices within the research enter-
prise of a foreign country that do not adhere
to the United
scientific values of
rity, and merit-based competition.
eral research security risk, the Interagency
Suspension and Debarment Committee shall
provide quarterly reports to the Director of
of Management and Budget and
the Director of the Office of Science and
Technology Policy that detail-
'(1) the number of ongoing investigations
by Council Members related to Federal re-
search security that may result, or have re-
sulted, in agency pre-notice letters, suspen-
sions, proposed debarments, and debarments;
compliance with
interagency suspensions
"(3) efforts by the Interagency Suspension
and Debarment Committee to mitigate Fed-
eral research security risk;
"(4) proposals for developing a unified Fed-
eral policy on suspensions and debarments;
'(5) other current suspension and debar-
'(3) prioritizing Federal research security
risk assessments conducted under paragraph
(1) based on the applicability and relevance
of the research and development to the na-
tional security and economic competitive-
ness of the United States; and
that initiatives impacting
Federally funded research grant making pol-
icy and management to protect the national
United States are integrated with the activi-
-The responsibility of the
head of an Executive agency for assessing
Federal research
security risk described in
subsection (a) includes-
'(1) developing an overall Federal research
security risk management strategy and im-
plementation plan and policies and processes
to guide and govern Federal research secu-
rity risk management activities by the Exec-
'(2) integrating Federal research security
risk management practices throughout the
lifecycle of the grant programs of the Execu-
sharing relevant information with
other Executive agencies, as determined ap-
propriate by the Council in a manner con-
sistent with section 7903; and
'(4) reporting on the effectiveness of the
Federal research security risk management
strategy of the Executive agency consistent
with guidance issued by the Office of Man-
agement and Budget and the Council."
(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of
chapters at the beginning of title 31, United
States Code, is amended by
the item relating to chapter 77 the following:
'79. Federal Research Security Coun-
FEDERAL GRANT APPLICATION
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 47 of title 18,
United States Code, is amended by adding at
"$ 1041. Federal grant application fraud
"(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
"(1) FEDERAL AGENCY.—The term 'Federal
'agency' in section 551 of title 5, United
'(2) FEDERAL GRANT.—The term 'Federal
'(A) means a grant awarded by a Federal
'(B) includes a subgrant awarded by a non-
Federal entity to carry out a Federal grant

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 1125, "chars": 7964, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
"(i) direct United States Government cash
"(ii) a subsidy;
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(d) PENALTY.—Any individual who vio- sibility
described in subsection (a) may
"(1) shall be fined in accordance with this
title, imprisoned for not more than 5 years,
(2) the number of individuals determined
to be inadmissible under subsection (a), in-
"(2) shall be prohibited from receiving a
Federal grant during the 5-year period begin-
ning on the date on which a sentence is im-
vidual and the reasons for each determina-
tion of inadmissibility; and
(3) the number of days from the date of the
consular interview until a final decision is
issued for each application for a visa consid-
ered under this section, listed by applicants'
of citizenship and relevant con-
(d) CLASSIFICATION OF REPORT.—Each re-
port required under subsection (c) shall be
submitted, to the extent practicable, in an
term 'Federal grant application'
application for a Federal grant.
'foreign compensation' means a title, mone-
tary compensation, access to a laboratory or
other resource, or other benefit
'(A) a foreign government;
'(B) a foreign government institution; or
'(C) a foreign public enterprise.
'(5) FOREIGN GOVERNMENT.—The term 'for-
eign government' includes a person acting or
purporting to act on behalf of-
"(A) a faction, party, department, agency,
or military of a foreign country; or
"(B) a foreign government or a person pur-
porting to act as a foreign government,
gardless of whether the United States recog-
nizes the government.
'foreign government institution'
means a foreign entity owned by, subject to
the control of, or subject to regulation by a
CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The analysis
for chapter 47 of title 18, United States Code,
is amended by adding at the end the fol-
'1041. Federal grant application fraud.".
RESTRICTING THE ACQUISITION OF
EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES BY CER-
(a) GROUNDS OF INADMISSIBILITY.—The Sec-
retary of State may determine that an alien
is inadmissible if the Secretary determines
to knowingly acquire
tional security interests of the United States
by benefitting an adversarial foreign govern-
ment's security or strategic capabilities.
(b) RELEVANT FACTORS.-
an alien is inadmissible under subsection (a),
the Secretary of State shall-
(1) take account of information and anal-
yses relevant to implementing subsection (a)
from the Office of the Director of National
Intelligence, the Department of Health and
Human Services, the Department of Defense,
the Department of Homeland Security, the
Department of Energy, the Department of
Commerce, and other
(2) take account of the continual expert as-
sessments of evolving sensitive or emerging
-This section shall cease to be
effective on the date that is 2 years after the
date of the enactment of this Act.
MACHINE READABLE VISA DOCU-
(a) MACHINE-READABLE DOCUMENTS.—Not
later than 1 year after the date of the enact-
term 'foreign public enterprise' means an en-
terprise over which a foreign government di-
rectly or indirectly exercises a dominant in-
'(8) LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY.—The term
'(A) means a Federal, State, local, or Trib-
al law enforcement agency; and
"(i) the Office of Inspector General of an
establishment (as defined in section 12 of the
Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C.
or a designated Federal entity (as defined in
section 8G(a) of the Inspector General Act of
"(ii) the Office
of Inspector General,
similar office, of a State or unit of local gov-
(3) take account of relevant information
concerning the foreign person's employment
(1) use a machine-readable visa application
(2) make available documents submitted in
readable format to assist in—
(B) conducting lawful law enforcement ac-
(C) determining the eligibility of appli-
cants for a visa under the Immigration and
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.).
-The Secretary of State may
waive the requirement under subsection (a)
days before such waiver takes effect-
(1) a detailed explanation for why the waiv-
(2) a timeframe for the implementation of
the requirement under subsection (a).
-Not later than 45 days after
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-
retary of State shall submit a report to the
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs of the Senate,
mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-
tation of the Senate, the Select Committee
on Intelligence of the Senate, the Committee
on Foreign Relations of the Senate; the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform of the House
of Representatives, the Committee on Home-
land Security
of the House of Representa-
tives, the Committee on Energy and Com-
House of Representatives, the
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence
of the House
of Representatives,
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House
institutions involved in the
theft of United States research;
compensation'
(C) entities involved in export control vio-
pensation, resource, or support (regardless of
lations or the theft of intellectual property;
monetary value) made available to the appli-
(D) a government that seeks to undermine
search endeavor, including a title, research
States research community; or
grant, cooperative agreement, contract, in-
collaborations
stitutional award, access to a laboratory,
that pose a national security threat based on
intelligence assessments; and
compensation, or work incentives.
(4) weigh the proportionality of risks and
"(b) PROHIBITION.—It shall be unlawful for the factors listed in paragraphs (1) through
any individual to knowingly-
'(1) prepare or submit a Federal grant ap-
plication that fails to disclose the receipt of
than 180 days after the date of the enactment
any outside compensation, including foreign
semi-annually
compensation, by the individual;
until the sunset date set forth in subsection
'(2) forge, counterfeit, or otherwise falsify
(e), the Secretary of State, in coordination
a document for the purpose of obtaining a
with the Director of National Intelligence,
the Director of the Office of Science and
'(3) prepare, submit, or assist in the prepa-
Technology Policy, the Secretary of Home-
ration or submission of a Federal grant ap-
plication or document in connection with a
Federal grant application that—
'(A) contains a false statement;
"(B) contains a material misrepresenta-
'(C) has no basis in law or fact; or
'(D) fails to disclose a material fact.
'(C) EXCEPTION.—Subsection (b) does not
'(1) carried out in connection with a law-
fully authorized investigative, protective, or
Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Com-
merce, and the heads of other appropriate
Federal agencies, shall submit a report to
the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-
ate, the Committee on Foreign Relations of
the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-
the Committee on the Judiciary of the
House of Representatives, the Committee on
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives, and the Committee on Oversight and
Reform of the House of Representatives that
'(A) a law enforcement agency; or
'(B) a Federal intelligence agency; or
'(2) authorized under chapter 224.
(1) any criteria, if relevant used to describe
the aliens to which the grounds of inadmis-
ments provided by a visa applicant in sup-
port of a visa application are stored and
shared by the Department of State with au-
(2) identifies the sections of a visa applica-
tion that are machine-readable and the sec-
tions that are not machine-readable;
(3) provides cost estimates,
including per-
sonnel costs and a cost-benefit analysis for
optical character recognition, for-
(A) making every element of a visa appli-
cation, and documents submitted in support
of a visa application, machine-readable; and
(B) ensuring that such system
personally-identifiable infor-
(ii) permits the sharing of visa information
with Federal agencies in accordance with ex-
isting law; and
(4) includes an estimated timeline for com-
pleting the implementation of subsection (a).

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 1135, "chars": 7875, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SEC. 4497. CERTIFICATIONS REGARDING ACCESS
NOLOGY IN EDUCATIONAL AND CUL-
TURAL EXCHANGE PROGRAMS.
Section 102(b)(5) of the Mutual Educational
and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C.
2452(b)(5)) is amended to read as follows:
promoting and supporting
scientific, cultural, and educational research
foreign researchers and sci-
while protecting technologies regu-
lated by export control laws important to
the national security and economic interests
of the United States, by requiring—
'(A) the sponsor to certify to the Depart-
ment of State that the sponsor, after review-
Controls Act of 2018 (50 U.S.C. 4811 et seq.)
and the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C.
2751 et seq.), has determined that-
"(i) a license is not required from the De-
partment of Commerce or the Department of
State to release such technology or technical
data to the exchange visitor; or
"(ii)(I) a license is required from the De-
partment of Commerce or the Department of
State to release such technology or technical
data to the exchange visitor; and
"(II) the sponsor will prevent access to the
controlled technology or technical data by
the exchange visitor until the sponsor—
"(aa) has received the required license or
other authorization to release it to the vis-
'(bb) has provided a copy of such license or
authorization to the Department of State;
"(B) if the sponsor maintains export con-
the Department of
State the sponsor's plan to prevent unau-
thorized export or transfer of any controlled
items, materials, information, or technology
at the sponsor organization or entities asso-
ciated with a sponsor's administration of the
SEC. 4498. PRIVACY AND CONFIDENTIALITY.
Nothing in this subtitle may be construed
as affecting the rights and requirements pro-
vided in section 552a of title 5. United States
Code (commonly known as the
of 1974"') or subchapter III of chapter 35 of
known as the 'Confidential Information Pro-
and Statistical Efficiency Act of
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
enhance the competitiveness of the United
States and foster an approach to artificial
intelligence that builds on the strengths of
1n
(2) enhance the ability of the Federal Gov-
ernment to translate research advances into
artificial intelligence applications to mod-
ernize systems and assist agency leaders in
(3) promote adoption of modernized busi-
with the values of the United States, includ-
ing the protection of privacy, civil rights,
(4) test and harness applied artificial intel-
ligence to enhance mission effectiveness and
business practice efficiency.
meaning given the term in section 3502 of
United States Code.
(2) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
"appropriate congressional
committees" means-
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and
form of the House of Representatives
November 4, 2021
(C) other governmental and nongovern-
mental privacy, civil rights, and civil lib-
erties experts; and
(D) any other individual or entity the Di-
rector determines to be appropriate.
(b) DEPARTMENT POLICIES
FOR PROCUREMENT AND USE OF ARTIFICIAL IN-
than 180 days after the date of enactment of
Secretary of Homeland Security,
with the participation of the Chief Procure-
ment Officer, the Chief Information Officer,
the Chief Privacy Officer, and the Officer for
Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the
partment and any other person determined
to be relevant by the Secretary of Homeland
Security, shall issue policies and procedures
for the Department related to-
(A) the acquisition and use of artificial in-
(B) considerations for the risks and im-
abled systems, including associated data
machine learning systems, to ensure that
full consideration is given to-
erties impacts of artificial intelligence-en-
given the term in section 238(g) of the John
S. McCain National Defense
Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note).
(4) ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM.-
term "artificial intelligence system"-
(A) means any data system,
tool, or utility that operates in
whole or in part using dynamic or static ma-
chine learning algorithms or other forms of
artificial intelligence, whether-
(i) the data system, software, application,
tool, or utility is established primarily for
implementing artificial
(ii) artificial intelligence capability is in-
tegrated into another system or agency busi-
operational activity, or tech-
(B) does not include any common commer-
cial product within which
ligence is embedded,
such as a word proc-
essor or map navigation system.
means the Department of Homeland Secu-
-The term "Director' means
SA 4292. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end, add the following:
DIVISION E—SECURING AMERICA'S
SEC. 4001. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS.
This division may be cited as the "Secur-
TITLE I-ADVANCING AMERICAN AI
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Advanc-
SEC. 4204. PRINCIPLES AND POLICIES FOR USE
(a) GUIDANCE.—The Director
developing the guidance required under sec-
tion 104(a) of the AI in Government Act of
2020 (title I of division U of Public Law 116-
260), consider-
practices identified by the National Security
Commission on Artificial Intelligence in the
report entitled 'Key Considerations for the
The purposes of this subtitle are to-
ligence-related programs and initiatives that
(2) the principles articulated in Executive
Order 13960 (85 Fed. Reg. 78939; relating to
promoting the use of trustworthy artificial
intelligence in Government); and
(3) the input of-
(A) the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-
(B) relevant interagency councils, such as
the Federal Privacy Council, the Chief Infor-
mation Officers Council, and the Chief Data
ligence-enabled systems; and
(2) the Chief Privacy Officer and the Offi-
cer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the
Department shall report to Congress on any
additional staffing or funding resources that
may be required to carry out the require-
(C) INSPECTOR GENERAL.—Not later than 180
days after the date of enactment of this Act,
the Department
shall identify any training and investments
needed to enable employees of the Office of
the Inspector General to continually advance
their understanding of
(1) artificial intelligence systems;
sight, and audits of the use of artificial intel-
ligence systems; and
(3) how the Office of the Inspector General
audit and investigative capabilities, includ-
ing actions to-
(A) ensure the integrity of audit and inves-
(B) guard against bias in the selection and
conduct of audits and investigations.
(d) ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE HYGIENE AND
GOVERNMENT INFORMATION,
RIGHTS, AND CIVIL
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 1 year
after the date of enactment of this Act, the
in consultation with a working
group consisting of members selected by the
Director from appropriate interagency coun-
cils, shall develop an initial means by which
(A) ensure that contracts for the acquisi-
tion of an artificial intelligence system
(i) align with the guidance issued to the
head of each agency under section 104(a) of
the AI in Government Act of 2020 (title I of
division U of Public Law 116-260);
protection of privacy, civil
(iii) address the ownership and security of
data and other information created, used,
processed, stored, maintained, disseminated,
disclosed, or disposed of by a contractor or
subcontractor on behalf of the Federal Gov-
(iv) include considerations for securing the
training data, algorithms, and other compo-
nents of any
artificial intelligence system
degradation, or rendering inoperable; and

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 1160, "chars": 8331, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(B) address any other issue or concern de- tion with the Chief Information Officers
termined to be relevant by the Director to
Council, the Chief Data Officers Council, and
ensure appropriate use and protection of pri-
other interagency bodies as determined to be
vacy and Government data and other infor-
appropriate by the Director, shall identify 4
new use cases for the application of artificial
(2) CONSULTATION.-In developing the con-
intelligence-enabled
siderations under
paragraph (1)(A)(iv), the
interagency or intra-agency modernization
Director shall consult with the Secretary of
Homeland Security, the Director of the Na-
nology, and the Director of National Intel-
consistent with applicable laws and policies,
including those relating to the protection of
privacy and of sensitive law enforcement, na-
tional security, and other protected informa-
(A) should continuously update the means
developed under paragraph (1); and
(B) not later than 2 years after the date of
quently than every 2 years thereafter, shall
update the means developed under paragraph
(4) BRIEFING.—The Director shall brief the
appropriate congressional committees-
(A) not later than 90 days after the date of
quarterly basis until the Director first im-
the means developed under para-
(B) annually thereafter on the implemen-
-This subsection shall cease to
be effective on the date that is 5 years after
the date of enactment of this Act.
SEC. 4205. AGENCY INVENTORIES
CIAL INTELLIGENCE USE CASES.
after the date of enactment of this Act, and
years, the Director, in consultation with the
Chief Information Officers Council, the Chief
Data Officers Council, and other interagency
bodies as determined to be appropriate by
the Director, shall require the head of each
(1) prepare and maintain an inventory of
the artificial intelligence use cases of the
agency, including current and planned uses;
agencies, to the extent practicable and con-
sistent with applicable law and policy, in-
cluding those concerning protection
vacy and of sensitive law enforcement,
tional security, and other protected informa-
(3) make agency inventories available to
the public, in a manner determined by the
Director, and to the extent practicable and
in accordance with applicable law and pol-
icy, including those concerning the protec-
tion of privacy and of sensitive law enforce-
ment, national security, and other protected
(b) CENTRAL INVENTORY.—The Director is
encouraged to designate a
ensure the creation and maintenance of an
(1) make agency artificial intelligence use
case information available to the public and
those wishing to do business with the Fed-
(2) identify common use cases across agen-
(C) SHARING.—The sharing of agency inven-
tories described in subsection (a)(2) may be
coordinated through the Chief Information
Council, the Chief Financial Officers Coun-
cil, the Chief Acquisition Officers Council, or
other interagency bodies to improve inter-
agency coordination and information sharing
(1) PURPOSES.—The purposes of the pilot
program under this subsection include-
(A) to enable agencies to operate across or-
tween existing
established programs
silos to improve delivery of the agency mis-
demonstrate the circumstances
which artificial intelligence
used to modernize or assist in modernizing
(2) DEPLOYMENT AND PILOT.—Not later than
1 year after the date of enactment of this
Act, the Director, in coordination with the
heads of relevant agencies and other officials
as the Director determines to be appropriate,
shall ensure the initiation of the piloting of
the 4 new artificial intelligence use case ap-
plications identified under subsection (a),
nologies and systems to demonstrate scal-
able artificial intelligence-enabled capabili-
ties to support the use cases identified under
PLAN.—In carrying out paragraph (2), the Di-
rector shall require the heads of agencies
(A) evaluate risks in utilizing artificial in-
(B) develop a risk mitigation plan to ad-
(v) outcomes measurement to measure eco-
(6) REQUIREMENTS.—Not later than 3 years
after the date of enactment of this Act,
Director, in coordination with
relevant agencies and other officials as the
Director determines to be appropriate, shall
establish an artificial intelligence capability
of the 4 use case pilots under
(A) solves data access and usability issues
with automated technology and eliminates
cleansing and harmonization efforts;
(B) continuously and automatically ingests
data and updates domain models in
real-time to help identify new patterns and
predict trends, to the extent possible, to help
agency personnel to make better decisions
(C) organizes data for meaningful data vis-
ualization and analysis so the Government
has predictive transparency for situational
awareness to improve use case outcomes;
(D) is rapidly configurable to support mul-
tiple applications and automatically adapts
to dynamic conditions and evolving use case
requirements, to the extent possible;
laboration across agencies; and
(F) preserves intellectual property rights
to the data and output for benefit of the Fed-
eral Government and agencies.
(C) BRIEFING.—Not earlier than 270 days
but not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, and annually thereafter
for 4 years, the Director shall brief the ap-
activities carried out under this section and
results of those activities.
The section shall cease to be
effective on the date that is 5 years after the
date of enactment of this Act.
(a) INNOVATIVE
COMMERCIAL ITEMS.—Sec-
tion 880 of the National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (41 U.S.C. 3301
SCALE OF APPLIED ARTIFICIAL IN-
TELLIGENCE CAPABILITIES TO DEM-
ONSTRATE MODERNIZATION ACTIVI-
(a) IDENTIFICATION
later than 270 days after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Director, in consulta-
(i) the artificial intelligence system not
(ii) the lack of sufficient or quality train-
(iii) the vulnerability of a utilized artifi-
cial intelligence system to unauthorized ma-
(4) PRIORITIZATION.—In carrying out para-
graph (2), the Director shall prioritize mod-
(A) would benefit from commercially avail-
able privacy-preserving techniques, such as
use of differential privacy, federated learn-
ing, and secure multiparty computing; and
(B) otherwise take into account consider-
ations of civil rights and civil liberties.
CASE MODERNIZATION APPLICATION
-Use case modernization application
areas described in paragraph (2) shall include
not less than 1 from each of the following
(A) Applied artificial intelligence to drive
agency productivity efficiencies in predictive
supply chain and logistics, such as—
(i) predictive food demand and optimized
(ii) predictive medical supplies and equip-
ment demand and optimized supply; or
(iii) predictive logistics to accelerate dis-
aster preparedness, response, and recovery.
(B) Applied artificial intelligence to accel-
erate agency investment return and address
mission-oriented challenges, such as-
(i) applied artificial intelligence portfolio
(ii) workforce development and upskilling;
(iii) redundant and laborious analyses;
(iv) determining compliance with Govern-
$10,000,000' and inserting '$25,000,000';
(2) by amending subsection (f) to read as
'(f) DEFINITIONS.—In this section-
'(1) the term 'commercial product'
'(A) has the meaning given the term 'com-
mercial item' in section 2.101 of the Federal
Acquisition Regulation; and
"(B) includes a commercial product or a
commercial service,
as defined in
103 and 103a, respectively, of title 41, United
'(2) the term 'innovative' means-
'(A) any new technology, process, or meth-
od, including research and development; or
technology, process, or method."; and
(3) in subsection (g), by striking '2022" and
(b) DHS OTHER TRANSACTION AUTHORITY.-
Section 831 of the Homeland Security Act of
2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) is amended—
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1),
by striking 'September 30, 2017" and insert-
ing 'September 30, 2024"; and
(B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as
"(A) may, under the authority of para-
graph (1), carry out prototype projects under
section 2371b of title 10, United States Code;
'(B) in applying the authorities of such
the Secretary shall perform
the functions of the Secretary of Defense as
prescribed in such section.";

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 1140, "chars": 7835, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7842
(2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking "Sep-
tember
30, 2017"
and inserting "September
(3) in subsection (d), by striking
"section 2371b(e) of title 10, United States
CHAIN RISK MANAGEMENT TooLs.—The Gen-
eral Services Administration is encouraged
chain risk management tools to improve the
ability of the Federal Government to charac-
terize, monitor, predict, and respond to spe-
cific supply chain threats and vulnerabilities
that could inhibit future Federal acquisition
Subtitle A-Facilitating Federal Employee
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
to return to the original position of the em-
ployee, or a similar position, particularly if
the employee is unsuccessful in the position
to which the employee transfers after com-
pleting the Federal reskilling program;
(5) provides that an employee who success-
fully completes the Federal reskilling pro-
gram and transfers to a position that re-
quires the technical skill or expertise pro-
vided through the Federal reskilling
gram shall be entitled to have the grade of
the position held immediately before
transfer in a manner in accordance with sec-
tion 5362 of title 5, United States Code;
(6) provides that an employee serving in a
position in the excepted service may
transfer to a position in the
service solely by reason of the completion of
the Federal reskilling program by the em-
(7) includes a mechanism
comes of the Federal reskilling program in
November 4, 2021
Subtitle B-Federal Rotational Cyber
Workforce Program
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Federal
Rotational Cyber Workforce Program Act of
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Facili-
tating Federal Employee Reskilling Act"
SEC. 4302. RESKILLING FEDERAL EMPLOYEES.
"agency" has the
meaning given the term "Executive agency"
in section 105 of title 5, United States Code.
GRESS.—The term
"appropriate committees
Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and
Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives.
petitive service" has the meaning given the
term in section 2102 of title 5, United States
(4) DIRECTOR.—The term 'Director" means
the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-
than 1 year after the date of enactment of
this Act, the Director shall establish report-
metrics and procedures for agencies to track
which shall include,
with respect to each
In this subtitle:
(1) AGENCY.—The term "agency" has the
in section 105 of title 5, United States Code,
except that the term does not include the
Government Accountability Office.
petitive service' has the meaning given that
term in section 2102 of title 5, United States
COUNCILS.—The term 'Councils"
(A) the Chief Human Capital Officers Coun-
cil established under section 1303 of the Chief
Human Capital Officers Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C.
Chief Information Officers Council
established under section 3603 of title
United States Code.
(4) CYBER WORKFORCE POSITION.—The term
"cyber workforce position" means a position
identified as having information technology,
cybersecurity, or other cyber-related func-
tions under section 303 of the Federal Cyber-
security Workforce Assessment Act of 2015 (5
U.S.C. 301 note).
(5) DIRECTOR.—The term "Director"
the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-
(6) EMPLOYEE.—The term "employee" has
the meaning given the term in section 2105 of
AGENCY.-The term
which an employee is detailed to a rotational
means an employee serving in a position in
the competitive service or the excepted serv-
cepted service' has the meaning given the
term in section 2103 of title 5, United States
term "Federal reskilling program"
program established by the head of an agen-
cy or the Director to provide employees with
the technical skill or expertise that would
qualify the employees to serve in a different
position in the competitive service or the ex-
that requires such technical
(b) REQUIREMENTS.—With respect to a Fed-
eral reskilling program
established by the
head of an agency or by the Director before,
Act, the agency head or the Director, as ap-
(1) is implemented in a manner that is in
accordance with
the bar on prohibited per-
sonnel practices under section 2302 of title 5,
United States Code, and consistent with the
merit system principles under section 2301 of
title 5, United States Code,
including by
reskilling program;
(2) collecting and reporting
ployees who have applied for, participated
in, or completed the Federal reskilling pro-
(3) attrition of employees who have com-
pleted the Federal reskilling program; and
(4) any other measures or outcomes that
the Director determines to be relevant.
(d) GAO REPORT.—Not later than 3 years
after the date of enactment of this Act, the
Comptroller General
of the United
shall conduct a comprehensive study of, and
reskilling programs that includes
(1) a summary of each Federal reskilling
program and methods by which each Federal
reskilling program recruits, selects, and re-
(2) an analysis of the accessibility of each
reskilling program for a diverse set
effectiveness,
costs, and benefits of the Federal reskilling
(4) recommendations to improve Federal
reskilling programs to accomplish the goal
of reskilling the Federal workforce.
(1) not later than 1 year after the date of
enactment of this Act,
shall prescribe regu-
lations for the reporting requirements and
metrics and procedures under subsection (C);
(2) may prescribe additional regulations, as
the Director determines necessary,
vide for requirements with respect to, and
cepted service' has the meaning given that
term in section 2103 of title 5, United States
reskilling program;
(2) includes appropriate limitations
strictions associated with implementing the
Federal reskilling program,
consistent with any regulations prescribed
by the Director under subsection (e);
(3) provides that any new position to which
an employee who participates in the Federal
reskilling program is transferred will utilize
the technical skill or expertise that the em-
ployee acquired by participating in the Fed-
eral reskilling program;
(4) includes the option for an employee par-
ticipating in the Federal reskilling program
any regulation
scribed under this subsection, shall brief the
appropriate committees of Congress with re-
spect to the regulation not later than 30 days
before the date on which the final version of
(f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this
section may be construed to require the head
of an agency or the Director to establish a
program established by the head of an agen-
cy or the Director shall be carried out using
amounts otherwise made available to that
agency head or the Director, as applicable.
-The term "rotational cyber workforce
with respect to which a determination has
been made under section 4353(a)(1).
(10) ROTATIONAL
"rotational cyber
means the program for the
detail of employees among rotational cyber
workforce positions at agencies.
means the Secretary of Homeland Security.
SEC. 4353. ROTATIONAL CYBER WORKFORCE PO-
(a) DETERMINATION WITH RESPECT TO ROTA-
(1) IN GENERAL.—The head of each
may determine that a cyber workforce posi-
tion in that agency is eligible for the rota-
tional cyber workforce program, which shall
not be construed to modify the requirement
under section 4354(b)(3) that participation in
the rotational cyber workforce program by
an employee shall be voluntary.
(2) NOTICE PROVIDED.—The head of an agen-
cy shall submit to the Director—
made by the head of the agency under para-
(B) for each position with respect to which
the head of the agency makes a determina-
tion under paragraph (1), the information re-
quired under subsection (b)(1).
with assistance from the Councils and the
Secretary, shall develop a list of rotational
cyber workforce positions that-
(1) with respect to each such position, to
the extent that the information does not dis-
close sensitive national security

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 1239, "chars": 8199, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(A) the title of the position;
(B) the occupational series with respect to
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
which the employee would have been enti- ployee is required to complete a period of
tled had the employee not been detailed;
employment with the employing agency fol-
(8) provide that discretion with respect to
lowing the conclusion of the detail that is
(C) the grade level or work level with re-
the assignment of an employee under the ro-
equal in length to the period of the detail.
cyber workforce program shall re-
(B) OTHER AGREEMENTS AND OBLIGATIONS.
(D) the agency in which the position is 1o-
main with the employing agency of the em-
A written service agreement under subpara-
graph (A) shall not supersede or modify the
(E) the duty location with respect to the
(F) the major duties and functions of the
(2) shall be used to support the rotational
distribute an updated list developed under
subsection (b) to the head of each agency and
ROTATIONAL CYBER WORKFORCE
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 270 days
after the date of enactment of this Act, and
in consultation with the Councils, the Sec-
and any other entity as the Director deter-
mines appropriate,
velop and issue a Federal Rotational Cyber
Workforce Program operation plan providing
policies, processes, and procedures for a pro-
gram for the detailing of employees among
and implemented through mechanisms in ex-
istence on the date of enactment of this Act.
(2) UPDATING.—The Director may, in con-
sultation with the Councils, the
and other entities as the Director determines
ation plan developed and issued under para-
(b) REQUIREMENTS.—The operation plan de-
veloped and issued under subsection (a) shall,
at a minimum-
(1) identify agencies for participation in
the rotational cyber workforce program;
(2) establish procedures for the rotational
cyber workforce program, including-
(A) any training, education, or career de-
velopment requirements associated with par-
ticipation in the rotational cyber workforce
(B) any prerequisites or requirements for
the rotational cyber work-
(C) appropriate rotational cyber workforce
(9) require that an employee detailed to a
rotational cyber worktorce position
the rotational cyber workforce program in
an agency that is not the employing agency
of the employee shall have all the rights that
would be available to the employee if the
employee were detailed under a provision of
law other than this subtitle from the em-
ploying agency to the agency in which the
rotational cyber workforce position is lo-
(10) provide that participation by an em-
ployee in the rotational cyber workforce pro-
gram shall not constitute
a change in the
conditions of the employment of the em-
(11) provide that an employee participating
in the rotational cyber workforce program
shall receive performance evaluations relat-
ing to service in the rotational cyber work-
force program in a participating agency that
(A) prepared by an appropriate officer, su-
pervisor, or management official of the em-
ploying agency, acting in coordination with
employee is performing service in the rota-
tional cyber workforce position;
(B) based on objectives identified in the op-
eration plan with respect to the employee;
(C) based in whole or in part on the con-
tribution of the employee to
which the employee performed such service,
as communicated from that agency to the
employing agency of the employee.
REQUIREMENTS
TIONAL SERVICE.
(1) IN GENERAL.—An employee serving in a
cyber workforce position in an agency may,
with the approval of the head of the agency,
submit an application for detail to a rota-
tional cyber workforce position that appears
on the list developed under section 4353(b).
(2) OPM APPROVAL
TIONS.—An employee serving in a position in
the excepted service may only be selected for
a rotational cyber workforce position that is
in the competitive service with the prior ap-
of the Office of Personnel
ment, in accordance with section 300.301 of
Code of Federal Regulations, or any
under any other authority or relieve the ob-
ligations between the employee and the em-
ploying agency under such a service agree-
ment. Nothing in this subparagraph prevents
agreement entered into under any
other authority under the terms of such
agreement or as required by law or regula-
SEC. 4355. REPORTING BY GAO.
Not later than the end of the third fiscal
year after the fiscal year in which the oper-
ation plan under section 4354(a) is issued, the
shall submit to Congress a report assessing
the operation and effectiveness of the rota-
tional cyber workforce program, which shall
(1) the extent to which agencies have par-
ticipated in the rotational cyber workforce
program, including whether the head of each
such participating agency has
(A) identified positions within the agency
that are rotational cyber workforce posi-
(B) had employees from other participating
agencies serve in positions described in sub-
paragraph (A); and
(C) had employees of the agency request to
serve in rotational cyber workforce positions
under the rotational cyber workforce pro-
gram in participating agencies, including a
description of how many such requests were
(2) the experiences of employees serving in
rotational cyber workforce positions under
the rotational cyber workforce program, in-
(A) the period of service;
(B) the positions (including grade level and
occupational series or work level) held by
employees before completing service in a ro-
tational cyber workforce position under the
rotational cyber workforce program;
(C) the extent to which each employee who
position under
cyber workforce program achieved a higher
skill level, or attained a skill level in a dif-
with respect to information
technology, cybersecurity, or other cyber-re-
(D) the extent to which service in
tional cyber workforce positions has affected
other accountability devices for the evalua-
(3) provide that participation in the rota-
tional cyber workforce program by an em-
ployee shall be voluntary;
(4) provide that an employee shall be eligi-
workforce program if the head of the em-
ploying agency of the employee,
ignee of the head of the employing agency of
approves of the participation
(5) provide that the detail of an employee
gram shall be on a nonreimbursable basis;
provide that agencies may
partner to ensure that the employing agency
of an employee who participates in the rota-
tional cyber workforce program is able to fill
the position vacated by the employee;
(7) require that an employee detailed to a
rotational cyber workforce position under
the rotational cyber workforce
upon the end of the period of service with re-
the detail, shall be entitled to re-
turn to the position held by the employee, or
an equivalent position,
agency of the employee without loss of pay,
shall select an employee
for a rotational
cyber workforce position under the rota-
tional cyber workforce program in a manner
principles under
section 2301(b) of title
Except as provided in subpara-
3341(b) of title 5, United States Code, a detail
rotational cyber workforce
shall be for a period of not less than 180 days
and not more than 1 year.
(C) EXTENSION.—The Chief Human Capital
Officer of the agency to which an employee
is detailed under the rotational cyber work-
force program may extend the period of a de-
tail described in subparagraph (B) for a pe-
riod of 60 days unless the Chief Human Cap-
ital Officer of the employing agency of the
employee objects to that extension.
(4) WRITTEN SERVICE AGREEMENTS.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The detail of an employee
cyber workforce
shall be contingent upon the employee enter-
ing into a written service agreement with
the employing agency under which the em-
tions, and personnel management.
SEC. 4356. SUNSET.
Effective 5 years after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, this subtitle is repealed.
TITLE IV-OTHER MATTERS
Subtitle A-Ensuring Security of Unmanned
Aircraft Systems
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Amer-
ican Security Drone Act of 2021".
"covered foreign entity" means an entity in-
cluded on a list developed and maintained by
This list will include entities in
lowing categories:
(A) An entity included on the Consolidated

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 1088, "chars": 7690, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
extrajudicial direction from a foreign gov-
ernment, as determined by the Secretary of
(C) Any entity the Secretary of Homeland
in coordination with the Director
of National Intelligence and the Secretary of
Defense, determines poses a national secu-
(D) Any entity domiciled in the People's
Republic of China or subject to influence or
the Government of the People's
of the People's Republic of China,
mined by the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
(E) Any subsidiary or affiliate of an entity
described in subparagraphs (A) through (D).
(2) COVERED UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM.-
tem" has the meaning given
manned aircraft system' in section 44801 of
title 49, United States Code.
SEC. 4403. PROHIBITION ON PROCUREMENT OF
SYSTEMS FROM COVERED FOREIGN
(a) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided under
subsections (b) though (f), the head of an ex-
ecutive agency may not procure any covered
unmanned aircraft system that are manufac-
tured or assembled by a covered foreign enti-
ty, which includes associated elements (con-
sisting of communication links and the com-
ponents that control the unmanned aircraft)
that are required for the operator to operate
space system. The Federal Acquisition Secu-
rity Council, in coordination with the Sec-
retary of Transportation, shall develop and
update a list of associated elements.
land Security, the Secretary of Defense, and
restriction under subsection (a) if the oper-
ation or procurement-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
for the sole purpose of marine or atmos- SEC. 4405. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FEDERAL
pheric science or management.
FUNDS FOR PURCHASES AND OPER-
an executive
agency may waive the prohibition under sub-
AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS FROM COVERED
section (a) on a case-by-case basis-
(1) with the approval of the Secretary of
Homeland Security or the Secretary of De-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Beginning on the date
that is 2 years after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, except as provided in sub-
(2) upon notification to Congress.
SEC. 4404. PROHIBITION ON OPERATION OF COV-
through a contract, grant,
agreement, or otherwise made available may
TEMS FROM COVERED FOREIGN EN-
(1) to purchase a covered unmanned air-
manned aircraft systems, that is manufac-
tured or assembled by a covered foreign enti-
connection with the operation of
such a drone or unmanned aircraft system.
agency is exempt from the restriction under
that is 2 years after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, no Federal department or
agency may operate a covered unmanned air-
craft system manufactured or assembled by
a covered foreign entity.
(2) APPLICABILITY TO CONTRACTED SERV-
ICES.—The prohibition under
applies to any covered unmanned
systems that are being used by any executive
agency through the method of contracting
for the services of covered unmanned aircraft
(b) EXEMPTION.—The Secretary of Home-
land Security, the Secretary of Defense, and
the Attorney General are exempt from the
restriction under subsection (a) if the oper-
sole purposes of research,
evaluation, training, testing;
agreement was awarded prior to the date of
the enactment of this Act; or
(2) the operation or procurement is for the
sole purposes of research, evaluation, train-
the Secretary
Secretary of Defense, or the Attorney Gen-
(B) information warfare operations;
(B) information warfare operations;
(C) development of UAS or counter-UAS
counterterrorism or counterintel-
ligence activities; or
(E) Federal criminal or national security
investigations, including forensic examina-
(F) the safe integration of UAS in the na-
tional airspace (as determined in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of Transportation);
(3) is required in the national interest of
(A) electronic warfare;
(B) information warfare operations;
(C) development of UAS or counter-UAS
counterterrorism or counterintel-
(E) Federal criminal or national
investigations, including forensic examina-
(2) is required in the national interest of
CENTER OF EXCELLENCE FOR UNMANNED AIR-
CRAFT SYSTEMS EXEMPTION.—The
of Transportation, in consultation with the
Secretary of Homeland Security,
from the restriction under subsection (a) if
the operation or procurement is for the sole
testing, or analysis for the Federal Aviation
Administration's Alliance for System Safety
through Research Excellence (AS
SURE) Center of Excellence (COE) for Un-
BOARD EXEMPTION.—The National Transpor-
tation Safety Board (NTSB), in consultation
with the Secretary of Homeland Security, is
section (a) if the operation or procurement is
necessary for the sole purpose of conducting
(e) NATIONAL OCEANIC ATMOSPHERIC ADMIN-
ISTRATION EXEMPTION.—The Administrator of
the National Oceanic Atmospheric Adminis-
tration (NOAA), in consultation
Secretary of Homeland Security,
from the restriction under subsection (a) if
the operation or procurement is necessary
counterterrorism or counterintel-
(E) Federal criminal or national security
investigations, including forensic examina-
(2) is required in the national interest of
the United States.
CENTER OF EXCELLENCE FOR UNMANNED AIR-
CRAFT SYSTEMS EXEMPTION.—The Secretary
of Transportation, in consultation with the
Secretary of Homeland Security, is exempt
from the restriction under subsection (a) if
the operation or procurement is for the sole
purposes of research,
or analysis for the Federal Aviation
Administration's Alliance for System Safety
of UAE through
Research Excellence (AS-
SURE) Center of Excellence (COE) for Un-
TRANSPORTATION SAFETY
BOARD EXEMPTION.—The National Transpor-
tation Safety Board (NTSB), in consultation
with the Secretary of Homeland Security, is
section (a) if the operation or procurement is
necessary for the sole purpose of conducting
(e) NATIONAL OCEANIC ATMOSPHERIC ADMIN-
ISTRATION EXEMPTION.—The Administrator of
the National Oceanic Atmospheric Adminis-
Secretary of Homeland Security,
from the restriction under subsection (a) if
the operation or procurement is necessary
of marine or atmos-
pheric science or management.
agency may waive the prohibition under sub-
section (a) on a case-by-case basis-
(1) with the approval of the Secretary of
Homeland Security or the Secretary of De-
(2) upon notification to Congress.
(g) REGULATIONS AND GUIDANCE.-
than 180 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity shall prescribe regulations or guidance
agency may waive the prohibition under sub-
section (a) on a case-by-case basis
(1) with the approval of the Secretary of
Homeland Security or the Secretary of De-
(2) upon notification to Congress.
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council
shall prescribe regulations or guidance,
necessary, to implement the requirements of
this section pertaining to Federal contracts.
SEC. 4406. PROHIBITION ON USE OF
MENT-ISSUED PURCHASE CARDS TO
AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS FROM COVERED
Effective immediately, Government-issued
Purchase Cards may not be used to procure
any covered unmanned aircraft system from
SEC. 4407. MANAGEMENT OF EXISTING INVEN-
AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS FROM COVERED
(a) IN GENERAL.—Effective immediately,
all executive agencies must account for ex-
isting inventories of covered unmanned air-
craft systems manufactured or assembled by
a covered foreign entity in their personal
the original procurement cost, or the pur-
pose of procurement due to the special moni-
toring and accounting measures necessary to
track the items' capabilities.
(b) CLASSIFIED TRACKING.-
-Due to the sen-
sitive nature of missions and operations con-
ducted by the United States Government, in-
ventory data related to covered unmanned
aircraft systems manufactured or assembled
by a covered foreign entity may be tracked

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 1218, "chars": 8272, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(C) ExCEPTIONS.—The Department of De- the Office of Management and Budget shall
fense and Department of Homeland Security
incorporate an exemption to the policy for
may exclude from the full inventory process,
covered unmanned aircraft systems that are
deemed expendable due to mission risk such
(1) In the case of procurement for the pur-
poses of training, testing, or analysis for—
as recovery issues or that are one-time-use
covered unmanned aircraft due to require-
SEC. 4408. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT.
Not later than 275 days after the date of
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller
General of the United States shall submit to
Congress a report on the amount of commer-
off-the-shelf drones
manned aircraft systems procured by Fed-
eral departments and agencies from covered
SEC. 4409. GOVERNMENT-WIDE POLICY FOR PRO-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Director of the Office of Management
and Budget, in coordination with the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security, Department of
the Department of Justice,
and other Departments as determined by the
Director of the Office of Management and
Budget, and in consultation
(B) information warfare operations.
(2) In the case of researching UAs tech-
nology, including testing,
or development of technology
counter UAS.
(3) In the case of a head of the procuring
department or agency determining, in writ-
that no product that complies with the
information security requirements described
in subsection (b) is capable of fulfilling mis-
sion critical performance requirements, and
(A) may not be delegated below the level of
the Deputy Secretary of the procuring de-
(B) shall specify
(i) the quantity of end items to which the
the procurement value of
which may not exceed $50,000 per waiver; and
(ii) the time period over which the waiver
applies, which shall not exceed 3 years;
(C) shall be reported to the Office of Man-
agement and Budget following issuance of
such a determination; and
(D) not later than 30 days after the date on
provided to the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-
ate and the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives.
Subtitle B—No TikTok on Government
policy for the procurement of UAS
(1) for non-Department of Defense and non-
intelligence community operations; and
(2) through grants and cooperative agree-
ments entered into with non-Federal enti-
(b) INFORMATION SECURITY.—The policy de-
veloped under subsection (a) shall include
the following specifications, which to the ex-
tent practicable, shall be based on industry
and technical guidance from the
National Institute of Standards and Tech-
nology, to address the risks associated with
processing, storing and transmitting Federal
information in a UAS:
(1) Protections to ensure controlled access
hardware by ensuring changes to
TikTok on Government Devices Act'
SEC. 4432. PROHIBITION ON THE USE OF TIKTOK.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section—
(1) the term "covered application' means
the social networking service TikTok or any
successor application or service developed or
provided by ByteDance Limited or an entity
owned by ByteDance Limited;
(2) the term "executive agency" has the
meaning given that term in section 133 of
title 41, United States Code; and
"information technology" has
the meaning given that term in section 11101
of title 40, United States Code.
(b) PROHIBITION ON THE UsE oF TIkToK.-
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Director of the Office of Management
and Budget, in consultation with the Admin-
istrator of General Services, the Director of
and Infrastructure Secu-
rity Agency, the Director of National Intel-
ligence, and the Secretary
consistent with the information security re-
quirements under subchapter II of chapter 35
of title 14, United States Code, shall develop
standards and guidelines for executive agen-
cies requiring the removal of any covered ap-
plication from information technology.
(2) NATIONAL SECURITY AND RESEARCH EX-
CEPTIONS.—The standards and guidelines de-
veloped under paragraph (1) shall include-
(A) exceptions for law enforcement activi-
ties, national security interests and activi-
ties, and security researchers; and
(B) for any authorized use of a covered ap-
plication under an exception, requirements
for executive agencies to develop and docu-
ment risk mitigation actions for such use.
Subtitle C-National Risk Management
This subtitle may be cited as the "Na-
tional Risk Management Act of 2021".
SEC. 4462. NATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT CYCLE.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subtitle A of title XXII of
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C.
651 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end
NATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT
trolled, and configurable mechanism.
(3) Cryptographically
collected, stored, and transmitted data, in-
cluding proper handling of privacy data and
other controlled unclassified information.
(4) Appropriate
safeguards necessary
protect sensitive information, including dur-
Appropriate data
that data is not transmitted to or stored in
(6) The ability to opt out of the uploading,
downloading, or transmitting of data that is
not required by law or regulation and an
to choose with whom and where in-
formation is shared when it is required.
(C) REQUIREMENT.-The policy
under subsection (a) shall reflect an appro-
priate risk-based approach to information
security related to use of UAS.
TIONS.—Not later than 180 days after the date
the policy required under sub-
(a) INDEPENDENT STUDY.—Not later than 3
years after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Director of the Office of Manage-
ment and Budget shall seek to enter into a
contract with a federally funded research
and development center under which the cen-
(1) the current and future unmanned air-
craft system global and domestic market;
(2) the ability of the unmanned aircraft
system domestic market to keep pace with
technological advancements across the in-
(3) the ability of domestically made un-
manned aircraft systems to meet the net-
work security and data protection require-
ments of the national security enterprise;
(4) the extent to which unmanned aircraft
system component parts, such as the parts
described in section 4403, are made domesti-
(5) an assessment of the economic impact,
including cost, of excluding
eign-made UAS for use across the Federal
(b) SUBMISSION TO OMB.—Upon completion
of the study in subsection (a), the federally
shall submit the study to the Director of the
Office of Management and Budget.
than 30 days after the date on which the Di-
Budget receives the study under subsection
(b), the Director shall submit the study to-
critical functions'
government and the private sector so vital
United States that their disruption,
corruption, or dysfunction would have a de-
bilitating effect on security,
nomic security,
national public health or
safety, or any combination thereof.
'(b) NATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT CYCLE.—
IDENTIFICATION
through the Director, shall establish a recur-
ring process by which to identify, assess, and
considering both cyber and physical threats,
and consequences,
Council shall revise the Federal Acquisition
as necessary, to implement the
Federal department or agency or
other Federal entity not subject to, or not
subject solely
the Federal Acquisition
Regulation shall revise applicable policy,
guidance, or regulations, as necessary, to im-
Committee on Intelligence of the
(2) the Committee on Homeland Security
and the Committee on Oversight and Reform
and the Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence of the House of Representatives.
Sections 4403, 4404, and 4405 shall cease to
have effect on the date that is 5 years after
required under subsection (a), the Director of the date of the enactment of this Act.
process required under subparagraph (A), the
Secretary shall consult with,
and collect information to support analysis
Sector Risk Management Agencies,
critical infrastructure owners and operators,
the Assistant to the President for National
Security Affairs, the Assistant to the Presi-
dent for Homeland Security, and
tional Cyber Director.
'(C) PUBLICATION.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of enactment of this section,

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 1057, "chars": 7699, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
Subtitle D—Safeguarding American
the Secretary shall publish in the Federal
subparagraph (A), subject to
any redactions the Secretary determines are
necessary to protect classified or other sen-
'(D) REPORT.—The Secretary shall submit
to the President, the Committee on Home-
land Security and Governmental
the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland
Security of the House of Representatives a
report on the risks identified by the process
established under subparagraph (A)-
"(i) not later than 1 year after the date of
enactment of this section; and
"(ii) not later than 1 year after the date on
which the Secretary submits a periodic eval-
uation described in section 9002(b)(2) of title
XC of division H of the William M. (Mac)
Thornberry National Defense Authorization
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116-283).
This subtitle may be cited as the "Safe-
guarding American Innovation Act".
November 4, 2021
'(2) COUNCIL.—The term 'Council' means
the Federal Research Security Council es-
tablished under section 7902(a).
'(3) EXECUTIVE AGENCY.—The term 'Execu-
term in section 105 of title 5.
'(4) FEDERAL
'Federal research security risk'
means the risk posed by malign state actors
and other persons to the security and integ-
rity of research and development conducted
using research and development funds award-
(1) FEDERAL SCIENCE AGENCY.—The term
"Federal science agency" means any Federal
department or agency to which more than
$100,000,000 in basic and applied research and
development funds were appropriated for the
previous fiscal year.
(2) RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.
"research and
development' means all research activities,
both basic and applied, and all development
ment" means experimental development.
"(A) IN GENERAL.-
-Not later than 1 year
after the date on which the Secretary deliv-
ers each report required under paragraph (1),
the President shall deliver to majority and
minority leaders of the Senate, the Speaker
and minority leader of the House of Rep-
Security and Governmental Affairs
Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity of the House of Representatives a na-
strategy designed to address the risks identi-
'(B) ELEMENTS.—Each strategy delivered
under subparagraph (A) shall-
"(i) identify, assess, and prioritize areas of
critical infrastructure that would
functions impacting national security, eco-
nomic security, or public health and safety;
"(ii) assess the implementation of the pre-
vious national critical infrastructure resil-
ience strategy, as applicable;
"(iii) identify and outline current and pro-
posed national-level actions, programs, and
efforts to be taken to address the risks iden-
"(iv) identify the Federal departments or
agencies responsible for leading each na-
tional-level action, program, or effort and
the relevant critical infrastructure sectors
creative and systematic work, drawing upon
knowledge gained from research and prac-
(1) Is alrectea towara the production oi new
products or processes or improving existing
products or processes; and
(ii) like research, will result in gaining ad-
-The term "research"-
(i) means a systematic study directed to-
standing of the subject studied; and
(il) includes activities involving the train-
ing of individuals in research techniques if
(I) utilize the same facilities as other re-
search and development activities; and
(II) are not included in the
SEC. 4493. FEDERAL RESEARCH SECURITY COUN-
United States Code, is amended by adding at
the end the following:
"CHAPTER 79—FEDERAL RESEARCH
any person with authorized access to any
United States Government resource, includ-
search, equipment, networks, or systems.
'(6) INSIDER THREAT.—The term 'insider
threat' means the threat that an insider will
use his or her authorized access (wittingly or
unwittingly) to harm the national and eco-
nomic security of the United States or nega-
tively affect the integrity of a Federal agen-
cy's normal processes, including damaging
the United States through espionage, sabo-
tage, terrorism, unauthorized disclosure of
national security information or
information, a destructive act (which may
include physical harm to
workplace), or through the loss or degrada-
tion of departmental resources, capabilities,
'(7) RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.-
'(A) IN GENERAL.—The term 'research and
development' means all research activities,
both basic and applied, and all development
'(B) DEVELOPMENT.—The term 'develop-
ment' means experimental development.
term 'experimental development' means cre-
knowledge gained from research and prac-
tical experience, which-
"(i) is directed toward the production of
new products or processes or improving ex-
isting products or processes; and
'(ii) like research, will result in gaining
Federal Research Security Council es-
tablishment and membership.
''7903. Functions and authorities.
'7904. Strategic plan.
'7906. Requirements for Executive agencies.
"§ 7901. Definitions
"In this chapter:
'(1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
necessary to successfully execute the strat-
"(C) FORM.—Each strategy delivered under
subparagraph (A) shall be unclassified, but
may contain a classified annex.
CONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING.—Not later
President delivers the first strategy required
under paragraph (2)(A), and every year there-
after, the Secretary, in coordination with
brief the appropriate congressional commit-
'(A) the national risk management cycle
activities undertaken pursuant to the strat-
'(B) the amounts and timeline for funding
that the Secretary has determined would be
necessary to address risks and successfully
execute the full range of activities proposed
by the strategy.".
MENT.—The table of contents in section 1(b)
of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public
Law 107-296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-
serting after the item relating to section 2217
'(A) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate;
Science, and Transportation of the Senate;
'(C) the Select Committee on Intelligence
Committee on Foreign Relations
"(E) the Committee on Armed Services of
'(F) the Committee on Health,
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate;
"(G) the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives;
'(H) the Committee on Homeland Security
of the House of Representatives;
"(I) the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce of the House of Representatives;
"(J) the Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence of the House of Representatives;
'(K) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of
the House of Representatives;
"(L) the Committee on Armed Services of
the House of Representatives; and
Labor of the House of Representatives.
'(i) means a systematic study directed to-
ward fuller scientific
knowledge or under-
standing of the subject studied; and
individuals in research tech-
niques if such activities-
'(I) utilize the same facilities as other re-
search and development activities; and
'II are not included in the instruction
"(8) UNITED STATES RESEARCH COMMUNITY.—
'United States research commu-
'(A) research and development centers of
''(B) private research and development cen-
ters in the United States, including for profit
and nonprofit research institutes;
'(C) research and development centers at
institutions of higher education (as defined
in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act
'(D) research and development centers of
tribes, and municipalities;
'(E) government-owned, contractor-oper-
ated United States Government research and
'(F) any person conducting federally fund-
or receiving Federal research
"§ 7902. Federal Research Security Council
establishment and membership
'(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established,
in the Office of Management and Budget, a

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 1140, "chars": 8367, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
shall develop federally funded research and
development grant making policy and man-
agement guidance
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
'(b) MEMBERSHIP.—
"(1) IN GENERAL.—The following
shall be represented on the Council:
"(A) The Office of Management and Budg-
"(B) The Office of Science and Technology
(C) The Department of Defens
(D) The Department of Homeland Secu
'(E) The Office of the Director of National
'(F) The Department of Justice.
"(G) The Department of Energy.
'(H) The Department of Commerce.
'(I) The Department of Health and Human
"(J) The Department of State.
"(K) The Department of Transportation.
"(L) The National Aeronautics and Space
'(M) The National Science Foundation.
"(N) The Department of Education
'(O) The Small Business Administration.
"(P) The Council of Inspectors General on
Integrity and Dificiency.
'(Q) Other Executive agencies, as
mined by the Chairperson of the Council.
'(2) LEAD REPRESENTATIVES.-
'(A) DESIGNATION.—Not later than 45 days
after the date of the enactment of the Safe-
guarding American Innovation Act, the head
of each agency represented on the Council
shall designate a representative of that agen-
cy as the lead representative of the agency
on the Council.
"(B) FUNCTIONS.—The lead representative
of an agency designated under subparagraph
(A) shall ensure that appropriate personnel,
including leadership and subject matter ex-
perts of the agency, are aware of the busi-
Federal agencies, through existing processes
and procedures, to enable those agencies to
scribed in this section.
APPLICATION PROCESS.The
term 'uniform application process' means a
cies to maximize the collection of informa-
tion regarding applicants and applications,
as determined by the Council.
'(b) IN GENERAL.—The Chairperson of the
Council shall consider the missions and re-
sponsibilities of Council members in deter-
the lead agencies for Council fune-
perform the fol-
'(1) Developing and implementing,
all Executive agencies that award research
and development grants, awards, and con-
grants in accordance with subsection (c).
"(2) Developing and implementing policies
and providing guidance to prevent malign
foreign interference from unduly influencing
the peer review process for federally funded
research and development.
'(3) Identifying or developing criteria for
sharing among Executive agencies and with
law enforcement and other agencies, as ap-
propriate, information regarding individuals
policies related to research security.
"(4) Identifying an appropriate Executive
ent programs on United States national se-
curity and economic interests.
'(8) Providing guidance to Executive agen-
cies regarding
appropriate application
consequences for violations of disclosure re-
'(9) Developing and implementing a cross-
agency policy and providing guidance related
to the use of digital persistent identifiers for
working on, any Federal research grant with
the goal to enhance transparency and secu-
rity, while reducing administrative
for researchers and research institutions.
'(10) Engaging with the United States re-
search community in conjunction with the
and the National Academies
and Security Roundtable
under section 1746 of the National Defense
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Pub-
lic Law 116-92; 42 U.S.C. 6601
forming the functions described in para-
graphs (1), (2), and (3) and with
issues relating to Federal research security
'(11) Carrying out such other functions,
consistent with Federal law,
essary to reduce Federal research
submitted by Executive agencies and non-
Federal entities based on the process estab-
lished pursuant to paragraph (1); and
'(B) to facilitate the sharing of informa-
tion received under subparagraph (A) to sup-
port, consistent with Federal law-
'(i) the oversight of federally funded re-
'(1) DESIGNATION.—Not later than 45 days
after the date of the enactment of the Safe-
guarding American Innovation Act, the Di-
of the Office of Management and
Budget shall designate a senior level official
from the Office of Management and Budget
to serve as the Chairperson of the Council.
perform functions that include
'(A) subject to subsection (d), developing a
schedule for meetings of the Council;
represented on the Council under subsection
"(C) in consultation with the lead rep-
as tiny
'(D) not later than 7 days after completion
of the charter, submitting the charter to the
appropriate congressional committees.
"(3) LEAD SCIENCE
-The Director
of the Office of Science and Technology Pol-
icy shall designate a senior level official to
be the lead science advisor to the Council for
purposes of this chapter.
'(4) LEAD SECURITY ADVISOR.—The Director
of the National Counterintelligence and Se-
curity Center shall designate a senior level
ligence and Security Center to be the lead
security advisor to the Council for purposes
MEETINGS.—The Council shall meet
not later than 60 days after the date of the
enactment of the Safeguarding American In-
novation Act and not less frequently than
68 7903. Functions and authorities
'(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
misappropriated
Federal funds,
'(iii) counterintelligence investigations.
'(5) Identifying, as appropriate, Executive
agencies to provide-
'(A) shared services, such as support for
conducting Federal research security risk as-
activities to mitigate such risks,
and oversight and investigations with re-
spect to grants awarded by Executive agen-
'(B) common contract solutions to support
the verification of the identities of persons
in federally funded research
'(6) Identifying and issuing guidance, in
accordance with subsection (e) and in coordi-
Task Force established by Executive Order
13587 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note) for expanding the
scope of Executive agency insider threat pro-
search and development from exploitation,
compromise, or other unauthorized disclo-
sure, taking into account risk levels and the
distinct needs, missions, and systems of each
"(7) Identifying and issuing guidance for
grams for Executive agencies to ensure that
and development grant recipients
accurately report conflicts of interest and
conflicts of commitment in accordance with
subsection (c)(1). Such programs shall in-
clude an assessment of-
"(A) a grantee's
talent programs with for-
eign funding institutions or laboratories; and
"(B) the impact of such support and affili-
ations, appointments, or participation in tal-
uniform application process for Federal re-
development grants required
under subsection (b)(1), the Council shall—
'(1) ensure that the process-
'(A) requires principal investigators, co-
principal investigators, and key personnel
associated with the proposed Federal
search or development grant project-
'(i) to disclose biographical information,
all affiliations, including any foreign mili-
tary, foreign government-related organiza-
tions, and foreign-funded institutions,
all current and pending support, including
from foreign institutions,
foreign govern-
ments, or foreign laboratories,
port received from foreign sources; and
"(ii) to certify the accuracy of the required
disclosures under penalty of perjury; and
'(B) uses a machine-readable application
form to assist in identifying fraud and ensur-
ing the eligibility of applicants;
'(A) to reduce the administrative burden
on persons applying for Federal research and
development funding; and
across the United States research commu-
nity, while safeguarding sensitive informa-
'(3) complete the process not later than 1
year after the date of the enactment of the
Safeguarding American Innovation Act.
'(d) REQUIREMENTS FOR INFORMATION SHAR-
ING CRITERIA.—In identifying or developing
criteria and procedures for sharing informa-
tion with respect to Federal research secu-
rity risks under subsection (b)(3), the Coun-
cil shall ensure that such criteria address, at
"(1) the information to be shared;
'(2) the circumstances under which shar-
ing is mandated or voluntary;
"(3) the circumstances under which it is
appropriate for an Executive agency to rely
on information made available through such
sharing in exercising the responsibilities and
authorities of the agency under applicable
laws relating to the award of grants;
"(4) the procedures for protecting intellec-
tual capital that may be present in such in-
appropriate privacy
protections for
persons involved in Federal research and de-

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 1079, "chars": 7858, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"(e) REQUIREMENTS FOR INSIDER
PROGRAM GUIDANCE.-
oping guidance with respect to insider threat
programs under subsection (b)(6), the Council
shall ensure that such guidance provides for,
"(1) such programs-
"(A) to deter, detect, and mitigate insider
'(B) to leverage counterintelligence, secu-
rity, information assurance, and other rel-
evant functions and resources to identify and
counter insider threats; and
"(2) the development of an integrated capa-
bility to monitor and audit information for
threats, including through-
'(A) monitoring user activity on computer
networks controlled by Executive agencies;
agencies with awareness training with re-
spect to insider threats and the responsibil-
ities of employees to report such threats;
'(C) gathering information for a
ized analysis, reporting, and response capa-
"(D) information sharing to aid in tracking
the risk individuals may pose while moving
across programs and affiliations;
"(3) the development and implementation
of policies and procedures under which the
insider threat program of an Executive agen-
cy accesses, shares, and integrates informa-
tion and data derived from offices within the
agency and shares insider threat information
with the executive agency research sponsors;
'(4) the designation of senior officials with
authority to provide management, account-
and oversight of the insider threat
program of an Executive agency and to make
priate officials; and
"(5) such additional guidance as is nec-
essary to reflect the distinct needs, missions,
and systems of each Executive agency.
"(f ISSUANCE OF WARNINGS RELATING TO
NATIONAL SCIENTIFIC COOPERATION.—
'(1) IN GENERAL.
—The Council, in conjunc-
with the lead security advisor des-
ignated under section 7902(c)(4), shall estab-
lish a process for informing members of the
United States research community and the
public, through the issuance of warnings de-
scribed in paragraph (2), of potential risks
entific cooperation that may undermine the
integrity and security of the United States
research community or place at risk any fed-
erally funded research and development.
'(2) CONTENT.—A warning described in this
Council considers appropriate, a description
'(A) activities by the national
tions, or universities of a foreign country-
'(i) to exploit, interfere, or undermine re-
search and development by the United States
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD—SENATE
provide quarterly reports to the Director of SEC. 1494.
the Office of Management and Budget and
Director of the Office
of Science and
Technology Policy that detail—
'(1) the number of ongoing investigations
by Council Members related to Federal re-
search security that may result, or have re-
sulted, in agency pre-notice letters, suspen-
sions, proposed debarments, and debarments;
November 4, 2021
FEDERAL GRANT APPLICATION
compliance with
interagency suspensions
'(3) efforts by the Interagency Suspension
and Debarment Committee to mitigate Fed-
eral research security risk;
"(4) proposals for developing a unified Fed-
eral policy on suspensions and debarments;
"(5) other current suspension and debar-
PROVISION.—Nothing in this
section may be construed—
'(1) to alter or diminish the authority of
"(2) to alter any procedural requirements
or remedies that were in place before the
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 47 of title 18,
United States Code, is amended by adding at
"$ 1041. Federal grant application fraud
"(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
'(1) FEDERAL AGENCY.—The term 'Federal
agency' has the meaning given
'agency' in section 551 of title 5, United
'(2) FEDERAL GRANT.—The term 'Federal
'(A) means a grant awarded by a Federal
'(B) includes a subgrant awarded by a non-
Federal entity to carry out a Federal grant
'(i) direct United States Government cash
'(ii) a subsidy;
"(v) insurance.
'Federal grant application' means an
application for a Federal grant.
COMPENSATION.—The term
'foreign compensation' means a title, mone-
tary compensation, access to a laboratory or
"Not later than November 15 of each year,
the Chairperson of the Council shall submit
a report to the appropriate congressional
committees that describes the activities
the Council during the preceding fiscal year.
"§ 7905. Requirements for Executive agencies
"(a) IN GENERAL.-
-The head of each Execu-
tive agency on the Council shall be respon-
risks posed by persons participating in feder-
ally funded research and development;
'(2) avoiding or mitigating such risks, as
appropriate and consistent with the stand-
ards, guidelines, requirements, and practices
'(B) a foreign government institution; or
''(C) a foreign public enterprise.
'(5) FOREIGN GOVERNMENT.
-The term 'for-
eign government' includes a person acting or
purporting to act on behalf of-
'(A) a faction, party, department, agency,
administrative
or military of a foreign country; or
'(B) a foreign government or a person pur-
porting to act as a foreign
gardless of whether the United States recog-
"(6) FOREIGN GOVERNMENT INSTITUTION.—
means a foreign entity owned by, subject to
the control of, or subject to regulation by a
'(3) prioritizing Federal research security
risk assessments conducted under paragraph
(1) based on the applicability and relevance
of the research and development to the na-
and economic competitive-
ness of the United States; and
that initiatives impacting
Federally funded research grant making pol-
icy and management to protect the national
United States are integrated with the activi-
-The responsibility of the
Federal research security risk described in
subsection (a) includes-
'(1) developing an overall Federal research
security risk management strategy and im-
plementation plan and policies and processes
Federal research secu-
rity risk management activities by the Exec-
'(2) integrating Federal research
risk management practices throughout the
lifecycle of the grant programs of the Execu-
'(B) efforts by strategic competitors to ex-
country that may place at risk—
"(i) the science and technology of that for-
"(ii) federally funded research and develop-
'(C) practices within the research
prise of a foreign country that do not adhere
transparency,
rity, and merit-based competition.
-To reduce Fed-
eral research security risk, the Interagency
Suspension and Debarment Committee shall
other Executive agencies, as determined ap-
the Council in a manner con-
sistent with section 7903; and
reporting on the
effectiveness of the
Federal research security risk management
strategy of the Executive agency consistent
with guidance issued by the Office of Man-
chapters at the beginning of title 31, United
States Code, is amended by inserting after
the item relating to chapter 77 the following:
"79. Federal Research Security Coun-
term 'foreign public enterprise' means an en-
terprise over which a foreign government di-
rectly or indirectly exercises a dominant in-
'(8) LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY.—The term
"(A) means a Federal, State, local, or Trib-
al law enforcement agency; and
Office of Inspector General of an
establishment (as defined in section 12 of the
Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.))
or a designated Federal entity (as defined in
section 8G(a) of the Inspector General Act of
1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)); and
"(ii) the Office of Inspector General, or
similar office, of a State or unit of local gov-
OUTSIDE COMPENSATION.—The
pensation, resource, or support (regardless of
monetary value) made available to the appli-
or related to,
search endeavor, including a title, research
stitutional award, access to a laboratory, or
other resource, including
materials, travel
compensation, or work incentives.
'(b) PROHIBITION.—It shall be unlawful for
any individual to knowingly-
"(1) prepare or submit a Federal grant ap-
plication that fails to disclose the receipt of
any outside compensation, including foreign
compensation, by the individual;

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 1254, "chars": 8704, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
"(2) forge, counterfeit, or otherwise falsify
a document for the purpose of obtaining a
Federal grant; or
"(3) prepare, submit, or assist in the prepa-
ration or submission of a Federal grant ap-
plication or document in connection with a
Federal grant application that-
'(A) contains a false statement;
contains a material misrepresenta-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(e), the Secretary of State, in coordination
with the Director of National Intelligence,
the Director of the Office
Technology Policy, the Secretary of Home-
land Security, the Secretary of Defense,
Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Com-
and the heads of other appropriate
'(C) has no basis in law or fact; or
'(D) fails to disclose a material fact.
the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-
the Committee on Foreign Relations of
the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-
the Committee on the Judiciary of the
House of Representatives, the Committee on
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives, and the Committee on Oversight and
Reform of the House of Representatives that
(1) any criteria, if relevant used to describe
the aliens to which the grounds of inadmis-
'(1) carried out in connection with a law-
fully authorized investigative, protective, or
'(A) a law enforcement agency; or
'(B) a Federal intelligence agency; or
"(2) authorized under chapter 224.
"(d) PENALTY.—Any individual who vio-
'(1) shall be fined in accordance with this
imprisoned for not more than 5 years,
'(2) shall be prohibited from receiving a
Federal grant during the 5-year period begin-
ning on the date on which a sentence is im-
individual under paragraph
(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The
for chapter 47 of title 18, United States Code,
is amended by adding at the end the fol-
'1041. Federal grant application fraud.".
SEC. 4495. RESTRICTING THE ACQUISITION OF
EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES BY CER-
(a) GROUNDS OF INADMISSIBILITY.—The Sec-
retary of State may determine that an alien
is inadmissible if the Secretary determines
alien is seeking to enter the United
States to knowingly acquire
tional security interests of the United States
by benefitting an adversarial foreign govern-
ment's security or strategic capabilities.
an alien is inadmissible under subsection (a),
the Secretary of State shall-
(1) take account of information and anal-
yses relevant to implementing subsection (a)
from the Office of the Director of National
Intelligence, the Department of Health and
Human Services, the Department of Defense,
the Department of Homeland Security, the
the Department of
Commerce, and
appropriate Federal
(2) take account of the continual expert as-
sessments of evolving sensitive or emerging
foreign adversaries
account of relevant information
concerning the foreign person's employment
or collaboration,
(A) foreign military and security
United States;
(B) foreign institutions involved in the
theft of United States research;
(C) entities involved in export control vio-
lations or the theft of intellectual property;
(D) a government that seeks to undermine
of the United
States research community; or
associations or collaborations
that pose a national security threat based on
intelligence assessments; and
(4) weigh the proportionality of risks and
the factors listed in paragraphs (1) through
(C) REPORTING REQUIREMENT.—Not later
than 180 days after the date of the enactment
and semi-annually thereafter
until the sunset date set forth in subsection
the number of individuals determined
to be inadmissible under subsection (a), in-
vidual and the reasons for each determina-
tion of inadmissibility; and
(3) the number of days from the date of the
consular interview until a final decision is
issued for each application for a visa consid-
ered under this section, listed by applicants'
country of citizenship and relevant con-
(d) CLASSIFICATION OF REPORT.—Each re-
port required under subsection (c) shall be
submitted, to the extent practicable, in an
unclassified form, but may be accompanied
(e) SUNSET.—This section shall cease to be
effective on the date that is 2 years after the
date of the enactment of this Act.
MACHINE READABLE VISA DOCU-
(2) identifies the sections of a visa applica-
tion that are machine-readable and the sec-
tions that are not machine-readable;
(3) provides cost estimates, including per-
sonnel costs and a cost-benefit analysis for
technologies, including
optical character recognition, for—
(A) making every element of a visa appli-
cation, and documents submitted in support
of a visa application, machine-readable; and
(B) ensuring that such system
personally-identifiable
(ii) permits the sharing of visa information
with Federal agencies in accordance with ex-
(4) includes an estimated timeline for com-
pleting the implementation of subsection (a).
SEC. 4497. CERTIFICATIONS REGARDING ACCESS
NOLOGY IN EDUCATIONAL AND CUL-
TURAL EXCHANGE PROGRAMS.
Section 102(b)(5) of the Mutual Educational
and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C.
2452(b)(5)) is amended to read as follows:
"(5) promoting and supporting medical,
scientific, cultural, and educational research
and development by developing
programs for foreign researchers
entists, while protecting technologies regu-
export control laws important
the national security and economic interests
of the United States, by requiring-
'(A) the sponsor to certify to the Depart-
ment of State that the sponsor, after review-
Controls Act of 2018 (50 U.S.C. 4811 et seq.)
and the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C.
2751 et seq.), has determined that-
'(i) a license is not required from the De-
partment of Commerce or the Department of
State to release such technology or technical
data to the exchange visitor; or
"(ii)(I) a license is required from the De-
partment of Commerce or the Department of
State to release such technology or technical
data to the exchange visitor; and
"(II) the sponsor will prevent access to the
controlled technology or technical data by
the exchange visitor until the sponsor-
'(aa) has received the required license or
other authorization to release it to the vis-
'(bb) has provided a copy of such license or
authorization to the Department of State;
'(B) if the sponsor maintains export con-
later than 1 year after the date of the enact-
the Secretary of State
(1) use a machine-readable visa application
(2) make available documents submitted in
support of a visa application in a machine
readable format to assist in—
(B) conducting lawful law enforcement ac-
(C) determining the eligibility of appli-
cants for a visa under the Immigration and
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.).
-The Secretary of State may
waive the requirement under subsection (a)
by providing to Congress, not later than 30
days before such waiver takes effect-
(1) a detailed explanation for why the waiv-
er is being issued; and
(2) a timeframe for the implementation of
the requirement under subsection (a).
Not later than 45 days after
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-
retary of state shall submit a report to the
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs of the Senate, the Com-
mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-
the Select Committee
on Intelligence of the Senate, the Committee
on Foreign Relations of the senate; the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform of the House
of Representatives, the Committee on Home-
land Security of the House of Representa-
merce of the House of Representatives,
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence
of the House of Representatives,
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House
of Representatives that
ments provided by a visa applicant in sup-
port of a visa application
are stored and
shared by the Department of State with au-
State the sponsor's plan to prevent unau-
thorized export or transfer of any controlled
items, materials, information, or technology
at the sponsor organization or entities asso-
ciated with a sponsor's administration of the
SEC. 4498. PRIVACY AND CONFIDENTIALITY.
Nothing in this subtitle may be construed
as affecting the rights and requirements pro-
vided in section 552a of title 5, United States
Code (commonly known as the 'Privacy Act
of 1974"') or subchapter III of chapter 35 of
States Code (commonly
known as the 'Confidential Information Pro-
and Statistical Efficiency
SA 4293. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 1043, "chars": 7567, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title X, add the following:
Subtitle H-Safeguarding American
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Safe-
guarding American Innovation Act'.
"Federal science agency" means any Federal
$100,000,000 in basic and applied research and
development funds were appropriated for the
(2) RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.
development" means all research activities,
both basic and applied, and all development
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
"(K) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of 87902. Federal Research Security Council
the House of Representatives;
establishment and membership
"(L) the Committee on Armed Services of
the House of Representatives; and
in the Office of Management and Budget,
Federal Research Security
Labor of the House of Representatives.
shall develop federally funded research and
development grant making policy and man-
the Federal Research Security Council es-
agement guidance to protect the national
tablished under section 7902(a).
'(3) EXECUTIVE AGENCY.
meaning given
term in section 105 of title 5.
'(4) FEDERAL RESEARCH SECURITY
'Federal research
security risk'
means the risk posed by malign state actors
and other persons to the security and integ-
and development conducted
using research and development funds award-
ment" means experimental development.
creative and systematic work, drawing upon
knowledge gained from research and prac-
(1) is directed toward the production of new
products or processes or improving existing
products or processes; and
(ii) like research, will result in gaining ad-
(D) RESEARCH.
—The term 'research".
(i) means a systematic study directed to-
standing of the subject studied; and
(ii) includes activities involving the train-
ing of individuals in research techniques if
(I) utilize the same facilities as other re-
search and development activities; and
(II) are not included in the instruction
SEC. 1073. FEDERAL RESEARCH SECURITY COUN-
GENERAL.—Subtitle V of title 31,
United States Code, is amended by adding at
"CHAPTER 79—FEDERAL RESEARCH
SECURITY COUNCIL
'7902. Federal Research Security Council es-
tablishment and membership.
''7903. Functions and authorities.
'7904. Strategic plan.
'7906. Requirements for Executive agencies.
person with authorized access to any
United States Government resource, includ-
search, equipment, networks, or systems.
'(6) INSIDER THREAT.—The term
threat' means the threat that an insider will
use his or her authorized access (wittingly or
unwittingly) to harm the national and eco-
nomic security of the United States or nega-
tively affect the integrity of a Federal agen-
the United States through espionage, sabo-
terrorism, unauthorized disclosure
national security information or nonpublic
a destructive act (which may
include physical harm to another in the
workplace), or through the loss or degrada-
tion of departmental resources, capabilities,
'(7) RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.—
'(A) IN GENERAL.—The term 'research and
development' means all research activities,
both basic and applied, and all development
DEVELOPMENT.—The term 'develop-
ment' means experimental development.
term 'experimental development' means cre-
ative and systematic work,
drawing upon
knowledge gained from research and prac-
"(i) is directed toward the production of
new products or processes or improving ex-
isting products or processes; and
"(ii) like research, will result in gaining
additional knowledge.
'(D) RESEARCH.—The term 'research'
'(i) means a systematic study directed to-
ward fuller scientific knowledge or under-
standing of the subject studied; and
shall be represented on the Council:
'(A) The Office of Management and Budg-
'(B) The Office of Science and Technology
'(C) The Department of Defense
'(D) The Department of Homeland Secu-
'(E) The Office of the Director of National
'(F) The Department of Justice.
'(G) The Department of Energy.
'(H) The Department of Commerce.
'(I) The Department of Health and Human
'(J) The Department of State.
"(K) The Department of Transportation.
'(L) The National Aeronautics and Space
Administration.
'(M) The National Science Foundation.
'(N) The Department of Education.
'(O) The Small Business Administration.
'(P) The Council of Inspectors General on
'(Q) Other Executive agencies, as deter-
mined by the Chairperson of the Council.
'(2) LEAD REPRESENTATIVES.-
after the date of the enactment of the Safe-
guarding American Innovation Act, the head
of each agency represented on the Council
shall designate a representative of that agen-
cy as the lead representative of the agency
'(B) FUNCTIONS.—The lead representative
of an agency designated under subparagraph
that appropriate personnel,
including leadership and subject matter ex-
perts of the agency, are aware of the busi-
niques if such activities-
'(I) utilize the same facilities as other re-
search and development activities; and
"(II) are not included in the
'(1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
TEES.—The term 'appropriate congressional
'(8) UNITED STATES RESEARCH COMMUNITY.—
'United States research commu-
'(A) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate;
"(A) research and development centers of
Science, and Transportation of the Senate;
'(C) the Select Committee on Intelligence
'(B) private research and development cen-
ters in the United States, including for profit
"(D) the Committee on Foreign Relations
and nonprofit research institutes;
and development centers at
'(E) the Committee on Armed Services of
institutions of higher education (as defined
in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act
"(F) the Committee on Health, Education, of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)));
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate;
'(D) research and development centers of
'(G) the Committee on Oversight and Re- States,
form of the House of Representatives;
tribes, and municipalities;
'(H) the Committee on Homeland Security
'E government-owned,
of the House of Representatives;
contractor-oper-
ated United States Government research and
"(I) the Committee on Energy and Com- development centers; and
merce of the House of Representatives;
'(F) any person conducting federally fund-
'(J) the Permanent Select Committee on
receiving Federal research
Intelligence of the House of Representatives;
"(1) DESIGNATION.—Not later than 45 days
after the date of the enactment of the Safe-
guarding American Innovation Act, the Di-
rector of the Office of Management and
Budget shall designate a senior level official
from the Office of Management and Budget
to serve as the Chairperson of the Council.
Chairperson shall
perform functions that include-
"(A) subject to subsection (d), developing a
schedule for meetings of the Council;
'(B) designating Executive agencies to be
represented on the Council under subsection
'(C) in consultation with the lead rep-
the Council, developing a charter for
'(D) not later than 7 days after completion
of the charter, submitting the charter to the
appropriate congressional committees.
"(3) LEAD SCIENCE ADVISOR.
of the Office of Science and Technology Pol-
icy shall designate a senior level official to
be the lead science advisor to the Council for
purposes of this chapter.
'(4) LEAD SECURITY ADVISOR.—The Director
of the National Counterintelligence and Se-
curity Center shall designate a senior level
the National
ligence and Security Center to be the lead
security advisor to the Council for purposes
MEETINGS.—The Council shall meet
not later than 60 days after the date of the

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 1105, "chars": 8198, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
enactment of the Safeguarding American In- participation in talent programs with for-
novation Act and not less frequently
eign funding institutions or laboratories; and
quarterly thereafter.
"(B) the impact of such support and affili-
"§ 7903. Functions and authorities
ations, appointments, or participation in tal-
'(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
ent programs on United States national se-
curity and economic interests.
"(8) Providing guidance to Executive agen-
Federal agencies, through existing processes
and procedures, to enable those agencies to
put in place and enforce the measures de-
cies regarding
consequences for violations of disclosure re-
UNIFORM APPLICATION PROCESS.—The
term 'uniform application process' means a
cies to maximize the collection of informa-
tion regarding applicants and applications,
as determined by the Council.
"(b) IN GENERAL.—The Chairperson of the
Council shall consider the missions and re-
sponsibilities of Council members in
the lead agencies for Council func-
shall perform
"(1) Developing and implementing, across
all Executive agencies that award research
and development grants, awards, and con-
grants in accordance with subsection (C).
'(2) Developing and implementing policies
foreign interference from unduly influencing
the peer review process for federally funded
sharing among Executive agencies and with
law enforcement and other agencies,
propriate, information regarding individuals
disclosure policies and other
policies related to research security.
"(4) Identifying an appropriate Executive
submitted by
agencies and non-
Federal entities based on the process estab-
lished pursuant to paragraph (1); and
"(B) to facilitate
the sharing of informa-
tion received under subparagraph (A) to sup-
port, consistent with Federal law-
'(i) the oversight of federally funded re-
search and development;
'(ii) criminal and civil investigations of
misappropriated
'(iii) counterintelligence investigations.
'(5) Identifying, as appropriate, Executive
'(A) shared services, such as support for
conducting Federal research security risk as-
sessments, activities to mitigate such risks,
spect to grants awarded by Executive agen-
'(B) common contract solutions to support
the verification of the identities of persons
Identifying and issuing guidance,
accordance with subsection (e) and in coordi-
Task Force established by Executive Order
13587 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note) for expanding the
scope of Executive agency insider threat pro-
or other unauthorized disclo-
sure, taking into account risk levels and the
distinct needs, missions, and systems of each
"(7) Identifying and issuing guidance for
grams for Executive agencies to ensure that
development grant
accurately report conflicts of interest and
conflicts of commitment in accordance with
clude an assessment of-
'(9) Developing and implementing a cross-
agency policy and providing guidance related
to the use of digital persistent identifiers for
working on, any Federal research grant with
the goal to enhance transparency and secu-
while reducing administrative burden
for researchers and research institutions.
'(10) Engaging with the United States re-
community in conjunction with the
Science and Technology Council
and the National Academies Science, Tech-
and Security Roundtable
under section 1746 of the National Defense
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Pub-
lic Law 116-92; 42 U.S.C.
6601 note) in per-
forming the functions described in para-
graphs (1), (2), and (3) and with respect
issues relating to Federal research security
'(11) Carrying out such other functions,
consistent with Federal law,
essary to reduce Federal research
'(C) REQUIREMENTS FOR UNIFORM GRANT
uniform application process for Federal re-
under subsection (b)(1), the Council shall—
"(1) ensure that the process-
'(A) requires principal investigators, co-
principal investigators, and key personnel
associated with the
proposed Federal
search or development grant project—
'(i) to disclose biographical information,
all affiliations,
including any foreign mili-
tary, foreign government-related organiza-
and foreign-funded institutions,
all current and pending support, including
from foreign institutions,
ments, or foreign laboratories, and all sup-
port received from foreign sources; and
'(ii) to certify the accuracy of the required
disclosures under penalty of perjury; and
'(B) uses a machine-readable application
form to assist in identifying fraud and ensur-
ing the eligibility of applicants;
"(2) design the process-
"(A) to reduce the administrative burden
on persons applying for Federal research and
development funding; and
the United States research commu-
nity, while safeguarding sensitive informa-
"(3) complete the process not later than 1
year after the date of the enactment of the
Safeguarding American Innovation Act.
'(d) REQUIREMENTS FOR INFORMATION SHAR-
ING CRITERIA.—In identifying or developing
criteria and procedures for sharing informa-
tion with respect to Federal research secu-
rity risks under subsection (b)(3), the
cil shall ensure that such criteria address, at
'(1) the information to be shared;
"(2) the circumstances
ing is mandated or voluntary;
appropriate for an Executive agency to rely
on information made available through such
sharing in exercising the responsibilities and
laws relating to the award of grants;
'(4) the procedures for protecting intellec-
tual capital that may be present in such in-
persons involved in Federal research and de-
oping guidance with respect to insider threat
programs under subsection (b)(6), the Council
Shall ensure that such guidance provides for,
"(A) to deter, detect, and mitigate insider
'(B) to leverage counterintelligence, secu-
rity, information assurance, and other rel-
evant functions and resources to identify and
counter insider threats; and
'(2) the development of an integrated capa-
bility to monitor and audit information for
threats, including through
'(A) monitoring user activity on computer
networks controlled by Executive agencies;
of Executive
agencies with awareness training with re-
spect to insider threats and the responsibil-
ities of employees to report such threats;
'(C) gathering information for a central-
reporting, and response capa-
'(D) information sharing to aid in tracking
the risk individuals may pose while moving
across programs and affiliations;
'(3) the development and implementation
of policies and procedures under which the
insider threat program of an Executive agen-
cy accesses, shares, and integrates informa-
tion and data derived from offices within the
agency and shares insider threat information
with the executive agency research sponsors;
'(4) the designation of senior officials with
authority to provide management.
ability, and oversight of the insider threat
program of an Executive agency and to make
recommendations
priate officials; and
"(5) such additional guidance as is nec-
essary to reflect the distinct needs, missions,
and systems of each Executive agency.
"(f) ISSUANCE OF WARNINGS
NATIONAL SCIENTIFIC COOPERATION.—
'(1) IN GENERAL.—The Council, in conjunc-
ignated under section 7902(c)(4), shall estab-
lish a process for informing members of the
United States research community and the
public, through the issuance of warnings de-
scribed in paragraph (2), of potential risks
entific cooperation that may undermine the
integrity and security of the United States
research community or place at risk any fed-
erally funded research and development.
'(2) CONTENT.—A warning described in this
Council considers appropriate, a description
'(A) activities by the national
tions, or universities of a foreign country—
'(i) to exploit, interfere, or undermine re-
search and development by the United States
misappropriate scientific knowl-
federally funded re-
'(B) efforts by strategic competitors to ex-
enterprise of a foreign
country that may place at risk-
"(i) the science and technology of that for-
'(ii) federally funded research and develop-
'(C) practices within the research
prise of a foreign country that do not adhere
transparency,
rity, and merit-based competition.

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 1043, "chars": 7603, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(g) EXCLUSION ORDERS.—To reduce Fed- "79. Federal Research Security Coun-
eral research security risk, the Interagency
Suspension and Debarment Committee shall
FEDERAL GRANT APPLICATION
provide quarterly reports to the Director of
the Office of Management and Budget and
Director of the
of Science and
Technology Policy that detail—
'(1) the number of ongoing investigations
by Council Members related to Federal re-
search security that may result, or have re-
sulted, in agency pre-notice letters, suspen-
sions, proposed debarments, and debarments;
November 4, 2021
'(2) forge, counterfeit, or otherwise falsify
a document for the purpose of obtaining a
Federal grant; or
'(3) prepare, submit, or assist in the prepa-
or submission of a Federal grant ap-
plication or document in connection with a
Federal grant application that-
"(A) contains a false statement;
contains a material misrepresenta-
'(C) has no basis in law or fact; or
'(D) fails to disclose a material fact.
United States Code, is amended by adding at
"§ 1041. Federal grant application fraud
"(a) DEFINITIONS.-In this section:
'(1) FEDERAL AGENCY.—The term 'Federal
'agency' in section 551 of
title 5, United
'(2) FEDERAL GRANT.—The term 'Federal
"(A) means a grant awarded by a Federal
"(B) includes a subgrant awarded by a non-
Federal entity to carry out a
Federal grant
'(3) efforts by the Interagency Suspension
and Debarment Committee to mitigate Fed-
'(4) proposals for developing a unified Fed-
eral policy on suspensions and debarments;
'(5) other current suspension and debar-
'(h) SAVINGS PROVISION.—Nothing in this
'(1) to alter or diminish the authority of
any Federal agency; or
"(2) to alter any procedural requirements
date of the enactment of the Safeguarding
"§ 7904. Annual report
"Not later than November 15 of each year,
the Chairperson of the Council shall submit
committees that describes the activities of
the Council during the preceding fiscal year.
"§ 7905. Requirements for Executive agencies
tive agency on the Council shall be respon-
"(i) direct United States Government cash
assistance to an individual;
'(iv) a loan guarantee; or
'(1) carried out in connection with a law-
fully authorized investigative, protective, or
'(A) a law enforcement agency; or
'(B) a Federal intelligence agency; or
'(2) authorized under chapter 224.
PENALTY.—Any individual who vio-
"(1) shall be fined in accordance with this
imprisoned for not more than 5 years,
'(2) shall be prohibited from receiving a
Federal grant during the 5-year period begin-
ning on the date on which a sentence is im-
risks posed by persons participating in feder-
ally funded research and development;
"(2) avoiding or mitigating such risks,
and consistent with the stand-
ards, guidelines, requirements, and practices
term 'Federal grant
application' means an
application for a Federal grant.
'foreign compensation' means a title, mone-
tary compensation, access to a laboratory or
or other benefit received
"(A) a foreign government;
'(B) a foreign government institution; or
'(C) a foreign public enterprise.
eign government' includes a person acting or
purporting to act on behalf of-
party, department, agency,
or military of a foreign country; or
"(B) a foreign government or a person pur-
porting to act as a foreign government, re-
gardless of whether the United States recog-
(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The analysis
for chapter 47 of title 18, United States Code,
'(3) prioritizing Federal research security
risk assessments conducted under paragraph
(1) based on the applicability and relevance
of the research and development to the na-
tional security and economic competitive-
ness of the United States; and
that initiatives impacting
Federally funded research grant making pol-
icy and management to protect the national
United States are integrated with the activi-
ties of the Council.
-The responsibility of the
foreign government institution
means a foreign entity owned by, subject to
the control of, or subject to regulation by a
foreign government.
ENTERPRISE.—The
term 'foreign public enterprise' means an en-
terprise over which a foreign government di-
rectly or indirectly exercises a dominant in-
"(8) LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY.—The term
"(A) means a Federal,
State, local, or Trib-
al law enforcement agency; and
'(i) the Office of Inspector General of an
establishment (as defined in section 12 of the
Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.))
or a designated Federal entity (as defined in
section 8G(a) of the Inspector General Act of
''1041. Federal grant application fraud.".
SEC. 1075. RESTRICTING THE ACQUISITION OF
EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES BY CER-
(a) GROUNDS OF INADMISSIBILITY.-
retary of State may determine that an alien
is inadmissible if the Secretary determines
such alien is seeking to enter the United
knowingly acquire sensitive
technologies to
tional security interests of the United States
by benefitting an adversarial foreign govern-
ment's security or strategic capabilities.
(b) RELEVANT FACTORS.—To determine if
an alien is inadmissible under subsection (a),
the Secretary of State shall-
(1) take account of information and anal-
yses relevant to implementing subsection (a)
from the Office of the Director of National
the Department of Health and
Human Services, the Department of Defense,
the Department of Homeland
Department of Energy, the Department of
Commerce, and other appropriate Federal
(2) take account of the continual expert as-
sessments of evolving sensitive or emerging
that foreign adversaries
(3) take account of relevant information
concerning the foreign person's employment
collaboration,
subsection (a) includes—
"(1) developing an overall Federal research
security risk management strategy and im-
plementation plan and policies and processes
to guide and govern Federal research secu-
rity risk management activities by the Exec-
'(2) integrating Federal research security
risk management practices throughout the
lifecycle of the grant programs of the Execu-
similar office, of a State or unit of local gov-
other Executive agencies, as determined ap-
propriate by the Council in a manner con-
sistent with section 7903; and
"(4) reporting on the effectiveness of the
Federal research security risk management
strategy of the Executive agency consistent
with guidance issued by the Office of Man-
agement and Budget and the Council."
chapters at the beginning of title 31, United
States Code, is amended by inserting after
the item relating to chapter 77 the following:
compensation'
pensation, resource, or support (regardless of
monetary value) made available to the appli-
search endeavor, including a title, research
cooperative agreement,
stitutional award, access to a laboratory, or
compensation, or work incentives.
any individual to knowingly-
'(1) prepare or submit a Federal grant ap-
plication that fails to disclose the receipt of
any outside compensation, including foreign
compensation, by the individual;
United States;
institutions involved in the
theft of United States research;
(C) entities involved in export control vio-
lations or the theft of intellectual property;
(D) a government that seeks to undermine
of the United
States research community; or
(E) other associations or collaborations
that pose a national security threat based on
intelligence assessments; and
(4) weigh the proportionality of risks and
the factors listed in paragraphs (1) through
(C) REPORTING REQUIREMENT.—Not later
than 180 days after the date of the enactment
and semi-annually thereafter
until the sunset date set forth in subsection

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 1250, "chars": 8275, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(e), the Secretary of State, in coordination
with the Director of National Intelligence,
Director of the Office
of Science and
land Security, the Secretary of Defense,
Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Com-
and the heads of other appropriate
the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-
the Committee on Foreign Relations of
the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-
the Committee on the Judiciary of the
House of Representatives, the Committee on
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives, and the Committee on Oversight and
Reform of the House of Representatives that
(1) any criteria, if relevant used to describe
the aliens to which the grounds of inadmis-
described in subsection (a)
(2) the number of individuals determined
to be inadmissible under subsection (a), in-
vidual and the reasons for each determina-
tion of inadmissibility; and
(3) the number of days from the date of the
consular interview until a final decision is
issued for each application for a visa consid-
ered under this section, listed by applicants'
of citizenship and relevant con-
(d) CLASSIFICATION OF REPORT.—Each re-
port required under subsection (c) shall be
submitted, to the extent practicable, in an
unclassified form, but may be accompanied
(e) SUNSET.—This section shall cease to be
effective on the date that is 2 years after the
date of the enactment of this Act.
MACHINE READABLE VISA DOCU-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(2) identifies the sections of a visa applica-
tion that are machine-readable and the sec-
tions that are not machine-readable;
(3) provides cost estimates, including per-
sonnel costs and a cost-benefit analysis for
different technologies,
optical character recognition, for-
(A) making every element of a visa appli-
cation, and documents submitted in support
of a visa application, machine-readable; and
(B) ensuring that such system-
personally-identifiable infor-
(ii) permits the sharing of visa information
with Federal agencies in accordance with ex-
(4) includes an estimated timeline for com-
pleting the implementation of subsection (a).
SEC. 1077. CERTIFICATIONS REGARDING ACCESS
NOLOGY IN EDUCATIONAL AND CUL-
TURAL EXCHANGE PROGRAMS.
Section 102(b)(5) of the Mutual Educational
and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C.
2452(b)(5)) is amended to read as follows:
"(5) promoting and supporting medical,
scientific, cultural, and educational research
foreign researchers and sci-
entists, while protecting technologies regu-
the national security and economic interests
of the United States, by requiring-
'(A) the sponsor to certify to the Depart-
ment of State that the sponsor, after review-
Controls Act of 2018 (50 U.S.C. 4811 et seq.)
and the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C.
2751 et seq.), has determined that-
"(i) a license is not required from the De-
partment of Commerce or the Department of
State to release such technology or technical
data to the exchange visitor; or
"(ii)(I) a license
is required from the De-
partment of Commerce or the Department of
State to release such technology or technical
data to the exchange visitor; and
'(II) the sponsor will prevent access to the
controlled technology or technica data by
the exchange visitor until the sponsor-
'(aa) has received the required license or
other authorization to release it to the vis-
'(bb) has provided a copy of such license or
authorization to the Department of State;
'(B) if the sponsor maintains export con-
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year,
for other purposes;
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the
SEC. 376. REPORT ON DISEASE PREVENTION FOR
MILITARY WORKING DOGS.
Not later than 180 days after the date of
the enactment of this Act, the head of the
Veterinary Services shall submit to
Congress a report containing the findings of
an updated study on the potential introduc-
tion of foreign animal diseases and current
prevention protocol and strategies to protect
the health of military working dogs.
an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R.
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year,
and for other purposes;
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the
SEC. 376. STUDY ON CHEMICAL, BIOLOGICAL,
FOR MILITARY WORKING DOGS.
(a) STUDY.—The head of the Army Veteri-
nary Services shall conduct a study on the
impacts of chemical, biological, and radio-
logical exposure on military working dogs
and current prevention protocol, protective
equipment, and strategies of the Department
of Defense to protect the health of military
-Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act,
head of the Army Veterinary Services shall
submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-
resentatives a report containing the findings
of the study conducted under subsection (a).
later than 1 year after the date of the enact-
Act, the Secretary of State
(1) use a machine-readable visa application
(2) make available documents submitted in
support of a visa application in a machine
readable format to assist in-
(B) conducting lawful law enforcement ac-
(C) determining the eligibility of appli-
cants for a visa under the Immigration and
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.).
The Secretary of State may
waive the requirement under subsection (a)
by providing to Congress, not later than 30
days before such waiver takes effect-
(1) a detailed explanation for why the waiv-
er is being issued; and
(2) a timeframe for the implementation of
the requirement under subsection (a).
Not later than 45 days after
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-
retary of state shall submit a report to the
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs of the Senate,
mittee on Commerce, Science,
on Intelligence of the Senate, the Committee
on Foreign Relations of the Senate; the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform of the House
of Representatives, the Committee on Home-
land Security of the House of Representa-
tives, the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce of the House of Representatives, the
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence
House of Representatives,
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House
State the sponsor's plan to prevent unau-
thorized export or transfer of any controlled
items, materials, information, or technology
at the sponsor organization or entities asso-
ciated with a sponsor's administration of the
SEC. 1078. PRIVACY AND CONFIDENTIALITY.
Nothing in this subtitle may be construed
as affecting the rights and requirements pro-
vided in section 552a of title 5, United States
Code (commonly known as the 'Privacy Act
of 1974"') or subchapter III of chapter 35 of
known as the 'Confidential Information Pro-
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, ada
SEC. 1283. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-
SPECT TO FOREIGN PERSONS WHO
ments provided by a visa applicant in sup-
a visa application
are stored and
shared by the Department of State with au-
SA 4294. Mr.
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
2022 for military activities of the De-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
FINDINGS.—Congress finds the fol-
(1) When public officials and their allies
use the mechanisms of government to engage
in extortion or bribery, they impoverish the
economic health of their country and harm
(2) By empowering the United States Gov-
ernment to hold to account foreign public of-
ficials and their associates who engage in ex-

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 1153, "chars": 7840, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7854
deter malfeasance and ultimately serve the
citizens of fragile countries
corrupt bureaucracies.
(3) The 2016 report by the Special Inspector
General for Afghan Reconstruction entitled,
'Corruption in Conflict: Lessons from the
Experience in Afghanistan" included
against foreign government offi-
cials or their associates who engage in cor-
(b) AUTHORIZATION OF IMPOSITION OF SANC-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
ders as are necessary to carry out this sub- fusal of visas or permits to enter the United
APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
TEES DEFINED.—In this subsection, the term
"appropriate congressional
(A) the Committee on the Judiciary, the
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban
Affairs, and the Committee on Foreign Rela-
(B) the Committee on the Judiciary, the
Committee on Financial Services, and the
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House
APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
TEES DEFINED.—In this subsection,
(A) the Committee on Appropriations, the
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-
fairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of
the Senate; and
(B) the Committee on Appropriations,
mittee on Financial Services, and the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-
the sanctions described in paragraph (2) with
respect to any foreign person who is an indi-
vidual that the President determines.
(A) engages in public corruption activities
against a United States person, including—
(i) soliciting or accepting bribes;
(ii) using the authority of the state to ex-
(iii) engaging in extortion; or
and materially assists, sponsors, or provides
significant financial,
logical support for, any of the activities de-
scribed in subparagraph (A).
(A) INADMISSIBILITY TO UNITED STATES.—A
-The President shall sub-
mit to the appropriate congressional com-
mittees, in accordance with paragraph (2), a
(A) a list of each foreign person with re-
spect to whom the President imposed sanc-
tions pursuant to subsection (b)(1) during the
year preceding the submission of the report;
(B) the number of foreign persons with re-
spect to whom the President imposed sanc-
(C) the number of foreign persons with re-
sanctions under subsection (b)(4) during that
(D) the dates on which such sanctions were
imposed or terminated, as the case may be;
(1) IN GENERAL.—The authority to impose
sanctions under subsection (b) and the re-
section (c) shall terminate on the date that
is 6 years after the date of the enactment of
(2) CONTINUATION IN EFFECT OF SANCTIONS.—
Sanctions imposed under subsection (b) on or
the date specified in
paragraph (1),
and in effect as of such date, shall remain in
effect until terminated in
the requirements of subsection (b)(4).
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
"entity" means a
ture, corporation, group, subgroup, or other
(i) inadmissible to the United States;
(ii) ineligible to receive a visa or other doc-
umentation to enter the United States; and
(iii) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or
paroled into the United States or to receive
any other benefit under the Immigration and
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.).
(B) CURRENT VISAS REVOKED.—
(i) IN GENERAL.—The visa or other entry
subject to sanctions under this section shall
be revoked regardless of when such visa or
other entry documentation is issued.
(ii) EFFECT OF REVOCATION.—A revocation
under clause (i) shall-
(I) take effect immediately; and
(II) automatically cancel any
visa or entry documentation that is in the
possession of the foreign person.
(3) EXCEPTION TO COMPLY
FORCEMENT OBJECTIVES AND AGREEMENT RE-
GARDING HEADQUARTERS OF UNITED NATIONS.—
Sanctions described under
paragraph (2)
shall not apply to a foreign person if admit-
ting the person into the United states-
(A) would further important law enforce-
(F) the total number of foreign persons
with respect to whom such sanctions may
have been imposed but were not imposed pur-
suant to subsection (b)(3); and
(G) recommendations as to whether the
imposition of additional sanctions would be
an added deterrent in preventing public cor-
person" means a person that is not a United
'United States person" means a person that
is a United States citizen, permanent resi-
dent alien, entity organized under the laws
within the United States (including foreign
submit the initial report under paragraph (1)
not later than 120 days after the date of the
(4) PERSON.—The term "person" means an
(5) PUBLIC CORRUPTION.—The term "public
corruption" means the unlawful exercise of
entrusted public power for private gain, in-
cluding by bribery, nepotism,
garding the Headquarters of the United Na-
tions, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947,
and entered into force November 21, 1947, be-
the United Nations and the United
States, or other applicable international ob-
ligations of the United States.
(4) TERMINATION OF SANCTIONS.—The Presi-
dent may terminate the application of sanc-
tions under this subsection with respect to a
foreign person if the President determines
and reports to the appropriate congressional
committees not later than 15 days before the
termination of the sanctions that—
(A) the person is no longer engaged in the
activity that was the basis for the sanctions
or has taken significant verifiable steps to-
ward stopping the activity;
(B) the President has received reliable as-
surances that the person will not knowingly
engage in activity subject to sanctions under
this subsection in the future; or
(C) the termination of the sanctions is in
the national security interests of the United
(5) REGULATORY AUTHORITY.—The President
shall issue such regulations, licenses, and or-
shall submit a subsequent report under para-
graph (1) on December 10, or the first day
thereafter on which both Houses of Congress
calendar year in which the initial
report is submitted if the initial report is
submitted before December 10 of that cal-
(ii) each calendar year thereafter.
(3) FORM OF REPORT.
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassi-
form, but may include a
(B) EXCEPTION.—The name of a foreign per-
son to be included in the list required by
paragraph (1)(A) may be submitted in
classified annex authorized by subparagraph
(i) determines that it is vital for the na-
tional security interests of the United States
(ii) uses the annex in a manner consistent
with congressional intent and the purposes
of this section.
The unclassified portion
of the report required by paragraph (1) shall
be made available to the public, including
through publication in the Federal Register.
(B) NONAPPLICABILITY OF CONFIDENTIALITY
RECORDS.—The President shall publish the
list required by paragraph (1)(A) without re-
gard to the requirements of section 222(f) of
Nationality Act (8
U.S.C. 1202(f)) with respect to confidentiality
of records pertaining to the issuance or re-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 46
United States Code, is amended by adding at
"§ 988. Accounting of certain forfeited prop-
ACCOUNTING.—The Attorney
available to the public an ac-
counting of any property relating to foreign
the United States under section 981 or 982.
-The accounting
under subsection (a) shall be published on
the website of the Department of Justice in
a format that includes the following:
'(1) A heading as follows:
'Assets stolen
by the United States', the blank space being
filled with the name of the foreign govern-
ment that is the target of corruption.
'(2) The total amount recovered by
United States on behalf of the foreign people
that is the target of corruption at the time
when such recovered funds are deposited into
the Department of Justice Asset Forfeiture
Department of the Treasury
Forfeiture Fund.
General shall update the website of the De-
partment of Justice to include an accounting
of any new property relating to foreign gov-
ernment corruption that has been forfeited
to the United States under section 981 or 982

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 1182, "chars": 8011, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
not later than 14 days after such forfeiture,
unless such update would compromise an on-
going law enforcement investigation."
AMENDMENT.—The table of
States Code, is amended by adding at the end
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that recovered assets be returned
for the benefit of the people harmed by the
corruption under conditions that reasonably
ensure the transparent and effective use, ad-
BLUMENTHAL (for
himself and Ms. KLOBUCHAR) submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations
for fiscal year 2022 for
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND DE-
PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS
JOINT REPORT ON CONSTRUCTION
OF NEW NATIONAL CEMETERY AND
LINGTON NATIONAL CEMETERY.
(a) REPORT.—Not later than one year after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to Con-
gress a report that includes-
(1) a proposal for the construction of a new
(A) capable of providing full military hon-
(B) administered by the Department of
(2) the assessment of the Secretary of De-
respect to any revisions that
should be made to the revised criteria for in-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
SUPPORT FOR NATIONALS OF AF-
GHANISTAN WHO ARE APPLICANTS
FOR SPECIAL IMMIGRANT VISAS OR
FOR REFERRAL
STATES REFUGEE ADMISSIONS PRO-
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that the United States should in-
crease support for nationals of Afghanistan
who aided the United States mission in Af-
ghanistan during the past 20 years and are
now under threat from the Taliban, specifi-
cally such nationals of Afghanistan, in Af-
ghanistan or third countries, who are appli-
(1) special immigrant visas
ghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C.
1101 note; Public Law 111-8) or section 1059 of
the National Defense Authorization Act for
Fiscal Year 2006 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note; Public
(2) referral to the United States Refugee
Admissions Program as refugees (as defined
in section 101(a)(42) of the Immigration and
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(42))), includ-
ing as Priority 2 refugees.
(b) SUPPORT FOR NATIONALS OF AFGHANI-
-The Secretary of State, in coordina-
tion with the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity and the heads of other relevant Federal
departments and agencies, shall-
(1) prioritize for evacuation from Afghani-
stan nationals of Afghanistan described in
(2) facilitate the rapid departure from Af-
ghanistan of such nationals of Afghanistan
by air charter and land passage;
(3) provide letters of support, diplomatic
priate, to ease transit for such nationals of
(4) engage governments of relevant coun-
tries to better facilitate evacuation of such
nationals of Afghanistan;
(5) disseminate frequent updates to such
of Afghanistan and relevant non-
governmental organizations with respect to
evacuation from Afghanistan;
(6) identify or establish sufficient locations
nationals of Afghanistan during application
processing; and
(7) increase capacity to better support such
of Afghanistan and reduce
application processing times, while ensuring
strict and necessary security vetting, includ-
ing, to the extent practicable, by allowing
such nationals of Afghanistan to receive re-
ferrals to the United States Refugee Admis-
sions Program while they are still in Afghan-
istan so as to initiate application processing
on efforts to support nationals of Afghani-
stan described in subsection (a).
ELEMENTS.—Each
paragraph (1) shall include the following:
stan referred to the United States Refugee
Program as Priority 1 and Pri-
ority 2 refugees since August 29, 2021.
(B) An assessment of whether each such
(i) remains in Afghanistan; or
stan who have applied for referral to the
United States Refugee Program, the number
(iii) are pending adjudication.
(D) The number of nationals of Afghani-
stan who have pending applications for spe-
cial immigrant visas described in subsection
(a)(1), disaggregated by the special immi-
grant visa processing steps completed with
(E) A description of the measures taken to
implement the strategy under subsection (c).
Each report required by para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may include a classified annex.
(e) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS
DEFINED.—In this section, the term "appro-
priate committees of Congress" means-
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations,
the Committee on the Judiciary, the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-
mental Affairs; and the Committee on Armed
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the
Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee
on Homeland Security, and the Committee
Services of the House of Rep-
an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year, and
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-
Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law
115-232; 38 U.S.C. 2402 note) to ensure such
recognize exceptional service and
(b) LIMITATION ON REVISIONS TO CRITERIA.—
The Secretary of Defense may not make any
revisions to the revised internment criteria
described in paragraph (2) of subsection (a)
until the Secretary has submitted the report
required under such subsection.
BLUMENTHAL (for
himself and Ms.
ERNST) submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, insert
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days
aiter the date oi the enactment of this Act
the Secretary of State, in coordination with
the Secretary of Homeland Security and the
heads of other relevant Federal departments
and agencies, shall submit to the appropriate
committees of Congress a strategy for
processing abroad of nationals of
ghanistan described in subsection (a).
paragraph (1) shall include steps to be taken
United States Government to fulfill
each requirement under subsection (b).
graph (1) shall be submitted in
form, but may include a classified annex.
after the date of the enactment of this Act
and monthly thereafter until December 31,
2022, the Secretary of State, in coordination
and the heads of other relevant Federal de-
partments and agencies, shall submit to the
appropriate committees of Congress a report
Section 1385 of title 18, United States Code,
(1) by striking 'Whoever' and inserting
"(a) Whoever';
Force" and inserting "an Armed Force under
the jurisdiction of the Secretary of a mili-
tary department (as those terms are defined
in section 101 of title 10)'; and
(3) by adding at the end the following:
'(b) Notwithstanding any other provision
of law, any evidence obtained by or with the
assistance of a member of the Armed Forces
in violation of subsection (a) shall not be re-
ceived in evidence in any trial, hearing, or
grand jury, department, officer, agency, reg-
other authority of the United States,
State, or a political subdivision thereof.".
4300. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 1111, "chars": 7588, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au- Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
2022 for military activities of the De-
propriations
for fiscal year 2022 for
partment of Defense, for military con-
military activities of the Department
struction, and for defense activities of
of Defense, for military construction,
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
and for defense activities of the De-
military personnel strengths for such
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
fiscal year, and for
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
which was ordered to lie on the table;
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the
At the appropriate place in title VI, insert
SEC. 596. REQUIREMENT OF CONSENT OF THE
_ ACQUISITION STRATEGY TO MOD
ERNIZE THE JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER
-Not later than 14 days
after the date on which the budget of the
President for fiscal year 2023 is submitted to
Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31.
United States Code,
the Under Secretary of
Acquisition and Sustainment
committees a report on the modernization of
the F135 propulsion system or the integra-
tion of the Adaptive Engine Transition Pro-
Strike Fighter (JSF).
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required under
subsection (a) shall include the following:
(1) A cost benefit analysis of-
(A) integrating the Adaptive Engine Tran-
sition Program propulsion system into each
of the JSF aircraft variants;
(B) modernizing or upgrading the existing
F135 propulsion system on each of the JSF
November 4, 2021
a license under the first section of the Act
entitled "An Act relating to the landing and
operation of submarine cables in the United
States", approved May 27, 1921 (47 U.S.C. 34)
(commonly known as the 'Cable Landing Li-
TELECOM.—The
Commission, the Department of Defense, the
Department of Homeland Security,
Department of Justice, as described in the
Report and Order of the Federal Communica-
tions Commission issued on October 1, 2020
"Process Reform
Branch Review of Certain FCC Applications
and Petitions Involving Foreign Ownership'.
"transport capacity" —
bility that does not predominantly serve end
users or the last mile of the transmission
States Code, is amended by inserting 'and
performed inside the United States with the
consent of the chief executive officer of the
State (as that term is defined in section 901
of this title)" after 'Defense".
SA 4301. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for
year, and
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, ada
SEC. 844. PILOT PROGRAM ON DEFENSE INNOVA-
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 180
days after the date of enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of Defense, in coordination
with the Under Secretary of Defense for Re-
search and Engineering, the Secretary of the
Air Force, Secretary of the Army, and the
Secretary of the Navy,
fense innovation open topic activities
the Small Business Innovation Research Pro-
gram in order to-
(1) increase the transition of commercial
technology to the Department of Defense;
tional defense industrial base;
commercialization derived
small-disadvantaged
businesses, minority-owned businesses, and
disabled veteran-owned businesses; and
(5) expand the ability for qualifying small
businesses to propose technology solutions
(b) FREQUENCY.—The Department of De-
fense and the military services shall conduct
not less than one open topic announcement
(C) BRIEFING.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of teh enactment of this Act,
Secretary of Defense shall provide the con-
gressional defense committees a briefing on
the establishment of the program required
by subsection (a).
(d) TERMINATION.—The pilot program au-
thorized in subsection (a) shall terminate on
sustainment costs of the modernized engine;
(D) cost savings associated with variant
and Partner commonality; and
(E) assess all activities and costs to ret-
rofit and sustain all JSF with a modernized
propulsion system.
(2) An implementation plan to implement
(3) A schedule annotating pertinent mile-
and yearly fiscal resource require-
ments for the implementation of a modern-
ized JSF propulsion system.
4303. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself
and Ms. HIrONO) submitted an amend-
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
• BROADBAND DEFENSE FUND.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) ADMINISTRATION.—The term
means the National Telecommuni-
cations Information Administration.
the Federal Communications
mile, or long-haul service used for transport
of broadband data between network loca-
tions other than end-user premises or de-
(b) BROADBAND DEFENSE FUND
year after the date on which amounts are
made available under paragraph (1), the Ad-
ministration shall establish
Defense Fund to provide
A) transport capacity in or to connect t
tates where the headquarters of the Unite
States Indo-Pacific Command are located;
(B) open access carrier neutral submarine
cable landing stations in States
headquarters of the United States Indo-Pa-
cific Command are located.
(2) AWARD OF SUPPORT.—The Administra-
amounts from the Broadband Defense Fund
section in accordance with the
(A) Support shall be awarded only for de-
transport broadband capacity, in locations
or on routes that are not supported or ex-
pected to be supported under any other of
the high-cost universal service support pro-
grams of the Federal Communications Com-
(B) The Administration shall establish cri-
teria for awarding support in a manner con-
this section, including
the broadband needs of the
States Indo-Pacific Command and the
rounding communities.
(3) OBLIGATIONS OF FUND RECIPIENTS.
ensure that each recipient of amounts from
the Broadband Defense Fund is legally, tech-
nically, and financially qualified to complete
the required broadband deployment within
(B) ACCESS.—Recipients of amounts from
himself and Ms. MURKOWSKI) submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
State of the United States and the District
(4) SUBMARINE CABLE LANDING
The term "submarine cable landing station"
means a cable landing station,
is used in section 1.767(a)(5) of title 47, Code
of Federal Regulations (or any successor reg-
ulation), that can be utilized to land a sub-
marine cable by an entity that has obtained
spots and transport capacity supported by
(i) on just, reasonable, affordable, and rea-
sonably non-discriminatory terms, as deter-
mined by rules issued by the Administration;
(ii) at rates no higher than the national av-
erage wholesale price of comparable whole-
sale telecommunications transport services,
as determined by the Administration.
(C) VENDER VETTING.—Any grant, subgrant,
or contract awarded using amounts from the
Broadband Defense Fund relating to
marine cable landing station or

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 1166, "chars": 7820, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
awarded to a vendor that has been vetted and
approved by Team Telecom.
(4) APPROPRIATIONS.—The Broadband De-
fense Fund shall consist of amounts appro-
priated to the Broadband Defense Fund by an
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
concerned as an integral part of the plan-
members of an advisory panel.
"(ii) PROHIBITION ON COMPENSATION OF FED-
Members of an advisory
panel who are full-time officers or employees
of the United States or Members of Congress
may not receive additional pay, allowances,
or benefits by reason of their service on an
SA 4304. Mr.
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, ada
ESTABLISHMENT.—For each military
department, the Secretary concerned shall
establish an advisory panel that, starting in
the first fiscal year beginning after the date
of the enactment of this section, and in each
recommend to the Secretary concerned for
designation under subsection (a) eligible pro-
grams based on the criteria described in sub-
shall be composed of four members appointed
by the Secretary concerned and one member
appointed by the chief of the relevant armed
force under the jurisdiction of the Secretary
MENTS.—The Secretary concerned shall ap-
point members to the advisory panel as fol-
DESIGNATING CERTAIN SBIR
PROGRAMS AS ENTREPRENEURIAL INNOVATION
States Code, is amended by inserting after
section 2359b the following new section:
"§ 2359c Entrepreneurial Innovation Project
'(a) IN GENERAL.—During the first fiscal
year beginning after the date of the enact-
ment of this section, and during each subse-
quent fiscal year, each Secretary concerned,
in consultation with the each chief of an
force under the jurisdiction of the
Secretary concerned, shall designate not less
neurial Innovation Projects.
designation as an Entrepreneurial
Innovation Project under this section shall
submit to the Secretary concerned an appli-
"(aa) have experience with private sector
entrepreneurial innovation, including devel-
opment and implementation of such innova-
tions into well established markets; and
"(bb) are not employed by the Federal Gov-
'(II) One member who is in the Senior Ex-
ecutive Service in the acquisition workforce
(as defined in section 1705 of this title) of the
relevant military department.
chief of an armed force under the jurisdic-
tion of the Secretary concerned shall appoint
to the advisory panel one member who is a
member of such armed forces.
'(i) PRIVATE SECTOR
MEMBERS.—Members
serve for a term of three years, except that
of the members first appointed-
'(I) one shall serve a term of one year;
'(II) one shall serve a term of two years;
'(III) one shall serve a term of three years.
Members described in clause (ii)(II) or (iii) of
two years, except that the first member ap-
serve for a term of one year.
-The chair for each advisory
panel shall be as follows:
"(i) For the first year of operation of each
thereafter, the member appointed under sub-
"(ii) For the second year of operation of
each such advisory panel, and every other
year thereafter, the member appointed under
retary concerned determines appropriate.
designations under subsection (a), the Sec-
retary concerned shall consider-
'(1) the potential of the eligible program
'(A) advance the national security capa-
bilities of the United States;
'(B) provide new technologies or processes,
or new applications of existing technologies,
that will enable new alternatives to existing
"(C) provide future cost savings;
ommended the eligible program for designa-
'(3) such other criteria that the Secretary
concerned determines to be appropriate.
'(1) FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM IN-
program, the Secretary of Defense shall in-
clude in the next future-years defense pro-
gram the estimated expenditures of such des-
ignated program. In the preceding sentence,
the term 'next future-years defense program'
means the future-years defense program sub-
mitted to Congress under section 221 of this
title after the date on which such designated
program is designated under subsection (a).
ignated program shall be included by the
Secretary concerned under a separate head-
ing in any programming proposals submitted
to the Secretary of Defense.
program shall be considered by the Secretary
panel shall be filled in the same manner as
the original appointment.
'(E) CONFLICT OF INTEREST.—Members and
staff of each advisory panel shall disclose to
the relevant Secretary
Secretary concerned shall mitigate to the
extent practicable, any professional or orga-
nizational conflict of interest of such mem-
bers or staff arising from service on the advi-
SELECTION.—Each
panel shall select not less than ten eligible
programs that have submitted an application
'(B) PROGRAM PLANS.
'(i) IN GENERAL.—Each eligible program se-
lected under subparagraph (A) may
to the advisory panel that selected such eli-
gible program a program plan containing the
five-year goals, execution plans, schedules,
and funding needs of such eligible program.
"(ii) SUPPORT.—Each Secretary
shall, to the greatest extent practicable, pro-
paragraph (A) with access to information to
plans described in clause (i).
panel shall recommend to the Secretary con-
cerned for designation under subsection (a)
not less than five eligible programs that sub-
mitted a program plan under subparagraph
(B) to such advisory panel. If there are less
than five such eligible programs, such advi-
sory panel may recommend to the Secretary
concerned for designation under subsection
(a) less than five such eligible programs.
'(4) ADMINISTRATIVE AND TECHNICAL
-The Secretary concerned shall pro-
vide the relevant advisory panel with such
administrative support, staff, and technical
assistance as the Secretary concerned deter-
mines necessary for such advisory panel to
-The Secretary of Defense
may use amounts available from the Depart-
ment of Defense Acquisition Workforce De-
velopment Account established under
tion 1705 of this title to support the activi-
'(6) INAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The Federal
Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App) shall
not apply to the advisory panels established
"(f REVOCATION OF DESIGNATION.-If the
Secretary concerned determines that a des-
ignated program cannot reasonably meet the
objectives of such designated program in the
relevant programming proposal
in subsection (d)(2) or such objectives are ir-
such Secretary concerned may re-
voke the designation.
'(g) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—The Secretary
of Defense shall submit to Congress an an-
nual report describing each designated pro-
gram and the progress each designated pro-
gram has made toward achieving the objec-
tives of the designated program.
'(h) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
'(1) ADVISORY PANEL.—The term 'advisory
panel' means an advisory panel established
'(2) DESIGNATED PROGRAM.—The term 'des-
ignated program' means an eligible program
neurial Innovation Project under this sec-
'(3) ELIGIBLE PROGRAM.—The term 'eligible
program' means work performed pursuant to
a Phase III agreement (as such term is de-
fined in section 9(r)(2) of the Small Business
members of an advisory panel, and the sup-
port staff of such members,
pensated at a rate determined reasonable by
the Secretary concerned and shall be reim-
in accordance with section 5703 of
title 5 for reasonable travel costs and ex-
title 10, United States Code,
is amended by
inserting after the item related to section
2359b the following new item:

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 1176, "chars": 8061, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'2359c. Entrepreneurial Innovation Project
designations.".
than 120 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, the Secretaries of each military
department shall establish the advisory pan-
els described in section
2359c(e) of title 10,
United States Code, as added by subsection
(1) TRANSFER AND REDESIGNATION.—Section
2359c of title 10, United States Code, as added
303 of such title, added after section 4066, as
1842(b) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2021 (Public Law 116-283), and redes-
ignated as section 4067.
(2) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS.—
(A) TARGET CHAPTER TABLE OF SECTIONS.—
of sections at the beginning of
chapter 303 of title 10, United States Code, as
added by section 1842(a) of the William M.
(Mac) Thornberry National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law
116-283), is amended by inserting after the
to section 4066 the following
designations.".
(B) ORIGIN CHAPTER
TABLE OF SECTIONS.—
The table of sections at the beginning of
chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, is
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(B) modernizing or upgrading the existing
F135 propulsion system on each of the JSF
(C) future associated
sustainment costs of the modernized engine;
(D) cost savings associated with variant
and Partner commonality; and
(E) assess all activities and costs to ret-
rofit and sustain all JSF with a modernized
propulsion system.
(2) An implementation plan to implement
(3) A schedule annotating pertinent mile-
resource require-
ments for the implementation of a modern-
ized JSF propulsion system.
SA 4306. Mr.
BLUMENTHAL sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year, and for
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the
SEC. 356. RESTRICTION ON PROCUREMENT OR
PURCHASING BY DEPARTMENT OF
DEFENSE OF CERTAIN ITEMS CON-
made by this subsection shall take effect on
(4) REFERENCES; SAVING PROVISION; RULE OF
-Sections 1883 through 1885 of
the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year
2021 (Public Law 116-283) shall apply with re-
spect to the amendments made under this
subsection as if such amendments were made
under title XVIII of such Act.
(a) PROHIBITION ON PROCUREMENT AND PUR-
-The Secretary of Defense may not
procure or purchase any covered item for use
in a child development center if such item
perfluoroalkyl substance or polyfluoroalkyl
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
and for other purposes;
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the appropriate place in title II, insert
• ACQUISITION STRATEGY TO MOD-
ERNIZE THE JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER
PROPULSION SYSTEM.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 14 days
after the date on which the budget of the
President for fiscal year 2023 is submitted to
Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31,
United States Code, the Under Secretary of
retary shall include the prohibition under
subsection (a) in any contracts to procure
covered items for use in child development
(2) NO REQUIREMENT FOR TESTING.—The Sec-
retary shall not have an obligation to test
covered items procured for use in child de-
velopment centers to confirm the absence of
perfluoroalkyl substances or polyfluoroalkyl
(C) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
COVERED ITEM.—The
term "covered
item" means
(A) nonstick cookware or cooking utensils
for use in kitchen or dining facilities;
upholstered furniture, carpets,
(C) food packaging materials;
(D) furniture or floor waxes;
(E) mattresses, nap mats or cots, and bed-
committees a report on the modernization of
the F135 propulsion system or the integra-
tion of the Adaptive Engine Transition Pro-
Strike Fighter (JSF).
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required under
subsection (a) shall include the following:
(1) A cost benefit analysis of-
(A) integrating the Adaptive Engine Tran-
sition Program propulsion system into each
of the JSF aircraft variants;
(2) PERFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCE.—The term
"perfluoroalkyl substance"
means a man-
made chemical of which all of the carbon
atoms are fully fluorinated carbon atoms.
term "polyfluoroalkyl substance"
man-made chemical containing at least one
fully fluorinated carbon atom and at least
one non-fully fluorinated carbon atom.
(d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section
take effect on the date that is one year after
the date of the enactment of this Act.
November 4, 2021
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add
SEC. 1224. MODIFICATION OF ESTABLISHMENT
ISIS MEMBERS AND RELEVANT DIS-
PLACED POPULATIONS IN SYRIA.
Section 1224 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public
Law 116-92; 133 Stat. 1642) is amended-
(a) by striking subsection (a);
(b) by amending subsection (b) to read as
"(a) DESIGNATION.-
'(1) IN GENERAL.—The President, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of Defense,
Secretary of State, the Director of National
Intelligence, the Secretary of the Treasury,
the Administrator of the United
for International Development, and
the Attorney General, shall designate an ex-
isting official to serve within the executive
branch as senior-level coordinator to coordi-
in conjunction with other relevant
agencies, all matters related to ISIS mem-
bers who are in the custody of the Syrian
Democratic Forces and other relevant dis-
placed populations in Syria, including
'(A) the long-term disposition of such indi-
viduals, including in all matters related to—
'(i) repatriation, transfer, prosecution, and
"(ii) all multilateral and international en-
gagements led by the Department of State
and other agencies that are related
current and future handling, detention, and
prosecution of such ISIS members, including
such engagements with the International
Criminal Police Organization; and
"(iii) the coordination of the provision of
technical and evidentiary assistance to for-
eign countries to aid in the successful pros-
ecution of such ISIS members,
priate, in accordance with international hu-
manitarian law and
other internationally
recognized human rights and rule of law
'(B) all multilateral and international en-
gagements related to humanitarian access
and provision of basic services to, and free-
dom of movement and security and safe re-
turn of, internally displaced persons and ref-
ugees at camps or facilities in Syria that
hold family members of such ISIS members;
on matters described in this section; and
'(D) any other matter the Secretary
'(2) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—If, on the date
enactment of the National
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022, an in-
sistent with the requirements and respon-
sibilities described in paragraph (1), the re-
quirements under that paragraph shall be
such individual until the date on which such
individual no longer serves as the Coordi-
section (b)" and inserting
"subsection (a)";
(d) by amending subsection (d) to read as
an amendment intended to be proposed
'(1) IN GENERAL.-
—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and not less frequently than once each year

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 1107, "chars": 7525, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
thereafter through January 31, 2024, the Co-
ordinator, in coordination with the relevant
shall submit to
committees of Congress a detailed report
'(A) A detailed description of the facilities
where detained ISIS members are being held,
including security and management of such
facilities and adherence to international hu-
manitarian law standards.
'(B) A description of all multilateral and
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
'(A) the Department of State;
'(B) the Department of Defense;
"(C) the Department of the Treasury;
'(D) the Department of Justice;
"(E) the United States Agency for Inter-
'(F) the Office of the Director of National
"(G) any other agency the President con-
through (f) as subsections (b) through (e), re-
S7859
(1) by striking "means, in the case" and in-
serting the following: "means-
'(1) in the case";
(2) by striking "of the coast of the United
the United States (determined in accordance
with international law)";
(3) by striking "and, in the case" and in-
serting the following: "; and
"the waters within four
leagues of the coast of the United States."
services to, and freedom of movement and
security and safe return of, internally dis-
placed persons and refugees at camps or fa-
cilities in Iraq, syria, and any other area at-
fected by ISIS activity, including a descrip-
Democratic Forces' to facilitate the return
of refugees from Iraq and Syria;
"(ii) repatriation efforts with respect to
displaced women and children;
threat to United States national security in-
terests posed by detained ISIS members, in-
cluding an analysis of the Al-Hol camp and
'(iv) United States Government plans and
strategies to respond to any threat identified
'(C) An analysis of all United States
and the outcomes of such efforts.
mation, the disclosure of which may violate
Department of Justice policy or law, relating
withheld from a report under this sub-
'(D) A detailed description of any option
to expedite prosecution of any detained ISIS
member, including in a court of competent
jurisdiction outside of the United States.
"(E) An analysis of factors on the ground
in Syria and Iraq that may result in the un-
intended release of detained ISIS members,
and an assessment of any measures available
"(F) A detailed description of efforts to co-
ordinate the disposition and security of de-
members with other countries
and international
organizations,
the International Criminal Police Organiza-
tion, to ensure secure chains of custody and
locations of such ISIS members.
'(G) An analysis of the manner in which
nicates on such proposals and efforts to the
families of United States citizens believed to
be a victim of a criminal act by a detained
'(H) An analysis of all efforts between the
United States and partner countries within
the Global Coalition to Defeat ISIS or other
to share intelligence or evidence
members, and any legal obstacles that may
'(I) Any other matter the Coordinator con-
siders appropriate.
'(2) FORM.—The report under paragraph (1)
shall be submitted in unclassified form,
may include a classified annex.
(e) in subsection (e), by striking
31, 2021" and inserting "January 31, 2024";
(1) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
'(2) COORDINATOR.—The term 'Coordinator'
means the individual designated under sub-
(3) by adding at the end the following new
SA 4308. Mrs. BLACKBURN (for her-
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the
SEC. 376. BRIEFING ON SPENDING RELATING TO
DIVERSITY, EQUITY, AND INCLUSION
Secretary of Defense (Comp-
troller), with the submission of the annual
budget of the Department of Defense sub-
mitted by the President under section 1105(a)
of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year
2023, shall brief the congressional defense
(1) all spending planned to implement guid-
ance or recommendations from the
force council of the Deputy Secretary of De-
the memorandum of the Deputy Secretary of
Defense dated March 11, 2021;
(2) all spending planned to implement guid-
tering Extremism Working Group of the De-
partment; and
(3) a financial accounting of planned ex-
penditures for the implementation of para-
(A) amounts requested for appropriation
for operation and maintenance for the De-
partment for full-time equivalent employees
for such implementation; and
(B) amounts requested for appropriation
for military personnel for the Department
for man hours of members
Forces for such implementation.
SA 4309. Mr. SCOTT of Florida (for
himself and Ms. SINEMA) submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for
such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
SEC. 1064. EXTENSION OF CUSTOMS WATERS OF
(a) TARIFF ACT OF 1930.—Section 401(j) of
'(4) RELEVANT AGENCIES.—The term 'rel- the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1401(j)) is
the territorial
of the United
to the limits permitted by inter-
national law in accordance with Presidential
Proclamation 5928 of December 27, 1988; and
'(B) the contiguous zone of the United
to the limits permitted by
national law in accordance with Presidential
Proclamation 7219 of September 2, 1999.''.
(b) ANTI-SMUGGLING ACT.—Section 401(c) of
the Anti-Smuggling Act (19 U.S.C. 1709(c)) is
(1) by striking "means, in the case" and in-
serting the following: 'means-
(2) by striking "of the coast of the United
and inserting "from the baselines of
the United States (determined in accordance
(3) by striking
"and, in the case" and in-
serting the following: '; and
leagues of the coast of the United States."
to the limits permitted by inter-
national law in accordance with Presidential
Proclamation 5928 of December 27, 1988; and
of the United
to the limits permitted by inter-
national law in accordance with Presidential
Proclamation 7219 of September 2, 1999."
made by this section shall take effect on the
day after the date of the enactment of this
SA 4310. Mr. BURR (for himself and
Mr. TILLIS) submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to amendment
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
4350, to authorize appropriations for
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy,
strengths for such fiscal year, and for
other purposes; which was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title X of divi-
• LUMBEE TRIBE OF NORTH CAROLINA
The Act of June 7, 1956 (70 Stat. 254, chap-
ter 375), is amended-
(2) in the first sentence of the first section,
by striking 'That the Indians" and inserting
"SEC. 3. DESIGNATION OF LUMBEE INDIANS.
(A) by inserting before the first undesig-
the undesignated
clauses as paragraphs (1) through (4), respec-
tively, and indenting appropriately;

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 1163, "chars": 7711, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(C) by striking 'Whereas" each place it ap-
(D) by striking "and" after the semicolon
at the end of each of paragraphs (1) and (2)
(E) in paragraph (4) (as so designated), by
": Now, therefore," and inserting a
(4) by moving the enacting clause so as to
appear before section 1 (as so designated);
(5) by striking the last sentence of section
3 (as designated by paragraph (2));
ignated by paragraph (2)) the following:
means the Secretary of the Interior.
"(2) TRIBE.—The term 'Tribe'
Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina
Lumbee Indians of North Carolina.'; and
(7) by adding at the end the following:
"SEC. 4. FEDERAL RECOGNITION.
'(a) IN GENERAL.—Federal recognition is
extended to the Tribe (as designated as peti-
tioner number 65 by the Office of Federal Ac-
'(b) APPLICABILITY OF LAWS.—All laws and
regulations of the United States of general
application to Indians and Indian tribes shall
apply to the Tribe and its members.
'(C) PETITION FOR ACKNOWLEDGMENT.—Not-
withstanding section 3, any group of Indians
in Robeson and adjoining
Carolina, whose members are not enrolled in
the Tribe (as determined under section 5(d))
may petition under part 83 of title 25 of the
Code of Federal Regulations for acknowledg-
ment of tribal existence.
"SEC. 5. ELIGIBILITY FOR FEDERAL SERVICES.
bers shall be eligible for all services and ben-
efits provided by the Federal Government to
federally recognized Indian tribes.
delivery of Federal services and benefits de-
scribed in subsection (a),
those members of
the Tribe residing in Robeson, Cumberland,
Hoke, and Scotland counties in North Caro-
lina shall be deemed to be residing on or near
an Indian reservation.
verification by the Secretary of a tribal roll
under subsection (d), the Secretary and the
Secretary of Health and Human
develop, in consultation with the
Tribe, a determination
of needs to provide
the services for which members of the Tribe
"(2) after the tribal roll is verified, each
submit to Congress a written statement of
'(1) IN GENERAL.—For purpose of the deliv-
ery of Federal services and benefits described
in subsection (a), the tribal roll in effect on
the date of enactment of this section shall,
subject to verification by the Secretary, de-
fine the service population of the Tribe.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(b) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN LAND.—An ap-
take into trust land located
under this section shall be treated by the
'on reservation' trust acqui-
sition under part 151 of title 25, Code of Fed-
eral Regulations (or a successor regulation).
"SEC. 7. JURISDICTION OF STATE OF NORTH
"(a) IN GENERAL.—With respect to land 1o-
the State of North Carolina
that is owned by,
or held in trust by the
United States for the benefit of, the Tribe, or
Tribe, the State of North Carolina shall exer-
criminal offenses that are com-
"(2) all civil actions that arise.
''(b) TRANSFER OF JURISDICTION.
the Secretary may accept on behalf of the
United States, after consulting with the At-
torney General of the United States, any
the United States of any portion of the juris-
diction of the State of North Carolina de-
scribed in subsection (a) over Indian country
occupied by the Tribe pursuant to an agree-
ment between the Tribe and the state of
North Carolina.
'(2) RESTRICTION.—A transfer of jurisdic-
tion described in paragraph (1) may not take
effect until 2 years after the effective date of
the agreement described in that paragraph.
fects the application of section 109 of the In-
dian Child Welfare Act of 1978 (25 U.S.C.
"SEC. 8. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.
"There are authorized to be appropriated
such sums as are necessary to carry out this
"SEC. 9. SHORT TITLE.
"This Act may be cited
as the 'Lumbee
Tribe of North Carolina Recognition Act'.".
SA 4311. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for her-
YoUNG, Mr.
Ms. KLOBUCHAR, Ms. ROSEN,
Mrs. FEINSTEIN, Mr. PETERS, Mr. KING,
BLUMENTHAL,
GILLIBRAND, Ms.
HIRONO, and Mrs. SHAHEEN) submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022 for
military activities of the Department
for military construction,
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, ada
SEC. 1216. AFGHANISTAN WAR COMMISSION ACT
November 4, 2021
(C) the Select Committee on Intelligence
(D) the Committee on Armed Services of
the House of Representatives;
the House of Representatives; and
(F) the Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence of the House of Representatives.
"intelligence community' has the meaning
given that term in section 3(4) of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)).
(C) ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION.-
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established
section referred to as the 'Commission").
(A) COMPOSITION.—The Commission shall
be composed of 12 members of whom-
(i) 1 shall be appointed by the Chairman of
the Committee on Armed
(ii) 1 shall be appointed by
member of the Committee on Armed
(iii) 1 shall be appointed by the Chairman
of the Committee on Armed Services of the
(iv) 1 shall be appointed by the ranking
member of the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices of the House of Representatives;
(v) 1 shall be appointed by the Chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the
(vi) 1 shall be appointed by the ranking
member of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
(vii) 1 shall be appointed by the Chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
(vill) 1 shall be appointed by the ranking
member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
of the House of Representatives;
(ix) 1 shall be appointed by the Chairman
of the Select Committee on Intelligence of
under paragraph (1) shall-
'(A) be limited to confirming documentary
criteria set out in
Tribe adopted on November 16, 2001; and
'(B) be completed not later than 2 years
after the submission of a digitized roll with
supporting documentary proof by the Tribe
to the Secretary.
"SEC. 6. AUTHORIZATION TO TAKE LAND INTO
GENERAL.—Notwithstanding
other provision of law, the Secretary is here-
by authorized to take land into trust for the
member of the Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the Senate.
(xi) 1 shall be appointed by the Chairman
of the Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence of the House of Representatives;
(xii) 1 shall be appointed by the ranking
member of the Permanent Select Committee
on Intelligence of the House of Representa-
(B) QUALIFICATIONS.—It is the sense of Con-
gress that each member of the Commission
appointed under subparagraph (A) should
have significant professional experience from
(i) the Department of Defense;
(ii) the Department of State;
(iii) the intelligence community;
(iv) the United States Agency
national Development; or
(v) a relevant academic or scholarly insti-
(C) PROHIBITIONS.—A member of the Com-
mission appointed under subparagraph (A)
cited as the "Afghanistan War Commission
(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) APPLICABLE PERIOD.—The term
(i) be a current member of Congress or a
former member of Congress who served in
Congress after January 3, 2001;
(ii) have served in military or civilian posi-
tions having significant operational or stra-
responsibilities
conducting United States Government ac-
Afghanistan during the applicable
June 1, 2001 and ending August 30, 2021.
TEES.—The term "appropriate congressional
have been a party
States or coalition defense contract during
(A) the Committee on Armed Services of
(B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
(D) DATE.—The appointments of the mem-
bers of the Commission shall be made not
later than 60 days after the date of enact-

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 1235, "chars": 8267, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(3) PERIOD OF APPOINTMENT; VACANCIES.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—A member of the Com-
mission shall be appointed for the life of the
(B) VACANCIES.—A vacancy in the Commis-
(i) shall not affect the powers of the Com-
(ii) shall be filled in the same manner as
(4) MEETINGS.-
(A) INITIAL MEETING.—Not later than 30
days after the date on which all members of
Commission shall hold the first meeting of
FREQUENCY.—The Commission
meet at the call of the Chairperson.
(C) QuORuM.—A majority of the members
but a lesser number of members
(5) CHAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON.—
The Commission shall select, by
majority
vote, a Chairperson
and a Vice
Chairperson from among the members of the
Commission who volunteer to perform such
roles.
(d) PURPOSE OF COMMISSION.— The purpose
of the Commission is to examine the war in
Afghanistan, create strategic and grand stra-
ommendations for the Government
United States and future policymakers and
decision makers in
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
S7861
(VI) the metrics used for measuring and re-
(ii) FURNISHING INFORMATION.—On request
porting progress towards strategic objectives of the Chairperson of the Commission,
and the extent to which such metrics were
head of the department or agency shall expe-
analytically effective or accurate.
ditiously furnish the information
(ii) A statement addressing
diplomatic, and intelligence interactions of
the United States with Pakistan during the
applicable period, including any interactions
(B) GENERAL SERVICES.—Upon the request
of the Commission,
General Services shall provide to the Com-
mission, on a reimbursable basis, the admin-
Government of Afghanistan or the Taliban.
istrative support services and office space
(iii) An examination of the participation in
necessary for the Commission to carry
the war in Afghanistan by member states of
its purposes and functions under this sec-
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
(iv) An examination of the long-term im-
pact of the war in Afghanistan on govern-
ment institutions in the United States.
(v) An examination of the authorities used
to conduct the war and an assessment of the
effectiveness of legislative actions taken to
conduct oversight of the war.
(vi) A description
of any other matters
cantly affected the conduct and the outcome
(vii) Recommendations for legislation and
administrative actions to address any short-
comings in the conduct of the war in Afghan-
istan identified by the Commission.
(i) ANNUAL REPORT.—Not later than 1 year
after the date of the initial meeting of the
Commission shall submit to the appropriate
congressional committees a report describ-
ing the progress of the Commission.
(ii) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than 4 years
after the date of the initial meeting of the
Commission, the Commission shall submit to
contains a detailed statement of the findings
and conclusions of the Commission, together
with the recommendations of the Commis-
(B) FORM.—The report required by subpara-
graph (A)(ii) shall be submitted and publicly
released on a Government website in unclas-
GENERAL.—The Commission shall
conduct a thorough study of all matters re-
lating to combat operations, reconstruction
and security force assistance activities, in-
telligence operations,
and diplomatic activi-
ties of the United States pertaining to the
(B) MATTERS STUDIED.—The matters stud-
ied by the Commission shall include-
(i) the activities and actions of the United
States in and related to Afghanistan imme-
diately prior to the attacks on September 11,
2001, and during the initial invasion of Af-
ghanistan by the United States;
(ii) the resurgence of the Taliban and other
combatants during the applicable period;
(iii) the efficacy of the various military
missions conducted by United States and co-
including train, advise, and
assist operations, security and stability op-
erations, and counter-narcotics and counter-
which such missions conflicted;
involving the
United States, the Islamic Republic of Af-
ghanistan, and the Taliban; and
withdrawal of the United States
military from Afghanistan.
(C) CONTENTS.—The study required
subparagraph (A) shall include the following
(i) An analysis of the political and stra-
tegic decisions that influenced—
(I) interactions of the Government of the
United States with the Government of Af-
(II) the strategic objectives of the war, in-
cluding how such objectives changed, during
the applicable period and the extent to which
such objectives furthered strategies by the
United States to terminate the war;
(III) the number of members of the Armed
Services in Afghanistan during the applica-
the command and control relation-
(V) the integration of military forces with
other instruments of United States national
every effort to ensure is classified at the low-
(C) SUBSEQUENT REPORTS ON DECLASSIFICA-
aiter the date that the report required by
subparagraph (A)(ii) is submitted and every 2
years thereafter until the entirety
classified annex of such report is declassified
and publicly available, each relevant agency
of jurisdiction
submit to the
mittee of jurisdiction a report on the efforts
of such agency to declassify such annex
clause (i) shall include
annex that the agency is working to declas-
mate of the timeline for declassification of
(II) a broad description
annex that the agency is declining to declas-
sify at the time of the report; and
(III) any justification for withholding de-
classification of certain items in the annex
and an estimate of the timeline for declas-
may use the United States mails in the same
manner and under the
same conditions
other departments and agencies of the Fed-
(4) GIFTS.—The Commission may accept,
use, and dispose of gifts or donations of serv-
ices or property.
(g) NONAPPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVI-
SORY COMMITTEE ACT.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Federal
Advisory
Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not
apply to the Commission.
(2) PUBLIC MEETINGS AND RELEASE OF PUBLIC
VERSIONS OF
REPORTS.—The Commission
(A) hold public hearings and meetings to
(B) release public versions of the reports
required under subsection (e)(2).
(3) PUBLIC HEARINGS.—Any public hearings
of the Commission shall be conducted in a
manner consistent with the protection of in-
formation provided to or developed for or by
the Commission as required by any applica-
ble statute, regulation, or Executive order.
(h) COMMISSION PERSONNEL MATTERS.-
(1) COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.—A member
of the Commission who is not an officer or
employee of the Federal Government shall
be compensated at a rate equal to the daily
equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay
for level IV of the Executive
Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United
time) during which the member is engaged in
the performance of the duties of the Com-
(2) TRAVEL EXPENSES.-A member
Commission shall be allowed travel expenses,
including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at
rates authorized for employees of agencies
under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5,
United States
Code, while away from their
homes or regular places of business in the
performance of services for the Commission.
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Chairperson, in con-
sultation with the Vice Chairperson of the
civil service laws (including regulations), ap-
and terminate an executive director
and such other additional personnel as may
ment of an executive director shall be sub-
ject to confirmation by the Commission.
(B) QUALIFICATIONS FOR PERSONNEL.-
Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson of the
Commission shall give preference in such ap-
pointments under subparagraph (A) to indi-
former military
representation from the reserve components
(1) HEARINGS.-
-The Commission may hold
such hearings, sit and act at such times and
such evidence as the Commission considers
advisable to carry out this section.
(2) ASSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES.—
cure directly from a Federal department or
agency such information as the Commission
considers necessary to carry out this section.
the Commission,
may fix the compensation
of the executive director and other personnel
without regard to chapter 51 and subchapter
III of chapter 53 of title 5, United
Code, relating to classification of positions
and General Schedule pay rates, except that
the rate of pay for the executive director and

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 1258, "chars": 8258, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
other personnel may not exceed the rate pay-
able for level V of the Executive Schedule
under section 5316 of that title.
(4) DETAIL OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES.—A
tailed to the Commission without reimburse-
ment, and such detail shall be without inter-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(d) ACTIVITIES.—The recipient of a grant
supported under the interagency agreement
described in subsection (a) shall use a por-
tion of the financial assistance or positions
other entities, to support or carry out activi-
ties to address community needs, as deter-
the Corporation, which may
clude activities described in section 122, as
full- or part-time programs.
"(1) IN GENERAL.—Participants in the pro-
gram under this section shall be eligible for
the living allowance and other
scribed in section 140, except for the benefits
described in subsections (d) and (e) of that
November 4, 2021
submitted an amendment intended to
be proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the
SEC. 376. PROHIBITION ON HOUSING OF CHIM-
(5) PROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND INTER-
MITTENT SERVICES.-
—The Chairperson, in con-
sultation with the Vice Chairperson of the
intermittent services under section 3109(b) of
title 5, United States Code, at rates for indi-
viduals that do not exceed the daily equiva-
lent of the annual rate of basic pay
scribed for level V of the Executive Schedule
under section 5316 of that title.
departments or agencies of the United States
shall cooperate with the Commission in ex-
peditiously providing to the members and
staff of the Commission appropriate security
shall ensure that the interagency agreement
described in subsection (a) establishes that
of Defense shall provide cov-
erage under a health plan, as determined by
the Secretary of Defense, for all participants
in the program under this section who are
clearances to the extent possible pursuant to
existing procedures and requirements.
(i) TERMINATION OF COMMISSION.—The Com-
TRICARE program (as that term is defined
in section 1072 of title 10, United
days after the
"(3) EDUCATIONAL AWARD.—Participants in
date on which the Commission submits the the program under this section shall be eligi-
report required under subsection (e)(2)(A)(ii).
(j) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.-
ble for a national service educational award.
(1) IN GENERAL.—There is authorized to be
amounts as necessary to carry out activities
(2) AVAILABILITY.—Any sums appropriated
under the authorization contained in this
section shall remain available, without fiscal
year limitation, until the date of the termi-
nation of the Commission under subsection
COMPELLING PERSONAL CIRCUMSTANCES.
'(1) RELEASE.—Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Act, as determined by the
Secretary of Defense, a Corps member may
be released from completing a term of serv-
ice in the approved national service position
for compelling personal circumstances.
'(2) AWARD.—A Corps member who is re-
leased under paragraph (1) is eligible to re-
SA 4312. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year
activities of the Department
of Defense, for military
defense activities
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
NATIONAL SERVICE CORPS FOR
(a) AMENDMENT TO NCSA.—Part I of sub-
title C of title I of the National and Commu-
nity Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C.
seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-
"SEC. 127. NATIONAL SERVICE CORPS FOR MILI-
TARY SPOUSES AND DEPENDENTS.
GENERAL.—The Corporation shall
enter into an interagency agreement under
section 121(b) with the Secretary of Defense
to carry out the program under this section,
which shall be known as the 'National Serv-
ice Corps for Miliary Spouses and Depend-
(referred to in this section
Corps'), and which shall be funded by the De-
partment of Defense and carried out by the
and conditions of this subtitle, unless other-
MEMBERSHIP.—Notwithstanding
tion 137, the Corps shall be composed of-
'(1) military spouses; and
'(2) dependent children who are not young-
er than age 16 and not older than age 26.
PARTICIPANTS.
ber of participants in the program under this
section shall not exceed 1000.
"(A) the Corps member has completed at
least 15 percent of the Corps member's term
''(B) the Corps member, or a member of the
Corps member's family, receives military or-
ders, such as a permanent change of station
that necessitate the Corps member's
relocation away from the Corps member's
"(C) the Corps member is unable to secure
an appropriate reassignment as described in
'(g) NECESSARY RELOCATION.—A member of
the Corps who must relocate due to a perma-
nent change of station (PCS) or other mili-
continue the member's term of service with
the member's current assignment or by se-
Secretary of Defense shall support, to the ex-
tent practicable,
such a relocating Corps
member who wishes to continue the term of
(b) DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE.
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense
shall enter into an interagency agreement
with the Corporation for National and Com-
munity Service as described in section 127 of
the National and Community Service Act of
1990 (as added by subsection (a) of this sec-
tion), and shall provide funding to the Cor-
poration to carry out such section.
There are authorized to be appropriated to
the Department of Defense, such sums
may be necessary to carry out paragraph (1),
including such sums as may be necessary to
provide a national service educational award
for each participant under such section 127
amendments made by this section, shall take
effect on the date that is 1
date of enactment of this section.
SA 4313. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for her-
self, Mr. CASSIDY, and Mr. KENNEDY)
(a) IN GENERAL.—On or after May 31, 2022,
house chimpanzees at any installation of the
Department of the Air Force.
(b) TRANSPORT OF CHIMPANZEES.—
rently housed at an installation of the De-
ported to Chimp Haven in Louisiana,
ning not later than the date of the enact-
ment of this Act.
(2) COMPLETION OF TRANSPORT.—All trans-
port of chimpanzees required under
be completed by not later
than May 31, 2022.
SA 4314. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for her-
self, Ms. ERNST, and Mrs. FISCHER) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year, and for other purposes;
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the
SEC. 318. PILOT PROGRAM ON USE OF SUSTAIN-
(a) PILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense
shall conduct a pilot program on the use of
sustainable aviation fuel by the Department
(2) DESIGN OF PROGRAM.—The pilot program
shall be designed to—
(A) identify any logistical challenges with
use of sustainable aviation
(B) promote understanding of the technical
and performance characteristics of sustain-
able aviation fuel when used in
(C) engage nearby commercial airports to
explore opportunities and challenges to part-
ner on increased use of sustainable aviation
(b) SELECTION OF FACILITIES.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
fewer than two geographically diverse facili-
ties of the Department at which to carry out
(B) ONSITE REFINERY.—Not fewer than one
shall be a facility with an onsite refinery
that is located in proximity to not fewer
than one major commercial airport that is

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 1226, "chars": 8379, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
also actively seeking to increase the use of
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
collaboration on innovative financing or pur-
chasing and shared supply chain infrastruc-
(2) NOTICE TO
CONGRESS.—Upon the selec-
tion of each facility under paragraph (1), the
committees of Congress notice of the selec-
tion, including an identification of the facil-
(C) USE OF SUSTAINABLE AVIATION FUEL.-
under subsection (b), not later than one year
after the selection of the facility, the Sec-
(D) A description of the effects on perform-
ance and operation of aircraft using sustain-
able aviation fuel, including-
(i) if used, considerations of various blend-
ing ratios and their associated benefits;
(ii) efficiency and distance improvements
of flights using sustainable aviation fuel;
(iii) weight savings on large transportation
other types of aircraft with
(A) develop a plan on how to implement, by
September 30, 2028, a target of exclusively
tions of sustainable aviation fuel;
(iv) maintenance benefits of using sustain-
aviation fuel, including
blended to contain not less than 10 percent
(B) submit the plan developed under sub-
paragraph (A) to the appropriate committees
of Congress; and
(C) provide to the appropriate committees
of Congress a briefing on such plan that in-
cludes, at a minimum-
(i) a description of any operational, infra-
structure, or logistical requirements and rec-
ommendations for the blending and use of
sustainable aviation fuel; and
(ii) a description of any stakeholder en-
gagement in the development of the plan, in-
cluding any consultations with nearby com-
mercial airport owners or operators.
(2) IMPLEMENTATION OF PLANS.—For each
facility selected under subsection (b), during
the period beginning on a date that is not
later than September 30, 2028, and for five
years thereaiter, the Secretary shall require,
in accordance with the respective plan devel-
oped under paragraph (1), the exclusive use
at the facility of aviation fuel that is blend-
ed to contain not less than 10 percent sus-
(v) the effect of the use of sustainable avia-
tion fuel on emissions and air quality;
aviation fuel on the environment and on sur-
mental justice factors that are created by
the demand for and use of sustainable avia-
tion fuel by the Department of Defense; and
(vii) benefits with respect to job creation
in the sustainable aviation fuel production
(g) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
-Sustainable aviation fuel used under
the pilot program shall meet the following
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and
Transportation of the Senate; and
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and
the Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives.
(2) SUSTAINABLE AVIATION FUEL
The term "sustainable aviation fuel"
liquid fuel that-
(A) consists of synthesized hydrocarbon;
(B) meets the requirements of-
(i) ASTM International Standard D7566 (or
successor standard); or
(ii) the co-processing provisions of ASTM
International Standard D1655, Annex Al (or
(C) is derived from biomass (as such term
is defined in section 45K(c)(3) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986), waste streams, renew-
energy sources, or gaseous carbon ox-
(D) is not derived from palm fatty acid dis-
(2) Such fuel shall constitute drop-in fuel
that meets all specifications and perform-
ance requirements of the Department of De-
fense and the Armed Forces.
(e) WAIVER.—The Secretary may waive the
use of sustainable aviation fuel at a facility
under the pilot program if the Secretary-
(1) determines such use is not feasible due
to a lack of domestic availability of sustain-
able aviation fuel or a national security con-
(2) submits to the congressional
committees notice of such waiver and the
Defense for Energy, Installations, and Envi-
submit to the appropriate
committees of Congress a final report on the
ELEMENTS.—The report
paragraph (1) shall include each of the fol-
assessment of the effect of using
sustainable aviation fuel on the overall fuel
(B) A description of any operational, infra-
structure, or logistical requirements and rec-
ommendations for the blending and use of
scaling up adoption of such fuel throughout
the Armed Forces.
(C) Recommendations with respect to how
imity to commercial airports and other jet
fuel consumers to increase the rate of use of
sustainable aviation fuel, for both military
and facilities of the military department or
Defense Agency concerned; and
(2) establish a procurement plan to reason-
ably and expeditiously transition all existing
Defense Agencies with public utility service
providers to new contracts that meet
procurement policies described in paragraph
(b) MILITARY DEPARTMENTS AND DEFENSE
Consistent with the policies
quired to be revised under subsection (a)(1),
the Secretary of each military department
and the head of each Defense Agency shall
training, and procedures for the military de-
partment or Defense Agency concerned that
are not otherwise required by law to ensure
that procurement officials of the military
department or Defense Agency concerned
ices that have an option for the procurement
of resilient electricity and clean electricity
to power the installations and facilities of
the military department or Defense Agency
(C) LIMITATION ON THE USE OF RENEWABLE
ENERGY CREDITS AND CARBON OFFSETS.—
(1) RENEWABLE ENERGY CREDITS.—To the
sections (a) and (b), the Secretary
military department and the head of each
Defense Agency shall avoid acquiring com-
mercial energy services from a public utility
provider that offers renewable energy credits
that were sold separately from the renewable
energy with which they are associated to
satisfy the requirements of having a resilient
electricity and clean electricity option.
(2) CARBON OFFSETS.—In meeting the pro-
(a)(1), the Secretary of Defense shall ensure
that each military department and Defense
Agency does not use carbon offsets.
-Not later than one year after
the date of the enactment of this Act, and
fense shall submit to the congressional de-
fense committees a report-
(1) providing a progress report on the tran-
sition of existing public utility services con-
tracts of the Department to meet the pro-
curement policies required under subsection
(2) describing the procurement plan re-
quired under subsection (a)(2); and
(3) identifying any challenges to carrying
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in
this section shall be construed to require the
projects for the purposes of generating elec-
tricity to power the installations and facili-
ties of the military departments and Defense
Agencies, including military installation re-
silience projects under section 2815 of title
10, United States Code, energy resilience and
2914 of such title,
third-party capital construction of
projects under any other provision of law.
(f) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) CLEAN ELECTRICITY.—The term
from sources that result in access to
tricity without the production of carbon
(A) renewable and nuclear energy; and
(B) traditional generation with carbon cap-
ture and storage.
SA 4315. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the
SEC. 318. REVISION OF ENERGY PROCUREMENT
POLICIES OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE TO PROCURE RESILIENT AND
CLEAN ENERGY.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of Defense shall-
(1) revise the procurement policies of the
Department of Defense that are not other-
wise required by law to ensure that the mili-
tary departments and Defense Agencies may
means an installa-
tion of the Department of Defense under the
jurisdiction of the Secretary of a military
department that is located in a State, terri-
only enter into a contract with a public util-
ity service provider that has an option
the procurement of resilient electricity and
(3) RESILIENT ELECTRICITY.—The term
clean electricity to power the installations silient electricity' means uninterrupted and

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 1226, "chars": 8227, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
assured access to electricity to meet critical
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
ship opportunities at the Department of
State to eligible students to raise awareness
of the essential role of diplomacy in the con-
duct of United States foreign policy and the
SA 4316. Mr. BOOKER submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department
Defense, for military construction, and
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, insert
SEC. 1264. REPORTS ON POTENTIAL GENOCIDE,
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and every 180 days thereafter until the date
on which current hostilities in the Tigray re-
ceasefire or peace agreement, the Secretary
of State, after consultation with the heads of
other Federal departments and agencies rep-
(b) ELIGIBILITY.—An applicant is eligible to
participate in the Program if the applicant—
(1) is enrolled (not less than half-time) at-
(A) an institution of higher education (as
102 of the Higher Education
Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002)); or
higher education
based outside of the United States, as deter-
mined by the Secretary of State;
(2) is able to receive and hold an appro-
priate security clearance; and
(3) satisfies such other criteria as the Sec-
retary may establish pursuant to subsection
(C) SELECTION.—The Secretary of State
shall establish selection criteria for students
to be admitted into the Program, including—
(1) a demonstrable interest in a career in
(2) strong academic performance; and
the Secretary
may establish.
(d) OUTREACH.—The Secretary of State
(1) widely advertise the Program, including
(A) the Department of State's Diplomats in
Residence Program; and
(B) other outreach and recruiting initia-
tives targeting undergraduate and graduate
(2) actively encourage people belonging to
terms of racial, ethnic, geographic, and gen-
der diversity, and disability status to apply
to the Program, including by conducting tar-
geted outreach at minority serving institu-
November 4, 2021
ternships to ensure such internships satisfy
criteria for academic programs in which par-
ticipants in such internships are enrolled.
(g) TRANSITION PERIOD.-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 2
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
of State shall transition all
unpaid internship programs of the Depart-
ment of State, including the Foreign Service
that offer compensation. Upon selection as a
candidate for entry into an internship pro-
gram of the Department of State after such
date, a participant in such internship pro-
gram shall be afforded the opportunity to
forgo compensation, including if doing so al-
lows such participant to receive college or
university curricular credit.
EXCEPTION.—The
transition required
under paragraph (1) shall not apply in the
unpaid internship programs
Department of State that are part of the Vir-
tual Student Federal Service Internship Pro-
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State
may waive the requirement under paragraph
(1) to transition an unpaid internship pro-
gram of the Department to an internship
program that offers compensation if the Sec-
retary determines and, not later than 30 days
after any such determination, submits a re-
port to the appropriate congressional com-
would not be consistent with effective man-
human rights organizations, shall submit to
the appropriate committees of Congress a re-
port that includes a determination with re-
spect to whether actions in Ethiopia by the
military forces of Ethiopia and Eritrea or
other armed actors constitute-
(1) genocide (as defined in section 1091 of
title 18, United States Code);
(2) crimes against humanity; or
Each report required by
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may include a classified
AVAILABILITY.—The Secretary
shall make each report submitted under sub-
section (a) available to the public
internet website of the Department of State.
GRESS.—In this section, the term "appro-
priate committees of Congress' means-
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations,
the Committee on Armed Services,
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate;
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the
Committee on Armed Services, and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House of
the Program shall be paid not less than the
(A) the amount specified in section 6(a)(1)
of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29
U.S.C. 206(a)(1)); or
(B) the minimum wage of the jurisdiction
in which the internship is located.
(2) HOUSING ASSISTANCE.
(A) ABROAD.—The Secretary of State shall
participating in the Program whose perma-
nent address is within the United States if
the location of the internship in which such
participating is outside of the
SA 4317. Mr. BOOKER (for himself
and Mr. Scott of South Carolina) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
(B) DOMESTIC.—The Secretary of State is
authorized to provide housing assistance to a
student participating in the Program whose
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for
States if the location of the internship in
which such student is participating is more
than 50 miles away from such student's per-
manent address.
(3) TRAVEL ASSISTANCE.—The Secretary of
State shall provide financial assistance to
any student participating in
United States that covers
the round trip
costs of traveling from the location of the in-
which was ordered to lie on the table;
pating (including travel by air,
other appropriate transit), if the location of
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, ada
(A) more than 50 miles from such student's
SEC. 1283. DEPARTMENT OF STATE STUDENT IN-
permanent address; or
(B) outside of the United States.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State
(f) WORKING WITH INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER
shall establish the Department of State Stu-
EDUCATION.—The Secretary of State is au-
dent Internship Program (referred to in this
thorized to enter into agreements with insti-
"Program"') to offer intern- tutions of higher education to structure in-
subparagraph (A) shall
why transitioning an unpaid internship pro-
gram of the Department of State to an in-
ternship program that offers compensation
would not be consistent with effective man-
agement goals, including any justification
for maintaining such unpaid status
nitely, or any additional authorities or re-
sources necessary to transition such unpaid
program to offer compensation in the future.
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State shall submit a report
to the Committee on Foreign Relations of
and the Committee on Foreign
Affairs of the House of Representatives that
(1) data, to the extent collection of such in-
formation is permissible by
the number of students (disaggregated by
race, ethnicity, gender, institution of higher
learning, home State, State where each stu-
dent graduated from high school,
ability status) who applied to the Program,
were offered a position, and participated;
(A) the number of security clearance inves-
tigations started for such students; and
(B) the timeline for such investigations, in-
(i) whether such investigations were com-
(ii) when an interim security clearance was
(3) information on Program expenditures;
(4) information regarding the Department
of State's compliance with subsection (g).
(i) DATA COLLECTION POLICIES.
(1) VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION.—Nothing in
this section may be construed to compel any
student who is a participant in an internship
program of the Department of State to par-
ticipate in the collection of the data or di-
vulge any personal information. Such stu-
dents shall be informed that their participa-
tion in the data collection contemplated by
this section is voluntary.
(2) PRIVACY PROTECTION.—Any data col-
lected under this section shall be subject to

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 1271, "chars": 8548, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
the relevant privacy protection statutes and
regulations applicable to Federal employees.
HIRING AUTHORITY.-The
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
all types of doulas, including traditional and
(3) CONSULTATION.—In designing and imple-
menting the pilot program,
(1) offer compensated internships that last
shall consult with stakeholders, including
up to 52 weeks; and
(2) select, appoint, employ, and remove in-
including veterans
that are disproportion-
ately impacted by poor maternal health out-
without regard to the provisions of law gov-
appointments
community-based health care profes-
sionals, including doulas, and other stake-
SA 4318. Mr. BOOKER submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for
such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
(C) experts in promoting health equity and
combating racial bias in health
(4) GOALS.—The goals of the pilot program
are the following:
(A) To improve-
(i) maternal, mental health, and infant
SEC. 1064. PILOT PROGRAM ON DOULA SUPPORT
(ii) integration of doula support services
into the Whole Health model of the Depart-
ment, or successor model; and
(iil) the experience of women receiving ma-
ternity care from the Department, including
by increasing the ability of a woman to de-
velop and follow her own birthing plan.
(B) To reengage veterans with the Depart-
ment after giving birth.
FINDINGS.—Congress finds the fol- out the pilot program in-
Veterans Integrated Service
Networks of the Department that have the
are
approximately
women within the veteran population in the
rolled in the patient enrollment system of
number of women
services from the Veterans Health Adminis-
the Department
and operated
under section 1705(a) of title 38,
States Code, compared to the total number
423,642 in 2014 to 545,670 in 2019.
(3) During the period of 2010 through 2015,
the use of maternity services from the Vet-
erans Health Administration increased by 44
of enrolled veterans in such Network; and
(2) the three Veterans Integrated Service
Networks that have the lowest percentage of
female veterans enrolled in the patient en-
rollment system compared to the total num-
(4) Although prenatal care and delivery is
ber of enrolled veterans in such Network.
not provided in facilities of the Department
of Veterans Affairs, pregnant women seeking
care from the Department for other condi-
tions may also need emergency care and re-
eligible entity or covered
veteran interested in participating in the
pilot program to participate in the pilot pro-
quire coordination of services through the
Community Care
section 1703 of title 38, United States Code.
(5) The number of unique women
patients with an obstetric delivery paid for
by the Department increased by 1,778 percent
from 200 deliveries in 2000 to 3,756 deliveries
(6) The number of women age 35
older with an obstetric delivery paid for by
the Department increased 16-fold from fiscal
(7) A study in 2010 found that veterans re-
turning from Operation Enduring Freedom
and Operation Iraqi Freedom
enced pregnancy were twice as likely to have
(1) IN GENERAL.—Under the pilot program,
a covered veteran shall receive not more
than 10 sessions of care from a doula under
the Whole Health model of the Department,
works as an advocate for the veteran along-
side the medical team for the veteran.
(2) SESSIONS.—Sessions covered under para-
graph (1) shall be as follows:
(A) Three or four sessions before labor and
(B) One session during labor and delivery.
order, or schizophrenia as those who had not
experienced a pregnancy.
(8) The number of women veterans of re-
productive age seeking care
partum, which may be conducted via the mo-
bile application for VA Video Connect.
(f) ADMINISTRATION OF PILOT PROGRAM.-
GENERAL.—The Office of Women's
Health of the Department of Veterans Af-
fairs, or successor office (in this section re-
ferred to as the "Office"), shall-
grow (more than 185,000
as of fiscal year
under the pilot program;
(B) oversee the administration of the pilot
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year
(C) conduct onsite assessments of medical
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
facilities of the Department that are partici-
the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall es-
pating in the pilot program.
tablish a pilot program to furnish doula serv-
(2)
GUIDELINES
FOR
VETERAN-SPECIFIC
ices to covered veterans through eligible en-
CARE.—The Office shall establish
guidelines
tities by expanding the Whole Health model
of the Department of Veterans Affairs,
or
under the pilot program for training doulas
successor model, to measure the impact that
on
military
sexual
trauma and post trau-
matic stress disorder.
doula support services have on birth and
(3)
AMOUNTS FOR CARE.—The Office may
mental health
outcomes
of pregnant vet-
recommend to
erans (in this
section referred to as
the
Secretary appropriate
"pilot program").
the
payment amounts for care and services pro-
vided under the pilot program, which shall
(2) CONSIDERATION.—In carrying
out the not exceed $3,500 per doula per veteran.
pilot program,
the Secretary shall consider
(g) DOULA SERVICE COORDINATOR.—
S7865
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary, in
sultation with the Office, shall establish a
Doula Service Coordinator within the func-
tions of the Maternity Care Coordinator at
each medical facility of the Department that
is participating in the pilot program.
established under paragraph (1) at a medical
facility shall be responsible for-
(A) working with eligible entities, doulas,
veterans participating in
(B) managing payment between eligible en-
and the Department under the pilot
TRACKING OF INFORMATION.—A doula
providing services under the pilot program
shall report to the applicable Doula Service
Coordinator after each
session conducted
(4) COORDINATION WITH WOMEN'S PROGRAM
MANAGER.—A Doula Service Coordinator for
a medical facility of the Department shall
coordinate with the women's program man-
ager for that facility in carrying out the du-
ties of the Doula Service Coordinator under
PILOT PROGRAM.—The Sec-
retary shall conduct the pilot program for a
period of 5 years.
ASSISTANCE.—The Secretary
shall establish a process to provide technical
assistance to eligible entities and doulas par-
ticipating in the pilot program.
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
which the pilot program is carried out, the
Secretary shall submit to the Committee on
Veterans' Affairs of the Senate and the Com-
Representatives a report on the pilot pro-
(2) FINAL REPORT.—As part of the final re-
port submitted under paragraph (1), the Sec-
retary
shall include
recommendations on
whether the model studied in the pilot pro-
gram
should be
continued or more widely
adopted by the Department.
(K) AUTHORIZATION OF
APPROPRIATIONS.—
There are authorized to be appropriated to
the Secretary, for each of fiscal years 2022
through 2027, such sums as may be necessary
to carry out this section
(1) DEFINITIONS.-
-In this section:
(1) COVERED VETERAN.—The term 'covered
veteran" means a pregnant veteran or a for-
merly pregnant veteran (with respect to ses-
sions post-partum) who is enrolled in the pa-
tient enrollment system of the Department
of Veterans Affairs established and operated
under
section
1705(a) of title
38, United
States Code.
(2) ELIGIBLE ENTITY.—The term
"eligible
entity" means an entity that provides medi-
cally
accurate,
comprehensive
maternity
services to covered veterans under the laws
administered by the Secretary,
including
under the
Veterans Community
Care
Pro-
gram under section 1703 of title 38, United
States Code.
(3) VA VIDEO CONNECT.—The term
"VA
Video Connect" means the program of the
Department of Veterans Affairs to connect
veterans with their health care team from
anywhere, using encryption to ensure a se-
cure and private session.
SA 4319. Mr. BOOKER submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 1198, "chars": 7903, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy,
to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title VI, add the following:
SEC. 607. PROVISION OF UNIFORM AND EQUIP-
MENT TO CADETS AT SERVICE ACAD-
(a) UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY.—
Section 7450 of title 10, United States Code,
is amended to read as follows:
"§ 7450. Cadets: clothing and equipment
"The Secretary of the Army shall provide
to each cadet, at no cost to the cadet, the ca-
(b) UNITED STATES NAVAL ACADEMY.-
Section 8460 of such title
is amended to read as follows:
"§8460. Midshipmen: clothing and equipment
"The Secretary of the Navy shall provide
to each midshipman, at no cost to the mid-
shipman, the midshipman's initial issue of
AMENDMENT.—The table of
sections for chapter 853 of such title is
section 8460 and inserting the following new
(C) UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY.-
Section 9450 of such title is amended to read
6S9450. Cadets: clothing and equipment
"The Secretary of the Air Force shall pro-
vide to each cadet, at no cost to the cadet,
cadet's initial issue of clothing and
STATES COAST GUARD ACAD-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
formed service who makes a permanent
change of station between a duty station in
the United States and a duty station outside
the United States for costs associated with
tween such stations through any service not
operated by the Department of Defense.
'(2) LIMITATION.—The amount of a reim-
bursement to a member under paragraph (1)
may not exceed $4,000.".
SA 4321. Mr. BOOKER (for himself
BLUMENTHAL) submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
SEC. 1064. PILOT PROGRAM ON PROVISION OF
PLANT-BASED PROTEIN OPTIONS TO
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than March
1, 2022, the Secretary of the Navy shall estab-
lish a pilot program to offer plant-based pro-
tein options at forward operating bases for
consumption by members of the Navy.
(b) LOCATIONS.—Not later than
the Secretary of the Navy shall select
not fewer than two naval facilities to
ticipate in the pilot program established
under subsection (a) and shall prioritize the
selection of facilities where livestock-based
options may be costly to obtain or
store, such as Joint Region Marianas, Guam,
November 4, 2021
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle C of title XIV, add
SEC. 1424. AUTHORITY TO ACQUIRE MATERIALS
FOR AND DISPOSE OF MATERIALS
FROM NATIONAL DEFENSE STOCK-
(a) DISPOSAL AUTHORITY.—Pursuant to sec-
tion 5(b) of the strategic and Critical Mate-
rials stock Piling Act (50 U.S.C. 98d(b)), the
dispose of 4,031,000 pounds of tungsten ores
amount previously authorized for disposal).
(b) ACQUISITION AUTHORITY.—Using funds
available in the National Defense Stockpile
lowing materials determined to be strategic
and critical materials required to meet the
needs of the United States:
oxide, and neodymium iron boron (NdFeB)
(2) Trinitrotoluene (TNT) or substitute ma-
United States Code, is amended to read as
"§ 1927. Cadets; clothing and equipment
Secretary shall
cadet, at no cost to the cadet, the cadet's
initial issue of clothing and equipment.".
sections for chapter 19 of such title is amend-
ed by striking the item relating to section
1927 and inserting the following new item:
''1927. Cadets; clothing and equipment."
ACADEMY.—Section 51308 of title 46, United
Code, is amended by inserting
not cost to the cadet)" after "textbooks"
SA 4320. Mr. BOOKER submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title VI, add the following:
TERMINATION.—The requirement
under subsection (a) shall terminate three
years after the date on which the Secretary
of the Navy establishes the pilot program.
-Not later than one year after
the termination of the pilot program estab-
lished under subsection (a), the Secretary of
the Navy shall submit to the Committees on
Armed Services of the Senate and the House
of Representatives a report on the pilot pro-
gram that includes the following:
(1) The consumption rate of plant-based
protein options
under the pilot program.
to increase plant-
Navy not selected under subsection (b).
(3) An analysis of the costs of obtaining
and storing plant-based protein options com-
the costs of obtaining and storing
livestock-based protein options at facilities
of the Navy selected under subsection (b).
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in
this section shall be construed to prevent of-
fering livestock-based protein options along-
side plant-based protein options at facilities
of the Navy selected under subsection (b).
(f) PLANT-BASED
FINED.-In this
based protein options'
means edible prod-
ucts made from plants (such as vegetables,
beans, and legumes), fungi, or other non-ani-
mal sources of protein.
OF AUTHORITY.—The National
Defense Stockpile Manager may use up to
$50,000,000 in the National Defense Stockpile
Transaction Fund for acquisition of the ma-
terials specified in subsection (b).
(d) FISCAL YEAR LIMITATION.—The author-
ity under subsection (b) is available for pur-
chases during fiscal years 2022 through 2031.
4323. Mr. TILLIS submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the
SEC. 318. REPORTS ON MOBILE MICROREACTOR
DEVELOPMENT AND DEPLOYMENT.
(a) REPORT ON PLANS FOR MOBILE MICRO-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 30 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Under Secretary of Defense for Research
and Engineering shall submit to the congres-
sional defense committees
plans by the Department of Defense for the
mobile microreactor program of the Depart-
(2) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—Until the
report required by paragraph (1) is submitted
to the congressional defense committees, the
Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for
Section 453 of title 37, United States Code,
is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new subsection:
'(h)
TRANSPORTATION OF HOUSEHOLD
PETS.
Research and Engineering
may not expend
more than 25 percent of the funds appro-
priated to such Office for fiscal year 2022.
SA 4322. Mr. TILLIS submitted an
(b) REPORT ON REGULATORY FRAMEWORK.—
amendment intended to be proposed to
(1) IN GENERAL.-
'(1) IN GENERAL.—The administering Sec-
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
-Not
later than 60
days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
retary may reimburse a member of a uni- REED and intended to be proposed to The Secretary of Defense, in coordination

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 1214, "chars": 8118, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
with the Secretary of Energy and in con- bility, loss of skilled labor, and reduced effi- "SEC. 399V-7. REVIEW AND PUBLICATION OF ILL-
sultation with the Nuclear Regulatory Com-
NESSES AND CONDITIONS.
mission and the commercial nuclear indus-
"Consistent with section 104(i) of the Com-
shall submit to the congressional de-
fense committees a report on the regulatory
framework for the deployment by the Sec-
retary of Defense of mobile microreactors.
(A) a description of the regulatory frame-
work by which the Secretary of Defense
(i) leverage the commercial development of
mobile microreactors to deploy such micro-
United States;
(ii) designate the head of a component of
the Department of Defense
"(C) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
means a modification that will result in a re-
duction in the quantity of end items to be
"(2) The term 'head of an agency' means-
'(A) the Secretary of Defense;
'(B) the Secretary of the Army;
'(C) the Secretary of the Navy; or
"(D) the Secretary of the Air Force.".
(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of
sections at the beginning of chapter 9 of such
title is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new item:
'239c. Cancellation or certain modifications
quisition of property: inclusion
of proposals in budget justifica-
5 installations
United States that are projected to receive
mobile microreactors under clause (i); and
(B) a summary of expected timelines and
projected costs for carrying out clauses (i),
(ii), and (iii) of subparagraph (A); and
retary of Defense considers appropriate.
SA 4324. Ms. COLLINS submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title I, add the
SEC. 164. INCLUSION OF PROPOSALS FOR CAN-
CELLATION OR CERTAIN MODIFICA-
FOR ACQUISITION OF PROPERTY IN
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BUDGET
SA 4325. Mr. CORNYN (for himself
and Mr. KING) submitted an amend-
ment intended
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, insert
SEC. 1253. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON INTEROPER-
It is the sense of Congress that, consistent
with the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law
96-8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) and the Six Assur-
ances, the United States should seek to sup-
(1) improving asymmetric defense capabili-
ties of Taiwan;
(2) bolstering deterrence to preserve peace,
United States Code, is amended by adding at
the end the following new section:
"§ 239c. Cancellation or certain modifications
of multiyear contracts for acquisition of
property: inclusion of proposals in budget
'(a) IN GENERAL.—In the budget justifica-
tion materials submitted to Congress in sup-
port of the Department of Defense budget for
fiscal year 2023 and each fiscal year there-
after (as submitted with the budget of the
President under section 1105(a) of title 31),
the Secretary of Defense shall include a pro-
posal for any contract of the Department en-
tered into under section 2306b of this title
'(1) the head of an agency intends to can-
(3) deepening interoperability with Taiwan
in defense capabilities, including in—
(A) maritime and air domain awareness;
(B) integrated air and missile defense sys-
agency intends to effect a covered modifica-
'(b) ELEMENTS.—Each proposal required by
subsection (a) shall include the following:
"(1) A detailed assessment of expected ter-
mination costs associated with the cancella-
tion or covered modification of the contract.
"(2) An updated assessment of estimated
'(3) An explanation of the proposed use of
previously appropriated funds provided by
curement of property that would be procured
under the multiyear contract.
'(4) An assessment of expected impacts to
the industrial base, including workload sta-
SA 4326. Mr. BURR (for himself and
TILLIS) submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to amendment
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
appropriations
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
of the Department of Energy,
strengths for such fiscal year, and for
other purposes; which was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
SEC. 1064. REVIEW OF ILLNESSES AND CONDI-
TIONS RELATING TO VETERANS STA-
TIONED AT CAMP LEJEUNE, NORTH
CAROLINA AND THEIR FAMILY MEM-
(a) REVIEW AND PUBLICATION OF ILLNESS OR
CONDITION.—Part P of title III of the Public
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g et seq.) is
amended by adding at the end the following:
later than 1 year after the date of enactment
and not less frequently than
once every 3 years thereafter, the Secretary,
acting through
Toxic Substances and Disease
'(1)(A) review the scientific literature rel-
evant to the relationship between the em-
Camp Lejeune, North Carolina for not fewer
than 30 days during the period beginning on
August 1, 1953, and ending on December 31,
1987, and specific illnesses or conditions in-
curred by those individuals;
'(B) determine each illness or condition
for which there is evidence that exposure to
Carolina, during the period specific in sub-
paragraph (A) may be a cause of the illness
'(C) with respect to each illness or condi-
determination
made under subparagraph (B), categorize the
evidence of the connection of the illness or
condition to exposure described in that sub-
'(i) sufficient to conclude with reasonable
confidence that the exposure is a cause of
'(ii) modest supporting causation, but not
sufficient to conclude with reasonable con-
fidence that exposure is a cause of the illness
'(iii) no more than limited supporting cau-
'(2) publish in the Federal Register and on
website of the Department of
Health and Human Services
'(A) a list of each illness or condition for
which a determination has been made under
paragraph (1)(B), including the categoriza-
tion of the evidence of causal connection re-
lating to the illness or condition under para-
'(B) the bibliographic citations for all lit-
erature reviewed under paragraph (1) for
each illness or condition listed under such
'(3) update the list under paragraph (2), as
applicable, to add an illness or condition for
which a determination has been made under
paragraph (1)(B), including the categoriza-
tion of the evidence of causal connection re-
lating to the illness or condition under para-
graph (1)(C), since such list was last updated
consistent with the requirements of this sec-
(b) ELIGIBILITY FOR HEALTH CARE FROM DE-
PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 1710(e)(1)(F) of
title 38, United States Code, is amended-
(A) by redesignating clauses (1) through
(XV) as subclauses (I) through (XV), respec-
(B) by striking "(F) Subject to" and insert-
ing "(F)(i) Subject to";
(C) by striking 'any of the following' and
inserting 'any of the illnesses or conditions
for which the evidence of connection of the
illness or condition to exposure to a toxic
substance at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina,
during such period is categorized as suffi-
cient or modest in the most recent list pub-
lished under section 399V-7(2) of the Public
Health Service Act, which may include any
(D) by adding at the end the following new
'(ii) For the purposes of ensuring continu-
ation of care, any veteran who has been fur-
nished hospital
under this subparagraph for an illness or
condition shall remain eligible for hospital

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 1221, "chars": 8092, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7868
care or medical services for such illness or
condition notwithstanding that the evidence
of connection of such illness or condition to
exposure to a toxic substance at Camp
described in clause (1) is not categorized as
sufficient or modest in the most recent list
published under section 399V-7(2) of the Pub-
title is amended by adding at the end the fol-
"(C) CONTINUATION OF CARE.—For the pur-
poses of ensuring continuation of care, any
individual who has been furnished hospital
care or medical services under this section
for an illness or condition shall remain eligi-
ble for hospital care or medical services for
or condition notwithstanding
that the illness or condition is no longer de-
scribed in section 1710(e)(1)(F) of this title.".
(3) TRANSFER OF AMOUNTS FOR PROGRAM.—
Notwithstanding any other provision of law,
for each of fiscal years 2022 and 2023, the Sec-
$2,000,000 from amounts made
the Department of Veterans Affairs for med-
Office and Financial Services Cen-
ter of the Department to be used to continue
and enhancing
system, eligibility system, and web
portal for the Camp Lejeune Family Member
Program of the Department.
SA 4327. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022 for
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
• INFRASTRUCTURE IMPROVEMENTS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
_ SPECIAL IMMIGRANT STATUS FOR
NATIONALS OF AFGHANISTAN EM-
PLOYED THROUGH A COOPERATIVE
FUNDED BY THE UNITED STATES
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
(1) the United States recognizes the im-
mense contributions of the nationals of Af-
ghanistan who worked, through cooperative
nongovernmental
organizations in Afghanistan, in support of
States mission to advance
causes of democracy, human rights, and the
rule of law in Afghanistan;
(2) due to the close association of such na-
States, their lives are at risk; and
(3) such nationals of Afghanistan should be
under the Afghan Allies and Protection Act
of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note; Public Law 111-8).
(b) SPECIAL IMMIGRANT STATUS.—Section
602(b)(2)(A)(ii)(I) of the Afghan Allies Protec-
tion Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note; Public
Law 111-8) is amended by
"United States Government" the following:
November 4, 2021
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title XII, add the following:
Subtitle H-Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention
Act
SEC. 1291. SHORT TITLE
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Uyghur
Forced Labor Prevention Act"
SEC. 1292. STATEMENT OF POLICY.
It is the policy of the United States-
(1) to strengthen
the prohibition against
the importation of goods made with forced
labor, including by ensuring that the Gov-
ernment of the People's Republic of China
does not undermine the
ment of section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930
(19 U.S.C. 1307), which prohibits the importa-
tion of all 'goods, wares, articles, and mer-
chandise mined, produced or manufactured
wholly or in part in any foreign country by
...forced labor";
(2) to lead the international community in
ending forced labor practices wherever such
practices occur through all means available
to the United States Government, including
the importation of any goods
labor, including
wholly or in part in the Xinjiang Uyghur Au-
Section 50302(c)(6) of title 46, United States
Code, is amended by adding at the end the
'(C) INFRASTRUCTURE IMPROVEMENTS IDEN-
through a cooperative agreement, grant,
that the Chief of Mission or delegated De-
based on a recommendation from the Federal
or organization authorizing
that such alien contributed to the
United States mission in Afghanistan"
SA 4329. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, ada
SEC. 821. PROHIBITION ON CONTRACT CLAUSES
REQUIRING COVID-19 VACCINE.
Notwithstanding Executive Order No. 14042
(86 Fed. Reg. 50985; relating to ensuring ade-
quate COVID safety protocols for Federal
Task Force order dated September 24,
and entitled "COVID-19 Workplace Safety:
Guidance for Federal Contractors and Sub-
contractors",
may not require any contractor or subcon-
tractor at any tier to impose a workplace
COVID-19 vaccine mandate as a condition of
contract, including by including a contract
clause to such effect in a Department of De-
cluding with respect to forced labor, whether
sponsored by the government of a foreign
country or not, and to restore the lives of
those affected by human trafficking, a mod-
ern form of slavery;
(4) to regard the prevention of atrocities as
United States; and
(5) to address gross violations of human
rights in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous
(A) through bilateral diplomatic channels
and multilateral institutions in which both
the United States and the People's Republic
of China are members; and
(B) using all the authorities available to
the United States Government,
visa and financial sanctions, export restric-
tions, and import controls.
SEC. 1293. STRATEGY TO ENFORCE PROHIBITION
ON IMPORTATION OF GOODS MADE
THROUGH FORCED LABOR IN THE
paragraph (3) for funding under this sub-
section, the Secretary shall consider infra-
structure improvements identified in the re-
port on strategic seaports required by sec-
tion 3515 of the National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law
116-92; 133 Stat. 1985) that would improve the
commercial operations of those seaports."
SA 4328. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
for fiscal year 2022 for
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, ada
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security shall jointly,
and in consultation with the United States
State, and the Secretary of Labor, publish in
the Federal Register a notice soliciting pub-
lic comments on how best to ensure that
wholly or in part with forced labor in the
People's Republic of China,
Kazakhs, Kyrgyz,
members of other persecuted groups in the
People's Republic of China, and especially in
the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region,
are not imported into the United States.
(2) PERIOD FOR COMMENT.—The Secretary of
the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland
Security shall provide the public with not
less than 60 days to submit comments in re-
sponse to the notice required by paragraph
SA 4330. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and
Mr. MERKLEY) submitted an amend-
ment intended
be proposed
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such fiscal
GENERAL.—Not later than 45
after the close of the period to submit com-
ments under subsection (a)(2), the Secretary
of the Treasury, the Secretary of Homeland
Security, the Secretary of Labor, the United
States Trade Representative, and the Sec-
retary of State shall jointly conduct a public

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 1294, "chars": 8538, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
hearing inviting witnesses to testify with re-
ple's Republic of China into the United
spect to the use of forced labor in the Peo-
ple's Republic of China and potential meas-
ures, including the measures described in
paragraph (2), to prevent the importation of
(iv) a list of facilities and entities, includ-
ing the Xinjiang Production and Construc-
that source material from
wholly or in part with forced labor in the
People's Republic of China into the United
(2) MEASURES DESCRIBED.—The measures
described in this paragraph are-
(A) measures that can be taken to trace
from persons working with the government
of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region
or the Xinjiang Production and Construction
Corps for purposes of the
ation" program or the "pairing-assistance"
chain transparency, and identify third coun-
try supply chain routes for goods mined, pro-
with forced labor in the People's Republic of
(B) other measures for ensuring that goods
mined, produced, or manufactured wholly or
in part with forced labor do not enter the
United States.
(C) DEVELOPMENT OF STRATEGY.—After re-
ceiving public comments under subsection
(a) and holding the hearing required by sub-
section (b), the Secretary of the Treasury
Homeland Security
shall jointly, and in consultation with the
Representative, the Secretary of State, and
the Director of National
velop a strategy for preventing the importa-
tion into the United States of goods mined,
produced, or manufactured wholly or in part
with forced labor in the People's Republic of
egy with respect to the matters described in
under subsection (c) shall include the
(1) A comprehensive assessment of the risk
of importing goods mined, produced, or man-
ufactured wholly or in part with forced labor
in the People's Republic of China, including
from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Re-
gion or made by Uyghurs, Kazakhs,
or members of other persecuted
groups in any other part of the People's Re-
public of China, that identifies, to the extent
(A) threats, including through the poten-
tial involvement in supply chains of entities
that may use forced labor, that could lead to
the importation into the United states from
People's Republic of China,
through third countries, of goods mined, pro-
with forced labor; and
(B) what procedures can be implemented or
improved to reduce such threats.
(2) A comprehensive description and eval-
(A) of "pairing assistance" and "poverty
or any other government labor
(v) a plan for identifying additional facili-
ties and entities described in clause (iv);
(vi) a enforcement plan for each such enti-
ty, which may include issuing withhold re-
lease orders to support enforcement of sec-
tion 1294 with respect to the entity;
(vii) a list of high-priority sectors for en-
forcement, which shall include cotton, toma-
enforcement plan for each such
high-priority sector.
tives, and tools and technologies to be adopt-
ed to ensure that U.S. Customs and Border
Protection can accurately identify and trace
goods made in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autono-
mous Region entering at any of the ports of
(4) A description of how U.S. Customs and
Border Protection plans to enhance its use of
legal authorities and other tools to ensure
that no goods are entered at any of the ports
of the United States in violation of section
307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307),
including through the initiation of pilot pro-
grams to test the viability of technologies to
assist in the examination of such goods.
(5) Guidance to importers with respect to—
(A) due diligence, effective supply chain
tracing, and supply chain management meas-
ures to
ensure that such importers do not
import any goods mined, produced, or manu-
factured wholly or in part with forced labor
from the People's Republic of China,
the Xinjiang Uyghur Autono-
(B) the type, nature, and extent of evidence
that demonstrates that goods originating in
the People's Republic of China were not
mined, produced, or manufactured wholly or
in part in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous
(C) the type, nature, and extent of evidence
that demonstrates that goods originating in
the People's Republic of China,
goods detained or seized pursuant to section
307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307),
were not mined, produced, or manufactured
wholly or in part with forced labor.
(6) A plan to
and collaborate
with appropriate nongovernmental organiza-
tions and private sector entities to
(3) FORM OF REPORT.—Each report required
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in
classified form, but may include a classified
annex, if necessary.
(4) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY.—The unclassified
portion of each report required by paragraph
(1) shall be made available to the public.
-Nothing in this
section may be construed to limit the appli-
cation of regulations in effect on or meas-
ures taken before the date of the enactment
of this Act to prevent the importation of
wholly or in part with forced labor into the
United States, including withhold release or-
ders issued before such date of enactment.
SEC. 1294. REBUTTABLE PRESUMPTION THAT IM-
GOODS MINED, PRODUCED, OR MAN-
UYGHUR AUTONOMOUS REGION OR
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Commissioner of U.S.
Customs and Border Protection shall, except
as provided by subsection (b), apply a pre-
sumption that, with respect to any
wares, articles, and merchandise mined, pro-
duced, or manufactured wholly or in part in
the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of
the People's Republic of China or produced
by an entity on a list required by clause (i),
(iii), or (iv) of section 1293(d)(2)(B)—
(1) the importation of such goods,
articles, and merchandise is prohibited under
section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C.
members of other persecuted groups outside
of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region
or similar programs of the People's Republic
tracted from Uyghurs, Kazakhs, Kyrgyz, Ti-
groups through the threat of penalty or for
which the Uyghurs, Kazakhs, Kyrgyz, Tibet-
ans, or members of other persecuted groups
have not offered themselves voluntarily; and
(i) a list of entities working with the gov-
Uyghur Autono-
other persecuted groups out of the Xinjiang
Uyghur Autonomous Region;
(ii) a list of products mined, produced,
manufactured wholly or in part by entities
on the list required by clause (i);
(iii) a list of entities that exported prod-
ucts described in clause (ii) from the Peo-
(e) SUBMISSION OF STRATEGY.-
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
Homeland Security, in consultation with the
Secretary of Labor, the United States Trade
Representative, and the Secretary of State,
sional committees a report that-
(A) in the case of the first such report, sets
the strategy
(B) in the case of any subsequent such re-
port, sets forth any updates to the strategy.
(2) UPDATES OF CERTAIN MATTERS.—Not less
sion under paragraph (1)(A) of the strategy
subsection (c),
retary shall submit to the appropriate con-
gressional committees updates to the strat-
chandise are not entitled to entry at any of
the ports of the United States.
(b) EXCEPTIONS.—The Commissioner shall
apply the presumption under subsection (a)
unless the Commissioner determines that—
(1) the importer of record has—
scribed in section 1293(d)(5) and any regula-
tions issued to implement that guidance; and
sponded to all inquiries for information sub-
whether the goods were mined, produced, or
manufactured wholly or in part with forced
(2) the good was not mined, produced, or
manufactured wholly or in part by forced
(C) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not less frequently
than every 180 days, the Commissioner shall
the appropriate
congressional
committees and make available to the public
a report that lists all instances in which the
Commissioner
sumption under subsection (a) during
(d) REGULATIONS.—The Commissioner may
prescribe regulations
(1) to implement paragraphs (1) and (2) of
(2) to amend any other regulations relating
to withhold release orders in order to imple-
(e) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section takes ef-
fect on the date that is 180 days after the
date of the enactment of this Act.
SEC. 1295. DIPLOMATIC STRATEGY TO ADDRESS
FORCED LABOR IN THE XINJIANG
UYGHUR AUTONOMOUS REGION.
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State, in coordination with
the heads of other appropriate Federal agen-
cies, shall submit to the appropriate congres-
sional committees a report that includes a
United States
strategy to promote
tives to enhance international awareness of
and to address forced labor in the Xinjiang

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 1263, "chars": 8410, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
Uyghur Autonomous Region of the People's
(b) MATTERS
TO BE INCLUDED.—The Sec-
retary shall include in the report required by
subsection (a) the following:
(1) A plan to enhance bilateral and multi-
lateral coordination, including sustained en-
gagement with the governments of countries
States, to end the use of Uyghurs, Kazakhs,
Kyrgyz, Tibetans, and members of other per-
secuted groups in the Xinjiang Uyghur Au-
tonomous Region for forced labor.
(2) A description of public affairs, public
diplomacy, and counter-messaging efforts to
promote awareness of the human rights situ-
ation, including with respect to forced labor,
in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.
(A) to coordinate and collaborate with ap-
and private sector entities to raise
ness about goods mined, produced, or manu-
factured wholly or in part with forced labor
in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region;
(B) to provide humanitarian assistance, in-
cluding with respect to resettlement and ad-
vocacy for imprisoned family
members of other persecuted groups, includ-
members of such groups formerly
in mass internment camps in
Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.
(C) ADDITIONAL MATTERS To BE INCLUDED.—
The Secretary shall include in the report re-
quired by subsection (a), based on consulta-
tions with the Secretary of Commerce,
Secretary of Homeland Security,
Secretary of the Treasury, the following:
(1) To the extent practicable, a list of—
China or affiliates of such entities that use
or benefit from forced labor in the Xinjiang
Uyghur Autonomous Region; and
(B) foreign persons that act as agents of
the entities or affiliates described in sub-
paragraph (A) to import goods into the
(2) A plan for working with private sector
entities seeking to conduct supply chain due
November 4, 2021
strengths for such fiscal year, and for
other purposes; which was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title XII, add the following:
Subtitle H—South China Sea and East China
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the President shall submit to the com-
Uyghur Human Rights Policy Act of 2020 a
report that identifies each foreign person, in-
cluding any official of the Government of the
People's Republic of China,
dent determines is responsible
rights abuses in
connection with
lim minority groups, or other persons in the
Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.
(2) IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS.—The Presi-
dent shall impose sanctions under subsection
(c) of section 6 of the Uyghur Human Rights
Policy Act of 2020 with respect to each for-
eign person identified in the report required
by paragraph (1), subject to the provisions of
subsections (d), (e), (f), and (g) of that sec-
Sections 1293, 1294, and 1295 shall cease to
have effect on the earlier of-
(1) the date that is 8 years after the date of
the enactment of this Act; or
mits to the appropriate congressional com-
mittees a determination that the Govern-
ment of the People's Republic of China has
internment, forced labor, and
any other gross violations of human rights
experienced by Uyghurs, Kazakhs, Kyrgyz,
and members of other persecuted
groups in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous
(1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
TEES.—The term "appropriate congressional
(A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the
Committee on Financial Services, the Com-
mittee on Ways
and Means, and the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security of the House of
(B) the Committee on Foreign Relations,
the Committee
on Banking, Housing,
Urban Affairs, the Committee on Finance,
and the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate.
LABOR.—The
wholly or in part with forced labor into the
(3) A description of actions taken by the
United States Government to address forced
labor in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous
Region under existing authorities, includ-
(A) the Trafficking Victims Protection Act
of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.);
(B) the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities
Prevention Act of 2018 (Public Law 115-441; 22
U.S.C. 2656 note); and
(C) the Global Magnitsky
Accountability Act (subtitle F of title XII of
Public Law 114-328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note).
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may include a classified annex, if
SEC. 1296. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS RELATING
TO FORCED LABOR IN THE XINJIANG
UYGHUR AUTONOMOUS REGION.
Uyghur Human Rights Policy Act of 2020
(Public Law 116-145; 22 U.S.C. 6901 note) is
amended by adding at the end the following:
"(F) Serious human rights abuses in con-
section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C.
(B) includes convict labor and indentured
labor under penal sanctions.
(3) FOREIGN PERSON.-
person" means a person that is not a United
The term "person" means an
individual or entity.
'United States person" means
(A) a United States citizen or an alien law-
admitted for permanent residence to
(B) an entity organized under the laws of
the United States or any jurisdiction within
the United States, including a foreign branch
subtitle may be cited as the "South
China Sea and East China Sea Sanctions Act
SEC. 1292. SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO CHI-
NESE PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR
CHINA'S ACTIVITIES IN THE SOUTH
CHINA SEA AND THE EAST CHINA
(a) INITIAL IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS.
and after the date that is 120 days after the
date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-
dent may impose the sanctions described in
subsection (b) with respect to any Chinese
person, including any senior official of the
of the People's Republic
China, that the President determines
(1) is responsible for or significantly con-
struction, militarization, or ongoing supply
of outposts in disputed areas of the
(2) is responsible for or significantly con-
tributes to, or has engaged in, directly or in-
directly, actions, including the use of coer-
inhibit another country from pro-
tecting its sovereign rights to access off-
shore resources in the South China Sea, in-
cluding in such country's exclusive economic
consistent with such country's rights
and obligations under international law;
(3) is responsible for or complicit in, or has
directly or indirectly, actions
that significantly threaten the peace,
rity, or stability of disputed areas of the
South China Sea or areas of the East
Sea administered by Japan or the Republic
of Korea, including through the use of ves-
sels and aircraft by the People's Republic of
search or drilling activity in those areas;
(4) has materially assisted, sponsored,
logical support for, or goods or services to,
or in support of, any person subject to sanc-
tions pursuant to paragraph (1), (2), or (3); or
(5) is owned or controlled by,
for or on behalf of, directly or indirectly, any
person subject to sanctions pursuant to para-
graph (1), (2), or (3).
SANCTIONS DESCRIBED.—The sanctions
that may be imposed with respect to a per-
son described in subsection (a) are the fol-
(1) BLOCKING OF PROPERTY.—The President
may, in accordance with the International
Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C.
seq.), block and prohibit all trans-
actions in all property and interests in prop-
erty of the person if such property and inter-
amendment made by subsection (a)-
(1) takes effect on the date of the enact-
(2) applies with respect to the first report
required by section 6(a)(1) of the Uyghur
Human Rights Policy Act of 2020 submitted
after such date of enactment.
SA 4331. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and
Mr. CARDIN) submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to amendment
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
4350, to authorize appropriations for
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy,
come within the possession or control of a
United States person.
(2) INELIGIBILITY FOR VISAS, ADMISSION, OR
(A) VISAS, ADMISSION, OR PAROLE.—In the
case of an alien, the alien may be
(i) inadmissible to the United States;
(il) ineligible to receive a visa or other doc-
umentation to enter the United States; and
(iii) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or
paroled into the United States or to receive
any other benefit under the Immigration and
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.).
(B) CURRENT VISAS REVOKED.-
paragraph (A) may be subject to revocation
of any visa or other entry documentation re-
gardless of when the visa or other entry doc-
umentation is or was issued.

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 1204, "chars": 8193, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(I) take effect immediately; and
(II) cancel any other valid visa or
documentation that is in the alien's posses-
EXCLUSION OF CORPORATE OFFICERS.-
The President may direct the Secretary of
State to deny a visa to, and the Secretary of
United States, any alien that the President
determines is a corporate officer or principal
of, or a shareholder with a controlling inter-
est in, the person.
(4) EXPORT SANCTION.—The President may
order the United States Government not to
issue any specific license and not to grant
any other specific permission or authority to
export any goods or technology to the person
(A) the Export Control Reform Act of 2018
(B) any other statute that requires the
States Government as a condition for the ex-
port or reexport of goods or services.
dent may include the entity on the entity
list maintained by the Bureau of Industry
of the Department of Com-
merce and set forth in Supplement No. 4 to
part 744 of the Export Administration Regu-
tional security or foreign policy interests of
the United States.
(6) BAN ON INVESTMENT IN EQUITY OR DEBT
OF SANCTIONED PERSON.—The President may,
pursuant to such regulations or guidelines as
the President may prescribe, prohibit any
United States person from investing in
purchasing equity or debt instruments of the
(7) BANKING TRANSACTIONS.—The President
may, pursuant to such regulations as the
President may prescribe, prohibit any trans-
fers of credit or payments between financial
institutions or by, through, or to any finan-
transfers or payments are subject to the ju-
risdiction of the United States and involve
(8) CORRESPONDENT AND PAYABLE-THROUGH
ACCOUNTS.—In the case of a foreign financial
institution, the President may prohibit the
opening, and prohibit or impose strict condi-
States of a correspondent account or a pay-
able-through account by the foreign finan-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(B) GOOD DEFINED.-In this paragraph, the
"good" means any article, natural or
manufactured product, including inspection
and test equipment, and excluding technical
(d) IMPLEMENTATION; PENALTIES.-
exercise all authorities provided under sec-
tions 203 and 205 of the International Emer-
gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702
and 1704) to carry out this section.
in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the
International Emergency Economic Powers
Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a person
that violates, attempts to violate, conspires
to violate, or causes a violation of regula-
tions prescribed under subsection (b)(1) to
the same extent that such penalties apply to
a person that commits an unlawful act de-
scribed in subsection (a) of such section
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) ACCOUNT; CORRESPONDENT ACCOUNT; PAY-
ABLE-THROUGH
ACCOUNT.—The
"correspondent account", and "pay-
given those terms in section 5318A of title 31,
United States Code.
meaning given that term in section 101(a) of
U.S.C. 1101(a)).
(3) CHINESE PERSON.—The term 'Chinese
person" means-
(A) an individual who is a citizen or na-
tional of the People's Republic of China; or
(B) an entity organized under the laws of
the People's Republic of China or otherwise
subject to the
ment of the People's Republic of China.
nancial institution' means a financial insti-
tution specified in subparagraph (A), (B), (C),
(D), (Е), (F), (G), (H), (I), (J, (К), (M), (N),
(P), (R), (T), (Y), or (Z) of section 5312(a)(2) of
title 31, United States Code.
INSTITUTION.-The
term "foreign financial institution" has the
meaning given that term in section 1010.605
of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (or
any corresponding similar regulation or rul-
(6) PERSON.—The term "person" means any
individual or entity.
'United States person" means-
(A) a United States citizen or an alien law-
admitted for permanent residence
(B) an entity organized under the laws of
the United States or of any
within the United States, including a foreign
branch of such an entity; or
(C) any person in the United States.
SEC. 1293. REPORT ON COUNTRIES THAT RECOG-
NIZE CHINESE SOVEREIGNTY OVER
form, but may include a classified annex if
the Secretary of State determines it is nec-
essary for the national security interests of
(C) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY.—The Secretary of
State shall publish the unclassified part of
publicly available website of the Department
SA 4332. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Ms.
Ms. COLLINS, Mr. CRAPO, and
Ms. HASSAN) submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to amendment
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
4350, to authorize appropriations for
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy,
strengths for such fiscal year, and for
other purposes; which was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, ada
SECTION 1283. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL ARTIFI-
CIAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER.
"United States-Israel Artificial
Intelligence Center Act'
ESTABLISHMENT OF CENTER.—The Sec-
Secretary of Commerce, the Director of the
National Science Foundation, and the heads
of other relevant Federal agencies, shall es-
Intelligence Center (referred to in this sec-
tion as the "Center") in the United States.
shall be to leverage the experience,
edge, and expertise of institutions of higher
education and private sector entities in the
United States and Israel to develop more ro-
bust research and development cooperation
(2) image classification;
(5) natural language processing;
(6) data labeling;
GENCY REQUIREMENT.—The requirements of
section 202 of the International Emergency
Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall
not apply for purposes of subsection (b)(1).
(2) EXCEPTION FOR INTELLIGENCE, LAW EN-
AND NATIONAL
TIES.—Sanctions under this section shall not
apply to any authorized intelligence, law en-
forcement, or national security activities of
the United States.
(3) COMPLIANCE WITH UNITED NATIONS HEAD-
AGREEMENT.—Paragraphs (2) and
(3) of subsection (b) shall not apply if admis-
sion of an alien to the United States is nec-
to permit the United States to com-
ply with the Agreement regarding the Head-
United Nations,
Lake Success, June 26, 1947, and entered into
force, November 21, 1947, between the United
Nations and the United States.
(4) EXCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF
GENERAL.—The authority or a re-
section shall not include the authority or a
requirement to impose sanctions on the im-
(d) ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE PRINCIPLES.—
In carrying out the purposes set forth in sub-
section (c), the Center shall adhere to the
principles for the use of artificial intel-
ligence in the Federal Government set forth
in section 3 of Executive Order 13960 (85 Fed.
(e) INTERNATIONAL PARTNERSHIPS.-
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State
and the heads
agencies, subject to the availability of ap-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and annually thereafter until the date that
is 3 years after such date of enactment, the
Secretary of State shall submit to the Com-
on Foreign Relations of the Senate
and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
House of Representatives a report identi-
fying each country that the Secretary deter-
mines has taken an official and stated posi-
tion to recognize, after such date of enact-
ment, the sovereignty of the People's Repub-
lic of China over territory or airspace dis-
puted by one or more countries in the South
China Sea or the territory or
areas of the East China Sea administered by
Japan or the Republic of Korea.
(b) FORM.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified
supporting and enhancing
and planning involving international
State or such agencies and the Government
of Israel and its ministries, offices, and insti-
(2) FEDERAL SHARE.—Not more than 50 per-
cent of the costs of implementing the agree-
ments entered into pursuant to paragraph (1)
may be paid by the United States Govern-
AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.-
There is authorized to be appropriated for
the Center $10,000,000 for each of the fiscal
SA 4333. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and
Ms. WARREN) submitted an amendment

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 1089, "chars": 7384, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
intended to be proposed to amendment tary activities of the Department of
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
for military construction, and
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
activities of the Depart-
4350, to authorize appropriations for
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
personnel strengths for such
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
year, and for other purposes; which was
tary construction, and for defense ac-
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
tivities of the Department of Energy,
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
November 4, 2021
cer and the importance of early detection of
(c) REPORT.—Not later than one year after
the date of the enactment of this
shall submit to Congress a report on the re-
view conducted under subsection (a).
4336. Mr. RUBIO submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
strengths for such fiscal year, and for
other purposes;
which was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, ada
EXPANSION OF DECLARATIONS RE-
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
UNITED STATES.
721(b)(1)(C)(v)(IV)(cc) of the De-
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
SEC. 857. RISK MANAGEMENT FOR DEPARTMENT
4565(b)(1)(C)(v)(IV)(cc)) is amended by strik-
Defense, for military construction, and
"subsection (a)(4)(B)(iii)(II)"
MANAGEMENT FOR ALL DEPART-
"subclause (II) or (III) of subsection
MENT OF DEFENSE SUPPLY CHAINS.-
than 180 days after the date of the enactment
the Under Secretary of Defense
for Acquisition and Sustainment shall-
(1) develop and issue implementing guid-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
ance for risk management for Department of
REPORT ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT
Department, including pharmaceuticals;
(2) identify, in coordination with the Com-
missioner of Food and Drugs, supply chain
information gaps regarding reliance on for-
"Phase II", 'Phase III",
and "STTR" have the meanings given those
terms in section 9(e) of the Small Business
pharmaceutical ingredients and final drug
(3) submit to Congress a report regarding
(A) existing information streams,
that may be used to assess the reliance by
the Department of Defense on high-risk for-
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later
year after the date of enactment of this Act,
the Comptroller General of the United States
shall submit to Congress a report regarding
chains of the Department of Defense; and
(C) any recommendations to address-
(i) information gaps identified under para-
(ii) any risks related to such reliance on
(b) RISK MANAGEMENT FOR DEPARTMENT OF
DEFENSE PHARMACEUTICAL SUPPLY CHAIN.—
The Director of the Defense Health Agency
than one year after the
issuance of the guidance required by sub-
menting guidance for risk management for
the Department of Defense supply chain for
(2) establish a working group
(A) to assess risks to the pharmaceutical
(B) to identify the pharmaceuticals most
critical to beneficiary care at military treat-
ment facilities; and
scarce pharmaceutical resources in case of a
RESPONSIVENESS TESTING OF DEFENSE
TRACTS.—The Director of the Defense Logis-
tics Agency shall modify Defense Logistics
Agency Instructions 5025.03 and 3110.01—
(1) to require Defense Logistics Agency
Troop Support to coordinate annually with
customers in the military departments to
conduct responsiveness testing
Logistics Agency's contingency
tracts for pharmaceuticals; and
(2) to include the results of that testing, as
reported by customers in the military de-
SA 4335. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and
Mrs. FEINSTEIN) submitted an amend-
ment intended
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the
Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
SEC. 1064. INTERAGENCY REVIEW TO EVALUATE
AND IDENTIFY OPPORTUNITIES FOR
THE ACCELERATION OF RESEARCH
ON WOMEN AND LUNG
GREATER ACCESS TO PREVENTIVE
SERVICES, AND STRATEGIC PUBLIC
AWARENESS AND EDUCATION CAM-
(a) IN GENERAL.
-The Secretary of Health
and Human Services, in consultation with
Secretary of Defense and Secretary
agency review to evaluate the status of, and
identify opportunities related to—
(1) research on women and lung cancer;
(2) access to lung cancer preventive serv-
(3) strategic public awareness and edu-
cation campaigns on lung cancer.
CONTENT.—The
ommendations under subsection (a) shall in-
(1) a review and comprehensive report on
the outcomes of previous research, the sta-
research activities,
gaps related to women and lung
cancer in all agencies of the Federal Govern-
(2) specific opportunities for collaborative,
multidisciplinary, and innova-
(A) encourage innovative
approaches to
eliminate knowledge gaps in research;
environmental and genomic
factors that may be related to the etiology
of lung cancer in women; and
(C) foster advances in imaging technology
to improve risk assessment, diagnosis,
ment, and the simultaneous application of
other preventive services;
ment of a national lung cancer screening
with sufficient infrastructure and
personnel resources to expand access to such
(c) ELEMENTS.—The report required under
ticable, include an assessment of-
(1) the pervasiveness of foreign investment
in firms receiving SBIR and STTR awards,
(A) the number or percentage of those
firms that have accepted foreign investment
before receiving such an award or during the
performance of such an award; and
firms in which foreign individuals or entities
have a minority ownership stake;
(2) the extent to which SBIR and STTR
awardees are being targeted by foreign inves-
Federation, for additional funding or invest-
Phase I, Phase II, or Phase III;
(3) the extent to which former SBIR and
STTR awardees are conducting
research and product commercialization out-
(4) the extent to which SBIR and STTR
awardees are experiencing or have experi-
enced theft of Government-funded research
and development by foreign investors or ac-
(5) the extent to which existing ownership
disclosure requirements are effective in pro-
tecting Federal research and development
funds from theft or foreign transfer;
(6) the extent to which SBIR and STTR
awardees being targeted by foreign investors
poses supply chain risks and threats to the
national security of the United States;
(7) recommendations for further protecting
from foreign theft or influence; and
(8) recommendations for protecting SBIR
and STTR awardees from foreign targeting
or theft of the intellectual property of those
SA 4334. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and
WARNOCK) submitted an
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
(4) opportunities
regarding the develop-
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili- awareness campaign on women and lung can-
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 1200, "chars": 8114, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
favorable trade policies of the Government
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
of the People's Republic of China; and
tary activities of the Department of
(B) whether the Government of the Peo-
Defense, for military construction, and
ple's Republic of China is using such policies
for defense activities of
to circumvent United States trade policies.
(2) The activities conducted under the Belt
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
and Road Initiative in Africa, including in-
vestment by the Government of the People's
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle A of title XV, add
Republic of China in supply chains related to
raw materials and natural resources, com-
telecommunications,
agriculture, energy,
SEC. 1516. REPORT ON COMPETITION WITH THE
PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA AND
THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION REGARD-
ING SPACE-RELATED INVESTMENTS.
(a) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the National Space Council shall submit
to Congress a report on competition with the
People's Republic of China and the Russian
regarding space-related invest-
(3) The use by the Government of the Peo-
ple's Republic of China of resource-backed
loans for economic exploitation and depend-
Recommendations for strengthening
United States supply chains and trade rela-
tionships with beneficiary sub-Saharan Afri-
BENEFICIARY SUB-SAHARAN
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required under
subsection (a) shall include the following:
(1) A description of commercial investment
activity by the People's Republic of China
and the Russian Federation to produce tech-
nology and devices for space activities or
"beneficiary sub-Saharan African country"
has the meaning given that term in section
506A of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C.
SA 4339. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr.
ScOTT of Florida, Mr.
(2) An assessment of military-civil fusion
activities in the People's Republic of China
space-related investments.
(3) An assessment of and recommendations
States to protect domestically produced in-
tellectual property and critical technology
regarding space-related investments from ex-
transfer, and foreign theft or imi-
entities affiliated
with the Government of the People's Repub-
lic of China or the Government of the Rus-
(4) A review and assessment of the re-
search, technology,
the United States with the People's Republic
of China and the Russian Federation regard-
ing space-related investments.
(5) An interagency strategy to defend sup-
ply chains of the United States that are crit-
ical to competitiveness in space.
'(b) STANDARD TIME FOR CERTAIN STATES
-The standard time for a State
that has exempted itself from the provisions
of section 3(a) of the Uniform Time Act of
1966 (15 U.S.C. 260a(a)), as in effect on the day
before the date of the enactment of the Sun-
Protection Act of 2021,
such section or an area of a State that has
pursuant to such section shall be, as such
State considers appropriate-
'(1) the standard time for such State or
section (a) of this section; or
'(2) the standard time for such State or
area, as the case may be, pursuant to sub-
section (a) of this section as it was in effect
on the day before the date of the enactment
of the Sunshine Protection Act of 2021.".
(3) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The first sec-
tion of the Act of March 19, 1918 (commonly
known as the "Calder Act"') (15 U.S.C. 261) is
further amended, in the second sentence, by
"Except as provided in section 3(a)
of the Uniform Time Act of 1966 (15 U.S.C.
and inserting "Except as pro-
amendments made by this section
fect on November 6, 2022.
intended to be proposed to amendment
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
appropriations for
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy,
strengths for such fiscal year, and for
other purposes; which was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
SEC. 1064. MAKING DAYLIGHT SAVING TIME PER-
TITLE.—This section may be
cited as the "Sunshine Protection Act of
(b) REPEAL OF TEMPORARY PERIOD FOR DAY-
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
form Time Act of 1966 (15 U.S.C. 260a) is here-
(C) ADVANCEMENT OF STANDARD TIME.-
GENERAL.—The second sentence of
subsection (a) of the first section of the Act
of March 19, 1918 (commonly
"Calder Act") (15 U.S.C. 261), is amended-
(A) by striking '4 hours"
and inserting '3
(B) by striking '5 hours" and inserting "4
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, ada
(C) by striking "6 hours" and inserting "5
(D) by striking "7 hours' and inserting '6
SEC. 1253. REPORT ON TRADE POLICIES OF PEO-
PLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA WITH RE-
SPECT TO AFRICA.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the United States Trade Representative shall
submit to Congress a report on the trade
policies of the Government of the People's
Republic of China with respect to Africa.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include an assessment of the
(E) by striking "8 hours" and inserting 'by
(F) by striking "9 hours" and inserting "8
(G) by striking "10 hours;" and inserting "9
(H) by striking "11 hours"
"10 hours"; and
(I) by striking '10 hours." and inserting
(1) The use by the Government of the Peo-
ple's Republic of China of preferential duty
treatment for goods imported into the Peo-
ple's Republic of China from beneficiary sub-
Saharan African countries, including-
(A) the extent to which beneficiary sub-Sa-
haran African countries obtain the benefit of lowing:
(2) STATE EXEMPTION.—The first section of
the Act of March 19, 1918 (commonly known
as the "Calder Act"') (15 U.S.C. 261) is further
(A) redesignating
section (c); and
(B) inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title VI, add the following:
COMPENSATION FOR DEPENDENTS
OF MEMBERS SEPARATED FOR DE-
ACTIONS.—Sub-
section (b) of section 1059 of title 10, United
(1) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking "; or"
and inserting a semicolon;
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and
(3) by adding at the end the following new
'(A) convicted of a dependent-abuse
fense in a district court of the United States
or a state court; and
'(B) separated from active duty pursuant
to a sentence of a court-martial, or adminis-
tratively separated, voluntarily or involun-
tarily, from active duty, for an offense other
than the dependent-abuse offense; or
'(A) accused but not convicted of a depend-
'(B) determined, as a result of a review by
the commander of the member and based on
a preponderance of evidence, to have com-
mitted the dependent-abuse offense; and
'(C) required to forfeit all pay and allow-
ances pursuant to a sentence of a court-mar-
tial for an offense other than the dependent-
(b) RECIPIENTS OF PAYMENTS.—Subsection
(d) of such section is amended —
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking "resulting
in the separation' and inserting
(2) in paragraph (4)-
(A) by striking "determined as of the date"
and inserting the following: 'determined—

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 1220, "chars": 7974, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(B) by striking "offense or, in a case" and
inserting the following: "offense;
"(B) in a case";
(C) by striking the period at the end and
(D) by adding at the end the following new
case described in subsection
'(i) the first date on which the individual
is held in pretrial confinement relating to
the dependent-abuse offense of which the in-
dividual is accused after the 7-day review of
confinement
305(i)(2) of the Rules for Courts-Martial; or
'(ii) the date on which a review by a com-
mander of the individual determines there is
probable cause that the individual has com-
section (e)(1) of such section is amended-—
(1) in subparagraph (A)—
(A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by
inserting after "offense" the following:
an offense described in subsection (b)(3)(B)';
(B) in clause (ii), by striking "; and" and
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
SEC. 1023. NOTIFICATION TO CONGRESS AND
COASTAL STATES OF PENDING AC-
TION TO STRIKE FROM THE NAVAL
VESSEL REGISTER NAVAL VESSELS
THAT ARE VIABLE CANDIDATES FOR
ARTIFICIAL REEFING.
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
should explore and solicit artificial reefing
opportunities with appropriate
any naval vessel planned for retirement be-
fore initiating any plans to dispose of the
(b) NOTIFICATION.—Not later than 90 days
before the date on which a naval vessel that
is a viable candidate for artificial reefing is
stricken from the Naval Vessel Reg-
ister, the Secretary of the Navy shall notify
Congress and the appropriate agency of each
coastal State of such pending action.
(C) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) APPROPRIATE AGENCY.—The term
propriate agency" with respect to a coastal
State has designated to administer an artifi-
cial reef program.
COASTAL STATE.—The term "coastal
(A) means any one of the States of Ala-
bama, Alaska, California, Connecticut, Dela-
(A) by striking
"(if the basis' and all that
(B) by striking the period at the end and
(3) by adding at the end the following new
'(C) in the case of a member described in
subsection (b)(4), shall commence
"(i) the first date on which the member is
held in pretrial confinement relating to the
dependent-abuse offense of which the mem-
ber is accused after the 7-day review of pre-
trial confinement required by Rule 305(i)(2)
of the Rules for Courts-Martial; or
"(ii) the date on which a review by a com-
mander of the member determines there is
probable cause that the member has com-
mitted that offense.".
(d) DEFINITION OF DEPENDENT CHILD.—Sub-
section (1) of such section is amended, in the
matter preceding paragraph (1)-
(1) by striking
"resulting in the separation
of the former member or' and inserting "re-
ferred to in subsection (b) or"; and
(2) by striking
"resulting in the separation
of the
former member and'
and inserting
"and'.
(e) DELEGATION OF DETERMINATIONS RELAT-
ING TO EXCEPTIONAL ELIGIBILITY.—Subsection
(m)(4) of such section is amended to read as
'(4) The Secretary concerned may delegate
the authority under paragraph (1) to author-
ize eligibility for benefits under this section
for dependents and former dependents of a
member or former member to the first gen-
eral or flag officer (or civilian equivalent) in
the chain of command of the member.".
SA 4341. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and
Mr. WICKER) submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to amendment
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
authorize appropriations for
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy.
strengths for such fiscal year, and for
other purposes; which was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle C of title X, add the
sissippi, New Hampshire,
York, North Carolina, Oregon, Rhode Island,
Texas, Virginia, and Wash-
(B) includes the Commonwealth of Puerto
wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.
SA 4342. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr.
Scott of Florida, and Mr. BRAUN) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year, and for other purposes;
which was ordered to lie on the table;
as follows:
November 4, 2021
SA 4344. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and
Mr. ScoTT of Florida) submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
• MORATORIUM ON OIL AND GAS
LEASING OFF THE COASTS OF THE
STATES OF FLORIDA, GEORGIA, AND
Section 104 of the Gulf of Mexico Energy
Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note; Pub-
lic Law 109-432) is amended-
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1),
"June 30, 2022"
"June 30, 2032";
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking "or" after
(C) in paragraph (3)(B)(iii), by striking the
period at the end and inserting a semicolon;
(D) by adding at the end the following:
'(4) any area in the South Atlantic Plan-
ning Area (as designated by the Bureau of
Ocean Energy Management as of the date of
enactment of this paragraph); or
Straits of Florida
Planning Area (as designated by the Bureau
of Ocean Energy Management as of the date
of enactment of this paragraph)."; and
(2) by adding at the end the following:
'(d) EFFECT ON CERTAIN LEASES.—The mor-
atoria under paragraphs (4) and (5) of sub-
leases in effect on the date of enactment of
SA 4343. Mr. RUBIO submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department of
for military construction, and
defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
PROHIBITION ON USE BY
LIGENCE COMMUNITY OF FOREIGN
No element of the intelligence community
(as defined in section 3 of the National Secu-
rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) may estab-
lish or maintain an official account of the
element on any foreign owned or foreign-
based high-risk social media
platform
for
purposes of conducting official business of
the element.
withstanding subsection (a),
may issue leases in areas described in that
subsection
for
environmental conservation
purposes, including
the
purposes
of shore
protection, beach nourishment and restora-
tion, wetlands restoration, and habitat pro-
tection."
SA 4345. Mr. RUBIO submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted bv Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department
of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel
strengths
for such
fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title XII, add the following:
Subtitle H-Protecting Central American
Women and Children
SEC. 1291. SHORT TITLE.
This subtitle may be cited as the "Central
American
Women and Children Protection
Act of 2021'
SEC. 1292. WOMEN AND CHILDREN PROTECTION
COMPACTS.
(a) AUTHORIZATION TO ENTER INTO COM-
PACTS.—The Secretary of State, in coordina-
tion with the Administrator of the United
States
Agency for International Develop-
ment, is authorized to enter into multi-year,

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 1166, "chars": 7928, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
bilateral agreements of not longer than 6 to be made available directly to the Govern-
years in duration, developed in conjunction
with the governments of El Salvador, Guate-
Guatemala, or the Government of Honduras.
mala, and Honduras (referred to in this sub-
"'Compact Countries''). Such agree-
ments shall be known as Women and Chil-
dren Protection Compacts (referred to in this
Compact may be suspended or terminated,
with respect to a country or an entity re-
ceiving assistance pursuant to the Compact,
Each Compact shall—
(1) set out the shared goals and objectives
of the United States and the government of
or entity has failed to
sufficient progress towards the goals of the
(2) be aimed at strengthening the Compact
(A) to strengthen criminal justice and civil
court systems to protect women and children
and serve victims of domestic violence, sex-
tation and neglect, and hold perpetrators ac-
(B) to secure, create, and sustain safe com-
munities, building on best practices to pre-
vent and deter violence against women and
(C) to ensure that schools are safe and pro-
mote the prevention and early detection of
domestic abuse against women and children
(D) to enhance security within areas expe-
based and drug-related or similar criminal
violence against women and children.
(C) BRIEFING.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
Secretary of State and the Administrator of
the United States Agency for International
Development shall provide a briefing to the
congressional committees listed in section
1293 regarding—
(1) the data and information collected pur-
(2) the steps taken to protect and assist
of domestic violence,
lence, trafficking, and child exploitation and
establish a 3- to 6-year cooperative
strategy and assistance plan for achieving
the shared goals and objectives articulated
in such Compact;
(2) be informed by the assessments of-
(A) the areas within the Compact Country
the highest incidence of vio-
lence against women and children;
(B) the ability of women and children to
access protection and obtain effective judi-
cial relief; and
(C) the judicial capacity to respond to re-
femicide, sexual and domestic violence, and
child exploitation and neglect, and to hold
of such criminal acts ac-
(3) seek to address the driving forces of vio-
lence against women and children,
constraints to inclusive economic growth
(4) identify clear and measurable goals, ob-
jectives, and benchmarks under the Compact
against women and children;
(5) set out clear roles, responsibilities, and
include a description of the anticipated pol-
icy and financial commitments of the cen-
tral government of the Compact Country;
tributions and complementary programming
by other donors;
(7) include a description of the metrics and
indicators to monitor and measure progress
toward achieving the goals, objectives, and
benchmarks under the Compact,
reductions in the prevalence of femicide, sex-
abuse and neglect;
(8) provide for the conduct of an impact
evaluation not later than 1 year after the
conclusion of the Compact; and
(9) provide for a full accounting of all funds
expended under the Compact, which shall in-
the Inspector General of the Department of
State, the Office of the Inspector General of
the United States Agency for International
Development, and the Government Account-
ability Office, as appropriate.
(d) FUNDING LIMITATION.—Compacts may
not provide for any United States assistance
Compacts under this subtitle shall expire on
SEC. 1293. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION.
Not later than 15 days before entering into
a Compact with the Government of Guate-
the Government of Honduras,
Government of El Salvador, the Secretary of
trator of the United States Agency for Inter-
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-
ate, the Committee on Appropriations of the
Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of
the House of Representatives, and the Com-
on Appropriations of the House of
(1) a copy of the proposed Compact;
(2) a detailed summary of the cooperative
strategy and assistance plan required under
(3) a copy of any annexes, appendices, or
implementation plans related to the Com-
SEC. 1294. COMPACT PROGRESS REPORTS AND
(a) PROGRESS REPORT.—Not later than 1
year after entering into a Compact, and an-
Secretary of State, in coordination with the
Administrator of the United States Agency
for International Development, shall submit
to the congressional committees
that describes
progress made under the Compact.
-The report submitted under
subsection (a) shall include-
(1) analysis and information on the overall
women and children in El Salvador, Guate-
mala, and Honduras, including by using sur-
vivor surveys, regardless of whether or not
these acts of violence are reported to govern-
(2) analysis and information on incidences
of gender-based violence against
women and children reported to the authori-
Guatemala, and Hon-
duras, and the percentage of alleged per-
investigated, apprehended, pros-
(3) analysis and information on the capac-
ity and resource allocation of child welfare
Honduras to protect unaccompanied
SA 4346. Mr.
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
SEC. 1064. CUBA DEMOCRACY PROGRAMS.
There is authorized to be appropriated
$30,000,000 for the Department of State to
carry out activities to promote
and strengthen United States policy toward
Cuba. No funds so appropriated may be obli-
gated for business promotion, economic re-
form, entrepreneurship, or any other assist-
ance that is not democracy-building, as ex-
pressly authorized in the Cuban Liberty and
Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C.
6021 et seq.) and the Cuban Democracy Act of
1992 (22 U.S.C. 6001 et seq.).
SA 4347. Mr. RUBIO submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add
SCREENING UNDER DEVELOPMENT
against women and children cases reaching
(5) a baseline and percentage changes in
women and children victims receiving legal
(6) a baseline and percentage changes in
school retention rates;
violence against women and
(8) a baseline and changes in capacity of
justice, protection, and other relevant min-
istries to support survivors of gender-based
violence against women and children; and
funded programs, including compliance with
terms of the Compacts by El Salvador,
temala, and Honduras, and by the recipients
(a) INCREASE.—The amount authorized to
be appropriated for fiscal year 2022 by sec-
tion 201 for research, development, test, and
evaluation is hereby increased by $4,500,000,
with the amount of the increase to be avail-
able for Advanced Component Development
& Prototypes, Research, Development,
and Evaluation, Defense-Wide, for the Chem-
ical and Biological Defense Program-DEM/
VAL, line 82 of the table in section 4201, for
measures Against Novel Entities program of
pounds approved by the Food and Drug Ad-
ministration, and other human-safe
candidates for repurposing as medical coun-
(commonly known as "COVID-19") and other
novel and emerging biological threats.

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 779, "chars": 5415, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(b) OFFSET.—The amount authorized to be
appropriated for fiscal year 2022 by section
301 for operation and maintenance is hereby
decreased by $4,500,000, with the amount of
the reduction to be derived from Admin and
Servicewide Activities, Operations and Main-
Defense-Wide, for Defense
Activity, line 370 of the table in section 4301.
4348. Mr. RUBIO submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities
the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add
SEC. 1283. FOREIGN INFLUENCE TRANSPARENCY.
(a) SHORT TITLE.—This section may be
EXEMPTION FROM FOREIGN
AGENT REGISTRATION REQUIREMENT FOR PER-
IN ACTIVITIES IN FURTHER-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
'(D) to the Committee on Education and
Labor of the House of Representatives."; and
(G) in subsection (i), as redesignated-
(i) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-
graph (A) to read as follows:
'(A) a foreign government, including
'(i) any agency of a
foreign government,
and any other unit of foreign governmental
State, local, and municipal government;
"(ii) any international or multinational or-
ganization whose membership is composed of
any unit of foreign government described in
'(iii) any agent or representative of any
such unit or such organization, while acting
(ii) in paragraph (3), by inserting before the
semicolon at the end the following: ", or the
fair market value of an in-kind gift".
(2) EFFECT OF NONCOMPLIANCE WITH DISCLO-
—Any institution of high-
er education (as defined in section 101of the
Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001))
that is not in compliance with the disclosure
requirements set forth in section 117 of such
Act (20 U.S.C. 1011f) shall be ineligible to en-
roll foreign students under the Student and
DATE.—The amendments
made by paragraph (1) shall apply with re-
spect to gifts received or contracts or agree-
November 4, 2021
"(E)
Increasing
protection
of
human
rights, expanding the rule of law, and pro-
moting the peace process.";
(2) in subsection (c), in the matter
pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking "2022" and
inserting 2026''; and
(3) by adding at the end the following new
subsection:
'(h) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.-
There is authorized
to
be appropriated
$461,400,000
for
each
Of
fiscal
through 2026 to
years
2022
support the campaign de-
scribed in subsection (a)."
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.
(1) IN
GENERAL.-
-Not later than 60
days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
President shall
submit to the appro-
priate congressional committees a report on
the policy and strategy of the United States,
as of the date on which the report is sub-
mitted,
regarding
United
States
counter-
narcotics assistance for Colombia.
ELEMENTS.—The
report
required by
paragraph (1) shall address the following:
(A) The key objectives of the strategy de-
scribed in paragraph (1) and a detailed de-
scription of benchmarks by which to meas-
ure progress toward those objectives.
(B) The
actions required of the United
States to support and achieve the objectives
described in subparagraph (A) and a schedule
and cost estimates for implementing such
actions.
(C) The role of the United States in the ef-
forts of the Government of Colombia to deal
with illegal drug production in Colombia.
(D) The role of the United States in the ef-
forts of the Government of Colombia to deal
with the insurgency and covered organiza-
tions in Colombia.
(E) How the strategy described in para-
graph (1) relates to and affects the strategy
of the United States in countries
neigh-
boring Colombia.
(F) How the strategy described in para-
graph (1) relates to and affects the strategy
of the United States for fulfilling
global
counternarcotics goals.
(G) A strategy and schedule for providing
material, technical, and logistical support to
Colombia and neighboring countries in order
(i) defend the rule of law; and
(ii) more effectively impede the cultiva-
tion, production, transit, and sale of illicit
narcotics.
(H) A schedule for making forward oper-
ating locations in Colombia
fully oper-
ational, including-
(i) cost estimates;
(ii) a description of the potential capabili-
ties for each proposed location; and
(iii) an explanation of how the design of
the forward operating locations fits into the
strategy described in paragraph (1).
(3) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection:
(A) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
TEES.—The term "appropriate congressional
committees" means-
the Committee
on Foreign Relations
and the Committee on Appropriations of the
Senate; and
(ii) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
the Committee on
Appropriations
of
the
House of Representatives.
COVERED
ORGANIZATION.—The
term
"covered organization" has
the
meaning
given that term in section 1021(a) of the Ron-
ald W. Reagan National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108-
375; 118 Stat. 2042), as most recently amended
by section 1021 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public
Law 116-92; 133 Stat. 1577).
SA 4350. Mr. RUBIO submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 1235, "chars": 8187, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
INVESTMENT OF THRIFT SAVINGS
Section 8438 of title 5, United States Code,
is amended by adding at the end the fol-
'(i)(1) In this subsection—
'(A) the term 'PCAOB' means the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board; and
"(B) the term 'registered public accounting
firm' has the meaning given the term in sec-
tion 2(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15
'(2) Notwithstanding any other provision
of this section, no sums in the Thrift Savings
Fund may be invested in any security that is
listed on an exchange in a jurisdiction in
the PCAOB is prevented from con-
ducting a complete inspection or investiga-
tion of a registered public accounting firm
Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7214, 7215), respec-
tively, because of a position taken by an au-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
SA 4352. Mr. RUBIO submitted an
subsection (b)(1)(C) of the American Finan-
amendment intended to be proposed to
cial Markets Integrity and
Security Act.".
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
(II) in section 13(c)(1) (15 U.S.C. 80a-
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
(aa) in subparagraph (A), by striking "or'
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for
such fiscal
(bb) in subparagraph (B), by striking the
period at the end and inserting "or"; and
(cc) by adding at the end the following:
'(C) are covered entities, as that term is
defined in section 12(d)(4)(B)."
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
made by clause (i) shall take effect on the
date that is 1 year after the date of enact-
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
(C) FEDERAL FUNDS.
• INTEGRITY AND SECURITY OF FINAN-
clause (ii), on and after the date that is 180
days after the date of enactment of this Act,
no Federal funds may be used to enter into,
extend, or renew a contract or purchasing
agreement with a covered entity.
-The head of a Federal agency
may issue a national security waiver to the
prohibition in clause (i) for a period of not
more than 2 years with respect to a covered
entity if the agency head submits to
gress a notification that includes —
(I) a written justification for the waiver;
(II) a plan for a phase-out of the goods or
services provided by the covered entity.
"(3) The Board shall consult with the Secu-
rities and Exchange Commission on a bien-
nial basis in order to ensure compliance with
paragraph (2).".
SA 4351. Mr. RUBIO submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add
SEC. 1253. EXPANSION OF ENTITIES OF THE PEO-
PLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA SUBJECT
UNDER THE INTERNATIONAL EMER-
GENCY ECONOMIC POWERS ACT.
Section 1237 of the Strom Thurmond Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal
Year 1999 (Public Law 105-261; 50 U.S.C. 1701
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking '(other
than authorities relating to importation)";
cited as the American Financial Markets
Integrity and Security Act"
COMMUNIST CHINESE MILITARY COMPANIES.—
(1) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection:
(A) COMMISSION.—The term "Commission"
means the Securities and Exchange Commis-
(B) CoNTROL;
COMPANY.-The
"control" and "insurance company"
have the meanings given the terms in
tion 2(a) of the Investment Company Act of
1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-2(a)).
(i) IN GENERAL.—The term "covered enti-
(I) means an entity on-
(aa) the list of Communist Chinese mili-
tary companies required by section 1237(b) of
the Strom Thurmond National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public
Law 105-261; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note); or
(bb) the entity list maintained by the Bu-
reau of Industry and Security of the Depart-
ment of Commerce and set forth in Supple-
ment No. 4 to part 744 of title 15, Code of
Federal Regulations; and
(II) includes a parent, subsidiary, or affil-
iate of, or an entity controlled by, an entity
(ii) GRACE PERIOD.—For the
this section, and the amendments made by
this section, an entity shall be considered to
be a covered entity beginning on the date
that is 1 year after the date on which the en-
tity first qualifies under the applicable pro-
SECURITY.—The terms "ex-
and "security"
have the meanings
given those terms in section 3(a) of the Secu-
rities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)).
ON EXCHANGE.—Beginning on
the date that is 1 year after the date
prohibit a covered entity from offering
sell or selling
on an exchange (or through
any other method that is within the jurisdic-
tion of the Commission to regulate, includ-
ing through the method of trading that is
(i) IN GENERAL.—On and after the date of
enactment of this Act, an insurance com-
pany may not invest in a covered entity.
(ii) CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE.—
shall, on an annual basis, submit to the Sec-
retary of the
a certification
(II) RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE SECRETARY.—
The Secretary of the Treasury shall create a
form for the submission required under sub-
clause (1) in such a manner that minimizes
the reporting burden on an insurance com-
pany making the submission.
(iii) SHARING INFORMATION.—The Secretary
of the Treasury, acting through the Federal
Insurance Office, shall share the information
received under
verification of compliance with State insur-
(A) IN GENERAL.—Subsection (a) of section
401 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is
the following new paragraph:
'(39) PROHIBITED INVESTMENTS.—A
which is part of a plan shall not be treated as
a qualified trust under this subsection unless
the plan provides that no part of the plan's
assets will be invested in any covered entity
defined in section 12(d)(6)(B) of the In-
vestment Company Act of 1940).".
-Paragraph (3) of section 408(a)
of such Code is amended by striking "con-
(A) by striking clause (i) and inserting the
following new clause (i):
with, or otherwise shares common purpose or
relevant characteristics with, the
Liberation Army or a ministry of the gov-
or that is owned or controlled by an entity
affiliated with or that otherwise shares com-
mon purpose or relevant characteristics with
technology sector of the People's Republic of
China; and'; and
(B) in clause (ii) by inserting 'research and
development," after "services,
issued by the covered entity, including pur-
suant to an exemption to section 5 of the Se-
curities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77e).
(B) INVESTMENTS; LIMITATION ON ACTIONS.
The Investment Company
Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-1 et seq.) is amend-
(I) in section 12(d) (15 U.S.C. 80a-12(d)), by
adding at the end the following:
'(4)(A) It shall be unlawful for any invest-
ment company, or any person that would be
an investment company but for the applica-
tion of paragraph (1) or (7) of section 3(c), to
invest in a covered entity.
the term 'covered
entity' has the meaning given the term in
12(d)(6)(B) of the Investment Company Act of
DUTY.—Section 404 of the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1104) is amended by adding
at the end the following new subsection:
PROHIBITED INVESTMENTS.—No
ciary shall cause any assets of a plan to be
invested in any covered entity (as defined in
section 12(d)(6)(B) of the Investment Com-
pany Act of 1940(15 U.S.C. 80a-12(d)(6)(B))).".
clause (ii), the amendments made by
paragraph shall apply to plan years begin-
ning after the date which is 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act.

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 1267, "chars": 8162, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(ii) PLAN AMENDMENTS.—If clause (iii) ap-
any retirement plan or contract
(I) such plan or contract shall not fail to be
treated as being operated in accordance with
the terms of the plan during the period de-
scribed in clause (iii)(II) solely because the
plan operates in accordance with the amend-
ments made by this subsection, and
(II) except as provided by the Secretary of
the Treasury (or the Secretary's delegate),
such plan or contract shall not fail to meet
requirements of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986 or the Employee Retirement In-
come Security Act of 1974 by reason of such
(iil) AMENDMENTS TO WHICH PARAGRAPH AP-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(3) in paragraph (4), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking "mak-
ing the determination required by paragraph
(1) and of carrying out paragraph (2)" and in-
OF FINANCIAL AMBITIONS OF
THE GOVERNMENT OF THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC
(1) ANALYSIS REQUIRED.—The Director of
of Commercial
and Economic
Analysis of the Air Force shall conduct an
(A) the strategic importance to the Gov-
ernment of the People's Republic of China of
inflows of United States dollars through cap-
any amendment to any plan or annuity con-
(aa) is made pursuant to the provisions of
(bb) is made on or before the last day of
the first plan year beginning on or after the
date which is 2 years after the date of the en-
actment of this Act (4 years after such date
of enactment, in the case of a governmental
(B) the methods by which that Government
seeks to manage such inflows;
(C) how the inclusion of the securities of
Chinese entities in stock or bond indexes af-
fects such inflows and serves the financial
ambitions of that Government; and
(D) how the listing of the securities of Chi-
on
(i) meeting the strategic goals of that Gov-
ernment, including defense, surveillance, and
intelligence goals; and
(ii) the fusion of the civilian and military
components of that Government.
(2) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS.—The Director
of the Office of Commercial and Economic
Analysis of the Air Force shall submit to
(A) setting forth the results of the analysis
conducted under paragraph (1); and
(B) based on that analysis, making rec-
ommendations for best practices to mitigate
any national security and economic risks to
the United States relating to the financial
ambitions of the Government of the People's
November 4, 2021
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add
SEC. 1210. SECURITY ASSISTANCE FOR COLOM-
(a) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It is the policy
(1) to build the capacity of the navy of Co-
lombia for interoperability with—
(B) member countries of the North Atlan-
tic Treaty Organization; and
(C) other Colombian security partners; and
(2) to bolster the ability of the military
forces of Colombia to export maritime secu-
rity to Central American partner countries.
There is authorized to be appropriated for
fiscal year 2022 for the Department of De-
(1) $20,000,000 for Foreign Military Financ-
ing assistance to Colombia for the procure-
ment and sustainment of
additional alu-
minum-hull riverine vessels
personnel on the use of such vessels;
(2) $10,000,000 for the acquisition by Colom-
bia of man-portable vertical lift unmanned
and reconnaissance support for riverine and
(3) $10,000,000 to equip the marines of Co-
lombia with Falcon-III radios for the purpose
of supporting interoperable radio and data
(C) PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS.—None of
the funds made available by this Act or any
other Act may be made available for
apply to any amendment unless-
(aa) during the period beginning on the
date which is 180 days after the date of the
date described in subclause (I)(bb) (or, if ear-
lier, the date the plan or contract amend-
ment is adopted), the plan or contract is op-
erated as if such plan or contract amend-
(bb) such plan or contract amendment ap-
plies retroactively for such period.
(iv) SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS.-
lar to the rules of clauses (ii) and (iii) shall
apply in the case of any amendment to any
plan or annuity contract made pursuant to
any update of the list of Communist Chinese
1237(b) of the Strom Thurmond National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999
(Public Law 105-261; 50 U.S.C.
which is made after the effective date of the
amendments made by this paragraph.
(C) MODIFICATION OF
REQUIREMENTS FOR
LIST OF COMMUNIST CHINESE MILITARY COM-
-Section 1237(b) of the Strom Thur-
mond National Defense Authorization
for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public Law 105-261; 50
U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended-
(1) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting
"(2) REVISIONS TO THE LIST.—
"(A) ADDITIONS.—The Secretary of Defense,
the Secretary of Commerce, or the Director
of National Intelligence may add a person to
list required by paragraph
'(B) REMOVALS.—A person may be removed
from the list required by paragraph (1) if the
Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Com-
merce, and the Director of National Intel-
ligence agree to remove the person from the
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add
SEC. 1283. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR
(a) IN GENERAL.—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated or otherwise made
available by this Act may be made available
to provide transportation for any United
States officer or official to attend, on official
Government business, the 2022 Olympic and
Paralympic Winter Games in the People's
Republic of China.
this section may be construed to limit the
authorization of appropriations to provide
GRESS.—Not later than February 1 of each
year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a
version of the list required in paragraph (1),
updated to include any additions or removals
under this paragraph, to the committees and
officers specified in paragraph (1).";
(2) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting
"(3) CONSULTATION.-In carrying out para-
graphs (1) and (2), the Secretary of Defense,
the Secretary of Commerce, and the Director
of National Intelligence shall consult with
each other, the Attorney
Director of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-
States athlete or associated support staff of
the United States Olympic and Paralympic
SA 4354. Mr. RUBIO submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
Liberacion Nacional (commonly known as
ignated as a foreign terrorist
under section 219(a) of the Immigration and
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)).
SA 4355. Mr. RUBIO submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the
SEC. 1004. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS
FOR THE OFFICE OF CUBA BROAD-
There is authorized to be appropriated to
the United States Agency for Global Media
not less than $29,144,000 for fiscal year 2022
for the Office of Cuba Broadcasting, of which
not less than $3,000,000 should be used—
Internet services to the people of Cuba to
give them unfettered access to the open
(2) to create an access point for the sat-
ellite broadband through a Radio Televisión
Marti website that acts as a news aggregator
rather than solely serving as a content pro-

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 1171, "chars": 8031, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(3) to provide firewall circumvention tools
to the people of Cuba.
4356. Mr. RUBIO submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the
SEC. 1004. UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL DE-
TION FIELD OFFICES.
Act of 2018 (22 U.S.C. 9612) is amended by add-
ing at the end the following:
"(d) FIELD OFFICES.—The Chief Executive
Officer of the Corporation shall establish
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(4) MATERIAL SUPPORT.—The term 'mate-
rial support"
term 'material support or resources' in sec-
tion 2339A of title 18, United States Code.
PERSON.—The
term
'United States person" means-
(A) a United States citizen or an alien law-
admitted for permanent residence to
organized under the laws of
United States or of any jurisdiction
within the United States, including a foreign
SEC. 1293. STATEMENT OF POLICY.
It is the policy of the United States-
(1) to prevent Hamas, the Palestinian Is-
lamic Jihad, or any affiliate or successor
thereof from accessing its international sup-
Hamas, the Palestinian Is-
lamic Jihad, or any affiliate or successor
smuggle weapons and other materials to fur-
SEC. 1294. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-
SPECT TO FOREIGN PERSONS AND
"(1) to amplify regional engagement and
the execution of programs to catalyze United
States private sector investment; and
"(2) to help expand economic opportunities
with allies and partners in Latin America
and the Caribbean.".
(b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—
There is authorized to be appropriated
fiscal $10,000,000 to the United States Inter-
national Development Finance Corporation
for the purpose of establishing field offices in
strategic locations, including
engagement in the Western
PORTING HAMAS, THE PALESTINIAN
agency or instrumentality of a foreign state
in a report pursuant to paragraph (1)(B) if—
(i) the foreign person or agency or instru-
mentality of a foreign state notifies
United States Government in advance that it
action described in that paragraph; and
(ii) the President determines and notifies
the appropriate congressional committees in
a classified form not less than 15 days prior
to the foreign person or agency or instru-
mentality of a foreign state engaging in the
significant transaction that the significant
transaction is in the national interests of
(B) NON-APPLICABILITY.—Subparagraph (A)
shall not apply with respect to-
(i) an agency or instrumentality of a for-
eign state that the Secretary of State deter-
mines has repeatedly provided support for
acts of international terrorism pursuant to
section 1754(c) of the Export Controls Act of
2018 (50 U.S.C. 4813(c)), section 40 of the Arms
Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780), section
620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22
U.S.C. 2371), or any other provision of law; or
in paragraph (1)(B) that involves, directly or
indirectly, a foreign state described in clause
(b) IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS.-
(1) IN GENERAL.—The President shall im-
pose two or more of the sanctions described
in paragraph (2) with respect to
person or an agency or instrumentality of a
SA 4357. Mr. RUBIO submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department
Defense, for military construction, and
of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title XII, add the following:
Subtitle H—Palestinian International
Terrorism Support Prevention
This subtitle may be cited as the "Pales-
tinian International Terrorism Support Pre-
vention Act of 2021".
Except as otherwise provided, in this sub-
(1) ADMITTED.—The term "admitted" has
101(a)(13)(A) of the Immigration and Nation-
ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(13)(A)).
APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
tees" means the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate and the Committee on
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-
FOREIGN PERSON.—The term
person" means
individual who is not a United
States person; or
corporation, partnership,
nongovernmental entity that is not a United
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
thereafter for the following 3
years, the President shall submit to the ap-
propriate congressional committees a report
that identifies each foreign person or agency
(A) knowingly assists in, sponsors, or pro-
vides significant financial or material sup-
or financial or other services to or
in support of, the terrorist activities of any
person described in paragraph (2); or
(B) directly or indirectly, knowingly and
(2) PERSON DESCRIBED.—A person described
in this paragraph is a foreign person that the
(A) is a senior member of Hamas, the Pal-
(B) is a senior member of a foreign ter-
rorist organization designated pursuant to
section 219 of the Immigration and Nation-
ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189) whose members di-
rectly or indirectly support the terrorist ac-
the Palestinian Islamic
Jihad, or any affiliate or successor thereof
transaction with,
material support for Hamas, the Palestinian
Islamic Jihad, or any affiliate
thereof, or any person described in subpara-
(C) directly or indirectly supports the ter-
rorist activities of Hamas,
Islamic Jihad, or any affiliate or successor
thereof by knowingly and materially assist-
ing, sponsoring, or providing financial or ma-
terial support for, or goods or services to or
support of, Hamas,
lamic Jihad, or any affiliate or successor
thereof, or any person described in subpara-
(3) FORM OF REPORT.—Each report required
under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-
classified form, but may contain a classified
(4) EXCEPTION.-
(A) IN GENERAL.—The President shall not
be required to identify a foreign person or an
SANCTIONS DESCRIBED.—The
ith respect to a foreign person or an agen
or instrumentality of a foreign state are the
(A) The President may direct the Export-
Import Bank of the United States not to give
approval to the issuance of any guarantee,
insurance, extension of credit, or participa-
tion in the extension of credit in connection
export of any goods or services to
the foreign person or agency or instrumen-
tality of a foreign state, and the Export-Im-
port Bank of the United States shall comply
with any such direction.
(B) The President may prohibit the sale of
any defense articles, defense services, or de-
Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et
seq.) to the foreign person or agency or in-
strumentality of a foreign state.
issuance of licenses for export of any item on
the United States Munitions List under sec-
tion 38(a)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act
(22 U.S.C. 2778(a)(1)) that include the foreign
person or agency or instrumentality of a for-
(D) The President may prohibit the export
of any goods or technologies controlled for
national security reasons under the Export
chapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of
Federal Regulations, to the foreign person or
agency or instrumentality of a foreign state,
except that such prohibition shall not apply
to any transaction subject to the reporting
requirements of title V of the National Secu-
rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.).
(E) The President may prohibit any United
loans or providing any credit or financing to-
taling more than $10,000,000 to the
person or agency or instrumentality of a for-
that this subparagraph
(i) any transaction subject to the reporting
requirements of title V of the National Secu-
rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.);
(ii) the provision of medicines,
equipment, and humanitarian assistance; or

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 1332, "chars": 9035, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(iii) any credit, credit guarantee, or finan-
cial assistance provided by the Department
of Agriculture
support the purchase of
food or other agricultural commodities.
(F) The President may exercise all powers
national Emergency Economic Powers Act
(50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (except that the re-
quirements of section 202 of such Act (50
1701) shall not apply) to the extent
necessary to block and prohibit all trans-
actions in all property and interests in prop-
erty of a foreign person or agency or instru-
mentality of a foreign state if such property
and interests in property are in the United
United States,
are or come within the possession or control
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
or instrumentality of a foreign state identi-
fied pursuant to subsection (a) is in addition
to the authority to impose sanctions under
any other provision of law with respect to
foreign persons or agencies or instrumental-
ities of foreign states that directly or indi-
rectly support international terrorism.
(f) AGENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY OF A FOR-
term "agency or instrumentality of a foreign
state" has the meaning given that term in
section 1603(b) of title 28, United
EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section
take effect on the date of the enactment of
this Act and apply with respect to activities
and transactions described in subsection (a)
that are carried out on or after such date of
SEC. 1295. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-
SPECT TO FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS
THAT PROVIDE MATERIAL SUPPORT
FOR THE TERRORIST ACTIVITIES OF
HAMAS, THE PALESTINIAN ISLAMIC
JIHAD, OR ANY AFFILIATE OR SUC-
required to apply sanctions under this sub-
section with respect to a foreign person or an
agency or instrumentality of a foreign state
identified pursuant to subsection (a) if the
President certifies in writing to the appro-
priate congressional committees that-
(A) the foreign person or agency or instru-
(i) is no longer carrying out activities or
transactions for which the sanctions were to
(ii) has taken and is continuing to take
significant verifiable steps
which the sanctions were to be imposed; and
(B) the President has received reliable as-
surances from the foreign person or agency
or instrumentality that it will not carry out
sanctions may be imposed under this sub-
(1) IN GENERAL.—The penalties provided for
in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the
International Emergency Economic Powers
Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a person
that knowingly violates, attempts to violate,
conspires to violate, or causes a violation of
regulations prescribed under section 1298(b)
to carry out subsection (b)(2)(F) to the same
extent that such penalties apply to a person
that knowingly commits an unlawful act de-
scribed in section 206(a) of that Act.
(2) AUTHORITIES.—The President may exer-
cise all authorities provided to the President
national Emergency Economic Powers
(50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) for purposes of car-
rying out subsection (b)(2)(F).
(1) IN GENERAL.—The President may waive,
on a case-by-case basis and for a period of
not more than 180 days, a requirement under
subsection (b) to impose or maintain sanc-
respect to a foreign
agency or instrumentality of a foreign state
(A) determines that the waiver is in the
(B) not less than 30 days before the waiver
takes effect, submits to the appropriate con-
gressional committees a report on the waiver
and the justification for the waiver.
may, on a case-by-case basis, renew a waiver
under paragraph (1) for additional periods of
not more than 180 days if the President-
waiver is in the national security interest of
(B) not less than 15 days before the waiver
expires, submits to the appropriate congres-
sional committees a report on the renewal of
the waiver and the justification for the re-
(e) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—The authority
with respect to a foreign person or an agency
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and every 180 days thereafter, the President
sional committees a report that identifies
(A) Each government of a foreign coun-
(i) with respect to which the Secretary of
State determines
has repeatedly provided
support for acts of international terrorism
Controls Act of 2018 (50 U.S.C. 4813(c)), sec-
tion 40 of the Arms Export Control Act (22
U.S.C. 2780), section 620A of the Foreign As-
sistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371), or any
(il) with respect to which the President de-
termines has provided direct or indirect ma-
terial support for the terrorist activities of
Hamas, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, or any
affiliate or successor thereof.
(B) Each government of a foreign country
(i) is not identified under subparagraph
(ii) the President determines engaged in a
significant transaction so as to contribute
knowingly and materially to the efforts by
the government of a foreign country
scribed in subparagraph (A)(i) to provide di-
rect or indirect material support for the ter-
rorist activities of Hamas,
Islamic Jihad, or any affiliate or successor
FORM OF REPORT.—Each report sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) shall
mitted in unclassified form but may contain
a classified annex.
(b) IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS.
(1) IN GENERAL.—The President shall im-
pose the following sanctions with respect to
each government of a foreign country identi-
fied under subsection (a)(1):
(A) The United States Government shall
States assistance to the government of the
foreign country.
(B) The Secretary of the Treasury shall in-
struct the United States Executive Director
appropriate international financial
institution to oppose, and vote against, for a
period of one year, the extension by that in-
of any loan or financial or tech-
nical assistance to the government of the
foreign country.
tions List under section 38(a)(1) of the Arms
Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778(a)(1)) or
the Commerce Control List set forth in Sup-
plement No. 1 to part 774 of title 15, Code of
November 4, 2021
Federal Regulations (or any successor list),
may be exported to the government of the
foreign country for a period of one year.
(2) EXCEPTIONS.—The President shall not
to the government of a foreign country pur-
suant to paragraph (1)
(A) with respect to materials intended to
be used by military or civilian personnel of
the United States Armed Forces at military
facilities in the country; or
would prevent the United States from meet-
ing the terms of any status of forces agree-
ment to which the United States is a party.
(C) ADDITIONAL SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO
SPONSORS OF TERRORISM.—The Presi-
dent shall impose the following additional
sanctions with respect to each government
country identified under sub-
section (a)(1)(A):
(1) The President shall, pursuant to such
regulations as the President may prescribe,
change that are subject to the jurisdiction of
the United States and in which the govern-
ment of the foreign country has any interest.
(2) The President shall, pursuant to
regulations as the President may prescribe,
prohibit any transfers of credit or payments
between one or more financial institutions
or by, through, or to any financial institu-
to the extent that such transfers or
payments are subject to the jurisdiction of
the United States and involve any interest of
the government of the foreign country.
(1) IN GENERAL.—The President may waive,
on a case-by-case basis and for a period of
not more than 180 days, a requirement under
subsection (b) or (c) to impose or maintain
sanctions with respect to a foreign govern-
ment identified
pursuant to subparagraph
(A) or (B) of subsection (a)(1) if the Presi-
(A) determines that the waiver is in the
national security interest of the United
(B) not less than 30 days before the waiver
takes effect, submits to the appropriate con-
gressional committees a report on the waiver
and the justification for the waiver.
may, on a case-by-case basis, renew a waiver
under paragraph (1) for additional periods of
not more than 180 days if the President-
(A) determines that the renewal of the
waiver is in the national security interest of
the United States; and
(B) not less than 15 days before the waiver
expires, submits to the appropriate congres-
sional committees a report on the renewal of
the waiver and the justification for the re-
(e) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—The authority
to impose sanctions under subsection (b) or
(c) with respect to each government of a for-
eign country identified pursuant to subpara-
graph (A) or (B) of subsection (a)(1) is in ad-
dition to the authority to impose sanctions
under any other provision of law with re-
that provide material support to foreign ter-
rorist organizations designated pursuant to
section 219 of the Immigration and Nation-
ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189).
minate any sanctions imposed with respect
government of a foreign
under subsection (b) or (c) if the President
determines and notifies the appropriate con-
gressional committees that the government
(1) is no longer carrying out activities or
transactions for which the sanctions were
(2) has provided assurances to the United
States Government that it will not carry out

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 1211, "chars": 8224, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
tions may be imposed under subsection (b) or
EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section
take effect on the date of the enactment of
this Act and apply with respect to activities
and transactions described in subparagraph
(A) or (B) of subsection (a)(1) that are carried
out on or atter such date of enactment.
(a) SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO FOREIGN
PERSONS AND AGENCIES AND INSTRUMENTAL-
ITIES OF FOREIGN STATES.-
-The following ac-
(1) The conduct or facilitation of a trans-
action for the sale of agricultural commod-
foreign person described in section 1294(a)(2).
(2) The provision of humanitarian assist-
ance to a foreign person described in section
transaction relating to humanitarian assist-
ance or for humanitarian purposes or trans-
porting goods or services that are necessary
to carry out operations relating to humani-
tarian assistance or humanitarian purposes.
WITH RESPECT TO FOREIGN
GOVERNMENTS.-
shall be exempt from sanctions under section
(1) The conduct or facilitation of a trans-
action for the sale of agricultural commod-
ities, food, medicine, or medical devices to
Hamas, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, or any
section 1295(a)(1).
(2) The provision of humanitarian assist-
Jihad, or any affiliate or successor thereof
described in section 1295(a)(1), including en-
gaging in a financial transaction relating to
humanitarian assistance or for humanitarian
or transporting goods or services
that are necessary to carry out operations
to humanitarian assistance or hu-
SEC. 1297. REPORT ON ACTIVITIES OF FOREIGN
MONEY LAUNDERING ACTIVITIES OF
HAMAS, THE PALESTINIAN ISLAMIC
JIHAD, OR ANY AFFILIATE OR SUC-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(D) with respect to each foreign country on
the list required by subparagraph (C)
(i) an assessment of whether the govern-
the country is taking adequate
measures to disrupt the fundraising,
Hamas, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, or any
affiliate or successor thereof within the ter-
(ii) in the case of a country the govern-
ment of which is not taking adequate meas-
ures to disrupt those activities-
(I) an assessment of the reasons that gov-
ernment is not taking adequate measures to
disrupt those activities; and
(II) a description of measures being taken
by the United States Government to encour-
age that government to improve measures to
disrupt those activities; and
(E) a list of foreign countries from which
Hamas, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, or any
affiliate or successor thereof,
veillance equipment, electronic monitoring
equipment, or other means to inhibit com-
munication or political expression in Gaza.
(2) FORM.—The report required by
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified
form to the greatest extent possible and may
(b) BRIEFING.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, and
every 180 days thereafter for the following 3
years, the Secretary of State, the Secretary
of the Treasury, and the heads of other appli-
cable Federal departments and agencies (or
their designees) shall provide to the appro-
priate congressional committees a briefing
on the disposition of the assets and activities
of Hamas, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, or
any successor or affiliate thereof related to
dering worldwide.
(C) DEFINITION.—In this section, the term
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
priate congressional committees a report
(A) a list of foreign countries that support
Hamas, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, or any
affiliate or successor thereof, or in
maintains important portions of its
(B) with respect to each foreign country on
the list required by subparagraph (A)-
(i) an assessment of whether
measures to freeze the assets of Hamas, the
Palestinian Islamic Jihad, or any affiliate or
successor thereof within the territory of the
the case of a country the govern-
ment of which is not taking adequate meas-
ures to freeze the assets of Hamas-
(I) an assessment of the reasons that gov-
ernment is not taking adequate measures to
(II) a description of measures being taken
by the United States Government to encour-
age that government to freeze those assets;
Hamas, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, or any
affiliate or successor thereof, conducts sig-
financing, or money
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations,
Urban Affairs, and the Select Committee on
Intelligence of the Senate; and
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence
of the House of Representatives.
SEC. 1298. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS.
(a) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in
this subtitle shall be construed to apply to
the authorized intelligence activities of the
United States.
(b) REGULATORY AUTHORITY.—The Presi-
dent shall, not later than 180 days after the
date of the enactment of this Act, prescribe
regulations as are necessary for the imple-
mentation of this subtitle.
(C) EXCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF
(1) IN GENERAL.—The authorities and re-
quirements to impose sanctions authorized
under this subtitle shall not include the au-
or requirement to impose sanctions
on the importation of goods.
(2) GOOD DEFINED.—In this subsection, the
term "good" means any article, natural or
product, including inspection
and test equipment, and excluding technical
(d) TERMINATION.—This subtitle shall ter-
(B) are no longer subject to sanctions pur-
(i) Executive Order 12947 (50 U.S.C. 1701
note; relating to prohibiting transactions
with terrorists who threaten to disrupt the
Middle East peace process); and
(ii) Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701
note; relating to blocking property and pro-
hibiting transactions with persons who com-
mit, threaten to commit, or
(C) meet the criteria described in para-
graphs (1) through (4) of section 9 of the Pal-
Law 109-446; 22 U.S.C. 2378b note); or
(2) 3 years after the date of the enactment
SEC. 1299. DETERMINATION OF BUDGETARY EF-
The budgetary effects of this subtitle, for
the purpose of complying with the Statutory
Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 931
seq.), shall be determined by reference to the
latest statement titled "Budgetary Fifects of
PAYGO Legislation" for this Act, submitted
for printing in the Congressional Record by
Chairman of the House Budget Com-
been submitted prior to the vote on passage.
SA 4358. Mr. RUBIO submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title XII, add the following:
Subtitle H—Sanctions and Other Measures
Relating to the Taliban
This subtitle may be cited
venting the Recognition of Terrorist States
SEC. 1292. STATEMENT OF POLICY.
It is the policy of the United States-
(1) to continue to recognize the democrat-
ically elected government of the Islamic Re-
public of Afghanistan as the legitimate Gov-
(2) to not recognize the Islamic Emirate of
the official Government of Af-
ghanistan under any circumstances;
view the Taliban's takeover of Af-
ghanistan as a coup d'état and therefore ille-
(4) to recognize that individuals designated
as terrorists by the United States, such as
Sirajuddin Haqqani, will play a key role in
(5) to continue to assist the people of Af-
ghanistan, especially people at risk as a re-
President certifies to the appropriate con-
gressional committees that Hamas and the
Palestinian Islamic Jihad, or any successor
(A) are no longer designated as a foreign
organization pursuant
219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act
SEC. 1293. PROHIBITION ON ACTIONS
NIZING THE ISLAMIC EMIRATE OF
(a) IN GENERAL.—In furtherance of the pol-
icy set forth in section 1292, no Federal de-
partment or agency may take any action or
extend any assistance that states or implies
recognition of the Taliban's claim of sov-
(b) FUNDING LIMITATION.—Notwithstanding
any other provision of law, no Federal funds
appropriated or otherwise made available for
the Department of State, the United States
for International Development, or

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 1137, "chars": 7837, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the Department of Defense on or after the
date of the enactment of this Act may be ob-
ligated or expended to prepare or promulgate
any policy, guidance, regulation,
Executive order, or to otherwise implement,
administer, or enforce any policy,
tends diplomatic recognition to the Islamic
SEC. 1294. DESIGNATION OF ISLAMIC EMIRATE
OF AFGHANISTAN AS A STATE SPON-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates,
Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, and the People's Re-
public of China;
assists, provides significant sup-
port or services to, or is involved in a signifi-
the Taliban or a supporter of the Taliban;
November 4, 2021
come within the United States, or are
come within the possession or control of a
United States person.
(C) IMPLEMENTATION; PENALTIES.—
shall designate the Islamic Emirate of Af-
ghanistan as a state sponsor of terrorism.
FINED.—In this section, the term
sor of terrorism"
ernment of which the Secretary of State has
determined has repeatedly provided support
for acts of international terrorism, for pur-
(1) section 1754(c)(1)(A)(i) of the Export
Reform Act of 2018 (50 U.S.C.
(2) section 620A of the Foreign Assistance
Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371);
(3) section 40(d) of the Arms Export Con-
trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2780(d)); or
(4) any other provision of law.
SEC. 1295. DESIGNATION OF THE TALIBAN AS A
The Secretary of State shall designate the
pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration
and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189).
SEC. 1296. DETERMINATIONS WITH RESPECT TO
(A) the likelihood that the
ferred to in paragraph (1) will seek to invest
in Afghanistan's key natural resources; and
(B) the impact of such investments on the
national security of the United States.
SEC. 1299. REPORT ON SAFE HARBOR PROVIDED
TO TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS BY
Not later than 120 days after the date of
the Secretary of State shall sub-
mit to Congress and make available to
public a report that describes the actions
taken by the Government of Pakistan to pro-
vide safe harbor to organizations-
(1) designated by the Secretary of State as
foreign terrorist organizations under section
219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act
designated as a specially
global terrorist organizations under Execu-
tive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating
to blocking property and prohibiting trans-
actions with persons who commit, threaten
to commit, or support terrorism).
SEC. 1299A. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-
President under sections 203 and 205 of the
Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to the extent
necessary to carry out this section.
(2) PENALTIES.—A person that violates, at-
causes a violation of this section or any reg-
ulation, license, or order issued to carry out
this section shall be subject to the penalties
set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section
Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the
same extent as a person that commits an un-
lawful act described in subsection (a) of that
(1) EXCEPTION FOR INTELLIGENCE
-Sanctions under this section shall not
apply to any activity subject to the report-
ing requirements under title V of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et
seq.) or any authorized intelligence activi-
ties of the United States.
(2) EXCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF
(A) IN GENERAL.—The authorities and re-
quirements to impose sanctions authorized
under this section shall not include the au-
thority or a requirement to impose sanctions
on the importation of goods.
(B) GOOD DEFINED.—In this paragraph, the
term "good" means any article, natural or
manufactured product, including inspection
and test equipment, and excluding technical
Not later than 120 days after the date of
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of
State shall submit to Congress a report that
(1) a determination of whether the Taliban
(A) a significant foreign narcotics traf-
ficker (as defined in section 808 of the For-
eign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (21
U.S.C. 1907)); or
(B) a significant transnational criminal or-
ganization under Executive Order 13581 (50
U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking prop-
of transnational
stan, while under the control of the Taliban,
should be designated as a high-risk jurisdic-
tion subject to a call for action (commonly
referred to as the 'black list'') under the cri-
teria established for such designation by the
Financial Action Task Force.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The President shall im-
pose 2 or more of the sanctions described in
subsection (b) with respect to each foreign
person identified under paragraph (2) of sec-
tion 1298 in the most recent report submitted
DESCRIBED.—The sanctions
that may be imposed with respect to a for-
eign person under subsection (a) are the fol-
(1) EXPORT-IMPORT BANK ASSISTANCE FOR
EXPORTS TO SANCTIONED PERSONS.
dent may direct the Export-Import Bank of
the United States not to give approval to the
issuance of any guarantee, insurance, exten-
sion of credit, or participation in the exten-
sion of credit in connection with the export
of any goods or services to the foreign per-
(2) EXPORT SANCTION.—The President may
order the United States Government not to
issue any specific license and not to grant
any other specific permission or authority to
export any goods or technology to the for-
eign person under-
(A) the Export Control Reform Act of 2018
(B) the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C.
person" means a person that is not a United
"United States person" means
(A) an individual who is a United States
citizen or an alien lawfully admitted for per-
manent residence to the United States;
(B) an entity organized under the laws of
the United States or any jurisdiction within
the United States, including a foreign branch
(C) any person in the United States.
TIONS WITH RESPECT TO ENERGY,
SHIPPING, AND SHIPBUILDING SEC-
GHANISTAN RECONSTRUCTION.
Subsection (f) of section 1244 of the Iran
and Counter-Proliferation Act of
2012 (22 U.S.C. 8803) is repealed.
SEC. 1299C. LIMITATION ON HUMANITARIAN AS-
The Commissioner of U.S. Customs
(1) assess whether the importation of rare
extracted in Afghanistan
goods produced from such metals violates
made with forced labor under section 307 of
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307); and
order with respect to such metals and goods
to prevent such metals and goods from enter-
ing the United States.
SEC. 1298. REPORT ON DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS
OF THE TALIBAN AND SUPPORTERS
Not later than 120 days after the date of
thereafter, the Secretary of State shall sub-
mit to Congress a report that-
(1) describes the Taliban's relations with
and approval of the
States Government as a condition for the ex-
port or reexport of goods or services.
INSTITUTIONS.—The President may prohibit
any United States financial institution from
making loans or providing credits to the for-
eign person totaling more than $10,000,000 in
any 12-month period.
OF PROPERTY OF IDENTIFIED
-The President may exercise
International Emergency Economic Powers
Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent nec-
essary to block and prohibit all transactions
in all property and interests in property of
the foreign person if such property and inter-
ests in property are in the United States,
described in subsection (b) for assistance in
or for Afghanistan and Pakistan or any other
by the Secretary of State as foreign terrorist
organizations under section 219 of the Immi-
gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189)
hold territory or wield substantial economic
or political power, the Administrator of the
United States Agency for International De-
velopment shall take all appropriate steps to
ensure that such assistance is not provided
(1) any individual, private or government
entity, or educational institution that the
advocates, plans, sponsors, engages in, or has
engaged in, terrorist activity; or
(2) any private entity or educational insti-
tution that has, as a principal officer

===== PAGE 76 =====
{"alpha_words": 1244, "chars": 8516, "method": "ocr", "page": 76, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
member of the governing board or governing
board of trustees of the entity or institution,
any individual who has been determined to
(A) involved in or advocating terrorist ac-
(B) a member of a foreign terrorist organi-
(b) FUNDS DESCRIBED.—Funds described in
this subsection are funds appropriated under
the heading 'Economic Support Fund', 'De-
"Transition Initiatives"
Humanitarian Assistance" in an Act making
appropriations for the Department of State,
foreign operations, and related programs or
making supplemental appropriations.
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Administrator of the
United States Agency for International De-
velopment shall, as appropriate-
steps to be taken in carrying out subsection
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add
SEC. 1210. FUNDING FOR INTERNATIONAL MILI-
TARY EDUCATION AND TRAINING IN
LATIN AMERICA, SOUTHEAST ASIA,
There is authorized to be appropriated for
fiscal vear 2022 for the Department of State
$14,100,000 for International Military
and Training (IMET) assistance for
countries in Latin America,
and Africa, to be made available for purposes
S7883
(C) any privately owned company in the
(2) fostering a better understanding of the
United States Armed Forces and the mili-
tary forces of countries in Latin America,
Southeast Asia, and Africa to build partner-
(i) to any individual, entity, or educational
mined to be involved in or advocating ter-
(ii) that could benefit such an individual,
entity, or educational institution.
(2) INCLUSION OF CERTAIN ENTITIES.—In es-
tablishing procedures under paragraph (1)(A)
with respect to steps to be taken to ensure
that assistance is not provided to individ-
entities, or institutions described in
subsection (a), the Administrator shall en-
sure that the recipients and subrecipients of
assistance from the United States Agency
for International Development and their con-
tractors and subcontractors are included.
SEC. 1299D. RESTRICTION ON FOREIGN ASSIST-
COUPS D'ETAT HAVE OCCURRED.
(a) IN GENERAL.—None of the funds appro-
priated or otherwise made available pursu-
ant to an Act making appropriations for the
Department of state, foreign operations, and
related
programs or making
appropriations may be obligated or expended
to finance directly any assistance to the gov-
ernment of any country whose duly elected
head of government is deposed by military
coup d'état or decree or, after the date of the
enactment of this Act, a coup d'état or de-
cree in which the military plays a decisive
role.
(b) RESUMPTION OF
ance described in subsection (a) may be re-
sumed to a government described in that
subsection if the Secretary of State certifies
and reports to Congress that, subsequent to
the termination of such assistance, a demo-
cratically elected government has taken of-
fice.
(C) EXCEPTION.—The prohibition under sub-
section (a) shall not apply to assistance to
promote democratic elections or public par-
ticipation in democratic processes.
PROCEDURES.—Funds
made available pursuant to subsection (b) or
(c) shall be subject to the regular notifica-
tion procedures of the Committees on Appro-
priations of the Senate and the House of
bilities for joint operations; and
(5) focusing on professional military edu-
cation, civilian control of the military, and
protection of human rights.
SA 4360. Mr. RUBIO submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
• COUNTERING THE MILITARY-CIVIL FU-
SION STRATEGY OF THE CHINESE
4359. Mr. RUBIO submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
strengths for such fiscal
(1) CHINESE ENTITY OF CONCERN.-
"Chinese entity of concern' means-
ple's Republic of China that is determined by
the Secretary of Defense to be involved in
the implementation of the military-civil fu-
college or university known as the
"Seven Sons of National Defense';
(ii) any college or university that receives
funding from-
(I) the People's Liberation Army; or
(II) the Equipment Development Depart-
ment,
or the Science and Technology Com-
mission,
of the Central Military Commis-
sion;
(iii) any college or university in the Peo-
ple's Republic of China involved in military
training and education,
including any
college or university in partnership with the
People's Liberation Army;
(iv) any college or university in the Peo-
ple's Republic of China that conducts mili-
tary research or hosts dedicated military ini-
tiatives or laboratories, including such a col-
"double first-class university plan";
ple's Republic of China that is designated by
the State Administration for Science, Tech-
fense to host "joint construction"
(vi) any college or university in the Peo-
platform for military-civil fusion or created
national defense laboratories;
(B) any enterprise owned by the People's
Equipment Research and Production Certifi-
(ii) that is otherwise known to have set up
mechanisms for engaging in activity in sup-
(iii) that has a history of subcontracting
for the People's Liberation Army or its af-
(iv) that has an owner or a senior manage-
ment official who has served as a delegate to
the National People's Congress or a member
of the Chinese People's Political
(2) COVERED ENTITY.—The term "covered
entity" means
(A) any Federal agency that engages in re-
search or provides funding for research, in-
cluding the National Science Foundation and
the National Institutes of Health;
(B) any institution of higher education, or
any other private research institution, that
receives any Federal financial assistance;
(C) any private company headquartered in
the United States that receives Federal fi-
(3) FEDERAL FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE.—The
term "Federal financial assistance" has the
meaning given the term in section 200.1 of
title 2, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-
cessor regulations).
(4) MILITARY-CIVIL FUSION STRATEGY.—The
term "military-civil fusion strategy" means
strategy
of
the
Chinese
Communist
Party aiming to mobilize non-military re-
sources and expertise to contribute directly
to the development of technology for use by
the People's Liberation Army.
(b) PROHIBITIONS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—No covered entity may en-
gage with a Chinese entity of concern in any
scientific research
or technical
exchange
that has a direct bearing on, or the potential
for dual use in,
the development of tech-
nologies that the Chinese Communist Party
has identified as a priority of its
national
strategy of military-civil fusion and that are
listed
on
the
website
under
subsection
(C)(1)(A).
(2) PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS.—No covered en-
tity described in subsection (a)(2)(C) may
form a partnership or joint venture with an-
other such covered entity for the purpose of
engaging in any scientific research or tech-
nical exchange described in paragraph (1).
(C) WEBSITE.-
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense,
in consultation with the Secretary of State,
the Director of National Intelligence, the Di-
rector of the Federal
tion, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the
Secretary of Commerce, shall establish and
periodically update a website that includes
(A) a list of the scientific research or tech-
nical exchange for which
the prohibitions
under subsection (b) apply, which shall ini-
tially include quantum computing,
analytics, semiconductors, new and advanced
materials, 5G telecommunications, advanced
nuclear technology (including nuclear power
and energy storage), aerospace
and artificial intelligence; and
(B) to the extent practicable, a list of all
Chinese entities of concern.
(2) RESOURCES.—In establishing the website
under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense
may use as a model any existing resources,
Tracker maintained by the Australian Stra-
tegic Policy Institute, subject to any other
laws applicable to such resources.

===== PAGE 77 =====
{"alpha_words": 1194, "chars": 7984, "method": "ocr", "page": 77, "variant": "plain-vision"}
subsection (b) shall not apply to any collabo-
rative study or research project in fields in-
tribute substantially to the goals of the mili-
tary-civil fusion strategy, as determined by
the guidelines set by the Secretary of De-
(e) ENFORCEMENT.
GENERAL.—Notwithstanding
other provision of law, a covered entity de-
scribed in subparagraph (B) or (C) of sub-
under subsection (b) on or after the date of
from receiving any Federal financial assist-
ance on or after the date of such violation.
fense, in consultation with the Secretary of
State, the Director of National Intelligence,
the Director of the Federal Bureau of Inves-
tigation, the Secretary of the Treasury, and
the Secretary of Commerce, shall-
(A) promulgate regulations to enforce the
prohibitions under subsection (b) and the re-
quirement under paragraph (1); and
(B) coordinate with the heads of other Fed-
eral agencies to ensure
the enforcement of
such prohibitions and requirement.
SA 4361. Mr. RUBIO submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
SEC. 1064. TRANSFER OF CERTAIN UNEXPENDED
FUNDS RELATED TO AFGHANISTAN
FOR THE PURPOSE OF BUILDING A
RESILIENT DOMESTIC INDUSTRIAL
FENSE TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION.
(a) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It is the policy
(1) great power competition with the Peo-
ple's Republic of China will define the future
(2) the People's Republic of China is a revi-
sionist power that seek to upend the inter-
national system in ways that are inimical to
United States national interests;
(3) great power competition with the Peo-
ple's Republic of China is global in nature
whole-of-government
resilient domestic manufacturing,
and an innovative economy are critical to
succeeding in great power competition; and
(5) promoting and supporting new techno-
necessary to maintain a competitive advan-
by the Government of the People's Republic
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(C) The research, development, test, and
evaluation, Defense-wide account of the De-
partment of Defense, to be available for the
Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
ening the United States' global advantage in
strategic technologies,
which may include
information technology, new and advanced
biotechnology, advanced machin-
telecommunications, and energy and
(2) RESCISSION OF UNEXPENDED FUNDS DEDI-
CATED TO MAINTAINING A MILITARY AND DIPLO-
lowing amounts are hereby rescinded:
(A) The unobligated
balance of amounts
made available to the Department of Defense
for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund.
(B) Of the unobligated balance of amounts
made available to the Department of State
funds relating to maintaining United States
diplomatic personnel in Afghanistan.
(C) Of the unobligated balance of amounts
Fund, all remaining funds relating to imple-
comprehensive
strategies to combat corruption in Afghani-
and for the reintegration of former
Taliban and other extremists.
(D) Of the unobligated balance of amounts
made available to the Department of State
for the International Narcotics Control and
Law Enforcement Fund, all remaining funds
relating to programs in Afghanistan.
(E) Of the unobligated balance of amounts
made available to the Department of state
for International Military
Training programs, all remaining funds re-
lating to training personnel of the Afghan
security forces.
SA 4362. Mr.
RUBIO submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
appropriate place, insert the fol-
• CONSUMER PROTECTIONS REGARD-
ING COVERED FOREIGN SOFTWARE.
(a) CONSUMER WARNING AND ACKNOWLEDG-
November 4, 2021
(A) that the warning include
(i) the name of the covered foreign soft-
(ii) the name of each owner of the covered
spect to each such owner, the name of the
covered country-
(1) under the laws of which such owner is
(II) in which such owner conducts its prin-
(III) in which such owner is headquartered;
(iii) the name of each controlling entity of
the owner of the covered foreign software,
and if applicable with respect to each such
controlling entity, the name of the covered
(I) under the laws of which such entity is
(II) in which such entity conducts its prin-
cipal operations; or
(III) in which such entity is headquartered;
(iv) any enumerated risk to data privacy
and security or the censorship of speech as-
sociated with the laws and practices of a cov-
ered country disclosed under this subpara-
(v) whether the owner of a covered foreign
software, or any controlling entity of such
owner, has ever provided the data of United
States consumers, as it relates to such soft-
ware, to any law enforcement agency, intel-
or other government entity
(vi) a description of how to acknowledge
the warning and either proceed with or can-
(B) that the warning be updated annually;
(C) such other requirements as the Com-
General of the United States, shall deter-
(3) LIABILITY OF SOFTWARE OWNER.—If a
consumer to download covered foreign soft-
available for download in violation of para-
graph (1), the operator shall not be liable for
a violation of such paragraph if the operator
reasonably relied on inaccurate information
from the owner of the covered foreign soft-
ware in determining that the software was
not covered foreign software, and the owner
of the covered foreign software shall be con-
sidered to have committed the violation of
such paragraph
(b) CONSUMER DATA PROTECTIONS.—
(1) CONSUMER DATA PRIVACY PRACTICES.
(A) CONSUMER DATA REPORT.—Not later
than 30 days aiter the date of enactment of
this section (or in the case of covered foreign
software that is created after such date or
software that becomes covered foreign soft-
(1) IN GENERAL.—A software marketplace
operator or an owner of covered foreign soft-
(A) Permit a consumer to download cov-
fer to each of the following appropriations
amount rescinded under paragraph (2):
(A) The Defense Production Act purchases
account for activities by the Department of
Defense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and
303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50
U.S.C. 4518, 4531, 4532, 4533))
(B) The Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy
account of the Department of Defense.
(i) a warning that meets the requirements
sumer, separately from any privacy policy,
terms of service, or other notice; and
(il) the consumer is required to choose (by
taking an affirmative step such as clicking
on a button) between the options of-
(I) acknowledging such warning and
ceeding with the download; or
(II) cancelling the download.
available covered foreign soft-
ware for download by consumers unless the
operator or owner has in place procedures to
ensure compliance with subparagraph (A).
quirements of this paragraph are, with re-
spect to a warning regarding covered foreign
thereafter, an owner of covered foreign soft-
ware shall submit to the Commission and the
Attorney General of the United States a re-
port that includes a complete description of
any consumer data privacy practice of the
owner as it relates to the data of
States consumers, including-
(i) the type of data of United States con-
(ii) a description of how such data is used
(iii) a description of any consumer data
the rights and interests of United
(I) the number of requests from a law en-
other government entity of a covered coun-
try to disclose the consumer data of a person

===== PAGE 78 =====
{"alpha_words": 1245, "chars": 8338, "method": "ocr", "page": 78, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(II) a description of how such requests were
(V) a description of any internal content
moderation practice of the owner as it re-
lates to the data of consumers in the United
States, including any such practice that also
relates to consumers in another country.
other provision of law, not
later than 60 days after the receipt of a re-
port under subparagraph (A), the Attorney
the information contained in such report (ex-
cept for any confidential material) in a pub-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
tion 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commis-
sion Act (15 U.S.C. 57a(a)(1)(B)).
(2) POWERS OF COMMISSION.-
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Commission shall en-
mulgated thereunder in the same manner, by
the same means, and with the same jurisdic-
tion, powers, and duties as though all appli-
Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.)
were incorporated into and made a part of
this section. Any person who violates this
or a regulation promulgated
under shall be subject to the penalties and
entitled to the privileges and immunities
provided in the Federal Trade Commission
(B) ADDITIONAL RELIEF.—In addition to the
penalties provided in the Federal Trade Com-
mission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.), if a court
or the Commission (in a formal adjudicative
proceeding) determines that an owner of cov-
ered foreign software violated this section or
court or the Commission shall prohibit the
owner from making such software available
for sale or download in the United States.
promulgate regulations under section 553 of
title 5, United States Code, to carry out this
(4) SAVINGS CLAUSE.—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall be construed to limit the author-
ity of the Commission under any other provi-
(i) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(A) IN GENERAL.—The term "censor", with
respect to the online activity of a person in
OF DISCLOSURE AND CENSOR-
SHIP.—An owner of covered foreign software
States consumers, as it relates to such cov-
ered foreign software, if such owner complies
any request from a law enforcement
agency, intelligence agency, or other govern-
ment entity of a covered country-
(i) to disclose the consumer data of a per-
(ii) to censor the online activity of a per-
(B) REPORT TO FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION
STATES.—Not later than 14 days after receiv-
ing a request described in subparagraph (A),
owner of covered foreign software shall
submit to the Commission and the Attorney
General of the United States a report that
includes a description of such request.
(C) ACCESS TO CONSUMER DATA IN SUBSIDI-
ARIES.—Not later than 1 year after the date
of enactment of this section,
sion, in consultation with the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, shall issue regula-
tions to require an owner of covered foreign
software to implement consumer data pro-
tection measures to ensure that any parent
company in a covered country may not ac-
cess the consumer data collected and stored,
or otherwise held, by a subsidiary entity of
such parent company in a country that is
not a covered country.
(3) PROHIBITIONS
ON STORAGE, USE, AND
SHARING OF CONSUMER DATA.—
SUMER DATA.—With respect to the consumer
data of any person in the United States, an
owner of covered foreign software may not
(i) use such data in a covered country;
(ii) transfer such data to a covered coun-
(iii) store such data outside of the United
(B) SHARING OF CONSUMER DATA.—An owner
of covered foreign software may not share
other commercial entity the consumer data
of any person in the United States.
(4) CENSORSHIP REMEDY.—In the case where
an owner of covered foreign software censors
the online activity of a person in the United
States, such owner shall provide any affected
user with a means to appeal such censorship.
COMMUNICATIONS
PROTECTIONS.—Notwith-
standing section 230 of the Communications
Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230) (commonly known
Communications Decency Act"), an
owner of a covered foreign software shall not
computer service for purposes of subsection
(c) of such section with respect to such cov-
(d) ENFORCEMENT BY THE FEDERAL TRADE
make inaccessible user information without
the consent of such user; or
(ii) to alter, delete, remove, deny, prevent,
or otherwise prohibit user activity without
(B) EXCEPTION.-
term shall not in-
clude any action by an owner of covered for-
eign software that is taken for the purpose of
restricting access to, or availability of, ma-
terial that the
owner considers to be
scene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively
able, whether or not such material is con-
stitutionally protected.
(2) COMMISSION.—The term "Commission"
means the Federal Trade Commission.
(A) IN GENERAL.
Subject to subparagraph
(B), the term "covered country" means-
Russia, North Korea, Iran, Syria,
(ii) any other country the government of
which the Secretary of State determines has
provided support for international terrorism
(I) section 1754(c)(1)(A) of the Export Con-
(1) IN GENERAL.
—A software marketplace
operator or an owner of covered foreign soft-
ware that knowingly violates subsection (a)
or (b) shall be fined $50,000 for each violation.
(2) CLARIFICATIONS.
(A) SEPARATE VIOLATION.—For purposes of
paragraph (1), each download by a consumer
of a covered foreign software that does not
meet the requirements of subparagraph (A)
of subsection (a)(1) or is made available in
violation of subparagraph (B) of such sub-
section shall be treated as a separate viola-
owner of covered foreign software who know-
ingly causes a violation of subsection (a)(1)
with the intent to conceal the fact that the
software is covered foreign software shall be
fined under title 18, United States Code.
(3) REFERRAL OF EVIDENCE BY
Commission obtains evidence
owner of covered foreign
software has en-
gaged in conduct that may constitute a vio-
lation of subsection (a) or (b), the Commis-
sion shall transmit such evidence to the At-
torney General of the United States,
institute criminal proceedings
this subsection. Nothing in this paragraph
affects any other authority of the Commis-
sion to disclose information.
year after the date of the enactment of this
TICES.—A violation of this section or a regu-
treated as a violation of a rule defining an
unfair or deceptive act or practice under sec-
States, shall submit to Congress a report on
the implementation and enforcement of this
(g) EXPANSION OF COVERED TRANSACTIONS
721(a)(4)(B)(iii)(III) of the Defense Production
Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(a)(4)(B)(iii)(III)) is
available" after "sensitive"
(h) ExPRESS PREEMPTION OF STATE LAW.-
This section shall supersede any provision of
any State or political subdivision of a State
to the extent that such provision relates
the privacy or security of consumer data or
the downloading of covered foreign software.
(II) section 620A of the Foreign Assistance
Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371);
(III) section 40 of the Arms Export Control
(IV) any other provision of law; and
(iii) any other country designated by the
Attorney General of the United States based
on findings that such country's control over
undue or unnecessary risk to the national se-
curity of the United States or to the safety
and security of United States persons.
(i) ADVANCE NOTICE TO CONGRESS.—
not designate a country under subparagraph
(A)(iii) (or revoke such a designation under
clause (iii)) unless the Attorney General of
not less than 30 days notice
prior to making such designation or revoca-
(aa) the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce of the House of Representatives;
(bb) the Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence of the House of Representatives;
(cc) the Committee on Commerce, Science,
and Transportation of the Senate; and
(dd) the Select Committee on Intelligence
upon request, provides an in-person
briefing to each such Committee during the
(ii) NOTICE AND PUBLICATION OF DESIGNA-
TION.—Upon designating a
subparagraph (A)(iii), the Attorney General
of the United States shall transmit a notifi-
cation of the designation to the Commission,
shall become effective on the
day that is 60 days after the date on which
such notification is transmitted and pub-
(iii) REVOCATION OF DESIGNATION.—The des-
(A) may only be revoked by the
General of the United States.
(4) COVERED FOREIGN SOFTWARE.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The term
eign software" means any of the following:
(i) Software that is owned or, directly
controlled by a person described

===== PAGE 79 =====
{"alpha_words": 1237, "chars": 8138, "method": "ocr", "page": 79, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(ii) Software that stores data of United intended to be proposed to amendment
States consumers in a covered country.
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
DESCRIBED.—A
scribed in this subparagraph is-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
(i) a person (other than an individual)-
4350, to authorize appropriations
(I) that is organized under the laws of a
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
covered country;
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
(II) the principal operations of which are
tary construction, and for defense ac-
conducted in a covered country; or
of the Department of Energy,
(III) that is headquartered in a covered
(ii) a person (other than an individual) that
is, directly or indirectly, controlled by a per-
son described in clause (i).
(5) MOBILE APPLICATION.—The term 'mo-
bile application" means a software program
smartphone, tablet computer, or similar mo-
strengths for such fiscal year, and for
other purposes; which was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
cited as the 'Air America Act of 2021"
means any computer software program, in-
cluding a mobile application.
The term software marketplace
means a person who, for a commercial pur-
pose, operates an online store or market-
place through which software is made avail-
download by consumers in the
United States.
SA 4363. Mr. RUBIO submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
. REIMBURSEMENT OF INTEREST PAY-
MENTS RELATED TO PUBLIC ASSIST-
Title IV of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster
Relief and Emergency
U.S.C. 5170 et seq.) is amended by adding at
"SEC. 431. REIMBURSEMENT OF INTEREST PAY-
MENTS RELATED TO PUBLIC ASSIST-
'(a) IN GENERAL.—The President may pro-
vide financial assistance to a local govern-
ment as reimbursement for qualifying inter-
"(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section, the fol-
"(1) PRIME RATE.—The term 'prime
means the average predominant prime rate
quoted by commercial banks to large
nesses, as determined by the Board of Gov-
ernors of the Federal Reserve System.
'qualifying interest' means, with respect to a
qualifying loan, the lesser of-
"(A) the actual interest paid to a lender for
'(B) the interest that would have been paid
to a lender if such qualifying loan had an in-
terest rate equal to the prime rate most re-
cently published on the Federal Reserve Sta-
tistical Release on selected interest rates.
fying loan' means a loan-
'(A) obtained by a local government; and
"(B) of which not less than 90 percent of
the proceeds are used to fund activities for
which such local government receives assist-
ance under this Act after the date on which
(1) Air America, Incorporated (referred to
in this section as "Air America") and its re-
lated cover corporate entities
owned and controlled by the United States
Government and directed and managed by
the Department of Defense, the Department
and the Central Intelligence Agen-
(2) Air America, a corporation owned by
the Government of the United States, con-
stituted a "Government corporation", as de-
fined in section 103 of title 5, United States
(3) It is established that the employees of
Air America and the other entities described
in paragraph (1) were Federal employees.
employees of Air America
retroactively excluded from the definition of
title 5, United States Code, on the basis of an
administrative policy change in paperwork
requirements implemented by the Office of
Personnel Management 10 years after
service of the employees had ended and, by
extension, were retroactively excluded from
section 8331 of title 5, United States Code, for
retirement credit purposes.
(5) The employees of Air America were
paid as Federal employees, with salaries sub-
(A) the General Schedule under subchapter
III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States
(B) the rates of basic pay payable to mem-
bers of the Armed Forces.
(6) The service and sacrifice of the employ-
ees of Air America included-
(A) suffering a high rate of casualties in
the course of employment;
(B) saving thousands of lives in search and
airmen and allied refugee evacuations; and
periods of service
lenging circumstances abroad.
(C) DEFINITIONS.—In this section-
(1) the term "affiliated company", with re-
spect to Air America, includes Air Asia Com-
pany Limited, CAT Incorporated,
Transport Company Limited, and the Pacific
Division of Southern Air Transport; and
November 4, 2021
(2) shall be treated as creditable service by
an employee for purposes of subchapter III of
chapter 83 of title 5, United States Code.
(e) RIGHTS.—An individual who performed
qualifying service, or a survivor of such an
individual, shall be entitled to the rights,
retroactive as
ployees and their survivors
service under the Civil Service Retirement
System under subchapter III of chapter 83 of
title 5, United States Code, with respect to
(I) DEDUCTION, CONTRIBUTION, AND DEPOSIT
-The deposit of funds in the
Treasury of the United States made by Air
America in the form of a lump-sum payment
apportioned in part to the Civil Service Dis-
ability & Retirement Fund in 1976 is deemed
to satisfy the deduction, contribution, and
deposit requirements under
title 5, United States Code, with respect to
all periods of qualifying service.
8345(i)(2) of title 5, United States Code, shall
be applied with respect to the death of an in-
dividual who performed qualifying service by
"2 years after the effective date
under subsection (h) of the Air America Act
of 2021" for '30 years after the death or other
event which gives rise to title to the ben-
(h) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall
take effect on the date that is 30 days after
the date of enactment of this Act.
SA 4365. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and
Mr. MERKLEY) submitted an amend-
ment intended
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title XII, add the following:
Subtitle H—Taiwan Relations Reinforcement
This subtitle may be cited as the "Taiwan
Relations Reinforcement Act of 2021".
SEC. 1292. A TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY PARTNER-
(a) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It is the policy
of the United States to create and execute a
plan for enhancing its relationship with Tai-
wan by forming a robust partnership that
fully accounts for Taiwan's democratization,
and remains faithful to United States prin-
ciples and values in keeping with the Taiwan
Relations Act and the Six Assurances.
FORCE.—Not later than 90 days after the date
of the enactment of this Act,
task force consisting of senior officials from
the Office of the President,
the National Se-
curity Council, the Department of State, the
the Treasury, the Department of Commerce,
(A) was performed by a United States cit-
izen as an employee of Air America or an af-
filiated company during the period beginning
on January 1, 1950, and ending on December
(B) is documented in the attorney-certified
corporate records of Air America or any af-
(d) TREATMENT AS FEDERAL EMPLOYMENT.—
Any period of qualifying service-
(1) is deemed to have been service of an
employee (as defined in section 2105 of title
5, United States Code) with the Federal Gov-
SA 4364. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and
Mr. WARNER) submitted an amendment
The interagency Taiwan Pol-
icy Task Force established under subsection
(b) shall submit an annual unclassified re-
port with a classified annex to
policy and actions to be taken to create and
execute a plan for enhancing our partnership

===== PAGE 80 =====
{"alpha_words": 1285, "chars": 8766, "method": "ocr", "page": 80, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
SEC. 1293. AMERICAN INSTITUTE IN TAIWAN.
The position of Director of the American
Institute in Taiwan's Taipei office shall be
subject to the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, and effective upon enactment of this Act
shall have the title of Representative.
SEC. 1294. SUPPORTING UNITED STATES EDU-
(a) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It is the policy
States educational and exchange programs
with Taiwan, including by authorizing such
sum as may be necessary to promote the
study of Chinese language, culture, history,
and politics in Taiwan.
(b) ESTABLISHMENT OF THE UNITED STATES-
TAIWAN CULTURAL EXCHANGE FOUNDATION.—
The Secretary of State shall establish a new
an independent nonprofit dedi-
cated to deepening ties between the future
leaders of Taiwan and the United States. The
Foundation shall work with State and local
school districts and educational institutions
to send high school and university students
to Taiwan to study the Chinese language,
culture, history, politics, and other relevant
(C) PARTNERING WITH TECRO.—State and
local school districts and educational insti-
tutions such as
public universities shall
partner with the Taipei Economic and Cul-
tural Representative Office (TECRO) in the
United States to establish programs to pro-
mote an increase in educational and cultural
(d) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
Secretary of State shall submit to the appro-
priate congressional committees a report on
cooperation between the United States Gov-
ernment and the Taiwanese government to
create an alternative to Confucius Institutes
in an effort to promote freedom, democracy,
universal values, culture, and history in con-
junction with Chinese language education.
SEC. 1295. PARTICIPATION OF TAIWAN IN INTER-
(a) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It is the policy
of the United States to promote Taiwan's in-
international organiza-
(b) SUPPORT FOR MEANINGFUL PARTICIPA-
TION.—The Permanent Representative of the
other relevant United States officials should
actively support Taiwan's membership and
meaningful participation in international or-
(C) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after
Secretary of State shall submit to the appro-
priate congressional committees a report on
China's efforts at the United Nations and
other international bodies to block Taiwan's
meaningful participation and inclusion and
SEC. 1296. INVITATION OF TAIWANESE COUNTER-
PARTS TO HIGH-LEVEL BILATERAL
AND MULTILATERAL FORUMS AND
EXERCISES.
(a) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It is the policy
of the United States to invite Taiwanese
counterparts to participate in high-level bi-
lateral and multilateral summits, military
exercises,
and economic dialogues and fo-
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that-
(1) the United States Government should
invite Taiwan to regional dialogues on issues
of mutual concern;
(2) the United States Government and Tai-
wanese counterparts should resume meetings
under the United States-Taiwan Trade and
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
S7887
Agreement and threats that lead to censorship or self-cen-
reach a bilateral free trade agreement;
sorship,
or which compel compliance with
(3) the United States Government should
political or foreign policy positions of the
invite Taiwan to participate in bilateral and
Government of
the
People's Republic
of
multilateral military training exercises; and
China
and the Chinese
Communist Party.
(4) the United States Government and Tai-
The strategy shall include the following ele-
wanese counterparts should engage in a reg-
ments:
ular and routine strategic bilateral dialogue
(1) Information on efforts by the Govern-
ment of the People's Republic of China to
Sales mechanisms, and the United
States Government should support export li-
censor the websites of United States airlines,
hotels, and other businesses regarding the
relationship
between
Taiwan and
the
Peo-
porting Taiwan's indigenous defensive capa-
SEC. 1297. REPORT ON TAIWAN TRAVEL ACT.
(a) LIST OF HIGH-LEVEL VISITS.—Not later
than 180 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, and annually thereaiter, the sec-
retary of State shall, in accordance with the
Taiwan Travel Act (Public Law 115-135), sub-
mit to the appropriate congressional com-
mittees a list of high-level officials from the
United States Government that have trav-
eled to Taiwan and a list of high-level offi-
cials of Taiwan that have entered the United
(b) ANNUAL REPORT.—Not later than
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary
of State shall submit to the appropriate con-
mentation of the Taiwan Travel Act.
MINING UNITED STATES POLICY RE-
(a) PROHIBITION ON RECOGNITION OF PRC
CLAIMS TO SOVEREIGNTY OVER TAIWAN.
(1) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It is the policy
of the United States to oppose any attempt
by the PRC authorities to unilaterally im-
pose a timetable or deadline for unification
PROHIBITION ON RECOGNITION OF PRC
CLAIMS WITHOUT ASSENT OF PEOPLE OF TAI-
United States Government may formally or
informally recognize
ereignty over Taiwan without the assent of
the people of Taiwan, as expressed directly
through the democratic process.
(3) TREATMENT OF TAIWAN GOVERNMENT.-
and other United States Government agen-
cies shall treat the democratically
government of Taiwan as the legitimate rep-
resentative of the people of Taiwan and end
the outdated practice of referring to the gov-
in Taiwan as
"authorities"
Notwithstanding
the continued supporting
role of the American Institute in Taiwan in
States interests in
Taiwan, the United States Government shall
not place any restrictions on the ability of
Department of State and
other United
States Government agencies
from interacting directly and routinely with
counterparts in the Taiwan government.
this paragraph shall be construed as entail-
ing restoration of diplomatic relations with
nated
January 1, 1979,
or altering
the
United States Government's position on Tai-
wan's international status.
(b) STRATEGY To PROTECT UNITED STATES
BUSINESSES AND NONGOVERNMENTAL ENTITIES
FROM COERCION.—Not later than 90 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act,
the
Secretary of State, in consultation with the
Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of the
Treasury,
and the heads of other relevant
Federal agencies, shall submit an unclassi-
fied report, with a classified annex if nec-
essary,
to protect United States businesses
and nongovernmental entities from sharp
power operations,
including
coercion and
(2) Information on efforts by the Govern-
ment of the People's Republic of China to
target United States nongovernmental enti-
tended to weaken support for Taiwan.
(3) Information on United States Govern-
ment efforts to counter the threats posed by
disinformation,
best practices, current successes,
ing barriers to responding to this threat.
(4) Details of any actions undertaken
create a code of conduct and a timetable for
STRATEGY TO RESPOND
Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State shall develop and im-
power operations and the united front cam-
paign supported by the Government of the
People's Republic of China and the Chinese
Communist Party that are directed toward
persons or entities in Taiwan.
under subsection (a) shall include the fol-
(1) Development of a response to PRC prop-
cyber-intrusions targeting Taiwan, includ-
entities to document and expose propaganda
and disinformation supported by the Govern-
ment of the People's Republic of China,
Chinese Communist Party, or affiliated enti-
(B) assistance to enhance the Taiwan gov-
ernment's ability to develop a whole-of-gov-
ernment strategy to respond to sharp power
operations, including election interference;
(C) media training for Taiwan officials and
(2) Development of a response to political
influence operations that includes an assess-
ment of the extent of influence exerted by
the Government of the People's Republic of
China and the Chinese Communist Party in
on local political parties, financial
institutions, media organizations, and other
(3) Support for exchanges and other tech-
legal system's ability
to respond to sharp
(4) Establishment of a coordinated partner-
ship, through the
Global Cooperation
and
Training Framework, with like-minded gov-
ernments to share data
and best practices
with the Government of Taiwan on ways to
address sharp power operations supported by
the Government of the People's Republic of
China and the Chinese Communist Party.
SEC. 1299A.
REPORT
ON
DETERRENCE IN THE
TAIWAN STRAIT.
Not later than 180 days after the date of
the enactment of
this Act,
and annually
thereafter,
the Secretary of State and the
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the ap-
propriate congressional committees a joint

===== PAGE 81 =====
{"alpha_words": 1154, "chars": 7850, "method": "ocr", "page": 81, "variant": "plain-vision"}
report that assesses the military posture of
Taiwan and the United States as it specifi-
cally pertains to the deterrence of military
conflict and conflict readiness in the Taiwan
Strait. In light of the changing military bal-
ance in the Taiwan Strait, the report should
include analysis of whether current Taiwan
and United States policies sufficiently deter
efforts to determine the future of Taiwan by
In this subtitle:
(1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
"appropriate congressional
means the Committee on For-
eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
(M) the Permanent Select Committee on the Government of the People's Republic of
Intelligence of the House of Representatives;
(N) the Committee on Financial Services
of the House of Representatives.
(2) POLITICAL INFLUENCE OPERATIONS.—The
term "political influence operations" means
the coordinated and often concealed applica-
tion of disinformation, press manipulation,
academic censorship, which
(A) to coerce and corrupt United States in-
institutions, or individuals;
(B) to foster attitudes, behavior, decisions,
the United States that sup-
port the interests of the Government of the
People's Republic of China or the Chinese
SEC. 1293. STATEMENT OF POLICY.
It is the policy of the United States
(1) to clearly differentiate between the Chi-
nese people and culture and the Government
of the People's Republic of China and the
ments, media messaging, and policy;
(2) to clearly differentiate between legal,
(10) to ensure that existing tools are suffi-
ciently screening for the risk of Chinese in-
(11) to create more flexible tools, as need-
ed, with the goals of-
(A) screening investments from the Gov-
ernment of the People's Republic of China or
sources backed by such government to pro-
tect against the takeover of United States
companies by Chinese state-owned or state-
(B) protecting institutions or business sec-
tors critically
important to United States
national security and the viability of demo-
STRATEGY TO COUNTER "SHARP
POWER" POLITICAL INFLUENCE OP-
ERATIONS AND TO PROTECT UNITED
GENERAL.-The Secretary of State
and the Secretary of Homeland Security, in
coordination with all relevant Federal agen-
cies, shall develop a long-term strategy-
(1) to carry out the policy set forth in sec-
effectively counter the
power" political influence operations of the
Communist Party globally
(3) to ensure that United States citizens,
Chinese Americans and mem-
Taiwanese, and Tibetan diaspora who
are often the victims and primary targets of
(2) SHARP POWER.—The term "sharp power"
means the coordinated and often concealed
application of disinformation, media manip-
targeted investments,
and academic
censorship that is intended—
mental institutions and interfere in
cratic elections
and encourage self-censor-
ship of views at odds with those of the Gov-
ernment of the People's Republic of China or
the Chinese Communist Party; or
(B) to foster attitudes, behavior, decisions,
or outcomes in Taiwan and elsewhere that
support the interests of the Government of
the People's Republic of China or the Chi-
nese Communist Party.
SA 4366. Mr. RUBIO submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of
the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy,
to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title XII, add the following:
Subtitle H-Countering Chinese Influence
This subtitle may be cited as the "Coun-
Political Influence
cratic institutions or freedoms;
to protect United States citizens and
legal residents from malign or coercive polit-
(4) to enhance cooperation and coordina-
Canada, New Zealand, Japan, Taiwan, Singa-
Union, whose governments and institutions
have faced acute pressure from the political
influence operations of the Government of
the People's Republic of China and the Chi-
nese Communist Party, and with other allies
countries in Africa, the Western Hemisphere,
Southeast Asia, and elsewhere are aware of
tactics, including the Chinese Com-
munist Party's party-to-party training pro-
gram, which is designed to instill admiration
and emulation of Beijing's governance model
and weaken democracy in these regions, and
provide needed capacity to counter them ef-
implement more advanced trans-
parency requirements concerning collabora-
tion with Chinese actors for media agencies,
universities, think tanks,
(1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
TEES.—The term
"appropriate congressional
(7) to use various forums to raise aware-
Committee on Appropriations of
(B) the Committee on Armed Services of
(C) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
(A) the goals and methods of the political
influence operations of the Government of
the People's Republic of China and the Chi-
nese Communist Party; and
(B) common patterns and approaches used
by Chinese intelligence agencies or related
(D) the Committee on Health, Education,
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate;
(E) the Committee on the Judiciary of the
(8) to require greater transparency for Con-
fucius Institutes, think tanks, academic pro-
grams, and nongovernmental organizations
(F) the Select Committee on Intelligence
funded primarily by the Government of the
People's Republic of China and the Chinese
(G) the Committee on Banking, Housing;
Communist Party, or by individuals or pub-
and Urban Affairs of the Senate;
lic or private
organizations with a demon-
(H) the Committee on Appropriations of
strable affiliation with the Government of
the House of Representatives;
the People's Republic of China and the Chi-
(I) the Committee on Armed Services of
nese Communist Party that are operating in
the House of Representatives;
United States
to register through
(J) the Committee on Education and Labor
Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 (22
of the House of Representatives;
U.S.C. 611 et seq.) or a comparable mecha-
(K) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of nism;
the House of Representatives;
(9) to seek ways to increase Chinese lan-
(L) the Committee on the Judiciary of the guage proficiency among mid-career profes-
sionals that do not rely on funding linked to
(4) to ensure that-
(A) the United States Government strategy
paragraph (3) is clearly communicated by
relevant Federal officials; and
(B) secure outlets are created for reporting
on intimidation and surveillance;
(5) to ensure that Chinese nationals who
are legally studying, living, or working tem-
porarily in the United States know that in-
ment of the People's Republic of China and
the Chinese Communist Party is an unac-
ceptable invasion of their rights while they
(6) to provide secure outlets for reporting
on intimidation and surveillance; and
(7) to identify new tools or authorities nec-
essary to implement this strategy
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, and
annually thereafter, the Secretary of State
high-ranking official
a classified annex,
the strategy required under subsection (a) to
the appropriate congressional committees;
(2) describe the strategy required
mony before the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations of the Senate or the Committee on
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-
REPORT ON THE POLITICAL INFLU-
ENCE OPERATIONS OF THE GOVERN-
MENT OF CHINA AND THE CHINESE
(a) IN GENERAL.-
United States policymakers
American people to be informed about the
operations described
1293, not later than 270 days after the date of
thereafter, the Secretary of State, in coordi-
nation with the Director of National Intel-
ligence, and in consultation with the heads
of relevant Federal departments and agen-

===== PAGE 82 =====
{"alpha_words": 1224, "chars": 8475, "method": "ocr", "page": 82, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
which may include a classified annex, to the
appropriate congressional committees that
describes the political influence operations
of the Government of the People's Republic
of China and the Chinese Communist Party
affecting the United States and select allies
and partners, including the United Kingdom,
and Japan, including efforts-
(1) to exert influence over United States
governmental or nongovernmental institu-
tions or individuals, or government officials
among United States allies and partners;
(2) to coerce or threaten United States citi-
zens or legal permanent residents or their
families and associates living in China or
undermine democratic institutions
and the freedoms of speech,
expression, the
press, association, assembly, religion, or aca-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
President under the International
gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701
et seq.) to the extent necessary to block and
prohibit all transactions in property and in-
terests in property of the foreign person if
such property and interests in property are
in the United States, come within the United
States, or are or come within the possession
or control of a United States person.
(2) INELIGIBILITY FOR VISAS, ADMISSION, OR
(A) VISAS, ADMISSION, OR PAROLE.—An alien
described in subsection (a) is-
(i) inadmissible to the United States;
(ii) ineligible to receive a visa or other doc-
umentation to enter the United States; and
(iii) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or
paroled into the United States or to receive
any other benefit under the Immigration and
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.).
(B) CURRENT VISAS REVOKED.
(i) IN GENERAL.—An alien described in sub-
section (a) is subject to revocation of any
visa or other entry documentation regardless
of when the visa or other entry documenta-
tion is or was issued.
S7889
"admitted", and "alien"
have the meanings given those terms in sec-
tion 101 of the Immigration and Nationality
means any person that is not a
public fora, in the United States and abroad;
(5) to develop or obtain property, facilities,
infrastructure, business entities, or other as-
sets for use in facilitating the activities de-
scribed in paragraphs (1) through (4).
(b) CONTENTS.—The report required under
subsection (a) shall include recommenda-
tions for the President and Congress relating
(1) the need for additional resources or au-
thorities to counter political influence oper-
ations in the United States directed by the
Government of the
China and the Chinese Communist Party, in-
cluding operations carried out in concert
(2) whether a permanent office to monitor
and respond to political influence operations
of the Government of the People's Republic
of China and the Chinese Communist Party
should be established within the Department
of State or within the Office of the Director
of National Intelligence; and
(3) whether regular public reports on the
political influence operations of the Govern-
ment of the People's Republic of China and
the Chinese Communist Party are needed to
inform Congress and the American people of
the scale and scope of such operations.
SA 4367. Mr. RUBIO submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add
SEC. 1253. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-
STALLATIONS OF PEOPLE'S LIBERA-
(a) IN GENERAL.—The President shall im-
pose the sanctions described in subsection (b)
with respect to each foreign person that the
President determines facilitates the estab-
stallation of the People's Liberation Army
outside of the People's Republic of China.
(b) SANCTIONS DESCRIBED.—The sanctions
to be imposed under subsection (a) with re-
spect to a foreign person described in that
subsection are the following:
(1) ASSET BLOCKING.—The President shall
exercise all of the powers granted to the
(I) take effect immediately; and
(II) automatically cancel any other valid
visa or entry documentation that is in the
(C) IMPLEMENTATION; PENALTIES.-
(1) IMPLEMENTATION.—The President may
provided to the
President under sections 203 and 205 of the
International Emergency Economic Powers
Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to the extent
necessary to carry out this section.
(2) PENALTIES.
—A person that violates, at-
tempts to violate, conspires to violate,
or
causes a violation of subsection (b)(1) or any
regulation, license, or order issued to carry
out that subsection shall be subject to the
penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (C)
of section 206 of the International Emer-
gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705)
to the same extent as a person that commits
an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of
TIES.—Sanctions under this section shall not
apply to any activity subject to the report-
ing requirements under title V of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et
any authorized intelligence activi-
ties of the United States.
NATIONAL OBLIGATIONS AND FOR LAW ENFORCE-
section (b)(2) shall not apply with respect to
an alien if admitting or paroling the alien
into the United States is necessary
(A) to permit the United States to comply
Agreement regarding the Head-
Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into
force November 21,
1947, between the United
Nations and the United States, or other ap-
plicable international obligations; or
(B) to carry out or assist law enforcement
activity in the United States.
(3) EXCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF
'United States person" means-
(A) an individual who is a
United States
citizen or an alien lawfully admitted for per-
manent residence to the United States;
(B) an entity organized under the laws of
the United States or any jurisdiction within
the United States, including a foreign branch
(C) any person in the United States.
Mr. RUBIO (for himself,
FEINSTEIN, and Mr. BLUNT) sub-
an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year,
and for other purposes;
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
SANCTIONING AND STOPPING
RANSOMWARE.
(a) CYBERSECURITY STANDARDS FOR CRIT-
ICAL INFRASTRUCTURE.—
(1) IN GENERAL.
Title XXII of the Home-
land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 651 et seq.)
is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing:
"Subtitle C—Cybersecurity Standards for
Critical Infrastructure
STRUCTURE ENTITY.
'In this subtitle, the term 'critical infra-
ator of critical infrastructure
"SEC. 2232 CYBERSECURITY STANDARDS.
'(a) IN GENERAL.
-The Secretary,
sultation with the Director of the Cybersecu-
shall develop and promulgate mandatory cy-
bersecurity standards for critical infrastruc-
'(b) HARMONIZATION AND INCORPORATION.—
In developing the cybersecurity standards re-
quired under subsection (a),
the Secretary
'(1) to the greatest extent practicable, en-
sistent with Federal regulations existing as
of the date on enactment of this section; and
quirements to impose sanctions authorized
under this section shall not include the au-
thority or a requirement to impose sanctions
on the importation of goods.
(B) GOOD DEFINED.—In this paragraph,
means any article, natural or
product, including inspection
and test equipment, and excluding technical
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
Technology, ensure that the cybersecurity
standards incorporate, to the greatest extent
practicable, the standards developed with fa-
cilitation and support from the Director of
Technology under section 2(c)(15) of the Na-
tional Institute of Standards and Technology
Act (15 U.S.C. 272(c)(15)).
frequently than annually, the Secretary, in
coordination with the heads of Sector Risk
Management Agencies, shall assess the com-
pliance of each critical infrastructure entity
with the cybersecurity standards developed
under subsection (a)."
(2) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING
MENT.—The table of contents in section 1(b)

===== PAGE 83 =====
{"alpha_words": 1111, "chars": 7918, "method": "ocr", "page": 83, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7890
of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public
Law 107-296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by
adding at the end the following:
"Subtitle C-Cybersecurity Standards for
"Sec. 2231. Definition of critical infrastruc-
"Sec. 2232. Cybersecurity standards.".
(b) REGULATION
CRYPTOCURRENCY EX-
(1) SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.—Not later
than 180 days after the date of enactment of
this Act, the
of the Treasury
quirements for cryptocurrency exchanges op-
erating within the United States to reduce
the anonymity of users and accounts sus-
records available to the Federal Government
in connection with ransomware incidents;
(B) submit to Congress a report with any
recommendations that may be necessary re-
garding cryptocurrency
conjunction with ransomware.
General shall determine what information
should be preserved by cryptocurrency ex-
changes to facilitate law enforcement inves-
(C) DESIGNATION OF STATE SPONSORS OF
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(B) COUNTRY OF ORIGIN REPORT.—The Sec-
retary of State, in consultation with the Di-
rector of National Intelligence and the
Di-
rector of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-
(i) submit a report, with a classified annex,
to the Committee on Foreign
the Senate, the Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the senate, the Committee on For-
eign Affairs of the House of Representatives,
and the Permanent Select Committee on In-
that identifies the country of origin of for-
eign-based ransomware attacks; and
(il) make the report described in clause (1)
(excluding the classified annex) available to
(C) INVESTIGATIVE AUTHORITIES REPORT.—
Not later than 180 days after the date of the
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States shall issue a report
that outlines the authorities available to the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, the United
States Secret Service, the Cybersecurity and
Infrastructure Security Agency,
land Security Investigations, and the Office
of Foreign Assets Control to respond to for-
eign-based ransomware attacks.
CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE AS A NATIONAL IN-
TELLIGENCE PRIORITY:
(1) CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE DEFINED.—In
structure' has the meaning given such term
in subsection (e) of the Critical Infrastruc-
November 4, 2021
(C) FORM.—The report submitted under
subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in un-
classified form, but may include a classified
(e) RANSOMWARE OPERATION REPORTING CA-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Title XXII of the Home-
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 651 et
seq.), as amended by subsection (a)(1) of this
section, is amended by adding at the end the
"Subtitle D-Ransomware Operation
DESIGNATION OF STATE SPONSORS OF
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
State, in consultation with the Director of
National Intelligence, shall—
ransomware any country the government of
which the Secretary has determined has pro-
schemes (including by providing safe haven
for individuals engaged in such schemes);
(ii) submit to Congress a report listing the
countries designated under clause (i); and
(iii) in making designations under clause
(i), take into consideration the report sub-
(B) SANCTIONS AND PENALTIES.—The Presi-
dent shall impose with respect to each state
sponsor of ransomware designated under sub-
paragraph (A)(1) the sanctions and penalties
imposed with respect to a state sponsor of
(2) RANSOMWARE THREATS TO CRITICAL IN-
PRIORITY.—The Director of National Intel-
ligence, pursuant to the provisions of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3001 et
seq.), the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism
Prevention Act of 2004 (Public Law 108-458),
section 1.3(b)(17) of Executive Order 12333 (50
3001 note; relating to United States
day before the date of the enactment of this
Act, and National Security Presidential Di-
rective-26 (February 24, 2003; relating to in-
telligence priorities), as in effect on the day
before the date of the enactment of this Act,
shall deem ransomware threats
ority component to the National Intelligence
Priorities Framework.
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Director of National Intelligence shall,
in consultation with the Director of the Fed-
eral Bureau of Investigation, submit to the
Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-
ate and the Permanent Select Committee on
sponsor of terrorism'
means a country the
government of which the Secretary of State
has determined has repeatedly provided sup-
port for acts of international terrorism, for
(i) section 1754(c)(1)(A)(i) of the
ransomware threat to United States national
(ii) section 620A of the Foreign Assistance
(iii) section 40(d) of the Arms Export Con-
trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2780(d)); or
(iv) any other provision of law.
(2) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.
(A) SANCTIONS RELATING TO
REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after the
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall submit a report
to Congress that describes, for each of the 5
fiscal years immediately preceding the date
of such report, the number and geographic
locations of individuals, groups, and entities
subject to sanctions imposed by the Office of
quently determined to have been involved in
a ransomware demand scheme.
under subparagraph (A) shall address the fol-
(i) Identification of individuals, groups,
and entities who pose the most significant
threat, including
attribution to individual
ransomware attacks whenever possible.
groups, and entities conduct ransomware at-
(iii) The infrastructure,
tactics, and tech-
niques ransomware actors commonly use.
(iv) Any relationships between the individ-
ransomware attacks and their governments
or countries of origin that could impede the
ability to counter ransomware threats.
Intelligence gaps
rently are, impeding the ability to counter
"In this subtitle:
'(1) DEFINITIONS FROM SECTION 2201.—The
definitions in section 2201 shall apply to this
subtitle, except as otherwise provided.
'(2) AGENCY.—The term
the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-
'(3) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
-The term 'appropriate congressional
'(A) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate;
'(B) the Select Committee on Intelligence
'(C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the
'(D) the Committee on Homeland Security
of the House of Representatives;
'(E) the Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence of the House of Representatives;
'(F) the Committee on the Judiciary of the
House of Representatives.
'(4) COVERED ENTITY.—The term 'covered
entity' means-
'(A) a Federal contractor;
'(B) an owner or operator of critical infra-
non-government entity that
vides cybersecurity incident response serv-
'(D) any other entity determined appro-
priate by the Secretary, in coordination with
the head of any other appropriate depart-
'(5) CRITICAL FUNCTION.—The term 'critical
function' means any action or operation that
is necessary to maintain critical infrastruc-
'(6) DIRECTOR.—The term 'Director' means
the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infra-
'(7) FEDERAL AGENCY.—The term 'Federal
agency' has the meaning given the term
in section 3502 of title 44, United
'(8) FEDERAL CONTRACTOR.—The term 'Fed-
'(A) means a contractor or subcontractor
(at any tier) of the United States Govern-
'(B) does not include a contractor or sub-
contractor that is a party only to-
"(i) a service
contract to provide house-
keeping or custodial services; or
'(ii) a contract to provide products or serv-
that is below the micro-purchase threshold
(as defined in section 2.101 of title 48, Code of
Federal Regulations, or any successor there-
''(9) INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY.—The term
given the term in section 11101 of title 40,
United States Code.
'ransomware' means any type of malicious
"(A) prevents the legitimate owner or op-
erator of an information system or network
from accessing electronic data, files,
sys-
tems, or networks; and
'(B) demands the payment of a ransom for
the return of access to the electronic data,

===== PAGE 84 =====
{"alpha_words": 1071, "chars": 7935, "method": "ocr", "page": 84, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
files, systems, or networks described in sub- thereafter, the Director shall submit to the
appropriate congressional committees a re-
NOTIFICATION.—The
which shall include,
term 'ransomware notification' means a no-
with respect to the 1-year period preceding
tification of a ransomware operation.
'(12) RANSOMWARE OPERATION.—The term
'ransomware operation' means a specific in-
stance in which ransomware affects the in-
formation systems or networks owned or op-
'(A) the number of notifications received
through the System; and
"(B) the actions taken in connection with
the notifications described in subparagraph
'(A) a covered entity; or
bilities established under section 2242(b).
OPERATION REPORTING SYSTEM.
"(a) DESIGNATION.-
the designated agency within the Federal
ation notifications from other Federal agen-
cies and covered entities in accordance with
ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later
days after the date of enactment of this sub-
ransomware operation reporting capabilities
cure, and confidential ransomware notifica-
tions by Federal agencies and covered enti-
ASSESSMENT.—The Director
"(1) assess the security of the System not
less frequently than once every 2 years; and
"(2) as soon as is practicable after con-
ducting an assessment under
make any necessary corrective measures to
accept classified submissions and
'(2) to accept a ransomware notification
from any entity, regardless of whether the
entity is a covered entity.
"(e) LIMITATIONS ON USE OF INFORMATION.—
Any ransomware notification submitted
'(A) section 552 of title 5, United States
Code (commonly referred to as the 'Freedom
of Information Act''), in accordance with
subsection (b)(3)(B) of such section 552; and
'(B) any State, Tribal, or local law requir-
ing the disclosure of information or records;
"(A) admitted as evidence in any civil or
criminal action brought against the victim
of the ransomware operation; or
"(B) subject to a subpoena, unless the sub-
poena is issued by Congress for congressional
oversight purposes.
'(f) PRIVACY AND PROTECTION.-
"(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than the date
on which the Director establishes the sys-
tem, Director shall adopt privacy and protec-
System that,
at the time of
the submission, is known to contain—
'(A) the personal information of a specific
'(B) information that identifies a specific
individual that is not directly related to a
'(2) MODEL FOR PROTECTIONS.—The Direc-
the privacy and protection
procedures adopted under paragraph (1) on
the privacy and protection procedures devel-
pursuant to the Cybersecurity Information
Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.).
'(1) DIRECTOR
Not later than 1 year after the date on which
the System is established and once each year
'(2) SECRETARY REPORTING REQUIREMENT.
Not later than 1 year after the date on which
year thereafter, the Secretary shall submit
to the appropriate congressional committees
a report on the types of ransomware oper-
ransom is requested that are required to be
submitted as a ransomware notification, not-
changes from the previous submis-
'(3) FORM.—Any report required under this
subsection may be submitted in a classified
"SEC. 2243. REQUIRED NOTIFICATIONS.
'(1) RANSOMWARE NOTIFICATION.—Not later
ransomware operation that compromises, is
wise materially affects the performance of a
critical function by a Federal agency or cov-
Federal agency or covered
entity that discovered the ransomware oper-
ation shall submit a ransomware notifica-
tion to the system.
"(2) INCLUSION.—A Federal agency or cov-
ered entity shall submit a ransomware noti-
fication under paragraph (1) of a ransomware
operation discovered by the Federal agency
or covered entity even if the ransomware op-
eration does not occur on a system of the
Federal agency or covered entity.
'(b) REQUIRED UPDATES.—A Federal agency
or covered entity that submits a ransomware
notification under subsection (a) shall, upon
discovery of new information and not less
frequently than once every 5 days until the
date on which the ransomware operation is
mitigated and any follow-up investigation is
threat information to the System.
after a Federal agency or covered
entity issues a ransom payment relating to a
or covered entity shall submit to the System
details of the ransom payment, including—
'(1) the method of payment;
"(2) the amount of the payment; and
"(3) the recipient of the payment.
RULEMAKING.—Notwith-
standing any provision of this title that may
restrict the promulgation of rules,
not later than 180 days after the date of en-
actment of this subtitle, the Secretary, act-
the Director, in coordination
Director of National Intelligence
and the Attorney General, without regard to
the notice and comment rule making re-
United States Code, and accepting comments
after the effective date, shall promulgate in-
terim final rules that define-
ransomware notification is required
submitted under subsection (a)(1);
'(2) the ransomware operation information
that shall be included in a ransomware noti-
fication required under this section; and
'(3) the information that shall be included
in a ransom payment disclosure required
"(e) REQUIRED COORDINATION WITH SECTOR
AGENCIES.—The
retary, in coordination with the head of each
Sector Risk Management Agency, shall-
'(1) establish a set of reporting criteria for
Sector Risk Management Agencies to submit
ransomware notifications to the System; and
'(2) take steps to harmonize the criteria
latory reporting requirements in effect on
the date of enactment of this subtitle.
'(f) PROTECTION FROM LIABILITY.-
106 of the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C.
1505) shall apply to a Federal agency or cov-
ered entity required to submit a ransomware
'(1) COVERED ENTITIES.—If a covered entity
violates the requirements of this subtitle,
the General Services Administration, which
may include removal from the Federal Con-
'(2) FEDERAL AGENCIES.—If a Federal agen-
cy violates the requirements of this subtitle,
the violation shall be referred to the inspec-
treated as a matter of urgent concern.".
(2) TABLE OF CONTENTS.—The table of con-
tents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Secu-
rity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107-296; 116 Stat.
2135), as amended by subsection (a)(2) of this
section, is further amended by adding at the
"Sec. 2242. Establishment of ransomware op-
eration reporting system.
"Sec. 2243. Required notifications.
MENTS.—Section 2202(c) of the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 652(c)) is amend-
(A) by redesignating the second and third
paragraphs (12) as paragraphs (14) and (15),
respectively; and
(B) by inserting before paragraph (14), as so
redesignated, the following:
"(13) carry out
responsibilities de-
ransomware operation reporting system;'
(f) DUTIES OF THE CYBERSECURITY AND IN-
FRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Subtitle A of title XXII of
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C.
(A) by redesignating section 2217 (6 U.S.C.
(B) by redesignating section 2216 (6 U.S.C.
665e) as section 2219;
(C) by redesignating the fourth section 2215
Sector Risk Management Agen-
cies) (6 U.S.C. 665d) as section 2218;
(D) by redesignating the third section 2215
(relating to the Cybersecurity State Coordi-
nator) (6 U.S.C. 665c) as section 2217;
2215 (relating to the Joint Cyber Planning
Office) (6 U.S.C. 665b) as section 2216; and
(F) by adding after section 2220, as so re-
"SEC. 2220A. INFORMATION SYSTEM AND NET-
'(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
'(1) COVERED ENTITY.—The term 'covered
entity' has the meaning given the term in
'(2) ELIGIBLE ENTITY.—The term 'eligible
'(A) means a covered entity; and
'(B) does not include an owner or operator
of critical infrastructure that is not in com-
pliance with the cybersecurity standards de-
veloped under section 2232(a).
-The term 'Fund' means the In-
System and Network Security
Fund established under subsection (b)(1).
'(b) INFORMATION SYSTEM AND NETWORK

===== PAGE 85 =====
{"alpha_words": 1108, "chars": 7883, "method": "ocr", "page": 85, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established
in the Treasury of the United States a trust
'Information Sys-
tem and Network Security Fund'.
of such amounts as may be appropriated for
GENERAL.—Amounts deposited
the Fund shall remain available through the
end of the tenth fiscal year beginning after
'(ii) REMAINDER TO TREASURY.—Any unob-
ligated balances in the Fund after the date
described in clause (i) are rescinded and shall
be transferred to the general fund of the
GENERAL.—Amounts deposited in
the Fund shall be
available to the Director
to distribute to eligible entities pursuant to
this subsection, in such amounts as the Di-
determines appropriate, subject
subparagraph (B).
'(B) DISTRIBUTION.—The amounts distrib-
uted to eligible entities under this paragraph
shall be made for a specific network security
purpose, including to enable network recov-
ery from an event affecting the network cy-
bersecurity of the eligible entity.
'(4) ADMINISTRATION OF FUND.-
tor, in consultation with the Secretary and
in coordination with the head of each Sector
Risk Management Agency, shall-
'(A) establish criteria for distribution of
amounts under paragraph (3); and
"(B) administer the Fund to support net-
work security for eligible entities.
REQUIRED.—For
year for which amounts in the Fund are
available under this subsection, the Director
shall submit to Congress a report that-
"(A) describes how, and to
which eligible
entities, amounts from the Fund have been
'(B) details the criteria established under
paragraph (4)(A); and
'(C) includes any additional information
that the Director determines appropriate, in-
cluding projected requested
for the next fiscal year.
'(C) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.-
There are authorized to be appropriated for
deposit in the Fund $1,500,000,000, which shall
available until the last day
tenth fiscal year beginning after the fiscal
priated for deposit in the Fund.
PUBLIC AWARENESS OF CYBERSE-
"(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of enactment of this section,
the Director shall establish a public aware-
ness campaign relating to the cybersecurity
services of the Federal Government.
APPROPRIATIONS.—
There are authorized to be appropriated to
the Director $10,000,000 for each of fiscal
years 2022 through 2031 to carry out sub-
"SEC. 2220C. DARK WEB ANALYSIS.
'(a) DEFINITION OF DARK WEB.—In this sec-
tion, the term 'dark web' means a part of the
internet that-
'(1) cannot be accessed through standard
'(2) requires specific software, configura-
tions, or authorizations for access.
"(b) AUTHORITY TO ANALYZE.—The Director
may monitor the internet, including the
dark web, for evidence of a compromise to
'(C) MONITORING CAPABILITIES.—The Direc-
tor shall develop, institute,
pabilities to carry out the authority of the
Director under subsection (b).
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(d) NOTIFICATION.—If the Director finds
credible evidence of a compromise to critical
infrastructure under subsection (c), as soon
as is practicable after the finding, the Direc-
tor shall notify the owner or operator of the
manner that protects the sources and meth-
TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING
MENTS.—Section 2202(c) of the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 652(c)) is amend-
(A) in the first paragraph (12), by striking
"section 2215" and inserting "section 2217";
(B) by redesignating the second and third
paragraphs (12) as paragraphs (13) and (14),
(3) TABLE OF CONTENTS.—The table of con-
tents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Secu-
rity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107-296; 116 Stat.
2135) is amended by striking the item relat-
through the item relating to section 2217 and
inserting the following:
2214. National Asset Database.
"Sec. 2215. Duties
to gov internet domain.
"Sec. 2216. Joint Cyber Planning Office.
2217. Cybersecurity State Coordinator.
"Sec. 2218. Sector Risk Management Agen-
"Sec. 2219. Cybersecurity Advisory Com-
"Sec. 2220. Cybersecurity
training programs.
education and
"Sec. 2220B. Public awareness of cybersecu-
"Sec. 2220C. Dark web analysis."
(4) ADDITIONAL TECHNICAL AMENDMENT.—
DOTGOV Act of 2020 (title IX of division U of
Public Law 116-260) is amended, in the mat-
ter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking
"Homeland Security Act of 2002''.
made by subparagraph (A) shall take effect
as if enacted as part of the DOTGOV Act of
2020 (title IX of division U of Public Law 116-
November 4, 2021
'(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director may";
(A) as redesignated by paragraph (2), by re-
designating subparagraphs (C) through (H) as
subparagraphs (D) through (I), respectively;
(B) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the
following new subparagraph (C):
Forces on a detail from an element of the in-
telligence community (as defined in section 3
U.S.C. 3003)) or from another element of the
Federal Government on a nonreimbursable
basis, as jointly agreed to by the heads of the
receiving and detailing elements,
riod not to exceed three years;"; and
(4) by adding at the end the following new
'(2) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING DE-
-Paragraph (1)(C)
strued to impose any limitation on any other
authority for reimbursable or nonreimburs-
able details. A nonreimbursable detail made
under such paragraph shall not be considered
an augmentation of the appropriations of the
element of the Office of the Na-
tional Cyber Director."
SA 4370. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
• MODERNIZATION OF NATIONAL SE-
(a) PENALTY FOR EXTRATERRITORIAL KILL-
ING OF A UNITED STATES NATIONAL FOR TER-
United States Code, is amended-
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting 'in the
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3)
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively;
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
"(2) if the killing is murder in the second
degree (as defined in section 1111(a)), be fined
under this title, punished by imprisonment
for any term of years or for life, or both;';
(4) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by
SA 4369. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself,
Mr. PETERS, Ms. SINEMA, and Mr. KING)
submitted an amendment intended to
be proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the appropriate place in title XVI, in-
• AUTHORITY FOR NATIONAL CYBER
DIRECTOR TO ACCEPT DETAILS ON
1752(e) of the
Thornberry National Defense
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116-283)
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through
(8) as subparagraphs (A) through (H), respec-
subparagraphs
(2) in the matter before subparagraph (A),
as redesignated by paragraph (1), by striking
(5) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by
"three years"
(b) CLARIFYING UNITED STATES JURISDIC-
TION IN CONSPIRACY CASES.—Section 956 of
title 18, United States Code, is amended-
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ", with-
in the jurisdiction of the United States,";
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ', within
the jurisdiction of the United States,"
(C) EXPANDING OFFENSE OF HOSTAGE TAKING
States Code, is amended-
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting after 're-
lease of the person detained," the following:
"or in order to coerce, intimidate, or retali-
ate against a governmental organization or a

===== PAGE 86 =====
{"alpha_words": 1116, "chars": 7896, "method": "ocr", "page": 86, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
timidated, or retaliated against"; and
paragraph (2), by inserting after
timidated, or retaliated against'.
(d) EXPANDING AVAILABILITY
VISED RELEASE IN TERRORISM-RELATED JUVE-
NILE PROCEEDINGS.—
18, United States Code, is amended—
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph
(A), by striking "may not extend';
(B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and
adjusting the margins accordingly;
(C) by inserting before clause (i), as so re-
designated, the following:
"(A) except as provided in
Dy in subparagraph (a). as so dosignated
so redesignated, by
striking "a term that extends"; and
(ii) in clause (il), as so redesignated
(I) by striking "a term that extends'; and
(II) by striking the period at the end and
(E) by adding at the end the following:
'(B) may not extend beyond the date that
is 10 years after the date when the juvenile
becomes 21 years old if the juvenile-
'(i) is charged with an offense listed in sec-
tion 2332b(g)(5)(B); and
'(ii) is eligible under section 5032 for a mo-
transfer to adult status, but is not
transferred to adult status.";
(2) in paragraph (5), in the fifth sentence,
by inserting after '26th birthday,
"in the case of a juvenile described
in paragraph (2)(B), no term of official deten-
tion may continue beyond the juvenile's 31st
(3) in paragraph (6), in the second sentence,
by inserting after
"26th birthday,"
lowing: "in the case of a juvenile described
in paragraph (2)(B), no term of juvenile de-
linquent supervision may continue beyond
the juvenile's 31st birthday,"
(e) EXPANDING USE OF SUPERVISED RELEASE
FOR CONVICTED TERRORISTS.-
of title 18, United States Code, is amended—
(1) by striking "for any offense"
(2) by striking the period at the end and in-
(3) by adding at the end the following:
'(2) an offense under section 371 (relating
to conspiracy to commit offense against or
defraud the United States), when the charge
predicate for the con-
spiracy, is not more than 10 years."
CLASSIFIED INFORMATION UNDER THE CLASSI-
FIED INFORMATION PROCEDURES ACT.—Section
Classified Information Procedures
Act (18 U.S.C. App.) is amended-
(1) by striking
"The court, upon" and in-
serting the following:
(2) by adding at the end the following:
withhold, or otherwise ob-
tain other relief under subsection (a) with re-
spect to the discovery of any classified infor-
mation, the United States may object to the
supported by an ex parte declaration signed
by any knowledgeable official of the United
States possessing authority to classify such
information that sets forth the identifiable
damage to the national security that the dis-
closure of such information reasonably could
be expected to cause.".
(g) CLARIFYING APPLICATION OF CLASSIFIED
INFORMATION PROCEDURES ACT IN JUVENILE
PROCEEDINGS.—Section 1 of the Classified In-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
formation Procedures Act (18 U.S.C. App.) is
amended by adding at the end the following:
'(c) In this Act, the terms 'criminal pros-
'criminal case', and 'criminal pro-
ceeding', and any related terms, include pro-
ceedings under chapter 403 of title 18, United
CLARIFYING THAT TERRORISTS MAY
UNDER JUVENILE TRANSFER PROVISION.—
(1) DELINQUENCY PROCEEDINGS IN DISTRICT
TION.—Section 5032 of title 18, United States
Code, is amended-
(A) in the first undesignated paragraph
(i) by striking "or section 1002(a)," and in-
serting "section 1002(a),"; and
(ii) by striking "section 922(x) or section
924(b), (g), or (h)" and inserting
922(x), 924(b), (g), or (h), or 2332b(g)(5) (B)';
(B) in the fourth undesignated paragraph—
(I) by striking "or section 1002(a)," and in-
serting "section 1002(a),"; and
title, or in section 924(b), (g), or (h)" and in-
serting "or section 922(x), 924(b), (g), or (h),
or 2332b(g) (5)(B)';
(ii) in the second sentence—
(I) by striking 'crime of violence is an of-
and inserting crime is an oi-
(II) by inserting "or 2332b(g) (5)(B)," after
(iii) in the fourth sentence, by striking "(i)
and inserting
(2) USE OF JUVENILE RECORDS.—Section 5038
of title 18, United States Code, is amended-
(A) in subsection (d), in the first sentence-
"or section 1001(a)," and in-
serting ", section 1001(a),"; and
(ii) by inserting 'or
section 2332b(g) (5)(B)
after 'Controlled Substances
Import and Export Act,'; and
(i) by striking "or section 1001(a)," and in-
serting ", section 1001(a),"; and
(ii) by inserting "or section 2332b(g)(5)(B)
after "Controlled Substances
Import and Export Act,".
SA 4371. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
• NATIONAL DEEPFAKE AND DIGITAL
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) DIGITAL CONTENT FORGERY.—The term
"digital content forgery" means the use of
(A) a private sector or nonprofit organiza-
(B) an institution of higher education.
(4) INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION.-
"institution of higher education" has
the meaning given the term in section 101 of
the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C.
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and
(B) the Committee on Homeland Security
and the Committee on Oversight and Reform
of the House of Representatives.
SECRETARY.—The
means the Secretary of Homeland Security.
teptake and Proce
established under sub-
(b) ESTABLISHMENT OF TASK FORCE.
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary, in co-
ordination with the Director of the Office of
Science and Technology Policy, shall estab-
lish a task force,
to be known as
tional Deepfake Provenance Task Force"
(A) investigate the feasibility of, and ob-
developing and deploying stand-
ards and technologies for determining digital
(B) propose policy changes to reduce the
proliferation and impact of digital content
forgeries, such as the adoption of digital con-
tent provenance and technology standards;
(C) serve as a formal mechanism for public
and private sector coordination and informa-
implementation of a coordinated plan to ad-
dress the growing threats posed by digital
(2) MEMBERSHIP.
(A) CO-CHAIRPERSONS.—The following shall
serve as co-chairpersons of the Task Force:
(i) The Secretary or a designee of the Sec-
(ii) The Director of the Office of Science
and Technology Policy or a designee of the
(B) COMPOSITION.—The Task Force shall be
composed of 12 members, of whom-
(i) 4 shall be representatives from the Fed-
eral Government,
(11) 4 shall be representatives from institu-
tions of higher education; and
(iii) 4 shall be representatives from private
(C) APPOINTMENT.—Not later than 120 days
after the date of enactment of this Act, the
co-chairpersons of the Task Force shall ap-
point members to the Task Force in accord-
subparagraph (A) from among
technical and legal experts in—
(iv) secure digital content and delivery;
niques, to fabricate or manipulate audio, vis-
ual, or text content with the intent to mis-
DIGITAL CONTENT PROVENANCE.—The
"digital content provenance"
the verifiable chronology of the origin and
history of a piece of digital content, such as
an image,
video, audio recording, or elec-
tronic document.
ENTITY.—The term "eligible
(viii) related subjects.
(D) TERM OF APPOINTMENT.—The term of a
member of the Task Force shall end on the
date described in subsection (g)(1).
(E) VACANCY.—Any vacancy occurring in
the membership of the Task Force shall be
filled in the same manner in which the origi-
nal appointment was made.
(F) EXPENSES FOR NON-FEDERAL MEMBERS.—
clauses (ii) and (iii) of subparagraph (B) shall
allowed travel
diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates author-

===== PAGE 87 =====
{"alpha_words": 1100, "chars": 7715, "method": "ocr", "page": 87, "variant": "plain-vision"}
chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code,
places of business in the performance of serv-
(1) IN GENERAL:
-The Task Force shall de-
velop a coordinated plan to—
(A) reduce the proliferation and impact of
ploring how the adoption of a digital content
provenance standard could assist with reduc-
ing the proliferation of digital content for-
(B) develop mechanisms for content cre-
ticity of original media and non-deceptive
(il) enable the public to validate the au-
thenticity of original media
and non-decep-
tive manipulations to establish digital con-
(C) increase the ability of internet compa-
organizations,
other relevant entities, and members of the
(i) meaningfully scrutinize and identify po-
tential digital content forgeries; and
(ii) relay trust and information about dig-
to content con-
paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) A Government-wide research and devel-
opment agenda to-
(i) improve technologies and systems to de-
tect digital content forgeries; and
(ii) relay information about digital content
provenance to content consumers.
(B) An assessment of the feasibility of, and
obstacles to, the deployment of technologies
and systems to capture, preserve, and dis-
play digital content provenance.
(C) An assessment of the feasibility of, and
challenges in, distinguishing between-
(i) benign or helpful alterations to digital
(ii) intentionally deceptive or obfuscating
alterations to digital content.
(D) A discussion of best practices, includ-
ing any necessary standards,
use of technologies and
systems to determine digital content prove-
nance and detect digital content forgeries.
(E) Conceptual proposals for necessary re-
search projects and experiments to further
nologies, systems, open standards, or other
means to detect digital content forgeries and
determine digital content provenance; and
(ii) reduce the incidence, proliferation, and
impact of digital content forgeries.
(G) Recommendations for models for pub-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
to deploy technologies and systems to deter-
mine digital content provenance or reduce
the proliferation of digital content forgeries,
including statutory or other proposed policy
(I) A determination of metrics to define
the success of-
(i) technologies or systems to detect dig-
(ii) technologies or systems to determine
digital content provenance; and
(iii) other efforts to reduce the incidence,
proliferation, and impact of digital content
(d) CONSULTATIONS.-In
section (c), the Task Force
(1) The Director of the National Science
(2) The National Academies of Sciences,
(3) The Director of the National Institute
of Standards and Technology.
(4) The Director of the Defense Advanced
(5) The Director of the Intelligence Ad-
vanced Research Projects Activity of the Of-
fice of the Director of National Intelligence.
(6) The Secretary of Energy.
(7) The Secretary of Defense.
(8) The Attorney General.
(10) The Federal Trade Commission.
(11) The United States Trade Representa-
(12) Representatives from private industry
and nonprofit organizations.
(13) Representatives from institutions of
other individuals as the Task
Force considers appropriate.
(1) IN GENERAL.—Staff of the Task Force
shall be comprised of detailees with exper-
tise in artificial intelligence or related fields
(A) the Department of Homeland Security;
(B) the National Institute of Standards and
(C) any other Federal agency the co-chair-
persons of the Task Force consider appro-
priate with the consent of the head of the
Federal agency.
(2) OTHER ASSISTANCE.
(A) IN GENERAL.—The co-chairpersons of
the Task Force may enter into an agreement
with an eligible entity for the temporary as-
signment of employees of the eligible entity
to the Task Force in accordance with
(B) APPLICATION OF ETHICS RULES.—An em-
ployee of an eligible entity assigned to the
Task Force under subparagraph (A)—
(i) shall be considered a special Govern-
ment employee for the purpose of Federal
law, including-
(I) chapter 11 of title 18, United
(II) the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5
U.S.C. App.); and
(ii) notwithstanding section 202(a) of title
18, United States Code, may be assigned to
the Task Force for a period of not more than
November 4, 2021
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year
after the date on which all of the appoint-
(b)(2)(C), the Task Force shall submit to the
committees the coordinated plan developed
under subsection (c)(1) in the form of an in-
terim report containing the findings, conclu-
sions, and recommendations of the
(B) CoNTenTS.—The report required under
subparagraph (A) shall include specific rec-
ommendations for ways to reduce
liferation and impact of digital content for-
including the deployment of tech-
nologies and systems to determine digital
(2) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the submission of the in-
Task Force shall submit to the President
relevant congressional committees
the coordinated plan developed under sub-
(C)(1) in the form of a final report
recommendations of the Task Force.
(3) REQUIREMENTS.—With respect
report submitted under this subsection-
(A) the Task Force shall make the report
publicly available; and
(i) shall be produced in an unclassified
(ii) may include a classified annex.
minate on the date that is 90 days after the
date on which the Task Force submits the
final report under subsection (f)(2).
-Upon the termination of the
Task Force under paragraph (1), each record
of the Task Force shall become a record of
the National Archives and Records Adminis-
SA 4372. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
• CRITICAL DOMAIN RESEARCH AND DE-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subtitle H of title VIII of
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C.
451 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end
the following new section:
"SEC. 890B. HOMELAND SECURITY CRITICAL DO-
including partnerships that sup-
port and collaborate on-
(i) industry practices and standards for de-
termining digital content provenance;
and user-friendly detection tools for the pub-
lic to reduce the proliferation and impact of
disinformation and digital content forgeries;
(iii) industry practices and standards for
documenting relevant research and progress
in machine learning and related areas; and
(iv) the means and methods for identifying
and addressing the technical and financial
infrastructure
that supports the prolifera-
tion
digital
content
forgeries,
such
inauthentic social media accounts and bank
accounts.
(H) An assessment of privacy and civil lib-
erties requirements associated with efforts
entered into with an eligible entity
subparagraph (A) shall require the eligible
entity to be responsible for any costs associ-
ated with the assignment of an employee to
(D) TERMINATION.—The co-chairpersons of
Force may terminate the assign-
under subparagraph (A) at any time and for
Secretary is authorized to conduct research
and development to—
mains for economic security and homeland
"(B) evaluate the extent to which disrup-
tion, corruption, exploitation, or dysfunction
of any of such domain poses a substantial
threat to homeland security.
'(A) RISK ANALYSIS OF CRITICAL DOMAINS.—
The research under paragraph (1)
risk analysis
United States critical domain for economic
security to determine the degree to which

===== PAGE 88 =====
{"alpha_words": 1162, "chars": 7981, "method": "ocr", "page": 88, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
there exists a present or future
homeland security in the event of disruption,
or dysfunction to
such domain. Such research shall consider,
to the extent possible, the following:
"(i) The vulnerability and resilience of rel-
evant supply chains.
"(il) Foreign production, processing, and
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
will undertake or has undertaken in response
'(C) DEFINITIONS.-
-In this section:
nomic security' means the condition of hav-
ing secure and resilient domestic production
capacity, combined with reliable access to
the global resources necessary to maintain
an acceptable standard of living and to pro-
'(iii) Influence of malign economic actors.
'(2) UNITED STATES CRITICAL DOMAINS FOR
States critical domains for economic secu-
the critical infrastructure and
associated industries,
tion thereof, that are essential to the eco-
nomic security of the United States.
'(d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.
$1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022 through
2026 to carry out this section."
contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107-296; 116
Stat. 2135) is amended by inserting after the
item relating to section 890A the following
"(vi) The degree
to which the conditions
referred to in clauses (i) through (v) would
place such a domain at risk of disruption,
corruption, exploitation, or dysfunction.
'(B) ADDITIONAL RESEARCH INTO HIGH-RISK
tion and risk analysis of United States crit-
ical domains for economic security pursuant
to paragraph (1) and subparagraph (A) of this
conduct additional research into those crit-
ical domains, or specific elements thereof,
with respect to which there exists the high-
est degree of a present or future threat to
homeland security in the event of disruption,
corruption, exploitation, or dysfunction to
such a domain. For each such high-risk do-
main, or element thereof, such research
'(i) describe the underlying infrastructure
"(ii)
analyze present and projected
per-
formance of industries that comprise or sup-
port such domain;
'(iii) examine the extent to which the sup-
ply chain of a product or service necessary to
such domain is concentrated, either through
a small number of sources,
or if multiple
sources are concentrated in one
geographic
area;
"(iv) examine the extent to which the de-
mand for supplies of goods and services of
such industries can be fulfilled by present
and projected performance of other indus-
tries, identify strategies,
plans, and poten-
tial barriers to expand the supplier indus-
and identify the barriers to the
participation of such other industries;
'(v) consider each such domain's perform-
ance capacities in stable economic environ-
adversarial supply conditions, and
under crisis economic constraints;
'(vi) identify and define needs and require-
ments to establish supply resiliency within
'(vii) consider the effects of sector consoli-
ther through mergers or acquisitions, or due
to recent geographic realignment, on such
"Sec. 890B. Homeland security critical do-
SA 4373. Mr. REED (for himself and
WHITEHOUSE)
submitted
an
amendment intended to
be pro-
posed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended
to be proposed to the bill H.R.
4350, to authorize appropriations
for fiscal year 2022 for military
activities of the Department of
Defense,
for military
construc-
tion, and for defense activities of
the
Department of Energy,
to
prescribe
military
personnel
strengths for such fiscal year, and
for other purposes; which was or-
dered to lie on the table; as fol-
lows:
appropriate place, insert the fol-
• ADDITION OF RHODE ISLAND TO THE
Section 302(a)(1)(B) of the Magnuson-Ste-
vens Fishery Conservation and Management
Act (16 U.S.C. 1852(a)(1)(B)) is amended-
search under paragraphs (1) and (2)(B), the
with appropriate
Federal agencies, including the Bureau of In-
State agencies, and private sec-
'(4) PUBLICATION.—Beginning 1 year after
the date of the enactment of this section, the
Secretary shall publish a report
information relating to the research under
paragraphs (1) and (2)(B), including findings,
"(b) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS.-
than 90 days after the publication of each re-
shall transmit to the Committee
on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-
resentatives and the Committee on Home-
land Security and Governmental Affairs of
the Senate each such report, together with a
description of actions the Secretary, in con-
sultation with appropriate Federal agencies,
(2) by inserting "Rhode Island," after "ex-
(3) by striking '21" and inserting '23"; and
(4) by striking '13' and inserting '14"'
SA 4374. Mr.
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended
to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department
for military construction,
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
appropriate place, insert the fol-
• EXTENSION OF PERIOD FOR ADJUST-
MENT OF STATUS FOR CERTAIN LI-
Section 7611(b)(1)(A) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020
(8 U.S.C. 1255 note) is amended by striking "2
years" and inserting "3 years".
SA 4375. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add
SEC. 1253. REPEAL OF SUNSET ON PROHIBITION
ON COMMERCIAL EXPORT OF CER-
TAIN COVERED MUNITIONS
TO HONG KONG POLICE FORCE.
The Act entitled "An Act to prohibit the
commercial export of covered munitions and
crime control items to the Hong Kong Police
approved November 27, 2019 (Public
Law 116-77; 133 Stat. 1173), as amended by
section 1252 of the William M. (Mac) Thorn-
berry National Defense Authorization Act
for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116-283), is
further amended by striking section 3.
SA 4376. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself
and Mr. RUBIO) submitted an amend-
ment
intended
to
be
proposed
to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense
activities of the
Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel
strengths
for
such
fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add
the following:
SEC. 1253. CHINA CENSORSHIP MONITOR AND AC-
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) QUALIFIED RESEARCH ENTITY.—The term
"qualified research entity" means an entity
(A) is a nonpartisan research organization
or a federally funded research and develop-
(B) has appropriate expertise and analyt-
ical capability to write the report required
(C) is free from any financial, commercial,
or other entanglements, which could under-
mine the independence of such report or cre-
ate a conflict of interest or the appearance of
a conflict of interest, with
(i) the Government of the People's Repub-
(ii) the Chinese Communist Party;
(iii) any company incorporated in the Peo-
ple's Republic of China or a subsidiary of any
company or entity incorporated
of the People's Republic of China
that is believed to have a substantial finan-
cial or commercial interest in the People's
'United States person" means
(A) a United States citizen or an alien law-
fully admitted for permanent residence
(B) an entity organized under the laws of
the United States or any jurisdiction within
the United States, including a foreign branch
(b) CHINA CENSORSHIP MONITOR AND ACTION

===== PAGE 89 =====
{"alpha_words": 1223, "chars": 7964, "method": "ocr", "page": 89, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(1) IN GENERAL.—The President shall estab-
lish an interagency task force,
be known as the "China Censorship Monitor
and Action Group" (referred to in this sub-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(B) FORM OF REPORT.—Each report sub-
mitted pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be
unclassified, but may include a classified
(A) appoint the chair of the Task Force
from among the staff of the National Secu-
(B) appoint the vice chair of the Task
Force from among the staff of the National
(C) direct the head of each of the following
branch agencies to appoint per-
sonnel to participate in the Task Force:
(1) The Department of state.
(ii) The Department of Commerce.
(iii) The Department of the Treasury.
(iv) The Department of Justice.
(v) The Office of the United States Trade
Representative.
(vi) The Office of the Director of National
Intelligence, and other appropriate elements
of the intelligence community (as defined in
section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947
(vii) The Federal Communications Com-
(viii) The United States Agency for Global
Other agencies designated by the
RESPONSIBILITIES.—The Task Force
(A) oversee the development and execution
of an integrated Federal Government strat-
egy to monitor and address the impacts of ef-
forts directed, or directly supported, by the
Government of the People's
China to censor or intimidate, in the United
States or in any of its possessions or terri-
tories, any United States person, including
United States companies that conduct busi-
ness in the People's Republic of China, which
their right to freedom of
(B) submit the strategy developed pursuant
to subparagraph (A) to the appropriate con-
committees not later
days after the date of the enactment of this
(4) MEETINGS.—The Task Force shall meet
not less frequently than twice per year.
should regularly consult, to the extent nec-
essary and appropriate, with-
agencies that are not rep-
resented on the Task Force;
agencies of the United
States Government that are not represented
(C) relevant stakeholders in the private
sector and the media; and
(D) relevant stakeholders among United
challenges related to censorship or intimida-
tion by the Government of the People's Re-
(6) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.
submit an annual report to the appropriate
with respect to the reporting period—
pursued by the Task Force to address the
challenges of censorship and intimidation of
United States persons while in the United
which is directed or directly sup-
Government of the People's
Republic of China;
(ii) the activities conducted by the Task
Force in support of the strategic objectives
and policies referred to in clause (i); and
(iii) the results of the activities referred to
in clause (ii) and the impact of such activi-
ties on the national interests of the United
than 90 days after the date of the enactment
Task Force shall provide briefings to the ap-
congressional committees regard-
ing the activities of the Task Force to exe-
strategy developed
(C) REPORT ON CENSORSHIP AND INTIMIDA-
TION OF UNITED STATES PERSONS BY THE GOV-
THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF
GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State shall select and seek
to enter into an agreement with a qualified
that is independent of the
Department of State to write a report on
censorship and intimidation in
States and its possessions and territories of
November 4, 2021
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State shall submit the re-
port written by the qualified research entity
selected pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) to the
appropriate congressional committees.
(B) PUBLICATION.-
—The report referred to in
subparagraph (A) shall be made accessible to
States Government websites.
GOVERNMENT SUPPORT.—The
Secretary of State and other Federal agen-
the President shall provide
the qualified research entity selected pursu-
ant to paragraph (1)(A) with timely access to
and analyses necessary for such entity
(1)(A) in a thorough and independent man-
(d) SUNSET.—This section shall terminate
on the date that is 5 years after the date of
the People's Republic of China, which is di-
rected or directly supported by the Govern-
ment of the People's Republic of China.
(B) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—The report
required under subparagraph (A) shall-
(i) assess major trends, patterns, and meth-
ods of the Government of the People's Re-
public of China's efforts to direct or directly
SA 4377. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
On page 719, between lines 12 and 13, insert
States companies that conduct business in
the People's Republic of China, which are ex-
ercising their right to freedom of speech;
(i1) assess, including through the use of 1l-
lustrative examples, as appropriate, the im-
pact on and consequences for United States
persons, including United States companies
that conduct business in the People's Repub-
(I) the Chinese Communist Party:
‹11) the Government of the People's Repub-
(III) the authoritarian model of govern-
ment of the People's Republic of China; or
(IV) a particular policy advanced by the
ment of the People's Republic of China;
the implications for
United States of the matters described in
(iv) assess the methods and evaluate the ef-
ficacy of the efforts by the Government of
the People's Republic of China to limit free-
dom of expression in the private sector, in-
cluding media, social media, film, education,
travel, financial services, sports and enter-
and internet infrastructure interests;
(v) include policy recommendations for the
United States Government, including rec-
ommendations regarding collaboration with
United States allies and partners, to address
censorship and intimidation by the Govern-
ment of the People's Republic of China; and
ernment of the United States or the Govern-
ment of the People's Republic of China that
ment as provocative or requiring a strategic
response and consequent measures to avoid
inadvertent escalation of conflict.
(10) An assessment of whether sufficient
personnel are currently dedicated to stra-
tegic stability and arms control with
States companies that conduct business in
address censorship and intimida-
tion by the Government of the People's Re-
public of China.
(C) APPLICABILITY TO UNITED STATES ALLIES
the report required under subparagraph (A)
should identify implications and policy rec-
ommendations that are relevant to United
States allies and partners facing censorship
ported by the
Government of the People's
(2) SUBMISSION OF REPORT.—
SA 4378. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself
and Mr. ROMNEY) submitted an amend-
intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add
SEC. 1283. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SELECTION
OF HOST CITIES FOR THE OLYMPIC
It is the sense of Congress that—
(1) the International Olympic Committee
should not consider a proposal to host the
Olympic Games from a
gaging in genocide, crimes against human-
ity, or serious violations of internationally
recognized human rights; and
after the date of the enactment of
this Act, the International Olympic Com-
Olympic Games to a country
quently engages in genocide,
crimes against
or serious violations of inter-

===== PAGE 90 =====
{"alpha_words": 1194, "chars": 8015, "method": "ocr", "page": 90, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
meet and reassign such honor to another
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
SEC. 607. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-
FICE REVIEW OF REPORT ON FOOD
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
of the Department
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title VI, add the following:
SEC. 607. COMBATING FOOD INSECURITY AMONG
AND THEIR FAMILIES.
(a) DESIGNATION OF SENIOR
COMBAT FOOD INSECURITY.-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of Defense shall designate a
senior official of the Department of Defense
to be responsible for, and accountable to the
Secretary with respect to, combating food
insecurity among members of the Armed
of the United States shall conduct a review
of the report required by section 656 of the
cal Year 2020 (Public Law 116-92; 133 Stat.
AND REPORT.—The Comp-
(1) brief the congressional defense commit-
section (a) not later than 180 days after re-
ceiving the report described in that sub-
to determine military medical manpower re-
including with respect to pan-
demic influenza and homeland defense mis-
(B) An assessment of whether the Secre-
taries of the military departments have used
the processes under section 719(b) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal
Year 2020 (Public Law 116-92; 133 Stat. 1454)
to ensure that a sufficient combination of
skills, specialties,
and occupations are vali-
dated and filled prior to the transfer of any
medical billets of a military department to
fill other military medical manpower needs.
(C) An assessment of the effect of the re-
duction or realignment of such billets on
local health care networks and whether the
Director of the Defense Health Agency has
conducted such an assessment in coordina-
tion with the Secretaries of the military de-
committees a report on that review not later
days after providing the briefing
under paragraph (1).
SA 4381. Mr. WARNER submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, insert
SEC. 728. MODIFICATIONS AND REPORT RELATED
among individuals who are appointed to a
position in the Department by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the
(2) RESPONSIBILITIES.—The senior official
designated under paragraph (1) shall be re-
(A) Oversight of policy, strategy, and plan-
ning for efforts of the Department of Defense
to combat food insecurity among members of
the Armed Forces and their families.
(B) Coordinating with other Federal agen-
cies with respect to combating food insecu-
SA 4382. Mr. WARNER (for himself
and Mr. TILLIS) submitted an amend-
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII,
add the following:
SEC. 2815. COMPTROLLER GENERAL
MENT OF IMPLEMENTATION OF CER-
TENDED TO IMPROVE THE EXPERI-
PRIVATIZED MILITARY HOUSING.
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General
of the United States shall conduct an inde-
pendent assessment of the implementation
by the Department of Defense of sections
2890 and 2891c(b) of title 10, United States
AMONG MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND
THEIR FAMILIES.
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General
of the United States shall conduct a review
of the report required by section 656 of the
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2020 (Public Law 116-92; 133 Stat.
(2) BRIEFING AND REPORT.—The Comptroller
mittees on the review conducted under para-
graph (1) not later than 180 days after receiv-
ing the report described in that paragraph;
(B) submit to the congressional
committees a report on that review not later
than 180 days after providing the briefing
SA 4380. Mr. WARNER submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title VI, add the following:
(a) MODIFICATIONS TO LIMITATION ON RE-
ALIGNMENT OR REDUCTION.—Section 719 of the
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2020 (Public Law 116-92; 133 Stat.
1454), as amended by section 717 of the Wil-
liam M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Pub-
lic Law 116-283), is further amended
(1) in subsection (a), by striking "180 days
following the date of the enactment of the
M. (Mac) Thornberry National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021'
"the one-year period following
the date of the enactment of the National
Authorization Act for Fiscal
(2) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ", in-
cluding any billet validation requirements
determined pursuant to estimates provided
in the joint medical estimate under section
732(b)(1) of the John S. McCain National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019
"requirements of the military department of
(b) GAO REPORT ON REALIGNMENT OR RE-
DUCTION OF MILITARY MEDICAL MANNING AND
MEDICAL BILLETS.
(1) REPORT.—Not later than one year after
the date of the enactment of this Act,
Comptroller General
of the United
shall submit to the Committees on Armed
Services of the the Senate and the House of
Representatives a report on
used to support any realignment or reduc-
tion of military medical manning, including
any realignment or reduction of medical bil-
lets of the military departments.
-The report under paragraph
(1) shall include the following:
(A) An analysis of the use of the joint med-
ical estimate under section 732(b)(1) of the
John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-
Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law
115-232; 132 Stat. 1817) and wartime scenarios
under paragraph (1) shall include-
(A) a summary and evaluation of the anal-
ysis and information provided to residents of
privatized military housing regarding the as-
sessment of performance indicators pursuant
to section 2891c(b) of title 10, United States
Code, and the extent to which such residents
have requested such an assessment;
(B) a summary of the extent to which the
Department collects and uses data on wheth-
er members of the Armed Forces
families residing in privatized military hous-
have exercised the rights afforded
in the Military Housing Privatization Initia-
tive Tenant Bill of Rights under subsection
(a) of section 2890 of title 10,
United States
Code, to include the rights specified under
paragraphs (8), (12), (13), (14), and (15) of sub-
section (b) of such section, and an evaluation
of the implementation by the Department of
Defense of such section; and
(C) such other matters as the Comptroller
General considers necessary.
2022, the Comptroller General shall provide
to the Committees on Armed Services of the
Senate and the House of Representatives an
ducted under subsection (a).
-Not later than one year after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
Comptroller General shall

===== PAGE 91 =====
{"alpha_words": 1209, "chars": 8213, "method": "ocr", "page": 91, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Committees on Armed Services of the Senate
and the House of Representatives a report on
the assessment conducted under subsection
(C) PRIVATIZED MILITARY HOUSING
FINED.—In this section, the term
provided under subchapter IV of chapter 169
of title 10, United States Code.
SA 4383. Mr. WARNER submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle A of title VIII, ada
SEC. 807. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE NATIONAL
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary
of the Navy shall jointly carry out a pilot
program to evaluate the feasibility of using
data recorders to monitor, assess,
prove the readiness and safety of the oper-
ation of military tactical vehicles.
(b) PURPOSES.—The purposes of the pilot
allow for the automated identifica-
tion of hazards and potential hazards on and
(2) to mitigate and increase awareness of
potential hazards on and
(3) to identify near-miss accidents;
(4) to create a standardized record source
(5) to assess individual driver proficiency,
(6) to increase consistency in the imple-
mentation of military installation and unit-
level range safety programs across military
installations and units;
(7) to evaluate the feasibility
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense
out and accelerate the Depart-
ment of Defense National Imperative for In-
dustrial Skills Program within
trial Base Analysis and Sustainment (IBAS)
Office to evaluate and further develop work-
training the skilled industrial workers need-
ed in the defense industrial base.
(2) PRIORITIES.—In carrying
gram, the Secretary shall prioritize-
(A) innovative training programs that can
rapidly train skilled workers for placement
traditional training programs
scale needed to measurably reduce, as rap-
November 4, 2021
Secretary of the Navy shall develop a plan
for implementing the pilot program.
-Each Secretary concerned
fewer than one military installation in the
United States selected by the Secretary con-
cerned that meets the following conditions:
(1) Contains the necessary force structure,
equipment, and maneuver training ranges to
collect driver and military tactical vehicle
data during training and routine operation.
(2) Represents at a minimum one of the
five training ranges identified in the study
by the Comptroller General of the United
Should Take Additional Actions to Mitigate
and Prevent Training
not track unit location during the training
MILITARY TACTICAL
CLES.—The pilot program shall cover the fol-
lowing military tactical vehicles:
(2) Marine Corps Light Armored Vehicles.
(3) Army Medium Tactical Vehicles.
(4) Marine Corps Medium Tactical Vehicle
(g) METRICS.—The Secretaries
velop metrics to evaluate the effectiveness of
the pilot program in monitoring, assessing,
and improving vehicle safety, driver readi-
ness, and mitigation of risk.
(1) INITIAL.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of
the Navy shall jointly submit to the congres-
sional defense committees a report on the
pilot program that addresses the plan for im-
section (c), including the established metrics
-Not later than three years
after the commencement of the pilot pro-
gram, the Secretary of the Army and the
Secretary of the Navy shall jointly submit to
the congressional defense committees a re-
port on the status of the pilot program, in-
cluding the preliminary results in carrying
out the pilot program, the metrics generated
military tactical vehicle, location, and serv-
ice, and the implementation plan under sub-
(B) training programs that can address the
requirements and
skills that are unique to critical industrial
sectors of the defense industrial base,
as naval shipbuilding.
(1) IN GENERAL.—The amount authorized to
be appropriated for the Department of De-
fense for fiscal year 2022 for Research, Devel-
opment, Test, and Evaluation,
and available for Industrial Base Analysis
and Sustainment Support is increased by
$10,00,000, with the amount of such increase
to be available for pilot projects carried out
(2) OFFSET.—The amount authorized to be
appropriated for the Department of Defense
for fiscal year 2022 for Other Procurement,
Navy and available for LCS MCM Mission
Modules is reduced by $10,000,000.
VAN HOLLEN
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4350,
to authorize appropriations for fiscal
year 2022 for military activities of the
Department of Defense,
construction, and for defense activities
of the Department of Energy, to pre-
scribe military personnel strengths for
fiscal year,
poses; which was ordered to lie on the
table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the
SEC. 376. PILOT PROGRAM FOR TACTICAL VEHI-
CLE SAFETY DATA COLLECTION.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and to the Defense Readiness Reporting Sys-
tem as a measure of assessing safety risks,
(8) to determine the costs and benefits of
retrofitting data
recorders on legacy plat-
forms and including data recorders as a re-
quirement in acquisition of military tactical
(9) any other matters as determined by the
(C) REQUIREMENTS.—In carrying
pilot program,
the Secretary of the Army
and the Secretary of the Navy shall
(1) assess the feasibility of using commer-
technologies used by insurance companies,
(2) test and evaluate a minimum of two
data recorders that meet the pilot program
(3) select a data recorder capable of col-
event data, and driver identification during
(4) install and maintain a data recorder on
a sufficient number of each of the military
tactical vehicles listed under subsection (f)
at installations selected by
concerned under subsection (e) for
(5) establish and maintain a database that
event data captured by the data recorder;
(6) regularly generate for each installation
selected under subsection (e) a dataset that
is viewable in widely available mapping soft-
ware of hazards and potential hazards based
on telemetry data and event data captured
(V) generate actionable data sets ana sta-
tistics on individual, vehicle,
(8) require commanders at the installations
selected under subsection (e) to incorporate
the actionable data sets and statistics into
the installation range safety program;
(9) require unit commanders at the instal-
lations selected under subsection (e) to in-
corporate the actionable data
tistics into the unit driver safety program;
(10) evaluate the feasibility of integrating
statistics to improve driver
certification and licensing based on data re-
corded and generated by the data recorders;
(11) use open architecture to the maximum
(12) carry out any other activities deter-
mined by the Secretary as necessary to meet
the purposes under subsection (b).
(d) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Not later than
180 days after the date of the enactment of
this Act, the Secretary of the Army and the
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days
after the termination of the pilot program,
the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary
of the Navy shall jointly submit to the con-
defense committees a report on
(i) assess the effectiveness of the pilot pro-
gram in meeting the purposes under sub-
the pilot program, disaggregated by military
tactical vehicle, location, and service;
(iii) include the views of range personnel,
Armed Forces involved in the pilot program
(iv) provide a cost estimate for equipping
legacy military tactical vehicles with data
(v) determine the instances in which data
recorders should be a requirement in the ac-
quisition of military tactical vehicles;
(vi) recommend whether the pilot program
should be expanded or made into a program
(vii) recommend any statutory, regulatory,
changes required to support the
purposes under subsection (b).
(i) TERMINATION.—The authority to carry
out the pilot program under subsection (a)

===== PAGE 92 =====
{"alpha_words": 1282, "chars": 8517, "method": "ocr", "page": 92, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
shall terminate five years after the date of
(j) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) ACCIDENT.—The term "accident" means
a collision, rollover, or other mishap involv-
(2) CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEES.—
tees' has the meaning given that term in
section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States
motor vehicle to record driver identification,
telemetry data, and event data related to the
operation of the motor vehicle.
IDENTIFICATION.—The term
"driver identification" means data enabling
the unique identification of the driver oper-
-The term "event data"
includes data related to—
(A) the start and conclusion of each vehicle
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(B) in subparagraph (1), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting "or violations
of the Geneva Conventions of 1949, includ-
"(i) with respect to any unit that receives
such support, vetting the unit for violations
of human rights;
"(ii) providing human rights training to
units receiving such support; and
"(iii) providing for the investigation of al-
legations of violations of human rights and
termination of such support in cases of cred-
ible information of such violations.'; and
(C) by adding at the end the following new
subparagraph:
description of the human rights
poses of section 362 of this title, and any rel-
evant attempts by such recipient to remedy
(3) in subsection (1)(3) by adding at the end
the following new subparagraph:
"(I) An assessment of how support provided
under this section advances United
national security priorities and aligns with
other United
States Government efforts to
address underlying risk factors of terrorism
and violent extremism."; and
(4) by adding at the end the following new
"(j) PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS.—(1) Ex-
cept as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), no
funds may be used to provide support to any
foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or in-
credible information that the unit has com-
mitted a gross violation of human rights.
"(2) The Secretary of Defense,
sultation with the Secretary of State, may
waive the prohibition under paragraph (1) if
the Secretary determines that the waiver is
required by extraordinary circumstances.
'(3) The prohibition under paragraph (1)
shall not apply with respect to the foreign
forces, irregular forces, groups, or individ-
uals of a country if the Secretary of Defense,
after
consultation with the
Secretary
of
State, determines that-
'(A) the government of such country has
taken all necessary corrective steps; or
"(B) the support is necessary to assist in
disaster relief operations or other humani-
tarian or national security emergencies.".
(C) a vehicle acceleration, velocity,
cation with an increased potential for an ac-
(D) a vehicle orientation with an increased
potential for an accident.
(6) SECRETARY CONCERNED.—The term 'Sec-
retary concerned' means-
(A) the Secretary of the Army with respect
to matters concerning the Army; and
(B) the Secretary of the Navy with respect
to matters concerning the Navy and Marine
(7) TELEMETRY DATA.—The term
etry data" includes-
(A) time;
(B) vehicle distance traveled;
(C) vehicle acceleration and velocity;
(D)
vehicle
orientation, including
roll,
pitch, and yaw; and
(E) vehicle location in a geographic coordi-
nate system, including elevation.
SA 4385. Mr.
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
which was ordered to lie on the table; 2022 for military activities of the De-
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add
• CONSIDERATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS
RECORDS OF RECIPIENTS OF SUP-
PORT OF SPECIAL OPERATIONS TO
Section 127e of title 10, United States Code,
(1) in subsection (c)(2) by adding at the end
of the following new subparagraph-
"(D) The processes through which the Sec-
retary shall, in consultation with the sec-
retary of State, ensure that prior to a deci-
sion to provide any support to foreign forces,
irregular forces, groups, or individuals full
consideration is given to any credible infor-
mation available to the Department of State
relating to violations of human rights by
such entities."
(2) in subsection (d)(2)-
(A) in subparagraph (H), by inserting ", in-
cluding the
promotion of good governance
and rule of law and the protection of civil-
ians and human rights" before the period at
the end;
SEC. 572. ALLOCATION OF AUTHORITY FOR NOMI-
SION FROM OFFICE OF A MEMBER
(a) UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY.—
United States Code, is amended by inserting
after section 7442 the following new section:
death, resignation, or expulsion from office
of member
of Congress otherwise author-
ized to nominate
"(a)
SENATORS.-
-In the
event a
Senator
does not submit nominations for cadets for
an academic year in accordance with section
S7899
7442(a)(3) of this title due to death, resigna-
tion from office, or expulsion from office and
the date of the swearing-in of the Senator's
successor as Senator occurs after the date of
the deadline for submittal of nominations for
cadets for the academic year,
the nomina-
tions for cadets otherwise authorized to be
made by the Senator pursuant to such sec-
tion shall be made instead by the other Sen-
ator from the State concerned.
"(b)
REPRESENTATIVES.—In
the event
Representative from a state does not submit
nominations for cadets for an academic year
in accordance with section 7442(a)(4) of this
title due to death, resignation from office, or
expulsion
from
office and the
date
of the
swearing-in of the Representative's successor
as Representative
occurs after the date
of
the deadline for submittal of nominations for
cadets for the academic year,
the
nomina-
tions for cadets otherwise authorized to be
made by the Representative
pursuant to
such section shall be made instead by
the
Senators from the State of the congressional
district concerned, with such
nominations
divided equally among such Senators and
any remainder going to the senior Senator
from the State.
"(C)
CONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITY.—Any
nomination for cadets made by a Member
pursuant to this section is not a reallocation
of a nomination. Such nominations are made
in lieu of a Member that does not submit
nominations for cadets for an academic year
in accordance with section 7442 of this title
due to death, resignation from office, or ex-
pulsion from office and the date of the swear-
ing-in of the Member's successor occurs after
the date of the deadline for submittal of
nominations for cadets
for the academic
year."
(2)
CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The
table
of
sections at the beginning of chapter 753 of
such title is amended by inserting after the
item relating to section 7442 the following
new item:
'7442a. Cadets: nomination in event of death,
resignation, or expulsion from
office
of member
of
Congress
otherwise authorized to nomi-
nate."
(b) UNITED STATES NAVAL ACADEMY.-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 853 of title 10,
United States Code, is amended by inserting
aiter section 8154 the following new section:
"§ 8454a. Midshipmen: nomination in event of
death, resignation, or expulsion from office
of member of Congress otherwise author-
does not submit nominations for midshipmen
for an academic year in accordance with sec-
tion 8454(a)(3) of this title due to death, res-
ignation from office, or expulsion from office
and the date of the swearing-in of the Sen-
ator's successor as Senator occurs after the
date of the deadline for submittal of nomina-
tions for midshipmen for the academic year,
the nominations for midshipmen otherwise
authorized to be made by the Senator pursu-
ant to such section shall be made instead by
the other Senator from the State concerned.
Representative from a State does not submit
nominations for midshipmen for an academic
year in accordance with section 8454(a)(4) of
this title due to death, resignation from of-
fice, or expulsion from office and the date of
the swearing-in of the Representative's suc-
cessor as Representative occurs after
date of the deadline for submittal of nomina-
tions for midshipmen for the academic year,
the nominations for midshipmen otherwise
authorized to be made by the Representative
pursuant to such section shall be made in-
stead by the Senators from the State of the
congressional district concerned, with such

===== PAGE 93 =====
{"alpha_words": 1188, "chars": 7714, "method": "ocr", "page": 93, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and any remainder going to the
senior Senator from the State.
nomination for midshipmen made by a Mem-
ber pursuant to this section is not a realloca-
tion of a nomination. Such nominations are
made in lieu of a Member that does not sub-
mit nominations for cadets for an academic
year in accordance with section 8454 of this
title due to death, resignation from office, or
swearing-in of the Member's successor occurs
after the date of the deadline for submittal
of nominations for midshipmen for the aca-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(d) MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY.—
United States Code, is amended by inserting
after section 51302 the following new section:
"§ 51302a. Cadets: nomination |
death, resignation, or expulsion from office
of Congress otherwise author-
November 4, 2021
firefighter under a qualified trade-of-time ar-
rangement shall be disregarded for purposes
of any determination relating to eligibility
or the amount of, any overtime pay
'(2) For purposes of this subsection
'(A) the term 'qualified trade-of-time ar-
which 2 firefighters who are employed by the
same agency agree, solely at their
and with the approval of their employing
agency, to substitute for one another during
scheduled work hours in the performance of
work in the same capacity; and
"(B) the term 'firefighter'
beginning of chapter 853 of
such title is amended by inserting after the
item relating to section 8454 the following
'8454a. Midshipmen: nomination in event of
death, resignation, or expulsion
of member of Con-
gress otherwise authorized
(C) AIR FORCE ACADEMY.-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 953 of title 10,
United States Code, is amended by inserting
after section 9442 the following new section:
death, resignation, or expulsion from office
of member of Congress otherwise author-
does not submit nominations for cadets for
an academic year in accordance with section
51302(b)(1) of this title due to death, resigna-
tion from office, or expulsion from office and
the date of the swearing-in of the Senator's
successor as Senator occurs after the date of
the deadline for submittal of nominations for
cadets for the academic year,
tions for cadets otherwise authorized to be
the Senator pursuant to such
tion shall be made instead by the other Sen-
ator from the State concerned.
Representative from a State does not submit
nominations for cadets for an academic year
in accordance with section 51302(b)(2) of this
title due to death, resignation from office, or
expulsion from office and
swearing-in of the Representative's successor
as Representative occurs after the date of
the deadline for submittal of nominations for
cadets for the academic year,
tions for cadets otherwise authorized to be
made by the
Representative
such section shall be made instead by the
Senators from the State of the congressional
district concerned, with such
divided equally among such Senators and
any remainder going to the senior Senator
CONSTRUCTION OF
AUTHORITY.-Any
nomination for cadets made by a Member
pursuant to this section is not a reallocation
of a nomination. Such nominations are made
in lieu of a Member that does not submit
nominations for cadets for an academic year
in accordance with section 51302 of this title
due to death, resignation from office, or ex-
pulsion from office and the date of the swear-
ing-in of the Member's successor occurs after
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4350,
to authorize appropriations for fiscal
year 2022 for military activities of the
Department of Defense,
construction, and for defense activities
of the Department of Energy, to pre-
scribe military personnel strengths for
poses; which was ordered to lie on the
table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII,
add the following:
SEC. 2836. INCREASE IN AMOUNTS AVAILABLE
FOR UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY
does not submit nominations for cadets for
an academic year in accordance with section
9442(a)(3) of this title due to death, resigna-
tion from office, or expulsion from office and
the date of the swearing-in of the Senator's
successor as Senator occurs after the date of
the deadline for submittal of nominations for
cadets for the academic year,
tions for cadets otherwise authorized to be
the Senator pursuant to such sec-
tion shall be made instead by the other Sen-
ator from the State concerned.
Representative from a State does not submit
nominations for cadets for an academic year
in accordance with section 9442(a)(4) of this
title due to death, resignation from office, or
expulsion from office and the
swearing-in of the Representative's successor
Representative occurs after
the deadline for submittal of nominations for
cadets for the academic year,
tions for cadets otherwise authorized to be
the Representative pursuant to
such section shall be made instead by the
Senators from the State of the congressional
divided equally among such
any remainder going to the senior Senator
CONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITY.—Any
nomination for cadets made by
pursuant to this section is not a reallocation
of a nomination. Such nominations are made
of a Member that does
nominations for cadets for an academic year
in accordance with section 9442 of this title
due to death, resignation from office, or ex-
pulsion from office and the date of the swear-
ing-in of the Member's successor occurs after
deadline for submittal of
nominations for cadets for the academic
CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The
sections at the beginning of chapter 953 of
such title is amended by inserting after the
item relating to section 9442 the following
'9442a. Cadets: nomination in event of death,
or expulsion from
otherwise authorized to nomi-
LABORATORIES.
Section 2805(d) of title 10, United States
sections at the beginning of chapter 513 of
such title is amended by inserting after the
item relating to section 51302 the following
death, resignation, or expulsion
from office of member of Con-
otherwise authorized to
an amendment intended to be
proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4350,
to authorize appropriations for
year 2022 for military activities of the
Department of Defense,
for military
construction, and for defense activities
of the Department of Energy,
scribe military personnel strengths for
such fiscal year, and for other pur-
poses; which was ordered to lie on the
table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
COAST GUARD YARD IMPROVE-
Of the amounts authorized to be
priated under section 4902(2)(A)(ii) of title 14,
made available for fiscal year 2022 for the
Commandant of the Coast Guard to improve
facilities at the Coast Guard Yard in Balti-
more, Maryland, including dock,
dredging necessary to
facilitate access to
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed by him to the bill H.R.
to authorize appropriations for
year 2022 for military activities of the
Department of Defense, for military
construction, and for defense activities
of the Department of Energy, to pre-
scribe military personnel strengths for
fiscal year,
for other pur-
poses; which was ordered to lie on the
At the appropriate place in title XI, insert
TREATMENT OF HOURS WORKED
Section 5542 of title 5, United States Code,
is amended by adding at the end the fol-
'(h)(1) Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this section, any hours worked by a
4390. Mr. VAN HOLLEN sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed by him to the bill H.R.
to authorize appropriations for fiscal
year 2022 for military activities of the
Department of Defense,
for military
construction, and for defense activities
of the Department of Energy,
scribe military personnel strengths for
such fiscal year, and for other pur-
poses; which was ordered to lie on the
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the

===== PAGE 94 =====
{"alpha_words": 1175, "chars": 7923, "method": "ocr", "page": 94, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
SEC. 376. IMPLEMENTATION OF COMPTROLLER
SEC. 1072. EXTENSION OF NATIONAL GUARD AU-
GENERAL RECOMMENDATIONS ON
THORITIES TO MAYOR OF THE DIS-
TRAINING ACCIDENTS.
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
each Secretary concerned shall submit to the
congressional defense committees and to the
Comptroller General of the United States a
plan to address the recommendations in the
report by the Comptroller General entitled
"Army and Marine Corps Should Take Addi-
Training Accidents" (GAO-21-361).
(2) ELEMENTS.—Each plan submitted under
paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to
each recommendation in the report described
paragraph that the
Secretary con-
cerned has implemented or intends to imple-
(A) a summary of actions that have been or
will be taken to implement the recommenda-
(B) a schedule, with specific milestones, for
ommendation.
(b) DEADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION.
(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in
paragraph (2), not later than 18 months after
the date of the enactment of this Act, each
Secretary concerned shall carry out activi-
ties to implement the plan of the Secretary
developed under subsection (a).
(2) EXCEPTION FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF CER-
COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF.—Sec-
tion 6 of the Act entitled 'An Act to provide
for the organization of the militia of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and for other purposes"
approved March 1, 1889 (sec. 49-409, D.C. Offi-
cial Code), is amended by striking
"Mayor of the District of Columbia".
(b) RESERVE CORPS.—Section 72 of such Act
(sec. 49-407, D.U. Otticial Code) is amended by
each place it appears and inserting "Mayor
of the District of Columbia"
CERS.—(1) Section 7(a) of such
301(a), D.C. Official Code) is amended-
States' and inserting 'Mayor of the District
of Columbia'; and
striking 'President." and inserting
Section 9 of such Act (sec. 49-304, D.C.
Official Code) is amended by striking 'Presi-
(3) Section 13 of such Act (sec. 49-305, D.C.
Official Code) is amended by striking
'Mayor of the District of Columbia"
Section 19 of such Act (sec. 49-311, D.C.
(A) in subsection (a), by striking "to the
Secretary of the Army" and all that follows
"which board" and inserting
board of examination appointed by the Com-
manding General, which'; and
(B) in subsection (b), by striking 'the Sec-
through the period and inserting 'the Mayor
of the District of Columbia,
together with
amended by striking "the commanding gen-
eral of the District of Columbia
Guard" both places it appears and inserting
"'the Mayor of the District of Columbia"
(e) CONSENT FOR ACTIVE DUTY OR RELOCA-
Section 12301 of
in subsection (b), by striking
landing general of the District of Columb
ational Guard' in the second sentence ar
inserting 'Mayor of the District of Colum-
(B) in subsection (d), by striking the period
at the end and inserting the following:
in the case of the District of Columbia Na-
tional Guard, the Mayor of the District of
(2) Section 12406 of such title is amended
"the commanding general of the
National Guard of the District of Columbia"
"'the Mayor of the District of
CONSENT FOR RELOCATION OF UNITS.—
Section 18238 of such
title is amended by
striking "the commanding general of the Na-
and inserting 'the Mayor of the District of
SEC. 1074. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE
(a) MAINTENANCE OF OTHER TROOPS.—Sec-
tion 109(c) of title 32, United States Code, is
eral in the case of the District of Colum-
(D) DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG
ACTIVITIES.—Section 112(h)(2) of such title is
amended by striking 'the Commanding Gen-
eral of the National Guard of the District of
retary concerned may initiate implementa-
tion of a recommendation in the report de-
scribed in subsection (a) after the date speci-
fied in paragraph (1) if, on or before such
date, the Secretary provides to the congres-
tification for the delay in implementation of
(B) NONIMPLEMENTATION.—A Secretary con-
cerned may decide not to implement a rec-
ommendation in the report described in sub-
section (a) if, on or before the date specified
in paragraph (1), the Secretary provides to
the congressional defense committees-
(i) a specific justification for the decision
not to implement the recommendation; and
(ii) a summary of alternative actions the
Secretary plans to take to address the condi-
tions underlying the recommendation.
this section, the term "Secretary concerned"
(1) the Secretary of the Army, with respect
to matters concerning the Army; and
(2) the Secretary of the Navy, with respect
to matters concerning the Navy.
SA 4391. Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for him-
self, Mr. CaRPEr, Mr. BLUMENTHAL, Mr.
DURBIN, Mr. CASEY, Mr.
KAINE, Mr. HEINRICH, and Mr. WARNER)
submitted an amendment intended to
be proposed by him to the bill H.R.
4350, to authorize appropriations for
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy,
strengths for such fiscal year, and for
other purposes; which was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
t the ena ot title x, ada the lollowing
ubtitle H-District of Columbia Nationa
(5) Section 20 of such Act (sec. 49-312. D.C.
each place it appears and inserting
'Mayor of the District of Columbia"; and
(B) by striking "the President may retire"
and inserting "the Mayor may retire".
(d) CALL FOR DUTY.—(1) Section 45 of such
Act (sec. 49-103, D.C. Official Code) is amend-
", or for the United States
Marshal" and all that follows through "shall
thereupon order' and inserting "to order'
Official Code) is amended by
President" and inserting "the Mayor of the
(e) GENERAL COURTS MARTIAL.—Section 51
of such Act (sec. 49-503, D.C. Official Code) is
United States' and inserting 'the Mayor of
the District of Columbia"
SEC. 1073. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE
(a) FAILURE TO SATISFACTORILY PERFORM
title 10, United States Code, is amended by
District of Columbia National
inserting 'the Mayor of the District of Co-
This subtitle may be cited as the 'District
of Columbia National Guard Home
GUARD BUREAU.—Section 10502(a)(1) of such
manding general of the District of Columbia
of the District of Columbia"
—Section 10505(a)(1)(A) of such title is
amended by striking 'the commanding gen-
eral of the District of Columbia National
Guard' and inserting 'the Mayor of the Dis-
trict of Columbia'.
(d) OTHER SENIOR NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU
OFFICERS.—Section 10506(a)(1) of such title is
(C) ADDITIONAL
ASSISTANCE.—Section 113 of
such title is amended by adding at the end
the following new subsection:
'(e) INCLUSION OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.-
In this section, the term 'State' includes the
ADJUTANT GENERAL.—
Section 314 of such title is amended—
(1) by striking subsection (b);
(2) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d)
as subsections and (c), respectively; and
(3) in subsection (b) (as so redesignated), by
District of Columbia National
inserting 'the Mayor of the District of Co-
(e) RELIEF FROM NATIONAL GUARD DUTY.—
Section 325(a)(2)(B) of such title is amended
by striking "commanding general of the Dis-
trict of Columbia National Guard"
serting 'the Mayor of the District of Colum-
(f) AUTHORITY TO ORDER TO PERFORM AC-
TIVE GUARD AND RESERVE DUTY.-
-Subsection (a) of section
328 of such title is amended by striking "the
commanding general of the District of Co-
lumbia National Guard" and inserting "the
Mayor of the District of Columbia".
(2) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS.—
section is amended to read as follows:
"SEC. 328. ACTIVE GUARD AND RESERVE DUTY:
AUTHORITY OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE.".
tions at the beginning of chapter 3 of such
title is amended by striking the item relat-
ing to section 328 and inserting the following
''328. Active Guard and Reserve duty: author-
(g) PERSONNEL MATTERS.—Section 505 of
manding general of the National Guard of
the District of Columbia" in the first sen-
tence and inserting 'Mayor of the District of

===== PAGE 95 =====
{"alpha_words": 1197, "chars": 8020, "method": "ocr", "page": 95, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
Pro- under such program to reflect current and
GRAM.—Section 509 of such title is amended-
reasonably foreseeable fixed wing activity.
(1) in subsection (C)(1), by
(5) An approximate number of covered fa-
commanding general of the District of Co-
cilities anticipated to be within the 65 dec-
ibel day-night average sound level for instal-
Governor or the commanding general'
"the Mayor of the District of Co-
lations with existing studies under such pro-
such facilities
located in crash zones or accident potential
subsection (g)(2), by striking 'the
commanding general of the District of Co-
(6) An assessment of the viability of mak-
ing eligibility to
receive funding for noise
mitigation and insulation efforts contingent
Mayor of the District of Columbia';
on the completion of certain measures to en-
(3) in subsection (j), by striking
sure compatibility of civilian land use activ-
manding general of the District of Columbia
ity with conclusions under such program.
National Guard" and inserting
(7) Any barriers to the timely review and
of the District of Columbia'; and
generation of studies under such program,
(4) in subsection (k), by striking "the com-
including with respect to staffing and gaps in
manding general of the District of Columbia
National Guard" and inserting
of the District of Columbia'
(8) The estimated cost to develop and up-
date required practices and studies under
SUPPLIES.—Section 702(a)
of such title is amended by striking
(9) Future opportunities to consult with
manding general of the National Guard of
of Columbia"
military flight operations.
"Mayor of the District of Columbia"
(j) APPOINTMENT OF FISCAL OFFICER.—Sec-
tion 708(a) of such title is amended by strik-
ing "commanding general of the National
Guard of the District of Columbia"
serting 'Mayor of the District of Columbia".
SEC. 1075. CONFORMING AMENDMENT TO THE
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HOME RULE
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary shall submit to the congres-
sional defense committees a report on
final outcome of the update process being
undertaken by the Secretary with respect to
the Air Installations Compatible Use Zones
Section 602(b) of the District of Columbia
Home Rule Act (sec. 1-206.02(b), D.C. Official
Code) is amended by striking "the National
Guard of the District of Columbia,"
SA 4392. Ms. CANTWELL submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022 for
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title Ill, add the
SEC. 376. BRIEFING AND REPORT ON APPROACH
FECTED BY NOISE FROM MILITARY
(a) BRIEFING.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
Secretary of Defense shall provide to
congressional defense committees a briefing
use and applicability of the Air In-
stallations Compatible Use Zones program of
the Department of Defense to support noise
and insulation efforts for fixed
wing aircraft,
including any such efforts
funded under grants from the Office of Local
Defense Community Cooperation of the De-
(b) MATTERS.—The briefing
section (a) shall include a discussion of the
(1) Changes to current practices regarding
the Air Installations Compatible Use Zones
program that are necessary to support noise
mitigation and insulation efforts relating to
existing covered facilities.
(2) The number of fixed wing aircraft facili-
ties covered by existing studies under such
(3) The proportion of existing studies under
such program that accurately reflect current
and reasonably foreseeable fixed wing avia-
(4) Expected timelines for each
department to develop and update all studies
shall include further details
(1) The term 'Air Installations Compatible
Use Zones program' has the meaning given
such term in Department of Defense Instruc-
term "covered facility" means
(C) daycare facility;
(E) facility the primary purpose of which is
SA 4393. Ms. CANTWELL submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022
military activities of the Department
for military construction,
defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
SEC. 1064. PROVIDING END-TO-END ELECTRONIC
VOTING SERVICES FOR ABSENT UNI-
FORMED SERVICES VOTERS IN LO-
TURE POSTAL SERVICE.
the Chief Information Officer of the Depart-
ment of Defense,
the Presidential designee
under the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens
Absentee Voting Act (52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)
shall develop a plan for providing end-to-end
electronic voting services (including services
for registering to vote, requesting an elec-
tronic ballot, completing the ballot, and re-
turning the ballot) in participating States
for absent uniformed services voters under
such Act who are deployed or mobilized to
locations with limited or immature postal
November 4, 2021
service (as determined by the Presidential
(2) SPECIFICATIONS.—The Presidential des-
ignee shall include in the plan developed
(A) methods to ensure that voters have the
opportunity to verify that their ballots are
received and tabulated correctly by the ap-
propriate State and local election officials;
(B) methods to generate a verifiable and
auditable vote trail for the purposes of any
recount or audit conducted with respect to
(C) an assessment of whether commercially
available technologies may be used to carry
out any of the elements of the plan.
ELECTION OFFICIALS.—The Presidential
ignee shall develop the plan under paragraph
and local election officials to ensure that the
any state which agrees to participate in the
(4) USE OF CONTRACTORS.—To the extent
the Presidential designee determines to be
appropriate, the Presidential designee may
graph (1) provisions for the use of contrac-
tors to carry out any of the elements of the
(5) SUBMISSION.—Not later than one year
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Presidential designee shall submit the
plan developed under paragraph (1) to the
Committees on Armed Services of the House
of Representatives and Senate.
(b) IMPLEMENTATION.—If the Presidential
determines it feasible, the
dential designee shall implement the plan
developed under subsection (a)-
(1) for a trial group of voters in partici-
pating States for elections for Federal office
(2) for all such voters in
States for elections for Federal office held in
2026 and any succeeding year.
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
• LIMITATION ON AUTHORITIES IN
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEIL-
(a) FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act of 1978 (50
seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-
"TITLE IX-LIMITATIONS
"SEC. 901. LIMITATIONS ON AUTHORITIES
SURVEIL UNITED STATES PERSONS
AND ON USE OF INFORMATION CON-
CERNING UNITED STATES PERSONS.
"(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
'(1) PEN REGISTER AND TRAP AND TRACE DE-
-The terms 'pen register' and 'trap and
trace device' have the meanings given such
STATES PERSON.—The
term
'United States person' has the meaning given

===== PAGE 96 =====
{"alpha_words": 1065, "chars": 7560, "method": "ocr", "page": 96, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
'(3) DERIVED.—Information or evidence is through third parties, communications con-
'derived' from an acquisition when the Gov-
tent, non-contents information, or business
ernment would not have originally possessed
authorizations shall provide
the information or evidence but for that ac-
the exclusive means by which such searches
quisition, and regardless of any claim that
or acquisition shall take place if the target
the information or evidence is
of acquisition is a United States person and
from the surveillance or search, would inevi-
the information is sought for foreign intel-
tably have been discovered, or was subse-
quently reobtained through other means
"(b) LIMITATION ON AUTHORITIES.—Notwith-
CEEDINGS.—Except as provided in paragraph
standing any other provision of this Act, an
(5), any information concerning a United
officer of the United States may not under
person acquired or derived from
this Act request an order for,
acquisition under Executive Order 12333 (50
eign Intelligence Surveillance Court may not
3001 note; relating to United States
intelligence activities), where such acquisi-
'(1) electronic surveillance of a United
tion is not authorized by statute or by the
States person;
Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure,
"(2) a physical search of a premises, infor-
not be used in evidence against that United
mation, material, or property used
or under the open and exclusive
control of, a United States person;
proceeding or as part of any
criminal, civil, or administrative investiga-
'(3) approval of the installation and use of
a pen register or trap and trace device to ob-
(4) LIMITATION ON UNITED STATES PERSON
tain information concerning a United States
'(4) the production of tangible things (in-
cluding books, records, papers, documents,
and other items) concerning a United States
'(5) the targeting of a United States per-
son for the acquisition of information.
'(C) LIMITATION ON USE OF
CONCERNING UNITED STATES PERSONS
'(1) DEFINITION OF AGGRIEVED PERSON.—In
means a person who is the target of any sur-
activity under this
other person whose communications or ac-
tivities were subject to any surveillance ac-
'(2) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in
paragraph (3), any information concerning a
from an acquisition under this Act shall not
be used in evidence against that United
States person in any criminal, civil, or ad-
ministrative proceeding or as part of any
criminal, civil, or administrative investiga-
USE BY AGGRIEVED PERSONS
grieved person who is a United States person
may use information concerning such person
acquired under this Act in a criminal, civil,
or administrative proceeding or as part of a
criminal, civil, or administrative investiga-
CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table
contents preceding section 101 is amended by
adding at the end the following:
"Sec. 901. Limitations on authorities to sur-
veil United States persons and
under Executive Order 12333 (50 U.S.C.
note; relating to United States intelligence
activities) but without statutory authoriza-
Rules of Criminal Procedure using search
terms associated with a United States per-
grieved person who is a United States person
may use information concerning such person
acquired under Executive Order 12333 in a
criminal, civil, or administrative proceeding
or as part of a criminal, civil, or administra-
amendment intended to be proposed to
intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
Strike section 1213 and insert the fol-
SEC. 1213. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR
TALIBAN AND RESCISSION OF UNOB-
LIGATED BALANCES FOR AFGHANI-
(a) PROHIBITION.—None of the funds author-
other Act may be made avallable Ior
transfer of funds, supplies, or any other item
of monetary value to the Taliban.
International Disaster Assistance
Non-Proliferation,
Antiterrorism,
Demining, and Related (NADR).
SA 4396. Mr. RISCH (for himself and
Mr. MENENDEZ) submitted an amend-
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title XII, add the following:
Subtitle H-International Pandemic
Preparedness and COVID-19 Response
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Inter-
national Pandemic Preparedness and COVID-
(1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL
COMMIT-
TEES.—The term "appropriate congressional
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
Committee on Appropriations of
(C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of
the House of Representatives; and
the House of Representatives.
and "GHSA" mean the multi-sec-
toral initiative launched in 2014 and renewed
in 2018 that brings together countries, re-
governmental organizations,
sector to elevate global health security as a
tices, and to facilitate national capacity to
comply with and adhere to-
(A) the International Health Regulations
the World Organisation for
Health international standards and
(C) United Nations Security Council Reso-
lution 1540 (2004);
(D) the Convention on the Prohibition of
Development,
piling of Bacteriological and Toxin Weapons
and on their Destruction,
done at Wash-
ington, London, and Moscow, April 10, 1972
(b) LIMITATION ON SURVEILLANCE UNDER
(1) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection:
(A) AGGRIEVED PERSON.—The
grieved person" means a person who is the
target of any surveillance activity under Ex-
ecutive Order 12333 (50 U.S.C. 3001 note; relat-
ing to United States intelligence activities)
or any other person whose communications
or activities were subject to any surveillance
activity under such Executive Order.
(B) PEN REGISTER; TRAP AND TRACE DEVICE;
UNITED STATES PERSON.—The terms "pen reg-
"trap and trace device", and "United
States person" have the meanings given such
section 901 of the
ligence Surveillance Act of 1978, as added by
scinded all unobligated balances
amounts appropriated
or otherwise made
struction activities in Afghanistan
(2) COVERED FUNDS DEFINED.—In this sub-
ALCON
with respect to amounts appropriated for Af-
(A) the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund
(B) the Economic Support Fund (ESF);
(C) International Narcotics
Law Enforcement (INCLE);
(D) the Commanders' Emergency Response
(2) LIMITATION ON ACQUISITION.—Where au-
(E) Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug
thority is provided by statute or by the Fed- Activities (DICDA);
eral Rules of Criminal Procedure to perform
(F) Migration and Refugee Assistance
physical searches or to acquire, directly or (MRA);
(E) the Global Health Security Agenda 2024
relevant frameworks that con-
tribute to global health security.
(3) GLOBAL HEALTH SECURITY INDEX .—The
term "Global Health Security Index" means
benchmarking of health security and related
capabilities across the countries that make
HEALTH SECURITY INITIATIVE.
"Global Health Security Initia-
means the informal network of coun-
tries and organizations that came together
in 2001 to undertake concerted global action
to strengthen public health preparedness and
logical, and nuclear threats, including pan-
demic influenza.
(5) JOINT EXTERNAL EVALUATION.—The term

===== PAGE 97 =====
{"alpha_words": 1123, "chars": 8185, "method": "ocr", "page": 97, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
resources, capacity, and personnel required
World Health Organization-facilitated, vol-
untary, collaborative, multi-sectoral process
to assess country capacity to prevent,
tect, and rapidly respond to public health
erate or accidental events, assess progress in
national Health Regulations (2005), and rec-
STAKEHOLDERS.—The term 'key
stakeholders"'
actors engaged in ef-
forts to advance global health security pro-
grams and objectives, including-
partner countries;
(C) international, regional, and local orga-
nizations, including private, voluntary, non-
governmental, and civil society organiza-
(D) international, regional, and local fi-
representatives
youth, and indigenous peoples;
(F) the private sector, including medical
device, technology, pharmaceutical, manu-
facturing, logistics, and other relevant com-
(G) public and private research and aca-
(7) ONE HEALTH APPROACH.—The term 'One
Health approach"
multi-sectoral,
transdisciplinary
proach toward achieving optimal health out-
comes in a manner that recognizes the inter-
connection between people, animals, plants,
and their shared environment.
(8) RELEVANT FEDERAL DEPARTMENTS AND
partments and agencies" means any Federal
department or agency implementing United
States policies and programs relevant to the
advancement of United States global health
security and diplomacy overseas, which may
(A) the Department of State;
national Development;
(C) the Department of Health and Human
(D) the Department of Defense;
(E) the Defense Threat Reduction Agency;
(F) the Millennium Challenge Corporation;
(G) the Development Finance Corporation;
(H) the Peace Corps; and
(I) any other department or agency that
the President determines to be relevant for
means the ability of people, households,
tries, and regions to reduce, mitigate, with-
stresses and shocks in a manner that reduces
and facilitates inclusive growth.
"USAID" means
the United States Agency for International
The purpose of this subtitle is
erate and enhance the United States inter-
national response to pandemics, including
operationalize lessons learned from current
and prior emergency responses in a manner
(1) advances the global health security and
diplomacy objectives of the United States;
(2) improves coordination among the rel-
evant Federal departments and agencies im-
plementing United States foreign assistance
for global health security; and
(3) more effectively enables partner coun-
to infectious disease threats before they be-
come pandemics.
COVID-19 AND FUTURE PANDEMICS.
POLICY REGARDING
INTERNATIONAL
COVID-19 PANDEMIC.—It shall be the policy
of the United States to lead and implement
national response to end the COVID-19 pan-
demic in a manner that recognizes the crit-
ical role that multilateral and regional orga-
nizations can and should play in pandemic
(1) seeking adoption of a United Nations
Security Council resolution that-
national peace and security; and
(B) urges member states to address this
threat by aligning their health preparedness
plans with international best practices, in-
Health Security Agenda, to improve country
infectious disease threats;
(2) advancing efforts to reform the World
Health Organization so that it serves as an
and coordinating body
that is capable of aligning member countries
around a strategic operating plan to detect,
treat, and deter the further spread
(3) providing timely, appropriate levels of
responding to the COVID-19 pandemic;
(4) prioritizing United States foreign as-
sistance for the COVID-19 response in
most vulnerable countries and regions;
(5) encouraging other donor governments
increase contributions to the
United Nations agencies responding to the
and most vulnerable countries;
(6) working with key stakeholders to accel-
erate progress toward meeting and exceed-
ing, as practicable, global COVID-19 vaccina-
(A) at least 40 percent of the population in
all countries is vaccinated by the end of 2021;
(B) at least 70 percent of the population in
all countries is vaccinated by the opening
date of the 77th regular session of the United
overseas stake-
holders, including through multilateral fa-
cilities such as the COVID-19 Vaccines Glob-
al Access initiative (referred to in this sec-
tion as 'COVAX") and the Access to COVID-
19 Tools (ACT) Accelerator initiative, and
the International Development Fi-
Corporation, to accelerate the devel-
opment, manufacturing, production, and effi-
cient and equitable distribution of-
(A) vaccines and related raw materials to
meet or exceed the vaccination goals under
(B) global health commodities,
supplies to combat COVID-19 and to help im-
mediately disrupt the transmission of SARS-
(8) supporting global COVID-19 vaccine dis-
lying health systems and ensure that people
living in vulnerable and marginalized com-
undue barriers to vaccination;
(9) working with key stakeholders, includ-
health systems and supply chains with the
national Finance Corporation, and other rel-
evant regional and bilateral financial insti-
tutions, to address the economic and finan-
November 4, 2021
cial implications of the COVID-19 pandemic,
while taking into account the differentiated
needs of disproportionately affected, vulner-
able, and marginalized populations;
(10) entering into discussions with vaccine
with the goal of ensuring adequate
global supply of vaccines, which may include
necessary components and raw materials;
establishing clear timelines,
strategies and activities under this section;
(12) generating commitments of resources
in support of the goals referred to in para-
(b) OVERSIGHT OF UNITED STATES FOREIGN
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.
than 60 days after the date of the enactment
Secretary of State and the
USAID Administrator shall jointly submit to
the appropriate congressional committees
(A) an unclassified report containing a de-
scription of funds already obligated and ex-
pended under title X of the American Rescue
Plan Act of 2021 (Public Law 117-2); and
(B) a plan that describes the objectives and
timeline for the obligation and expenditure
remaining funds appropriated under
title X of the American Rescue Plan Act of
2021, to include support for civil society for
the protection of human rights in the con-
text of the COVID-19 pandemic, which shall
be submitted in an unclassified form, and
should include a description of steps taken
pursuant to each objective specified in the
(2) CONGRESSIONAL CONSULTATION.—Not less
frequently than once every 60 days, until the
completion or termination of the implemen-
tation plan required under paragraph (1)(B),
and upon the request from one or more of the
congressional committees,
Secretary of State and the USAID Adminis-
trator shall provide a briefing to the appro-
priate congressional committees regarding
the report required under paragraph
and the status of the implementation of the
plan required under paragraph (1)(B).
under this section, the Secretary of State
and the USAID Administrator, with due con-
sideration for the safety and security of im-
plementing partners and beneficiaries, shall
prescribe the use of logos or other insignia,
which may include the flag
of the United
States, to appropriately identify such assist-
ance as being from the people of the United
(C) UNITED STATES CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE
GLOBAL FUND TO FIGHT AIDS, TUBERCULOSIS,
AND MALARIA COVID-19 RESPONSE
NISM.—United States contributions
Global Fund to Fight AIDS,
and Malaria COVID-19 Response Mechanism
section 10003(a)(2) of the
Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (Public Law 107-2)—
(1) shall be meaningfully leveraged in a
manner that incentivizes other public and
private donor contributions; and
(2) shall be subject to the reporting and
withholding requirements under subsections
(c), (d) (4)(A)(ii), (d)(4)(C), (d)(5), (d)(6), (f), and
(g) of section 202 of the United States Lead-
Malaria Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7622).
COVID-19 VACCINE DISTRIBU-
STRATEGY.—The
President shall
develop a strategy to expand access to, and
accelerate the global distribution of, COVID-
19 vaccines to other countries, which shall—
(A) identify the countries that have
highest infection and death
COVID-19, the lowest COVID-19 vaccination

===== PAGE 98 =====
{"alpha_words": 1082, "chars": 7681, "method": "ocr", "page": 98, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
rates, and face the most difficult political,
and financial challenges to ob-
and delivering
and describe the basis and metrics used to
will be prioritized and targeted for COVID-19
vaccine delivery, and the rationale for such
(C) describe efforts that the United States
is making to increase
manufacturing capacity, both domestically
and internationally, as appropriate, through
support for the
establishment or refurbish-
South Africa, and
international development finance, and esti-
States Government bilaterally and through
describe efforts to encourage inter-
national partners to take actions similar to
the efforts referred to in subparagraph (C);
(E) describe how the United States Govern-
COVID-19 vaccines to intended recipients, in-
cluding United States citizens residing over-
States foreign assistance that will facilitate
and administration activities;
(F) describe how the United States Govern-
ment will ensure the efficient delivery and
United states citizens residing overseas, in-
doses to United States embassies and con-
sulates, as appropriate, giving priority to-
zens are deemed ineligible or low priority in
the national vaccination deployment plan;
(ii) countries that are not presently dis-
tributing a COVID-19 vaccine that—
emergency use by the Food and Drug Admin-
(II) has met the necessary criteria for safe-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(K) describe efforts that the United States
is making to help countries disrupt the cur-
rent transmission of COVID-19, while simul-
taneously increasing vaccination rates, uti-
lizing medical products and medical supplies.
than 90 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, the President shall submit the
strategy described in paragraph (1) to—
(A) the appropriate congressional commit-
(B) the Committee on Health, Education,
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; and
merce of the House of Representatives.
(A) IN GENERAL.—No Federal funds may be
made available to COVAX to procure
cines produced by any companies owned or
the Government of the Peo-
ple's Republic of China or by
Communist Party
State certifies that the People's Republic of
(i) is providing financial support to COVAX
States' contribution to COVAX; and
safety, and efficacy of its
COVID-19 vaccines.
The President shall en-
sure that appropriate safeguards are put in
place to ensure that the condition described
in subparagraph (A) is honored by Gavi, the
(e) LEVERAGING UNITED STATES BILATERAL
GLOBAL HEALTH PROGRAMS FOR THE INTER-
NATIONAL COVID-19 RESPONSE.
(1) AUTHORIZATION FOR LEVERAGING BILAT-
ERAL PROGRAM ACTIVITIES.—Amounts author-
ized to be appropriated or otherwise made
available to carry out section 104 of the For-
eign Assistance Act (22 U.S.C. 2151b) may be
foreign assistance-
(A) to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, in-
(A) assesses the global humanitarian re-
sponse to COVID-19; and
(B) outlines specific elements of the United
States Government's country-level humani-
tarian response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
-The report required under
paragraph (1) shall include
(A) for countries receiving United States
areas, including
(i) legal and bureaucratic restrictions on
do not allow adequate time for humanitarian
workers to quarantine upon arrival in-line
with host country regulations, conduct needs
States-funded pro-
gramming in an efficient, effective, and un-
(il) restrictions on travel by humanitarian
workers within such country to reach the
marginalized populations reside;
(iii) access to medical evacuation in the
event of a health emergency;
personal protective equip-
ment for United States Government imple-
menting partners; and
(v) efforts to support access to COVID-19
vaccines for humanitarian and health-work-
ers and crisis-affected communities;
(B) an analysis and description of countries
(regardless of whether such countries have
populations from accessing necessary assist-
ance related to COVID-19, including-
(i) the omission of vulnerable populations
from national response plans;
(il) laws, policies, or practices that restrict
lations at public hospitals and health facili-
(G) summarize the United States Govern-
technology sharing and the licensing of in-
tellectual property, to the extent necessary,
to support the adequate and timely supply of
vaccines and vaccine components
the vaccination goals specified in subsection
(a)(6), giving due consideration to avoiding
tion and intellectual property rights or pro-
tections with respect to vaccine development
in performing the assessment required under
support related activities, includ-
(i) strengthening vaccine readiness;
(ii) reducing vaccine hesitancy and misin-
(iii) delivering and administering COVID-
(iv) strengthening health systems and sup-
(v) supporting health care workforce plan-
ning, training, and management;
(vi) enhancing transparency, quality, and
reliability of public health data;
(vil) increasing bidirectional
asymptomatic cases; and
(viii) building laboratory capacity.
(2) ADJUSTMENT OF TARGETS AND GOALS.-
The Secretary of State, in coordination with
the heads of other relevant Federal depart-
ments and agencies,
shall submit an annual
report to the appropriate congressional com-
(A) any adjustments to original program
targets and goals that result from the use of
against, vulnerable populations in law, pol-
icy, or practice that prevents equitable ac-
cess to food, shelter, and other basic assist-
(C) a description of United States Govern-
ment efforts to facilitate greater humani-
tarian access, including
relevant foreign governments and multilat-
eral institutions to ensure that vulnerable
and marginalized populations are included in
national response plans and other relevant
plans developed in response to the COVID-19
(il) advocacy and diplomatic efforts with
relevant foreign governments to ensure that
appropriate visas, work permits, and domes-
tie travel exemptions are issued for humani-
tarian and health workers responding to the
(D) a description of United States Govern-
ment plans and efforts to address the second-
order impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and
assessment of the resources required to
tasks, and, as appropriate, the authorities of
the Secretary of State, the USAID Adminis-
Secretary of Health and Human
Services, the Director of the Centers for Dis-
ease Control and Prevention, the Chief Exec-
national Development Finance Corporation,
and the heads of other relevant Federal de-
partments and agencies with respect to the
implementation of such strategy;
(1) describe how the Department of state
will coordinate
retary of Health and Human Services and the
heads of other relevant Federal agencies to
expedite the export and distribution of ex-
cess federally purchased vaccines to support
countries in need and ensure such vaccines
(J) summarize the United States public di-
plomacy strategies for branding and address-
ing vaccine misinformation and hesitancy
within partner countries; and
(i) famine and acute food insecurity;
(iii) mental health and psychosocial sup-
(B) the amounts needed in the following
fiscal year to meet the original program
goals, as necessary and appropriate.
(f) REPORT ON HUMANITARIAN RESPONSE TO
(1) IN GENERAL.
after the date of the enactment of this Act.
the Secretary of State, in consultation with
the USAID Administrator and the Secretary
of Health and Human Services, shall submit
the appropriate congressional
(v) health, education, and livelihoods;
(vil) attempts to close civil society space,
including through bureaucratic, administra-
tive, and health or security related impedi-
(g) SAFEGUARDING DEMOCRACY AND HUMAN
RIGHTS DURING THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC.
(1) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of

===== PAGE 99 =====
{"alpha_words": 1243, "chars": 8677, "method": "ocr", "page": 99, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7906
(A) governments may be required to take
appropriate extraordinary measures during
public health emergencies to halt the spread
of disease, including closing businesses and
public
events,
limiting
access
to
public
spaces, and restricting the movement of peo-
ple;
(B)
certain
foreign
governments
taken
measures in response
to COVID-19
that violate the human rights of their citi-
zens without clear public health justifica-
tion, oversight measures, or sunset provi-
sions;
(C) governments using the COVID-19 pan-
demic as a pretext for repression have under-
mined democratic institutions,
debilitated
institutions for transparency and public in-
tegrity, quashed legitimate dissent, and at-
tacked journalists,
civil
society
organiza-
tions, activists, independent voices, and vul-
nerable and
marginalized populations,
cluding refugees
and
migrants,
with
reaching consequences that will extend be-
yond the current crisis;
(D) foreign governments should take im-
mediate steps to release from prison all arbi-
trarily detained United States citizens and
political prisoners who may be at increased
risk for contracting or suffering from com-
plications from COVID-19;
(E) COVID-19 threatens to roll back dec-
ades of progress for women and girls, dis-
proportionately
affecting
women
economi-
cally,
educationally,
to
health, while also leading to alarming rises
in gender based violence; and
(F) during and after the pandemic, the De-
partment
State and USAID
rectly, and through nongovernmental orga-
nizations
provide assistance and implement programs
that support democratic institutions,
society, free media, and the advancement of
internationally recognized human rights.
(2) FUNDING FOR CIVIL SOCIETY AND HUMAN
RIGHTS DEFENDERS.
(A)
PROGRAM PRIORITIES.—Amounts
available for
each of the fiscal years 2022
through 2026 to carry out the purposes of sec-
tions 101 and 102 of the Foreign Assistance
Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 and 2151-1), includ-
ing programs to support democratic institu-
tions, human rights defenders, civil society,
and freedom of the press, should be targeted,
to the extent feasible,
organizations in
countries in which
gency government measures
sponse to the COVID-19 pandemic have vio-
lated
rights.
(B) ELIGIBLE ORGANIZATIONS.—Civil society
organizations
which
taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic
violated
internationally recognized human
rights shall be eligible to receive funds made
available to carry out the purposes of sec-
tions 101 and 102 of the Foreign Assistance
Act of 1961 for each of the fiscal years 2022
through 2026, for-
(i) programs designed to strengthen and
support civil society, human rights
defend-
ers, freedom of association, and the freedom
of the press;
(ii) programs to restore democratic insti-
tutions; and
(iii) peacebuilding and conflict prevention
to address the impacts of COVID-19 on social
cohesion, public trust, and conflict dynamics
by adapting existing programs or investing
in new ones.
(C) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State shall submit a report
to the appropriate congressional committees
that-
(i) lists the countries
measures
limiting
whose emergency
internationally
recog-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
nized human rights in a manner inconsistent have invested heavily in media distortion
with the principles of limitation and deroga-
and disinformation, including about COVID-
tion remain in place;
(ii) describes such countries'
(ii) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
nationally recognized human rights; and
(II) an analysis of the impact of such meas-
ures on access to health and etforts to con-
trol the COVID-19 pandemic within the coun-
(I) commission technical experts to bolster
efforts to counter social media tools, includ-
ing bots used by some countries to promote
(II) expand digital programming and local
coverage to expose China's media manipula-
(III) increase English language
help counter China's propaganda directed to-
ward English-speaking audiences.
(I) security and intelligence surveillance
measures implemented by countries during
(I1) the extent to which such measures
have been, or have not been, rolled back; and
(III) whether and how such measures im-
(i) FINDING.—Congress finds that the Mid-
(iv) includes a strategic plan by the De-
partment of State and USAID that address-
es,
through multilateral and bilateral diplo-
macy and foreign assistance, the persistent
issues related to the
restriction of inter-
nationally
recognized human rights in the
COVID-19 response.
(h)
PUBLIC
DIPLOMACY AND COMBATING
DISINFORMATION AND MISINFORMATION ABOUT
COVID-19.-
(1) UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR GLOBAL
MEDIA.—
(A)
FINDING.—Congress
finds
that
the
United States Agency for Global Media (re-
ferred to in this subsection as 'USAGM")
proven valuable in providing timely and ac-
curate information, particularly in countries
in which the free press is under threat.
(B) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that—
(i) accurate, investigative,
journalism is critical for societies to effec-
tively combat global health threats; and
(ii) Congress supports-
and scientific reporting by USAGM networks
and grantees regarding COVID-19; and
(II) platforms that help dispel and combat
malign state and nonstate actors remain ac-
(ii) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that the Middle East Broadcasting
Networks should-
(I) continue plans to expand an investiga-
tive news unit; and
(II) work to
ensure that reporting con-
tinues amidst operational challenges on the
ground.
(H) OPEN TECHNOLOGY FUND.
(i) FINDING.—Congress finds that the Open
Technology Fund works to advance internet
freedom in repressive environments by sup-
porting technologies that-
(I) provide secure and uncensored access to
USAGM's content and the broader internet;
(II) counter attempts by authoritarian gov-
ernments to control the internet and restrict
(ii) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that the Open Technology Fund
(I) support a broad range of technologies to
respond to increasingly aggressive and so-
threats and provide more comprehensive and
tailored support to USAGM's networks; and
(II) provide direct assistance to USAGM's
networks to improve the digital security of
reporting operations and journalists.
(2) DEPARTMENT OF STATE PUBLIC DIPLO-
(C) VOICE OF AMERICA.-It is the sense of
Congress that amounts authorized to be ap-
otherwise made available to
Voice of America should be used—
(1) to expand
programs such as POLY-
(il) to provide critical tools for combating
propaganda associated with COVID-19; and
(iii) to assist journalists in providing accu-
rate information to local media outlets.
(D) OFFICE OF CUBA
the sense of Congress that Radio Televisión
Marti and Digital Marti should continue to
(i) The Department of State's public diplo-
macy programs build global networks that
can address shared challenges, such as the
COVID-19 pandemic, including through ex-
(ii) The programs referred to in clause (i)
play a critical role in creating open and re-
silient information environments
mocracies can thrive, as articulated in the
2020 Public Diplomacy Strategic Plan, in-
(E) RADIO FREE EUROPE/RADIO LIBERTY.—
(i) FINDING.—Congress finds
this section as "RFE/RL") operate in media
markets in which authoritarian state and
nonstate
including Russia, heavily
invest in misinformation and disinformation
campaigns
designed
… TO
promote
confusion
and mistrust.
(ii) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that RFE/RL should-
(I) increase investigative reporting regard-
ing the impacts of COVID-19, the political
and social responses governments are taking
in response to COVID-19, and the lasting im-
pacts such actions will have on key political
freedoms; and
(II) expand its "digital first" strategy.
(F) RADIO FREE ASIA.—
(i)
FINDING.-
Congress finds that
Radio
Free Asia (RFA) operates in a media market
dominated by powerful state-run media that
nalist training and reporting tours;
(II) conducting media
and
(III) supporting media access activities.
(iii) The International Visitor Leadership
Program and Digital Communications Net-
work engaged journalists around the world
to combat
COVID-19
mote
unbiased
disinformation, pro-
reporting,
and
strengthen
media literacy.
(iv) More than 12,000 physicians holding J-
1 visas from 130 countries-
(I) are engaged in residency or fellowship
training
at
approximately
750
hospitals
throughout the United States,
the majority
of whom are serving in States that have been
the hardest hit by COVID-19; and
(II) throughout the pandemic, have served
on the front lines of the medical workforce

===== PAGE 100 =====
{"alpha_words": 1204, "chars": 8385, "method": "ocr", "page": 100, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
and in United States university laboratories
researching ways to detect and treat the
VISA PROCESSING BRIEFING.—Not later
than 30 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, the Assistant Secretary for Con-
sular Affairs shall brief the appropriate con-
gressional committees by providing—
(1) a timeline for increasing visa processing
at embassies around the world,
notably where there are-
(I) many American citizens, including dual
nationals; and
(II) many visa applicants for educational
exchange programs that pro-
mote United States foreign policy objectives
and economic stability to small businesses,
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(ill) more concessional resources; and
(iv) an extension in the Debt Service Sus-
pension Initiative established by the Group
(2) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that-
(A) even when markets begin to recover in
the future, it is likely that access to capital
will be especially challenging for developing
countries, which still will be struggling with
the containment of, and recovery from, the
(B) economic uncertainty and the inability
of individuals and households to generate in-
bility and social discord, which create condi-
tions for insecurity;
(C) it is in the security and economic inter-
ests of the United States to assist in the eco-
nomic recovery of developing countries that
are made more vulnerable and unstable from
the public health and economic impacts of
the COVID-19 pandemic;
Organization, and the World Organization for
Animal Health, to advance a One Health ap-
proach toward preventing, detecting, and re-
sponding to zoonotic threats in the human-
(k) ROLES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE,
(ii) a detailed plan for using existing au-
natives to in-person appointments and inter-
(iii) an assessment of whether additional
authorities and resources are required for
the use of videoconference appointments and
interviews as an alternative to in-person ap-
pointments and interviews; and
(iv) a detailed plan for using existing au-
services at embassies and consulates of the
United States around the world,
sessment of whether additional authorities
and resources are required.
(C) GLOBAL ENGAGEMENT CENTER.—
(1) FINDING.—Congress finds that since the
beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, publi-
cations, websites, and platforms associated
with China, Russia, and Iran have sponsored
COVID-19 pandemic, including falsely blam-
ing the United States for the disease.
(ii) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that the Global Engagement Center
should continue its efforts to expose and
disinformation related to COVID-19, the ori-
COVID-19, and COVID-19 vaccina-
(i) FINDINGS AND SENSE OF CONGRESS RE-
GARDING THE UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT FINANCE CORPORATION.—
(1) FINDINGS.—Congress finds the following:
(A) The COVID-19 pandemic is
global economic recession, as evidenced by
the global economic indicators described in
subparagraphs (B) through (D).
Trade and Development determined that the
COVID-19 pandemic pushed the global econ-
omy into recession in 2020 on a scale that has
not been witnessed since the 1930s.
(C) Developed countries are expected to ex-
bound in gross domestic product growth dur-
ing 2021 than is expected to be experienced in
about a further expansion in the gap between
rich and poor countries, particularly if this
trend continues into 2022.
(D) Global markets have suffered
ranging between 5 percent and over 10 per-
While markets are recovering in 2021, global
job losses and unemployment rates remain
(i) approximately 33,000,000 labor hours lost
globally (13 per cent of the total hours lost)
due to outright unemployment; and
(ii) an estimated additional 81,000,000 labor
hours lost due to inactivity or underemploy-
isters have requested continued efforts to
seek to blunt the impacts of a COVID-19 re-
lated economic recession by
supporting in-
vestments in sectors critical to maintaining
economic stability and resilience in low and
(E) the need for the United States Inter-
national Development Finance Corporation's
support for advancing development outcomes
in less developed countries,
as mandated by
the Better Utilization of Investments Lead-
ing to Development Act of 2018 (22 U.S.C. 9601
et seq.), is critical to ensuring lasting and re-
economic growth in
nomic hardships and challenges;
(F) The United States International Devel-
opment Finance Corporation should adjust
smart risks that may produce a lower rate of
financial return, but produce significant de-
economic effects of COVID-19;
(G) to mitigate the economic impacts of
the COVID-19 recession, the United States
International Development Finance Corpora-
tion should use its resources and authorities,
among other things-
(i) to ensure loan support for small- and
(ii) to offer local currency loans to bor-
rowers for working capital needs;
(iii) to create dedicated financing opportu-
nities for new "customers' that are experi-
encing financial hardship due to the COVID-
19 pandemic; and
nance institutions to create co-financing fa-
hardship due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
COOPERATION TO PREVENT AND RE-
SPOND TO FUTURE PANDEMICS.—It is the sense
(1) global pandemic preparedness and
sponse requires international and regional
cooperation and action;
(2) the United States should lead efforts in
multilateral fora, such as the Group of 7, the
Group of 20, and the United Nations, by col-
laborating and cooperating with other coun
tries and international and regional organi-
zations, including the World Health Organi-
zation and other key stakeholders, to imple-
agreements to better prevent, detect, and re-
spond to future infectious disease threats be-
fore they become pandemics; and
(3) the United States should enhance and
among the relevant Federal departments and
agencies, the Food and Agriculture Organiza-
tion of the United Nations, the World Health
AND HUMAN SERVICES IN
INTERNATIONAL PANDEMIC RESPONSE.-
(1) DESIGNATION OF LEAD AGENCIES FOR CO-
ORDINATION OF
UNITED STATES'
TO INFECTIOUS DISEASE
OUTBREAKS WITH SEVERE OR PANDEMIC POTEN-
evant Federal departments and agencies, in-
cluding the Department of State,
and the Department of Health
Services (including the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention), to lead specific as-
pects of the United States' international re-
sequence infectious disease threats.
(2) NOTIFICATION.—Not later than 120 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the President shall notify
congressional committees, the Committee on
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of
and Commerce of the House of Representa-
tives of the designations made pursuant to
paragraph (1), including detailed descriptions
of the roles and responsibilities of each rel-
evant department and agency.
(1) USAID DISASTER SURGE CAPACITY.-
(1) SURGE CAPACITY.—Amounts authorized
to be appropriated or otherwise made avail-
able to carry out part I and chapter 4 of part
Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22
available for "Assistance for Europe, Eurasia
and Central Asia", may be used, in addition
amounts otherwise made available for
such purposes, for the cost (including sup-
port costs) of individuals detailed to or em-
ployed by USAID whose primary responsi-
bility is to carry out programs in response to
man-made disasters.
(2) NOTIFICATION.—Not later than 15 days
disasters pursuant to paragraph
(1), the Secretary of State or the USAID Ad-
ministrator shall notify the appropriate con-
gressional committees of such action.
STATEMENT OF
TARIAN ASSISTANCE TO COUNTRIES AFFECTED
(1) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It shall be the
policy of the United States-
(A) to ensure that United States assistance
sion of vaccines,
marginalized populations,
and religious minorities, refugees, internally
displaced persons, migrants,
children, the elderly, and per-
dresses the second order effects of a
demic, including acute food insecurity; and
(C) to protect and support humanitarian
mitigating and responding to
spread of a pandemic among vulnerable and
marginalized groups described in subpara-
graph (A), including ensuring that such hu-
(i) are exempted from unreasonable travel
tively provide life-saving assistance; and
(ii) are prioritized as frontline workers in
country vaccine distribution plans.
(2) FACILITATING EFFECTIVE AND SAFE HU-
State, in coordination with the USAID Ad-
ministrator, should carry out actions that

===== PAGE 101 =====
{"alpha_words": 1178, "chars": 8416, "method": "ocr", "page": 101, "variant": "plain-vision"}
policies set forth in para-
(A) taking steps to ensure that travel re-
strictions implemented to help contain the
spread of a pandemic are not applied to indi-
viduals authorized by the United States Gov-
ernment to travel to, or reside in,
ignated country to provide assistance related
to, or otherwise impacted by, an outbreak;
(B) approving the use of foreign assistance
for the procurement of personal protective
equipment by United States Government im-
plementing partners from businesses within
or nearby the country receiving foreign as-
sistance on an urgent basis and in a manner
spread of a pandemic in the United States;
(C) waiving certain travel restrictions im-
plemented to help contain the spread of a
pandemic in order to facilitate
evacuation of United States Government im-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
ess, the Global Health Security Index classi-
fication of health systems, national action
plans for health security, the Global Health
November 4, 2021
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and
Pensions of the Senate, and the Committee
on Energy and Commerce of the House of
Representatives.
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year
after the submission of the strategy to the
congressional
paragraph (2), and not later than October 1 of
each year thereafter for the following 4 fiscal
years, the President shall submit a report to
SEC. 1295. INTERNATIONAL PANDEMIC PREVEN-
section, the term "partner country" means a
foreign country in which the relevant Fed-
menting United States assistance for global
health security and pandemic prevention and
preparedness under this subtitle.
(b) UNITED STATES GLOBAL
(1) IN GENERAL.—The President shall de-
velop, update, maintain, and advance a com-
preparedness, and response that-
(A) clearly articulates the policy goals re-
lated to pandemic prevention, preparedness,
and response, and actions necessary to ele-
strengthen United States diplo-
matic leadership in global health
(B) improves the effectiveness of United
States foreign assistance to prevent, detect,
and respond to infectious disease threats, in-
cluding through the advancement of a One
Health approach, the Global Health Security
tions (2005), and other relevant frameworks
health security and pandemic preparedness;
establishes specific
goals, benchmarks, timetables, performance
plans for United States foreign policy and as-
sistance for global health security that pro-
mote learning and adaptation
international best practices relating to glob-
(D) establishes transparent means to im-
prove coordination and performance
relevant Federal departments
and sets out clear roles and responsibilities
that reflect the unique capabilities and re-
sources of each such department and agency;
(E) establishes mechanisms to improve co-
ordination and avoid duplication of effort
among the relevant Federal departments and
agencies, partner countries, donor countries,
multilateral organiza-
tions, and other key stakeholders, and en-
sures collaboration at the country level;
(F) supports, and is aligned with, partner
global health
security policy
and investment plans, developed with input
from key stakeholders, as appropriate;
(G) prioritizes working with partner coun-
cessor indicators of global health security
and pandemic preparedness; and
parency, including budget and global health
International Health Regulations (2005), in-
achieving measurable results;
(H) reduces long-term reliance upon United
States foreign assistance for global health
(i) helping build and enhance community
resilience to infectious disease emergencies
and threats, such as COVID-19 and Ebola;
assistance is strategically planned
and coordinated in a manner that contrib-
utes to the strengthening of overall health
systems and builds the capacity of local or-
ganizations and institutions;
(iii) promoting improved domestic resource
mobilization, co-financing,
national budget allocations for strong public
health systems, global health security, and
pandemic preparedness and response in part-
ner countries; and
(iv) ensuring partner country ownership of
global health security strategies, data, pro-
grams, and outcomes;
(I) supports health budget and workforce
training in public financial management and
(J) works to ensure that-
(i) partner countries have national action
plans for health security that are developed
with input from key stakeholders, including
communities and the private sector;
global health security is aligned with such
national action plans for health security in
partner countries, developed with input from
and the private sector, to the greatest extent
practicable and appropriate; and
(iii) United States global health security
are aligned with ongoing strategies
and initiatives across government agencies
nations better identify and prevent
health impacts related to deforestation, cli-
mate-related events,
and increased
interactions between wildlife, livestock, and
gence, and spread of zoonoses;
strengthens linkages
bilateral and multilateral
eign assistance programs, including
of the World Bank, the World Health Organi-
zation, the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tu-
Alliance, and regional health organizations,
that contribute to the development of more
resilient health systems and supply chains in
sources, and personnel required to prevent,
and respond to infectious
(L) supports innovation and partnerships
tions, civil society, nongovernmental organi-
and health research and academic
institutions to improve pandemic prepared-
ness and response, including for the preven-
tion and detection of infectious disease, and
the development and deployment of effective
and accessible
infectious disease tracking
diagnostics, therapeutics,
(i) the status of the implementation of the
strategy required under paragraph (1);
(ii) any necessary updates to
(iii) the progress made in implementing
the strategy, with specific information re-
lated to the progress toward improving coun-
tries' ability to detect, respond and prevent
the spread of infectious disease threats, such
as COVID-19 and Ebola; and
(iv) details on the status of funds made
available to carry out the purposes of this
AGENCY-SPECIFIC PLANS.—The reports
required under subparagraph (A) shall in-
implementation plans
each relevant Federal department and agen-
(i) how updates to the strategy may have
impacted the agency's plan during the pre-
ceding calendar year;
(ii) the progress made in meeting the goals,
objectives, and benchmarks under implemen-
tation plans during the preceding year;
(iii) the anticipated staffing plans and con-
tributions of the department or agency, in-
cluding technical, financial, and in-kind con-
tributions, to implement the strategy;
open, and detailed ac-
counting of obligations by each of the rel-
evant Federal departments and agencies to
implement the strategy, including
(I) the statutory source of obligated funds;
(III) implementing partners;
(IV) targeted beneficiaries; and
(V) activities supported;
(v) the efforts of the relevant Federal de-
partment or agency to ensure that the ac-
tivities and programs carried out pursuant
to the strategy are designed to achieve max-
imum impact and enduring returns, includ-
ing through specific activities to strengthen
health systems, as appropriate; and
(vi) a plan for regularly reviewing and up-
dating programs and partnerships,
sharing lessons learned with a wide range of
open, transparent man-
(C) FORM.—The reports required under sub-
paragraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassi-
form, but may contain a classified
(C) COMMITTEE ON GLOBAL HEALTH
(1) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It shall be the
policy of the United States-
(A) to promote global health security as a
core national security interest; and
(B) to ensure effective coordination and
collaboration between the relevant Federal
departments and agencies engaged in efforts
to advance the global health security of the
than 120 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, the President shall submit the
strategy required under paragraph (1) to the
through the Joint External Evaluation proc-
appropriate congressional
(A) ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMITTEE.—There
is authorized to be established,
National Security Council, the Committee
on Global Health Security and Pandemic and
Biological Threats (referred to in this sub-
section as the 'Committee'), whose day-to-
day operations should be led by the Special
Advisor for Global Health Security.

===== PAGE 102 =====
{"alpha_words": 1135, "chars": 8203, "method": "ocr", "page": 102, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(B) SPECIAL ADVISOR FOR GLOBAL HEALTH
-The Special Advisor for Global
Health Security
(i) should serve on the staff of the National
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
retary of State to oversee the implementa-
tion of programs and policies that advance
global health security within foreign con-
(ii) may also be the Senior Director for the
Global Health Security and Biodefense Di-
rectorate within the Executive Office of the
President, who reports to the Assistant to
the President for National Security Affairs.
(i) IN GENERAL.—The functions of the Com-
(I) to provide strategic guidance for the de-
velopment of a policy framework for United
global health security,
including pandemic
prevention, preparedness and response; and
(II) to ensure policy coordination between
United States Government agencies.
(ii) ACTIVITIES.—In carrying out the func-
tions described in clause (i), the Committee
(1) conduct, in coordination with the heads
of relevant Federal departments and agen-
cies, a review of existing United States glob-
al health security policies and strategies;
(II) develop recommendations for how the
Federal Government may regularly update
and harmonize the policies and strategies re-
States Government to respond to
pandemic threats and to monitor the imple-
mentation of such strategies;
(III) develop a plan for modernizing global
early warning and trigger systems for scal-
ing action to prevent, detect, respond to, and
recover from emerging biological threats;
(IV) provide policy-level recommendations
regarding the Global Health Security Agenda
goals, objectives, and implementation, and
other international
pandemic prevention, preparedness
(V) review the progress toward, and work-
United States commitments under the Glob-
(VI) develop protocols for coordinating and
high-consequence infectious disease threats
that outline the respective roles for relevant
Federal agencies in facilitating and sup-
porting such response operations that should
facilitate the operational work of Federal
agencies and of the Special Advisor for Glob-
(VII) make recommendations regarding ap-
threats and ensure the coordination of do-
mestic and international agencies regarding
the Federal Government's efforts to prevent,
detect, respond to, and recover from biologi-
(VIII) take steps to strengthen the global
pandemic supply chain and address any bar-
riers to the timely delivery of supplies in re-
sponse to a pandemic, including through en-
gagement with the private sector, as appro-
develop recommendations to ensure
the effective sharing of information from do-
mestic and international sources about pan-
among the relevant Federal
departments and agencies,
governments, and international partners and
(X) develop guidelines to enhance and im-
prove the operational coordination between
(E) SPECIFIC ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES.
Federal departments and agencies should-
(I) make global health security and pan-
demic threat reduction a high priority with-
respective departments
cies, and include global health security and
pandemic threat reduction-related activities
planning and budget processes;
(II) designate a senior-level official to be
responsible for global health
pandemic threat reduction at each of their
respective departments and agencies;
(III) designate an appropriate representa-
tive at the Assistant Secretary level or high-
er to participate on the Committee whenever
the head of the department or agency cannot
(IV) keep the Committee apprised of Glob-
al Health Security and pandemic threat re-
duction-related activities undertaken within
their respective departments and agencies;
for agency-related programmatic functions
with partner governments,
and global health security in-country teams;
GHSA-related activities undertaken within
(ii) ADDITIONAL ROLES
ITIES.—In addition to the roles and respon-
sibilities described in clause (i), the heads of
the relevant Federal departments and agen-
cies should carry out their respective roles
and responsibilities described in-
(I) Executive Order
78701; relating
Advancing the
Health Security Agenda to Achieve a World
(II) the National Security Memorandum-1
on United States Global
International COVID-19 Re-
sponse and to Advance Global Health Secu-
rity and Biological Preparedness, as in effect
on the day before the date of the enactment
HEALTH SECURITY AND DIPLOMACY COORDINA-
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established,
within the Department of State,
national Activities to Advance Global Health
Security and Diplomacy Overseas (referred
QUALIFICATIONS.—The
(A) shall be appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
(B) shall report to the Secretary of State;
(C) shall have
(i) demonstrated knowledge and experience
health, epidemiology, or medicine; and
(ii) relevant diplomatic, policy, and polit-
agencies with respect to pandemic threats.
(D) RESPONSIBILITIES OF DEPARTMENTS AND
AGENCIES.—The Committee and the
Advisor for Global Health Security shall not
(3) AUTHORITIES.—The Special Representa-
tive is authorized
(A) to operate internationally to carry out
the purposes of this section;
(B) to lead in developing a global pandemic
assume any responsibilities or authorities of
the head of any Federal department, agency,
framework to support global pandemic pre-
or office, including the foreign affairs re-
vention, preparedness, responses and recov-
authorities of the Sec- ery efforts, including through—
(i) diplomatic engagement and related for-
eign policy efforts, such as multilateral and
bilateral arrangements, enhanced coordina-
tion of engagement with multilateral organi-
zations and countries, and the mobilization
(ii) support for United States citizens liv-
ing abroad, including consular support;
(C) to serve as the representative of the
Department of State on the Committee on
Security and Pandemic and
Biological Threats authorized to be estab-
lished under subsection (b)(2)(B);
(D) to represent the United States in the
multilateral, catalytic financing mechanism
described in section 1296(b)(1);
(E) to transfer and allocate United States
foreign assistance funding authorized to be
the relevant Federal departments and agen-
under subsection (b), in coordination
the Office of Management and Budget and
(F) to utilize detailees, on a reimbursable
or nonreimbursable basis, from the relevant
Federal departments and agencies and hire
personal service contractors, who may oper-
ate domestically and internationally, to en-
sure that the Office of the Special Represent-
ative has access to the highest quality ex-
perts available to the United States Govern-
ment to carry out the functions under this
(G) to perform such other functions as the
Secretary of State may assign.
shall coordinate, manage, and oversee United
States foreign policy, diplomatic efforts, and
foreign assistance funded with amounts ap-
propriated pursuant to paragraph (6) to ad-
vance the relevant elements of the United
States Global Health Security and Diplo-
macy Strategy developed pursuant to sub-
(A) developing and coordinating a global
pandemic prevention, preparedness
sponse framework consistent with paragraph
(B) enhancing engagement with multilat-
eral organizations and partner countries, in-
cluding through the mobilization of donor
enhancing coordination of consular
services for United States citizens abroad in
the event of a global health emergency;
tion and implementation of international ac-
tivities, by the relevant Federal departments
(i) formulating, issuing, and updating re-
USAID and the Department of Health and
toring, and evaluation plans;
in coordination with United
States chiefs of mission and country teams
(1) the foreign assistance resources funded
with amounts appropriated pursuant to para-
(II) international activities described
subsection (b)(3)(B) with the relevant Fed-
eral departments and agencies in a manner
(aa) is consistent with Executive
13747 (81 Fed. Reg. 78701; relating to Advanc-
ing the Global Health
Achieve a World Safe and Secure from Infec-
(bb) is consistent with the National Secu-
rity Memorandum on United States
Leadership to Strengthen the International
COVID-19 Response and to Advance

===== PAGE 103 =====
{"alpha_words": 1195, "chars": 8504, "method": "ocr", "page": 103, "variant": "plain-vision"}
President Biden on January
(cc) reflects and leverages the unique capa-
bilities of each such department and agency;
agency working group on international pan-
demic prevention
and preparedness,
by the Special Representative and including
departments and agencies, to facilitate co-
ordination of activities relating to pandemic
prevention and preparedness in partner coun-
(v) working with, and leveraging the exper-
tise and activities of, the Office of the United
States Global AIDS Coordinator, the Office
of the United States Global Malaria
nator, and similar or successor entities that
health assistance overseas; and
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et global health in such country, with the aim
seq.), may include support for-
of establishing an enduring model for coordi-
(i) enhancing preparedness in partner coun-
nating health systems strengthening activi-
tries through implementation of the Global
including improving
paredness in additional countries in the fu-
(B) ASSESSMENT.—In each of the countries
selected under subparagraph (A), USAID mis-
sions, in consultation with USAID's Office of
Health Systems, should conduct an assess-
(i) takes a comprehensive view of the con-
straints in the country's health system that
prevent the achievement of desired outcomes
health programs;
(ii) identifies the best opportunities for im-
proving health systems to achieve improved
outcomes, including obstacles to health serv-
(iii) maps the resources of the country and
funding disputes among the relevant Federal
(E) leading diplomatic efforts to identify
and address current and emerging threats to
global health security;
(F) coordinating, in consultation with the
Secretary of Health and Human Services and
resentation of the United States in relevant
international forums, including at the World
sembly, and meetings of the Global Health
Security Agenda and of the Global Health
(G) working to enhance coordination with,
and transparency among, the governments of
partner countries and key stakeholders,
(H) promoting greater donor and national
investment in partner countries
more resilient health systems and supply
chains, including through representation and
participation in a multilateral, catalytic fi-
nancing mechanism
for global health secu-
rity and pandemic prevention and prepared-
ness, consistent with section 1296;
(I) securing bilateral and multilateral fi-
nancing commitments to advance the Global
with the relevant Federal departments and
agencies, including through funding for the
(ii) replenishing the Emergency Reserve
Fund at USAID, established pursuant to sec-
7058(c)(1) of the Department of State,
and Related Programs
Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public
Law 115-31) to address new or
fectious disease threats, as necessary and ap-
United States contributions to
World Bank Health Emergency Preparedness
and Response Multi-Donor Fund; and
(iv) United States contributions to a mul-
catalytic financing mechanism for
global health security and pandemic preven-
tion and preparedness described in section
(B) ExcEPTION.—Section 110 of the Traf-
ficking Victims
Act of 2000 (22
U.S.C. 7107) shall not apply to assistance
made available pursuant to this subsection.
(e) RESILIENCE.-
shall be the policy of
the United States to support the growth of
healthier, more stable societies, while ad-
vancing the global health security interests
of the United States by working with key
(1) in developing countries that are highly
the emergence,
and spread of infectious diseases with pan-
demic potential, including disease outbreaks
resulting from natural and manmade disas-
human displacement, loss of natural
ana other political, security,
and climatic shocks and stresses:
(2) to develop effective tools to identify,
that make such countries vulnerable;
(3) to better integrate short-, medium-, and
long-term recovery efforts into global health
emergency response and disaster relief; and
(4) to ensure that international assistance
and financing tools are effectively designed,
objectively informed, strategically targeted,
and rigorously monitored and evaluated in a
manner that advances the policy objectives
(f) STRENGTHENING HEALTH SYSTEMS.-
(1) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It shall be the
policy of the United States to ensure that bi-
lateral global health assistance programs are
effectively managed and coordinated to con-
tribute to the strengthening of health sys-
grams are carried out, as necessary and ap-
propriate for the purposes of achieving im-
strengthening; and
(iv) develops, based on the results of the
assessment described in clause (i), and imple-
ments a new or revised 5-year strategy for
United States assistance to strengthen
country's health system that-
(I) provides a framework for implementing
(II) identifies key areas for investments to
strengthen the health system in alignment
with other donors and achieve health out-
comes beyond a single sector;
(III) specifies the anticipated role of health
programs undertaken by each of the relevant
Federal departments and agencies operating
in the country in implementing such strat-
(IV) includes clear goals, benchmarks, out-
outcomes, a means of meas-
uring progress and a cost analysis; and
(V) requires reporting by each Federal de-
partment and agency regarding their partici-
PEPFAR Annual Report to Congress.
(J) providing regular updates to the appro-
priate congressional committees, the Com-
Pensions of the Senate, and the Committee
on Energy and Commerce of the House of
Representatives regarding the fulfillment of
the duties described in this subsection.
(5) DEPUTY REPRESENTATIVE.
Representative should be supported by a dep-
(A) should be an employee of USAID serv-
ing in a career or noncareer position in the
Senior Executive Service or at the level of a
Deputy Assistant Administrator or higher;
(B) should have demonstrated knowledge
and experience in the fields of development
and public health, epidemiology, or medi-
(C) serves concurrently as the deputy and
performs the functions described in
3(h) of Executive Order 13747 (81 Fed. Reg.
(6) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.
USAID shall work with the Global Malaria
Coordinator and the United States Global
AIDS Coordinator and Special Representa-
tive for Global Health Diplomacy at the De-
partment of State, and, as appropriate,
Secretary of Health and Human Services,
identify areas of collaboration and coordina-
countries with global health pro-
grams and activities undertaken by USAID
pursuant to the United States Leadership
laria Act of 2003 (Public Law
other relevant statutes to ensure that such
appropriated $5,000,000,000, for the 5-year pe-
riod beginning on October 1, 2022, to carry
out the purposes of this subsection and sec-
GENERAL.—The Administrator of
USAID should
identify not fewer than 5
countries in which the United States has sig-
tion 1296, which, in consultation with the ap-
propriate congressional committees and sub-
health to develop an integrated approach to-
ject to the requirements under chapters 1
and 10 of part I and section 634A of the For-
takes advantage of all sources of funding for
identified pursuant subparagraph (A) should
develop a strategy to strengthen health sys-
tems based on the assessment developed pur-
suant to subparagraph (B) that—
ities identified under any other action plan
focused on strengthening a country's health
system, such as the World Health Organiza-
External Evaluation
tional Action Plans for Health Security;
(ii) identifies bureaucratic barriers and in-
efficiencies, including poor linkages between
government ministries
istries and donor agencies and the extent of
any corruption, and identify actions to over-
come such barriers;
(iii) identifies potential obstacles to
issues relating to lack of political will, poor
governance of an effective health system at
all levels of the country's public health sys-
tems, especially with respect to governing
bodies and councils at the provincial, dis-
trict, and community levels, and the exclu-
sion of women, minorities, other underserved
groups, and frontline health workers in deci-
(iv) includes proposals for mobilizing suffi-
cient and durable financing for health sys-
(v) identifies barriers to building and re-
taining an effective frontline
health work-
force with key global health security capac-
Regulations (2005), including-
(I) strengthened data collection and anal-
(II) data driven decision making capacity;

===== PAGE 104 =====
{"alpha_words": 1081, "chars": 7729, "method": "ocr", "page": 104, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(III) recommendations for partner country
actions to achieve a workforce that conforms
Health Organization's rec-
nurses, and midwives and at least 15 paid,
trained, equipped, and professionally super-
vised community health workers for every
while supporting proper dis-
tribution and high-quality job performance;
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(I) progress made toward the integration
and co-financing of health systems strength-
ening activities by USAID and the Office of
the Global AIDS Coordinator; and
(II) the results of integrated efforts under
this section, including for cross-cutting ef-
forts to strengthen local health workforces.
(i) in subsection (b)(3)(D), by striking 'in-
international donor support'
'including through support for health sys-
tems strengthening, under other donor sup-
subsection (f)(3)(Q),
"the Office of the United States Global AIDS
workforce in planning for a resilient health
system to ensure essential service delivery
and pandemic response;
(vi) identifies deficiencies in information
that prevent linkages at all levels of the
health system delivery and medical supply
data, while protecting data security;
(vii) identifies weaknesses in supply chain
and procurement systems and practices, and
recommends ways to improve the efficiency,
transparency, and effectiveness of such sys-
(viii) identifies obstacles to health service
access and quality and improved health out-
comes for women and girls, and for the poor-
est and most vulnerable, including a lack of
social support and other underlying causes,
and recommendations for how to overcome
(ix) includes plans for integrating innova-
health technologies,
(x) identifies barriers to health literacy,
and recommendations for over-
(xi) includes proposals for
community health systems and the commu-
nity-based health workforce informed by the
health policy and system support to optimize
community health workers;
(xii) describes the role of the private sector
and nongovernmental health providers, in-
cluding community groups engaged in health
promotion and mutual assistance and other
institutions engaged in health delivery, in-
cluding the extent to which the local popu-
lation utilizes such health services;
health emergencies, such as last mile deliv-
ery of vaccines to respond to and prevent the
spread of infectious diseases with epidemic
and pandemic potential; and
(xiv) ensures that relevant USAID missions
and bureaus are appropriately staffed and
resourced to carry out such activities effi-
ciently, effectively,
(D) CONSULTATION AND REPORTING REQUIRE-
(i) CONSULTATION.—In developing a strat-
USAID mission should consult with a wide
variety of stakeholders, including—
(II) professional associations;
(III) patient groups;
(IV) civil society organizations (including
tions with relevant expertise in program im-
plementation); and
(ii) REPORTING.
than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Administrator of USAID and the United
States Global AIDS Coordinator shall submit
to the appropriate congressional
detailing the
progress of the
pilot program authorized under this para-
ciently resourced and staffed to ensure per-
consistency, and adoption of best
including the pilot program author-
Administrator of
USAID and the United States
Coordinator shall include detail in the fiscal
regarding health systems strengthening ac-
tivities, including-
(i) the plans for, and the progress toward,
reaching the capacity described in subpara-
requirements for sustaining
capacity, including the resources needed by
(iii) budget detail on the integration and
joint funding of health systems capacity
EFFORTS.—The
retary of State, in coordination with the Ad-
the Secretary of Health and Human Services,
should work with the Global Fund to Fight
AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria, Gavi, the
Vaccine Alliance,
relevant multilateral and international or-
ganizations and stakeholders to develop
(A) shared core indicators for strengthened
(B) agreements among donors that report-
ing requirements for health systems come
from country systems to reduce the burden
placed on partner countries;
(C) structures for joint assessments, plans,
auditing, and consultations; and
(D) a regularized approach to coordination
on health systems strengthening
(6) PUBLIC PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS TO IM-
PROVE HEALTH SYSTEMS STRENGTHENING.—The
graph (3)(C) should include a section that—
(A) discusses the role of the private sector
national organizations with relevant exper-
(B) identifies relevant opportunities for
the private sector-
(i) to accelerate research and development
of innovative health and information tech-
nology, and to offer training related to its
improvements
(iii) to improve system efficiency;
(iv) to develop training related to clinical
(v) to help countries develop systems for
documenting outcomes and achievements re-
lated to activities undertaken to strengthen
AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF FUNDS.-
authorized to
be appropriated or
otherwise made available to carry out sec-
tion 104 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961
(22 U.S.C. 2151b) may be made available to
carry out this subsection.
(g) ADDITIONAL AUTHORITIES.—
(1) FOREIGN ASSISTANCE ACT OF 1961.—
ter 1 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act
of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) is amended—
and Malaria to ensure that their actions sup-
port the activities taken to strengthen the
overall health systems in
tries, and efforts by" after "efforts by"; and
(C) in section 104B(g)(2) (22 U.S.C. 2151b-
of the country
(2) UNITED STATES LEADERSHIP AGAINST HIV/
Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis,
and Malaria Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7623(a)) is
(A) in paragraph (1)(A), by inserting 'in a
tributes to, efforts through other assistance
activities being carried out to strengthen na-
tional health systems and health policies"
(i) in subparagraph (C), by inserting
part of a strategy to improve overall health'
before the semicolon at the end;
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking "and"
(iii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the
period at the end and inserting "; and"; and
(iv) by adding at the end the following:
health systems capable of preventing, de-
tecting and responding to HIV/AIDS, tuber-
malaria and other infectious dis-
eases with pandemic potential."
AUTHORIZATION
UNITED STATES
DEMIC PREPAREDNESS INNOVATIONS.
(1) IN GENERAL.
-The United States is au-
thorized to participate in the Coalition for
Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (referred
to in this subsection as 'CEPI"').
(2) INVESTORS COUNCIL AND BOARD OF DIREC-
employee of USAID
serve on the Investors Council and, if nomi-
nated, on the Board of Directors of CEPI, as
a representative of the United States during
the period beginning on the date of such des-
ignation and ending on September 30, 2022.
may designate an employee of the relevant
Federal department or agency with fiduciary
responsibility for
tions to CEPI to serve on the Investors Coun-
cil and, if nominated, on the Board of Direc-
of CEPI, as a representative of the
ignated pursuant to subparagraph (A) or (B)
shall have demonstrated knowledge and ex-
perience in the fields of development and
public health, epidemiology, or medicine,
from the Federal department or agency with
primary fiduciary responsibility for United
States contributions pursuant to paragraph
(D) COORDINATION .—In carrying out the re-
sponsibilities under this subsection, an em-
ployee designated by the President to serve
on the Investors Council or the Board of Di-
as applicable, shall coordinate with
the Secretary of Health and Human Services
tween CEPI and the strategic objectives and
Secretary of Health and
strengthening,
priate)" after "health services";
(B) in section 104A (22 U.S.C. 2151b-2)—

===== PAGE 105 =====
{"alpha_words": 1439, "chars": 10315, "method": "ocr", "page": 105, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
$7912

medical countermeasures, consistent with ti-
tles III and XXVIII of the Public Health
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 241 et seq. and 300hh et
seq.).

(3) CONSULTATION.—Not later than 60 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the employee designated pursuant to para-
graph (2)(A) shall consult with the appro-
priate congressional committees, the Com-
mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and
Pensions of the Senate, and the Committee
on Energy and Commerce of the House of
Representatives regarding—

(A) the manner and extent to which the
United States plans to participate in CEPI,
including through the governance of CEPI;

(B) any planned financial contributions
from the United States to CEPI; and

(C) how participation in CEPI is expected
to support—

(i) the United States Global Health Secu-
rity Strategy required under this subtitle;

(ii) the applicable revision of the National
Biodefense Strategy required under section
1086 of the National Defense Authorization
Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (6 U.S.C. 104); and

(iii) any other relevant programs relating
to global health security and biodefense.

(4) UNITED STATES CONTRIBUTIONS.—

(A) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that the President, consistent with
the provisions under section 10003(a)(1) of the
American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, should
make an immediate contribution to CEPI in
the amount of $3800,000,000, to expand re-
search and development of vaccines to com-
bat the spread of COVID-19 variants.

(B) NOTIFICATION.—Not later than 15 days
before a contribution is made available pur-
suant to subparagraph (A), the President
shall notify the appropriate congressional
committees of the details of the amount,
purposes, and national interests served by
such contribution.

(i) INTELLIGENCE ASSESSMENTS REGARDING
NOVEL DISEASES AND PANDEMIC THREATS.—

(1) DEFINED TERM.—In this subsection, the
term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’
means—

(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
the Senate;

(B) the Select Committee on Intelligence
of the Senate;

(C) the Committee on Health, Education,
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate;

(D) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of
the House of Representatives;

(EH) the Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence of the House of Representatives;
and

(F) the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce of the House of Representatives.

(2) INTELLIGENCE ASSESSMENTS .—

(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and annually thereafter for the following 4
years, the National Intelligence Council
shall submit to the appropriate committees
of Congress an intelligence assessment re-
garding the risks posed to the national secu-
rity interests of the United States by the
emergence, reemergence, and overseas trans-
mission of pathogens with pandemic poten-
tial.

(B) ELEMENTS.—The intelligence assess-
ments submitted pursuant to subparagraph
(A) shall—

(i) identify the countries or regions most
vulnerable to the emergence or reemergence
of a pathogen with pandemic potential, in-
cluding the most likely sources and path-
ways of such emergence or reemergence,
whether naturally occurring, accidental, or
deliberate;

(ii) assess the likelihood that a pathogen
described in clause (i) will spread to the
United States, the United States Armed
Forces, diplomatic or development personnel

CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE

of the United States stationed abroad, or
citizens of the United States living abroad in
a manner that could lead to an epidemic in
the United States or otherwise affect the na-
tional security or economic prosperity of the
United States;

(iii) assess the preparedness of countries
around the world, particularly those identi-
fied pursuant to clause (i), to prevent, de-
tect, and respond to pandemic threats; and

(iv) identify any scientific, capacity, or
governance gaps in the preparedness of coun-
tries identified pursuant to clause (i), includ-
ing an analysis of the capacity and perform-
ance of any country or entity described in
clause (iii) in complying with biosecurity
standards, as applicable.

(3) CONGRESSIONAL BRIEFINGS.—The Na-
tional Intelligence Council shall provide an
annual briefing to the appropriate commit-
tees of Congress regarding—

(A) the most recent intelligence assess-
ments submitted pursuant to paragraph
(2)(A); and

(B) the emergence or reemergence of
pathogens with pandemic potential that
could lead to an epidemic described in para-
graph (2)(A)(ii).

(4) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY.—The Director of
National Intelligence shall make publicly
available an unclassified version of each in-
telligence assessment submitted pursuant to
paragraph (2)(A).

(j) PANDEMIC HARLY WARNING NETWORK.—

(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State
and the Secretary of Health and Human
Services, in coordination with the USAID
Administrator, the Director of the Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention, and the
heads of the other relevant Federal depart-
ments and agencies, shall work with the
World Health Organization and other key
stakeholders to establish or strengthen ef-
fective early warning systems, at the partner
country, regional, and international levels,
that utilize innovative information and ana-
lytical tools and robust review processes to
track, document, analyze, and forecast infec-
tious disease threats with epidemic and pan-
demic potential.

(2) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after
the date of the enactment of this Act, and
annually thereafter for the following 4 years,
the Secretary of State, in coordination with
the Secretary of Health and Human Services
and the heads of the other relevant Federal
departments and agencies, shall submit a re-
port to the appropriate congressional com-
mittees, the Committee on Health, Edu-
cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate,
and the Committee on Energy and Commerce
of the House of Representatives that de-
scribes United States Government efforts
and opportunities to establish or strengthen
effective early warning systems to detect in-
fectious disease threats internationally.

(k) INTERNATIONAL EMERGENCY OPER-
ATIONS.—

(1) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that it is essential to enhance the
capacity of key stakeholders to effectively
operationalize early warning and execute
multi-sectoral emergency operations during
an infectious disease outbreak, particularly
in countries and areas that deliberately
withhold critical global health data and
delay access during an infectious disease
outbreak in advance of the next infectious
disease outbreak with pandemic potential.

(2) PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCIES OF INTER-
NATIONAL CONCERN.—The Secretary of State,
in coordination with the Secretary of Health
and Human Services, should work with the
World Health Organization and like-minded
member states to adopt an approach toward
assessing infectious disease threats under
the International Health Regulations (2005)
for the World Health Organization to iden-

November 4, 2021

tify and transparently communicate, on an

ongoing basis, varying levels of risk leading

up to a declaration by the Director General
of the World Health Organization of a Public

Health Emergency of International Concern

for the duration and in the aftermath of such

declaration.

(3) EMERGENCY OPERATIONS.—The Secretary
of State and the Secretary of Health and
Human Services, in coordination with the
USAID Administrator, the Director of the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,
and the heads of other relevant Federal de-
partments and agencies, and consistent with
the requirements under the International
Health Regulations (2005) and the objectives
of the World Health Organization’s Health
Emergencies Programme, the Global Health
Security Agenda, and national actions plans
for health security, shall work, in coordina-
tion with the World Health Organization,
with partner countries and other Key stake-
holders to support the establishment,
strengthening, and rapid response capacity
of global health emergency operations cen-
ters, at the partner country and _ inter-
national levels, including efforts—

(A) to collect and share public health data,
assess risk, and operationalize early warn-
ing;

(B) to secure, including through utilization
of stand-by arrangements and emergency
funding mechanisms, the staff, systems, and
resources necessary to execute cross-sectoral
emergency operations during the 48-hour pe-
riod immediately following an infectious dis-
ease outbreak with pandemic potential; and

(C) to organize and conduct emergency
simulations.

SEC. 1296. FINANCING MECHANISM FOR GLOBAL
HEALTH SECURITY AND PANDEMIC
PREVENTION AND PREPAREDNESS.

(a) ELIGIBLE PARTNER COUNTRY DEFINED.—
In this section, the term ‘‘eligible partner
country’? means a country in which the Fund
for Global Health Security and Pandemic
Prevention and Preparedness to be estab-
lished under subsection (b) may finance glob-
al health security and pandemic prevention
and preparedness assistance programs under
this subtitle based on the country’s dem-
onstrated—

(1) need, as identified through the Joint
External Evaluation process, the Global
Health Security Index classification of
health systems, national action plans for
health security, the World Organization for
Animal Health’s Performance of Veterinary
Services evaluation, and other complemen-
tary or successor indicators of global health
security and pandemic prevention and pre-
paredness; and

(2) commitment to transparency, includ-
ing—

(A) budget and global health data trans-
parency;

(B) complying with the International
Health Regulations (2005);

(C) investing in domestic health systems;
and

(D) achieving measurable results.

(b) ESTABLISHMENT OF FUND FOR GLOBAL
HEALTH SECURITY AND PANDEMIC PREVENTION
AND PREPAREDNESS.—

(1) NEGOTIATIONS FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF
FUND FOR GLOBAL HEALTH SECURITY AND PAN-
DEMIC PREVENTION AND PREPAREDNESS.—The
Secretary of State, in coordination with the
USAID Administrator, the Secretary of
Health and Human Services, and the heads of
other relevant Federal departments and
agencies, aS necessary and appropriate,
should seek to enter into negotiations with
donors, relevant United Nations agencies, in-
cluding the World Health Organization, and
other key multilateral stakeholders, to es-
tablish—

===== PAGE 106 =====
{"alpha_words": 1258, "chars": 8914, "method": "ocr", "page": 106, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(A) a
multilateral,
catalytic
financing
mechanism for global health
pandemic
prevention
and
security and
preparedness,
which may be known as the Fund for Global
Health
Security and
Pandemic Prevention
and Preparedness (referred to in this section
as "the Fund"'), to address the need for and
secure durable financing in accordance with
the provisions of this subsection; and
(B) an Advisory Board to the Fund in ac-
cordance with subsection (e).
(2) PURPOSES.—The purposes of the Fund
should be
(A) to close critical gaps in global health
security and pandemic prevention and pre-
paredness; and
(B) to work with, and build the capacity of,
eligible partner countries in
the areas of
global
health
security,
infectious
disease
control, and pandemic prevention and pre-
paredness, in a manner that-
(i) prioritizes capacity building and financ-
ing availability in eligible partner countries;
il) incentivizes countries to prioritize th
se of domestic resources for global healt.
security and pandemic prevention and pre-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
activities, and with the United States and
other nations leading outbreak prevention,
preparedness, and response activities in part-
ner countries, as appropriate.
(C)
COMPOSITION.-The
Executive Board
should include-
(i) representatives of the governments of
founding member countries who, in addition
to the requirements under subparagraph (A),
qualify based upon meeting an
established
initial contribution threshold, which should
be not less
than 10 percent of total initial
contributions, and a demonstrated commit-
ment to supporting the International Health
Regulations (2005);
(ii) a geographically diverse group of mem-
bers who-
(I) come from
donor
countries,
eligible
partner
countries,
academic
institutions,
independent civil society,
including indige-
nous organizations, and the private sector;
and
(Il) are selected on the basis of their expe-
rience and commitment to innovation,
best
practices,
and the advancement of global
health security objectives;
(iii) representatives of the World Health
Organization; and
(iv) the chair of the Global Health Security
ment, and private sector investments;
(iv) regularly responds to
progress based on clear metrics and bench-
marks, such as the Joint External Evalua-
tion and the Global Health Security Index;
(v) aligns with and complements ongoing
bilateral and multilateral efforts and financ-
ing, including through the World Bank, the
World Health Organization, the Global Fund
to Fight AIDS,
Tuberculosis, and Malaria,
the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness and
Innovation, and Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance;
(vi) helps countries accelerate and achieve
with the International Health
Regulations (2005) and the fulfillment of the
Global Health Security Agenda 2024 Frame-
work not later than 5 years after the date on
which the Fund is established,
tion with the ongoing Joint External Eval-
uation national action planning process.
(3) EXECUTIVE BOARD.—
(A) IN GENERAL.-
-The Fund should be gov-
erned by a transparent and accountable body
(referred to in this section as the 'Executive
Board"), which should-
(i) function as a partnership
with, and
through full engagement by,
donor govern-
ments, eligible partner countries, and inde-
pendent civil society; and
(il) be composed of not more than 20 rep-
resentatives
of
governments,
foundations,
academic institutions,
independent civil so-
ciety, indigenous people, vulnerable commu-
nities, frontline health workers, and the pri-
vate sector with demonstrated commitment
to carrying out the purposes of the Fund and
and
requirements.
(B) DUTIES.—The Executive Board should—
operations, and grant making authorities in
order to conduct effective fiduciary, moni-
(D) CONTRIBUTIONS.—Hach government
private sector entity represented on the Ex-
ecutive Board should agree
contributions to the Fund in an amount not
less than the minimum determined by
(E) QUALIFICATIONS.—Individuals appointed
onstrated knowledge and experience across a
variety of sectors, including human and ani-
fense, finance, research, and academia.
(F) CONFLICTS OF INTEREST.—
Board may include independent technical ex-
perts who are not affiliated with, or em-
ployed by, a recipient country or organiza-
(ii) MULTILATERAL BODIES AND INSTITU-
TIONS.—Executive Board members appointed
pursuant to subparagraph (C)(iii) should be
required to recuse themselves from matters
presenting conflicts of interest, including fi-
nancing decisions relating to such bodies and
institutions.
(G) UNITED STATES REPRESENTATION,
(i) FOUNDING MEMBER.—The Secretary of
State should seek-
(I) to establish
the United States as a
founding member of the Fund; and
(II) to ensure that the United States is rep-
resented on the Executive Board by an offi-
cer or employee of the United States, who
shall be appointed by the President.
(ii) EFFECTIVE AND TERMINATION DATES.—
(I) EFFECTIVE
DATE.—This
subparagraph
shall take effect upon the date on which the
Secretary of State certifies and submits to
S7913
acting
through the Executive Board,
should-
(i) develop grant making requirements to
be administered by an independent technical
review panel
comprised of entities
barred
from applying for funding or support;
(ii)
provide
grants,
including
challenge
grants,
technical
assistance,
concessional
lending,
catalytic investment funds,
and
other innovative funding mechanisms, in co-
ordination with ongoing bilateral and multi-
lateral efforts, as appropriate
(I) to help eligible partner countries close
critical gaps in health security, as identified
through the Joint External Evaluation proc-
ess, the Global Health Security Index classi-
fication of health systems, and national ac-
tion plans for health security and other com-
plementary or successor indicators of global
health security and pandemic prevention and
preparedness; and
(II) to support measures that enable such
countries,
at
the national and subnational
levels,
and in partnership with civil society
and the private sector, to strengthen and
sustain resilient health systems and supply
chains with the resources, capacity, and per-
sonnel required to prevent, detect, mitigate,
and respond to infectious disease threats, in-
pathogens, before they become pandemics;
(iii) leverage the expertise,
and resources of proven, existing agencies
and organizations to effectively target and
through alignment with, and co-financing of,
and consistent with subparagraph (C); and
(iV) develop recommendations for a mecha-
nism for assisting countries that are at high
pathogens with pandemic potential to par-
ticipate in the Global Health Security Agen-
da and the Joint External Evaluations.
to be supported by the Fund should include
(i) to enable eligible partner countries to
formulate and implement national health se-
curity
and
pandemic
prevention
and pre-
paredness action plans, advance action pack-
ages under the Global Health Security Agen-
da,
and
adopt
and
uphold
commitments
under the International Health Regulations
(2005) and other related international health
agreements
and
arrangements,
as
appro-
priate;
(ii) to support health security budget plan-
ning in eligible partner countries, including
training
in
public
financial
management,
budget and health data transparency, human
resource
information
systems,
and
inte-
grated
and transparent budget
and health
data;
(iii) to strengthen the health workforce,
including hiring, training, and deploying ex-
perts and other essential
frontline prevention of, and monitoring and
preparedness for,
unknown, new,
(ii) determine operational procedures such
that the Fund is able to effectively fulfill its
(iii) provide oversight and accountability
for the Fund in collaboration
spector General to be established pursuant
(iv) develop and utilize a mechanism to ob-
tain formal input from eligible partner coun-
tries, independent civil society, and imple-
menting entities relative to program design,
lessons learned; and
(v) coordinate and align with other multi-
established pursuant to clause (1) shall ter-
minate upon the date of termination of the
REMOVAL PROCEDURES.—The
should establish procedures for the removal
of members of the Executive Board who-
(i) engage in a consistent pattern of human
(ii) fail to uphold global health data trans-
standards of the Fund. including in relation
and manage additional staff
(iv) to improve the quality of community
health worker programs as the foundation of
pandemic preparedness and response through
application of appropriate assessment tools;
control, the protection of healthcare work-
ers, including
community health
and access to water and sanitation within
(vi) to combat the threat of antimicrobial
(1) PROGRAM OBJECTIVES.
(A) IN GENERAL.—In carrying out the pur-
(vii) to strengthen laboratory capacity and
pose set forth in subsection (b), the Fund, promote biosafety and biosecurity through

===== PAGE 107 =====
{"alpha_words": 1124, "chars": 7899, "method": "ocr", "page": 107, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the provision of material and technical as-
(viii) to reduce the risk of bioterrorism,
the emergence, reemergence,
or spread of
zoonotic disease (whether through
wildlife for human consumption,
means), and accidental biological release;
(ix) to build technical capacity to manage,
as appropriate, supply chains for applicable
global health commodities through effective
forecasting, procurement, warehousing, and
delivery from central warehouses to points
of service in both the public and private sec-
(x) to enable bilateral, regional, and inter-
national partnerships and cooperation, in-
cluding through pandemic early warning sys-
tems and emergency operations centers,
identify and address transnational infectious
disease threats exacerbated by natural and
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(i) governments, independent civil society,
and academic institutions,
and private sec-
tor entities in eligible partner countries;
and international emergency operations cen-
ters to be established under subsections (j)
(iii) the World Health Organization;
(iv) the Global Health Security Agenda;
(v) the Global Health Security Initiative;
(vi) the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuber-
(vii) the United Nations Office for the Co-
November 4, 2021
from certain decision-making and
administrative processes, and representation
by an alternate board member; and
(C) seek agreement on the criteria that
and activities that should be assisted by the
(xi) to establish partnerships for the shar-
ing of best practices and enabling eligible
under the Joint External Evaluation process,
the Global Health Security Index classifica-
tion of health systems, and national action
plans for health security relating to the pre-
glected tropical diseases;
(xii) to build the capacity of eligible part-
ner countries to prepare for and respond to
second order development impacts of infec-
tious disease outbreaks and maintain essen-
tial health services, while accounting for the
needs and vulnerabilities of
marginalized populations, including women
(xiii) to develop and utilize metrics to
programmatic per-
formance and identify best practices, includ-
ing in accordance with Joint External Eval-
Agenda targets, and Global Health Security
Index indicators;
(xiv) to develop and deploy mechanisms to
grams, and specialized agencies of the United
(viii) Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance;
(ix) the Coalition for Epidemic Prepared-
ness Innovations (CEPI);
The World Organisation for Animal
(xi) The United Nations Environment Pro-
(xii) Food and Agriculture Organization;
(xiii) the Global Polio Eradication Initia-
PRIORITY.-In
under this section, the Fund should give pri-
ority to low-and lower middle income coun-
(A) low scores on the Global Health Secu-
rity Index classification of health systems;
(B) measurable gaps in global health secu-
rity and pandemic prevention and prepared-
ness identified under Joint External Evalua-
tions and national action plans for health se-
RECIPIENTS.—The Executive
(A) eligible partner country selection cri-
to include transparent metrics to
pandemic prevention and preparedness
strengths and
vulnerabilities in
(B) minimum standards for ensuring eligi-
ble partner country ownership and commit-
ment to long-term results, including require-
ments for domestic budgeting, resource mo-
bilization, and co-investment;
(C) criteria for the selection of projects to
receive support from the Fund;
(D) standards and criteria regarding quali-
fications of recipients of such support;
(E) such rules and procedures as may be
necessary for cost-effective management of
(F) such rules and procedures as may be
necessary to ensure
transparency and ac-
countability in the grant-making process.
COUNTABILITY REQUIREMENTS.—
(A) INSPECTOR GENERAL.
shall seek to ensure that the Inspector Gen-
eral appointed pursuant to paragraph (1)—
(I) is fully enabled to operate independ-
(II) is supported by and with the requisite
resources and capacity to regularly conduct
and publish, on a publicly accessible website,
commitment to pandemic prevention
(D) demonstrated commitment to uphold-
ing global health
parency and accountability standards, com-
plying with the International Health Regula-
tions (2005), investing in domestic health sys-
tems, and achieving measurable results.
ments and nongovernmental organizations
should be eligible to receive
Fund and its grantees; and
health security and pandemic prevention and
preparedness programs and data, in compli-
ance with the International Health Regula-
tions (2005), including through the sharing of
trends, risks, and lessons learned;
bodies, including by women and frontline
(xvi) to develop and implement simulation
exercises, produce and release after action
reports, and address related gaps;
(xvii) to support countries in conducting
Joint External Evaluations;
(xviii) to improve disease surveillance ca-
pacity in partner counties, including at the
community level, such that those countries
known and unknown pathogens and zoonotic
infectious diseases; and
(xix) to support governments through co-
ordinated and prioritized assistance
to prevent the emergence, reemergence, or
spread of zoonotic diseases caused by defor-
human consumption, climate-related events,
livestock, and people.
(C) IMPLEMENTATION OF PROGRAM OBJEC-
TIVES.—In carrying out the objectives under
subparagraph (A), the Fund should work to
eliminate duplication and waste by uphold-
standards and coordinating its programs and
activities with key partners working to ad-
vance global health security and pandemic
prevention and preparedness, including-
(1) APPOINTMENTS.—The Executive Board
should appoint
sponsible for managing the day-to-day oper-
ations of the Fund; and
(B) an independent Inspector General, who
should be responsible for monitoring grants
guarding against conflicts of interests.
(2) AUTHORITY TO ACCEPT AND SOLICIT CON-
TRIBUTIONS.—The Fund should be authorized
to solicit and accept contributions from gov-
individuals, and nongovernmental entities.
EST; CRITERIA FOR PROGRAMS.—As part of the
negotiations described in subsection (b)(1),
the Secretary of the State, consistent with
(A) take such actions as are necessary to
ensure that the Fund will have in effect ade-
for and monitor the use of funds contributed
to the Fund,
including the cost of admin-
istering the Fund;
there is agreement to put in
place a conflict of interest policy to ensure
fairness and a high standard of ethical con-
the Fund's decision-making proc-
(aa) develops an oversight mechanism to
ensure that grant funds are not diverted to
illicit or corrupt purposes or activities; and
(bb) submits an annual report to the Exec-
utive Board describing its activities, inves-
tigations, and results.
(ii) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CORRUPTION.—It
is the sense of Congress that-
grams contribute directly to the loss of
human life and cannot be tolerated; and
(II) in making financial recoveries relating
to a corrupt act or criminal conduct under a
grant, as determined by the Inspector Gen-
eral, the responsible grant recipient should
be assessed at a recovery rate of up to 150
(B) ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES.—The Sec-
retary of State shall seek to ensure the Fund
makes publicly
available a system to track the administra-
tive and management costs of the Fund on a
measures to address any conflicts,
potential divestments of interests, prohibi-
shall ensure that the
Fund establishes, maintains, and makes pub-
licly available a system to track the amount
of funds disbursed to each grant
and sub-recipient during a grant's
(D) EXEMPTION FROM DUTIES AND TAXES.—
The Secretary should ensure that the Fund
adopts rules
agreement by the relevant national authori-
ties in an eligible partner country to exempt
from duties and taxes all products financed
by such grants,
including procurements by
any principal or sub-recipient for the pur-
pose of carrying out such grants.

===== PAGE 108 =====
{"alpha_words": 1322, "chars": 8612, "method": "ocr", "page": 108, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(1) IN GENERAL.—There should be an Advi- programs, projects, and activities supported
sory Board to the Fund.
by
the Fund, as
described in subsection
(2)
APPOINTMENTS.—The members of the
(C)(1).
Advisory Board should be composed of-
(g) UNITED STATES CONTRIBUTIONS.—
(A) a geographically diverse group of indi-
(1) IN GENERAL.—
-Subject to submission of
includes representation from
the certification under this subsection,
low- and middle-income countries;
President is authorized to make available for
(B) individuals with experience and leader-
of development,
epidemiology, medicine, biomedical
research, and social sciences; and
(C) representatives of relevant United Na-
tions agencies, including the World Health
and nongovernmental organi-
such funds as may be appropriated or other-
wise made available for such purpose.
(2) NOTIFICATION.—The Secretary of State
shall notiiy the appropriate congressional
committees not later
vance of making a contribution to the Fund,
zations with on-the ground experience in im-
plementing global health programs in low
(A) the amount of the proposed contribu-
and lower-middle income countries.
(3) RESPONSIBILITIES.—The Advisory Board
(B) the total of funds contributed by other
should provide advice and guidance
Executive Board of the Fund on the develop-
ment and implementation of programs and
(C) the national interests served by United
States participation in the Fund.
projects to be assisted by the Fund and on
leveraging donations to the Fund.
(4) PROHIBITION ON PAYMENT OF COMPENSA-
penses (including per diem in lieu of subsist-
should receive compensation for services per-
formed as a member of the Board.
UNITED STATES REPRESENTATIVE.—Not-
withstanding any other provision of law (in-
cluding an international agreement), a rep-
resentative of the United States on the Advi-
sory Board may not accept compensation for
Board, except that such representative may
accept travel expenses, including per diem in
lieu of subsistence, while away from the rep-
resentative's home or regular place of busi-
ness in the performance of services for the
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST.—Members of
the Advisory Board should be required to dis-
close any potential conflicts of interest prior
to serving on the Advisory Board and, in the
themselves from such matters during their
service on the Advisory Board.
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination
heads of other relevant Federal departments
and agencies, shall submit a report to the ap-
propriate congressional committees that de-
scribes the progress of international negotia-
tions to establish the Fund.
after the date of the establishment of the
Fund, and annually thereafter for the dura-
tion of the Fund, the Secretary of State,
shall submit a report to the appropriate con-
gressional committees regarding the admin-
istration of the Fund.
(i) the goals of the Fund;
(ii) the programs, projects, and activities
beginning on the date of the enactment of
this Act, a United States contribution to the
Fund may not cause the cumulative total of
United States contributions to the Fund to
exceed 33 percent of the total contributions
to the Fund from all sources.
(A) SUPPORT FOR ACTS OF INTERNATIONAL
TERRORISM.—If the Secretary of State deter-
mines that the Fund has provided assistance
the government of which the
Secretary of State has determined, for pur-
poses of section 620A of the Foreign Assist-
ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371) has repeat-
national terrorism, the United States shall
withhold from its contribution to the Fund
for the next fiscal year an amount equal to
government of such country.
EXCESSIVE SALARIES.
-During the 5-
year period beginning on the date of the en-
actment of this Act, if the Secretary of State
determines that the salary of any individual
employed by the Fund exceeds the salary of
the Vice President of the United States for
withhold from its contribution for the next
fiscal year an amount equal to the aggregate
amount by which the salary of each such in-
dividual exceeds the salary of the Vice Presi-
dent of the United States.
(C) ACCOUNTABILITY CERTIFICATION REQUIRE-
MENT.—The Secretary of State may withhold
not more than 20 percent of planned United
States contributions to the Fund until the
Secretary certifies to the appropriate con-
gressional committees that the Fund has es-
tablished procedures to provide access by the
Office of Inspector General of the Depart-
ment of State, as cognizant Inspector Gen-
eral, the Inspector General of the Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services, the In-
spector General of USAID, and the Comp-
troller General of the United States to
Fund's financial data and other information
relevant to United
States contributions to
the Fund (as determined by the Inspector
General of the Department of State, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of State).
S7915
of the
assistance
authorized to be appro-
priated
under this subtitle may be made
available to the Government of the People's
Republic of China or to any entity owned or
controlled by
the
Government of the Peo-
SA 4397. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the
SEC. 1054. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON
ACTUAL COST OF CERTAIN NET AS-
SESSMENTS CONDUCTED BY THE OF-
Not later than 180 days after the date of
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller
General of the United States shall submit to
the congressional defense committees a re-
port setting forth the results of an analysis
of the actual cost of performance of net as-
sessments conducted by the Office of Net As-
sessment of standing trends and future pros-
pects of United States military capabilities
and national potential in comparison with
those of other countries or groups of coun-
tries so as to identify emerging or future
or opportunities for the United
(iv) the criteria utilized to determine the
programs and activities that should be as-
sisted by the Fund, including baselines, tar-
gets, desired outcomes,
2016.—Section 2(3) of the Foreign Aid Trans-
parencv and Accountability Act of 2016 (Pub-
Law 114-191; 22 U.S.C. 2394c note) is
(1) in subparagraph (D), by striking "and"
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
GAO REPORT ON
EFFECTIVENESS.—Not
later than 2 years after the date on which
riod at the end and inserting "; and"; and
(3) by adding at the end the following:
'(F) the International Pandemic Prepared-
General of the United States shall submit a
ness and COVID-19 Response Act of 2021.''
report to the appropriate congressional com-
mittees that evaluates the effectiveness of FOREIGN ASSISTANCE FOR THE GOVERNMENT
the Fund, including the effectiveness of the
OF THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA.—None
SA 4398. Mr. COTTON submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add
SEC. 1253. AUSTRALIA-UNITED STATES LEGISLA-
(a) FINDINGS.—Congress finds the fol-
(1) The People's Republic of China
tinues to assert its regional ambitions in the
Indo-Pacific region.
(2) The ideological aims driving the Chi-
nese Communist Party's foreign policy runs
counter to aims of democracies such as the
United States and its allies.
(3) Australia has been one of the United
State's staunchest allies for
years. This 'Mateship" began with the visit
of the American Great White Fleet to Syd-
ney Harbor in 1908. The budding relationship
was soon sealed through American and Aus-
tralian troops fighting and dying together in
(4) Since the World War I, Australians and
(A) have supported each
major military conflict in which the United
(B) have mutually supported each another
in intelligence-sharing.
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of

===== PAGE 109 =====
{"alpha_words": 1211, "chars": 8308, "method": "ocr", "page": 109, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(1) the United States must
build and maintain strong relationships with
allies and partners in the Indo-Pacific region
to successfully compete with the People's
(2) the Australia-United States relation-
ship will continue to be vital throughout the
21st century and beyond to compete with and
(3) as the Australia-United States alliance
evolves, it is vital to ensure that emerging
leaders in both countries develop a deep un-
derstanding of their ally's view of the world;
(4) exchange programs between key legisla-
and Australian Parliament will further bind
(C) ESTABLISHMENT.
(1) IN GENERAL.-
-The Majority Leader of
the Senate, the Minority Leader of the Sen-
ate, the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives, and the Minority Leader of the House
of Representatives, working through a des-
ignated nonprofit, such as a think tank, a
foundation, or another suitable organization
contracted by the Department of Defense
competitive award process, shall work with
the leaders of the Australian Parliament to
establish the Australia-United States Legis-
lative Exchange Program (referred to in this
section as the "Program").
(2) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the Program
shall be to coordinate annual 1 to 2 week leg-
between United
congressional staff and the Australian par-
liamentary staff that focus on national secu-
rity, foreign policy, and other issues of mu-
tual interest between the 2 countries.
(A) CONGRESSIONAL STAFF.—In carrying out
the congressional leaders re-
ferred to in paragraph (1), in consultation
with the head of the nonprofit designated
pursuant to paragraph (1), shall jointly se-
lect a bipartisan, bicameral group of con-
gressional staff for each exchange described
(B) PARLIAMENTARY STAFF.—It is the sense
of Congress that leaders in the Australian
Parliament will select a politically balanced
group of Australian parliamentary staff who
will participate in each exchange described
-The exchanges described in
paragraph (2) shall take place primarily in
Washington, D.C. and Canberra,
but may include opportunities for stati-
(A) to engage in cultural immersion activi-
(B) to tour other key regions in each coun-
try in accordance with the purposes of the
(5) PROGRAM ACTIVITIES.—Program partici-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(7) ALUMNI NETWORK.—The head of the non-
profit designated pursuant to paragraph (1)
shall establish an alumni network program,
in cooperation with a representative of the
Australian Parliament, that brings together
events or programs that provide for further
exchanges and lasting relationships between
policymakers and leaders in both countries.
SA 4399. Mr. COTTON submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title XIV, add the following:
Subtitle D-Extraction and Processing of
Defense Minerals in the United States
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Restor-
ing Essential Energy and Security Holdings
Onshore for Rare Earths Act of 2021" or the
November 4, 2021
Secretary of Defense shall jointly submit to
the appropriate congressional committees a
(A) the strategic requirements
United States regarding stockpiles of defense
minerals and defense mineral products; and
(B) the requirements for
such metals and
products to support
one year in the event of a supply disruption.
(2) CONSIDERATIONS.—In developing the re-
port required by paragraph (1), the Secretary
of the Interior and the Secretary of Defense
the Armed Forces of the United States, the
defense industrial and technology
and any places, organizations, physical infra-
ignated as critical to the national security of
(d) REASSESSMENT OF REQUIREMENTS.-
Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary
(1) jointly and continually
strategic requirements described
graph (1) of subsection (c) and the consider-
ations described in paragraph (2) of that sub-
(2) not less trequently than annually, sub-
mit to the appropriate congressional com-
mittees a report-
(A) on that reassessment; and
any activities relating to
the establishment or use of a strategic de-
fense minerals and defense mineral products
reserve during the preceding year.
(1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
"appropriate congressional
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-
mittee on Energy
and Natural Resources,
and the Select Committee on Intelligence of
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the
Committee on Foreign
mittee on Natural Resources,
manent Select Committee on Intelligence of
the House of Representatives.
(2) DEFENSE MINERAL.—The term "defense
"critical mineral" in section 7002(a) of the
Energy Act of 2020 (division Z of Public Law
(3) DEFENSE MINERAL PRODUCT.—The term
"defense mineral product"
(A) formed or comprised of, or manufac-
tured from, one or more defense minerals;
(B) used in military defense technologies
or other related applications.
SEC. 1433. REPORT ON ESTABLISHMENT OF STRA-
TEGIC DEFENSE MINERAL AND DE-
(A) meet with senior executive and legisla-
and nonprofit advocacy groups; and
courses covering the politics and foreign pol-
icy issues in such country with the intent to
foster a deeper understanding of the political
environment in which their counterparts op-
CONSULTATION.—In managing the Pro-
gram on behalf of the congressional leaders
referred to in paragraph (1), the head of the
nonprofit designated pursuant to paragraph
(1) shall consult with,
ance from, senior staff of the Committee on
mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate,
on Armed Services of the
Representatives,
mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of
-Congress finds that the stor-
age of substantial quantities of defense min-
erals and defense mineral products will—
(1) diminish the vulnerability of the United
States to the effects of a severe supply chain
short-term consequences of an interruption
in supplies of defense mineral products.
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that, in procuring defense minerals
and defense mineral products, the Secretary
of Defense should prioritize procurement of
defense minerals and defense mineral
ucts from sources in the United States, in-
cluding that are mined, produced, separated,
and manufactured within the United States.
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of the Interior, acting through
the United States Geologic Survey, and the
CONTRACTORS OF DEPARTMENT OF
Not later than December 31, 2021, and an-
nually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense,
Commerce, the Secretary of State, and the
Secretary of the Interior, shall submit to the
appropriate congressional committees a re-
port that includes
(1) a disclosure, provided by a contractor
to the Department of Defense, of any system
with a defense mineral product that is a per-
manent magnet, including an identification
of the country or countries in which-
(A) the defense minerals used in the mag-
(B) such defense minerals were refined into
(C) such defense minerals were made into
metals and alloys; and
(D) the magnet was sintered or bonded and
(2) if a contractor cannot make the disclo-
sure described in paragraph (1) with respect
to a magnet, an assessment of the effect of
requiring the contractor to establish and im-
plement an independently verifiable supply
chain tracking system in order to provide
that disclosure not later than 180 days after
providing the magnet to the Department of
(3) an assessment of the extent of reliance
States on foreign countries,
and especially countries that are not allies
of the United States, for defense minerals;
(4) a determination with respect to which
systems are of the greatest concern for inter-
ruptions of defense minerals supply chains;
(5) any suggestions for legislation or fund-
ing that would mitigate supply chain secu-
SEC. 1435. PRODUCTION IN AND USES OF DE-
STATES ALLIES.
(a) POLICY.-It shall be the policy of the
are allies of the United States to eliminate
their dependence on non-allied countries for
defense minerals to the maximum

===== PAGE 110 =====
{"alpha_words": 1170, "chars": 7973, "method": "ocr", "page": 110, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than De-
national human rights standards, including biannually thereafter for a period of 4 years,
cember 31, 2022, and annually thereafter, the
making requests to harass or persecute polit-
the Attorney General and the Secretary of
Secretary of Defense,
coordination with
ical opponents, human rights defenders, or
the Secretary of State, shall submit to the
other relevant United States Government de-
appropriate congressional committees a re-
(d) SUPPORT FOR INTERPOL INSTITUTIONAL
General and the
(1) describing in detail the discussions of
such Secretaries with countries that are al-
lies of the United States concerning supply
chain security for defense minerals;
(2) assessing the likelihood of those coun-
tries discontinuing the use of defense min-
erals from the People's Republic of China or
other countries that such Secretaries deem
(1) use the voice, vote, and influence of the
INTERPOL's General Assembly and Execu-
tive Committee to promote reforms aimed at
and ensuring its operation consistent with
its Constitution, particularly articles 2 and
the Processing of Data, in-
(3) assessing initiatives in other countries
to increase defense mineral mining and pro-
duction capabilities.
SA 4400. Mr. WICKER (for himself,
Mr. CARDIN, and Mr. MENENDEZ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
(A) supporting INTERPOL's reforms en-
and other INTERPOL commu-
(A) A list of countries that the Attorney
General and the Secretary determine have
repeatedly abused and misused the red notice
and red diffusion mechanisms for political
INTERPOL's Constitution and Rules on the
Processing of Data (RPD);
(B) A description of the most common tac-
tics employed by member countries in con-
INTERPOL's coordination with the Commis-
sion for Control of INTERPOL's Files (CCF)
in cases in which INTERPOL or the CCF has
determined that a member country issued a
Notice, Diffusion, or other INTERPOL com-
munication against an individual in viola-
tion of articles 2 or 3 of the INTERPOL Con-
stitution, or the RPD, to prohibit such mem-
ber country from seeking the publication or
most commonly alleged and the INTERPOL
communications most commonly exploited.
INTERPOL mechanisms for challenging abu-
sive requests, including the Commission for
the Control of INTERPOL's Files (CCF), an
assessment of the CCF's March 2017 Oper-
ating Rules, and any shortcoming the United
States believes should be addressed.
(D) A description of how INTERPOL's Gen-
which was ordered to lie on the table;
or other INTERPOL communication
against the same individual based
eral Secretariat identifies requests for red
notice or red diffusions that are politically
motivated or are otherwise in
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add
(C) increasing, to the extent practicable,
INTERPOL's rules and how INTERPOL re-
dedicated funding to the CCF and the No-
views and addresses cases in which a member
tices and Diffusions Task Force in order to
COUNTABILITY AND PREVENTION.
country has abused or misused the red notice
further expand operations related to the re-
and red diffusion mechanisms for overtly po-
may be view of requests for red notices and red diffu-
cited as the 'Transnational Repression Ac-
and Prevention Act of 2021" or
as the 'TRAP Act of 2021'.
FINDINGS.—Congress
makes the fol- the Presidency, Executive Committee, Gen-
eral Secretariat, and CCF who have dem-
(1) The International Criminal Police Or-
onstrated experience relating to and respect
ganization (INTERPOL) works
for the rule of law;
and fight crime through enhanced coopera-
(E) seeking to require INTERPOL in its an-
(E) A description of any incidents in which
Department of Justice assesses that
United States courts and executive depart-
ments or agencies have relied on INTERPOL
communications in contravention of existing
law or policy to seek the detention of indi-
viduals or render judgments concerning their
immigration status or requests for asylum,
tion and innovation on police and security
matters, including kleptocracy, counterter-
disaggregated by member country or entity
against torture claims and any measures the
Department of Justice or other executive de-
transnational organized crime.
partments or agencies took in response to
(2) United States membership and partici-
disaggregated by color, that it received;
pation in INTERPOL advances the national
and law enforcement interests
(F) A description of how the United States
monitors and responds to likely instances of
the United States related
disaggregated by color, that it rejected;
(iii) the category of violation identified in
each instance of a rejected Notice;
cotics, and transnational organized crime.
(iv) the number of Diffusions that it can-
(3) Article 2 of INTERPOL's Constitution
celled without reference to decisions by the
states that the organization aims "[to] en-
sure and promote the widest possible mutual
(v) the sources of all INTERPOL income
during the reporting period; and
•.. in the spirit of the 'Universal
Declaration of Human Rights'"
(F) supporting greater transparency by the
CCF in its annual report by providing a de-
(4) Article 3 of INTERPOL's Constitution
states that '[ilt is strictly forbidden for the
Organization to undertake any intervention
of a political, military, reli-
(i) the number of admissible requests for
correction or deletion of data received by the
gious or racial character".
provide INTERPOL
with a foundation
and avoidance of politically
motivated actions by the organization and
and other INTERPOL communications; and
(ii) the category of violation alleged
(2) inform the INTERPOL General Secre-
(6) According to the Justice Manual of the
countries abuse INTERPOL communications
the United States, national law prohibits the
arrest of the subject of a Red Notice issued
by another INTERPOL member country,
based upon the notice alone"
(C) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
purposes so that, as appropriate, action can
be taken by INTERPOL; and
(3) request to censure member countries
mechanisms, including restricting the access
of those countries to INTERPOL's data and
and processes,
Diffusion mechanisms,
(e) REPORT ON INTERPOL.—
for activities of an overtly political or other
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
unlawful character and in violation of inter-
after the date of enactment of this Act, and
appropriate committees of Congress a report
containing an assessment of how INTERPOL
member countries abuse INTERPOL Red No-
tices, Diffusions, and other INTERPOL com-
munications for political motives and other
purposes within
the past three
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required under
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-
member countries that could affect the in-
terests of the United States, including citi-
zens and nationals of the United States, em-
aliens lawfully admitted for permanent resi-
dence in the United States, aliens who are
aliens with pending asylum, withholding of
be unlawfully
present in the United States.
United States takes in response to credible
concerning likely
abuse of INTERPOL communications
geting employees of the United States Gov-
ernment for activities they undertook in an
official capacity.
(H) A description of United States advo-
cacy for reform and good governance within
(I) A strategy for improving interagency
stances of INTERPOL abuse that affect the
of the United
international respect for human rights and
fundamental freedoms, citizens and nation-
als of the United States, employees of the
United States Government,
aliens lawfully
admitted for permanent residence in

===== PAGE 111 =====
{"alpha_words": 1179, "chars": 7755, "method": "ocr", "page": 111, "variant": "plain-vision"}
present in the United States, or aliens with
pending asylum, withholding of removal, or
convention against torture claims,
they may be
unlawfully present
(3) FORM OF REPORT.—Each report required
under this subsection shall be submitted in
unclassified form, but may include a classi-
as appropriate. The unclassified
portion of the report shall be posted on a
publicly available website of the Department
of State and of the Department of Justice.
-Not later than 30 days after
the submission of each report under para-
graph (1), the Department of Justice and the
Department of State, in coordination with
other relevant United States Government de-
partments and agencies, shall brief the ap-
propriate committees of Congress on
content of the reports and recent instances
of INTERPOL abuse by member countries
and United States
challenge such abuse, including efforts to
promote reform and good governance within
(f) PROHIBITION REGARDING BASIS FOR EX-
TRADITION.—No United States
department or agency may extradite an indi-
vidual based solely on an INTERPOL Red
INTERPOL member country for such indi-
(g) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
ship Program for wounded or disabled vet-
(C) FELLOWSHIPS.—Under the Program, an
eligible individual may serve a 24-month fel-
lowship in the office of a Senator.
and Administration of the Senate shall pro-
mulgate regulations for the administration
of the Program, including establishing the
(A) eligibility to participate in a fellowship
(B) a method of prioritizing the assignment
the Program,
if the amount made
available to carry out the Program for a fis-
cal year is not enough to provide fellowships
in all offices requesting to participate in the
Program for such fiscal year.
may serve in a fellowship under the Program
at the office of a Senator in the District of
Columbia or at a State office of the Senator.
geant at Arms may enter into an agreement
with the Chief Administrative Officer of the
House of Representatives for the joint oper-
Gold Star Family Fellowship Program estab-
lished under House Resolution 107, 116th Con-
gress, agreed to October 29,
Warrior Fellowship Program car-
ried out by the Chief Administrative Officer.
(e) EXCLUSION OF APPOINTEES FOR PUR-
POSES OF COMPENSATION LIMITS.—The com-
serving in a fellowship under the Program in
the office of a Senator shall not be included
in the determination of the aggregate gross
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations
and the Committee on the Judiciary of the
(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
the Committee on the Judiciary of the House
(2) INTERPOL COMMUNICATIONS.—The term
"INTERPOL communications"
INTERPOL Notice or Diffusion or any entry
into any INTERPOL database or other com-
Appropriation Act, 1968
SA 4402. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself
and Mr. TILLIS) submitted an
SA 4401. Mr. THUNE (for Mr. ROUNDS
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
(for himself, Ms. SINEMA, Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
Mr. CRAMER, Mr. Kelly, Mr. KINg, Mr.
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
ROSEN, Mr. PORTMAN, Mr.
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
Braun, and Mr. DAINES)) submitted an
tary activities of the Department of
amendment intended to be proposed to
Defense, for military construction, and
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
activities of the Depart-
REED and intended to be proposed to
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
personnel strengths
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
year, and for other purposes; which was
activities of the Department of ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
Defense, for military construction, and
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, ada
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
SEC. 1253. REPORT ON ABILITY OF DEPARTMENT
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
THE SOUTH AND EAST CHINA SEAS.
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the
MCCAIN-MANSFIELD FELLOWSHIP
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section—
(1) the term "eligible individual" means an
individual who meets the eligibility criteria
established under subsection (d)(1)(A);
(2) the term 'Program" means the McCain-
Mansfield Fellowship Program established
Arms" means
the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the
on the ability of the Department of Defense,
of hostilities
United States and the People's Republic of
China, to interdict or blockade civilian mer-
chant shipping vessels transiting the South
China Seas under the flag of the
ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later
and subject to the avail-
of appropriations,
the Sergeant at
Arms shall establish a fellowship program to
be known as the McCain-Mansfield Fellow-
-The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following:
(1) An assessment of each of the following:
(A) The number of such vessels that transit
the South and East China Seas annually.
(B) The annual percentage of trade by the
People's Republic of China that is conducted
through the South and East China Seas by
November 4, 2021
(C) The maritime choke points in
South and East China Seas that are most im-
portant to the People's Republic of China.
(D) The capacity and capability of the De-
(i) to execute a blockade of
around maritime choke points in the South
(ii) to otherwise interdict such vessels.
(E) The manner in which the granting or
rights by countries bordering the South and
East China Seas would affect the ability of
to interdict or blockade
(2) A description of any instance of Depart-
ment-funded wargames in which the United
States or the People's Republic of China ini-
lessons learned from any such instance and
the views of the game participants.
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified
form and include a classified annex.
SA 4403. Mr. LANKFORD submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add
SEC. 1264. CHINESE DEBT STUDY.
Not later than 60 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act,
annually thereafter, the Secretary of State,
State for Economic Affairs, shall direct each
United States embassy to prepare a report
Chinese equity and assets within
their respective countries of operation.
(b) CONTENTS.—Each report prepared pur-
suant to subsection (a) shall include, with re-
spect to the indebted country-
(1) an assessment of the country's overall
debt obligations to the People's Republic of
(2) a list of known infrastructure projects
that are financed from capital provided by—
(A) the banking system of the People's Re-
public of China, including-
(i) policy banks, including-
(I) the China Development Bank;
(II) the Export-Import Bank of China; and
(III) the Agricultural Development Bank of
(ii) commercial banks owned by the Gov-
ernment of the People's Republic of China,
(II) the Industrial and Commercial Bank of
(III) the Agricultural Bank of China;
(IV) the China Construction Bank; and
(V) the Bank of Communications Limited;
(iii) sovereign wealth funds, including—
(I) China Investment Corporation;
(II) China Life Insurance Company;
(III) China National Social Security Fund;
(iv) urban commercial banks; and
(v) rural financial institutions;
(B) international financing
(ii) the Asian Development Bank;
(iii) the Asian Infrastructure Investment

===== PAGE 112 =====
{"alpha_words": 1282, "chars": 8732, "method": "ocr", "page": 112, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(iv) the New Development Bank; and
(C) any other financial institution or enti-
ty the Secretary of State considers appro-
structure projects included in
scribed in paragraph (2) are projects under
the Belt and Road Initiative;
(4) any domestic vulnerabilities that the
debts referred to in paragraph (1) could exac-
erbate in such country;
(5) a list of collateral for debts incurred by
Belt and Road Initiative projects described
(6) a list of known assets in the country
that are owned by entities controlled by the
including telecommunications
(C) SUBMISSION; COMPILATION.-
Bach diplomatic post shall
designate at least 1 employee-
(A) to monitor the investments of the enti-
ties referred to in subsection (b)(2); and
(B) to compile the reports required under
subsection (a).
(2) SUBMISSION.—Not later
d'affaires of each embassy shall submit a re-
port containing the information described in
subsection (b)
State for Economic Growth.
(3) COMPILATION.—The Under Secretary of
State for Economic Growth shall annually
compile the information contained in the re-
ports submitted pursuant to paragraph (2) to
create a centralized database of information
about Chinese capital investments in the de-
veloping world.
(d) NOTIFICATIONS; ANNUAL REPORT.
(1) NOTIFICATIONS.—After the submission of
the
initial
(c)(2), the Under Secretary of State for Eco-
nomic Growth require
that the employees
designated under subsection (c)(1), under the
supervision of the ambassador or chargé d'af-
faires of the diplomatic post to which they
are assigned, to notify the Under Secretary
not later than 30 days after the date on
which the employee discovers that an entity
referred to in subsection (b)(2) has made a
new investment in an infrastructure project
in the country in which such diplomatic post
is located.
(2)
ANNUAL REPORT.—The
ambassador or
chargé d'affaires of each embassy shall sub-
mit a holistic
Secretary
of
annual report to
the
Under
State for
Economic Growth
that contains information about all invest-
ments in infrastructure projects made in the
country in which such embassy is located by
any entity referred to in
subsection (b)(2)
during the 1-year period immediately pre-
(e) USE OF INFORMATION.—The Under Sec-
retary of State for Economic Growth, in con-
sultation with the Under Secretary of State
for Political Affairs, shall utilize the infor-
mation in the database compiled pursuant to
subsection (C)(2) to provide guidance to the
leadership and staff of relevant embassies to
counter the influence of the People's Repub-
lic of China in the indebted countries.
SA 4404. Mr. KELLY submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for
such fiscal
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
year, and for other purposes; which was
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
tary activities of the Department
appropriate place, insert the fol-
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
• LAND TAKEN INTO TRUST FOR BEN-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) BLACKWATER TRADING POST LAND.—The
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title XVI, in-
means the approximately 55.3 acres of land
as depicted on the map that-
(A) is located in Pinal County, Arizona,
and bordered by Community land to the east,
west, and north and State Highway 87 to the
sert the following:
PILOT PROGRAM ON PUBLIC-PRI-
VATE PARTNERSHIPS WITH INTER-
NET ECOSYSTEM COMPANIES TO DE-
(B) is owned by the Community.
means the Gila River Indian Community of
-The term "map' means the map
entitled 'Results of Survey,
A Portion of the West ½ of Section 12, Town-
ship 5 South, Range 7 East, Gila and Salt
River Meridian, Pinal County, Arizona" and
(4) RESERVATION.—The term "Reservation"
means the land located within the exterior
boundaries of the reservation created under
sections 3 and 4 of the Act of February 28,
1859 (11 Stat. 401, chapter LXVI), and Execu-
tive orders of August 31, 1876, June 14, 1879,
May 5, 1882, November 15, 1883, July 31, 1911,
June 2, 1913, August 27,
1914, and July 19,
1915, and any other lands placed in trust for
the benefit of the Community.
means the Secretary of the Interior.
(b) LAND TAKEN INTO TRUST FOR BENEFIT
OF THE GILA RIVER INDIAN COMMUNITY.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall take
the Blackwater Trading Post Land into trust
for the benefit of the Community, after the
conveys to the Secretary all
title, and interest of the Community in and
to the Blackwater Trading Post Land;
(B) submits to the Secretary a request to
take the Blackwater Trading Post Land into
trust for the benefit of the Community;
(C) conducts a survey (to the satisfaction
of the Secretary) to determine the exact
Blackwater Trading Post Land, if the Sec-
retary determines a survey is necessary; and
(D) pays all costs of any survey conducted
under subparagraph (C).
(2) AVAILABILITY OF MAP.—Not later than
180 days after the Blackwater Trading Post
Land is taken into trust under paragraph (1),
the map shall be on file and available for
public inspection in the appropriate offices
of the Secretary.
(3) LANDS TAKEN INTO TRUST PART OF RES-
Blackwater Trading Post Land is taken into
trust under paragraph (1), the land shall be
treated as part of the Reservation
(4) GAMING.—Class II and class III gaming
under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25
U.S.C. 2701 et seq.) shall not be allowed at
any time on the land taken into trust under
CYBER OPERATIONS.
(a) PILOT REQUIRED.—Not later than one
year after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Secretary shall, acting through the
Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
with the Secretary of Defense and National
Cyber Director,
establish and commence
pilot program to assess the feasibility and
partnerships with internet ecosystem compa-
nies to facilitate, within the bounds of the
applicable provisions of law and companies'
terms of service, policies,
such companies to discover and disrupt use
frastructure of such companies by malicious
(b) PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS.-
(1) IN GENERAL.
subsection (a), the Secretary
shall seek to enter into one or more public-
private partnerships with internet ecosystem
companies to facilitate actions as described
in subsection (a).
(2) VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION.—(A) Partici-
pation by an internet ecosystem company in
a public-private partnership under the pilot
program shall be voluntary.
(B) Participation by an internet ecosystem
company in any activity under the pilot pro-
gram set forth in subsection (c), or otherwise
occurring under the pilot program, shall be
(C) No funds appropriated by any Act may
be used to direct, pressure, coerce, or other-
wise require that any internet ecosystem
company take any action on their platforms,
systems, services, and infrastructure as part
of this pilot program.
(C)
AUTHORIZED
ACTIVITIES.-In
estab-
lishing and conducting
the pilot program
under subsection (a), the Secretary may—
(1) provide assistance to a participating
company in developing effective know-your-
customer processes and requirements;
(2)
provide information,
analytics,
and
technical assistance to improve the ability
of participating companies to detect and pre-
vent illicit or suspicious procurement, pay-
creation on their
platforms, systems, services, or infrastruc-
(3) develop and socialize best practices for
the collection, retention, and sharing of data
by participating companies to support inter-
company discovery of mali-
cious cyber activity, investigations, and at-
tribution on their own platforms, systems,
(4) provide actionable, timely, and relevant
such as information about ongoing
after the date of enactment of this Act, the
the full metes-and-
bounds description of the Blackwater Trad-
ing Post Land to be published in the Federal
Register. The description shall, on publica-
tion, constitute the official description of
the Blackwater Trading Post Land.
SA 4405. Mr. PETERS submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
promise, to enable such companies to detect
and disrupt the use of their platforms, sys-
tems, services, and infrastructure by mali-
(5) provide recommendations for (but not
tain) operational workflows, assessment and

===== PAGE 113 =====
{"alpha_words": 1162, "chars": 8063, "method": "ocr", "page": 113, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7920
compliance practices, and training that par-
ticipating internet ecosystem companies can
institute within their companies to reliably
detect and disrupt the use of their platforms,
(6) provide recommendations for
operational workflows to operate at line-rate
in order to enable real-time mitigation with-
out the need for manual review or action;
(7) provide recommendations for (but not
tain) technical capabilities to enable partici-
pating internet ecosystem companies to col-
lect and analyze data on malicious activities
occurring on their platforms, systems, serv-
ices, and infrastructure to detect and disrupt
operations of malicious cyber actors; and
(8) provide recommendations regarding rel-
ered malicious cyber activity and thresholds
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
(1) The Joint Cyber Defense Collaborative the date that is five years after the date of
of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-
curity Agency.
(2) The Cybersecurity Collaboration Center
(1) DEFINITIONS.-
-In this section:
(1) The term "appropriate committees of
(i) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION.—
(1) LIMITATION ON GOVERNMENT ACCESS TO
DATA.—Nothing in this section authorizes
sharing of information,
including informa-
customers of internet eco-
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental
mittee on Armed Services of the Senate; and
(B) the Committee on Homeland Security
and the Committee on Armed Services of the
House of Representatives
from an internet ecosystem company to an
officer, or employee of the Federal
Government unless otherwise authorized by
another provision of law and the Secretary
pany" means a business incorporated in the
services, internet service,
content delivery
services, Domain Name Service, cloud serv-
mobile telecommunications
(2) STORED COMMUNICATIONS ACT.—Nothing
in this section shall be construed to permit
or require disclosure by a provider of a re-
mote computing service or a provider of an
browser services, or such other services as
the Secretary determines appropriate for the
purposes of the pilot program required by
subsection (a).
of information
not otherwise per-
chapter 121 of title 18, United states Code
"Stored Commu-
"participating company"
means an internet ecosystem company that
has entered into a public-private partnership
with the Secretary under subsection (b).
retary of Homeland Security.
(3) THIRD PARTY CUSTOMERS.—Nothing
this section shall be construed to require a
third party, such as a customer or managed
service provider of an internet ecosystem
company, to participate in the pilot pro-
SA 4106. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself,
Mr. KELLY, and Ms. HIRONO) submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add
SEC. 1216. ADDITIONAL VISAS UNDER AFGHAN
with section 1905 of title 18, United States
Code, the Secretary shall ensure
trade secret or proprietary information of a
made known to the Federal Government pur-
suant to a public-private partnership under
the pilot program remains private and pro-
explicitly authorized by the
participating company.
pilot program under subsection (a), the Sec-
retary shall not take any action that is in-
tended primarily to advance the particular
business interests of a given company but
authorized to take actions
States, notwithstanding differential impact
or benefit to
companies' business interests.
(f) RESPONSIBILITIES.-
SECRETARY OF
The Secretary shall exercise primary respon-
subsection (a), organizing and directing au-
thorized activities with participating Fed-
eral Government organizations and internet
ecosystem companies to achieve the objec-
tives of the pilot program.
NATIONAL CYBER DIRECTOR.—The Na-
prioritization and cross-agency coordination
for the pilot program required by subsection
(a), including ensuring appropriate participa-
tion by participating agencies and the iden-
tification and prioritization of key private
sector entities and initiatives for the pilot
(3) SECRETARY OF DEFENSE.—The Secretary
shall provide support and re-
sources to the pilot program required by sub-
section (a), including the provision of tech-
nical and operational expertise drawn from
appropriate and relevant components of the
tional Security Agency, United States Cyber
Command, the Chief Information Officer, the
Office of the Secretary of Defense, military
the Defense Advanced Research Projects
(g) PARTICIPATION OF OTHER FEDERAL GOV-
Secretary may
invite to participate in the pilot program re-
quired by subsection (a) the heads of such de-
partments or agencies as the Secretary con-
siders appropriate.
The Secretary shall ensure that the pilot
program makes use of, builds upon,
appropriate, integrates with and does not du-
plicate other efforts of the Department of
Homeland Security and the Department of
Defense relating to cybersecurity, including
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary shall, in coordination with the
Secretary of Defense and the National Cyber
appropriate committees
of Congress on the pilot program required by
(B) ELEMENTS.—The briefing required by
subparagraph (A) shall include the following:
(i) The plans of the Secretary for the con-
duct of the pilot program under subsection
(ii) Identification of key priorities for the
(iii) Identification of any potential chal-
lenges in standing up the pilot program or
impediments to private sector participation
in the program, such as a lack of liability
(iv) A description of the roles and respon-
sibilities under the pilot program of each
participating Federal entity.
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than two years
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and annually thereafter for
Secretary of Defense and the National Cyber
brief the appropriate committees
of Congress on the progress of the pilot pro-
gram required by subsection (a).
(B) ELEMENTS.—Each briefing required by
subparagraph (A) shall include the following:
(i) Recommendations for addressing
evant policy, budgetary, and legislative gaps
to make the pilot program more effective.
retary may have for increasing private sec-
tor participation in the pilot program, such
as providing liability protection.
countered in carrying out subsection (a), in-
cluding any concerns expressed by private
sector partners regarding participation in
Section 602(b)(3)(F) of the Afghan Allies
Protection Act of 2009 (Public Law 111-8; 8
U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended, in the matter
preceding clause (i), by striking '34,500" and
inserting "38,500".
SA 4407. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself,
Mr. PORTMAN, and
Mr. DURBIN) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year, and
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add
SEC. 1264. REPORTS ON JOINT STATEMENT OF
THE UNITED STATES AND GERMANY
PEAN ENERGY SECURITY, AND CLI-
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
(iv) The findings of the Secretary with re-
spect to the feasibility and advisability of
extending or expanding the pilot program
Congress that-
(1) the United States remains opposed to
the completion of the Nord Stream 2 pipe-
line, which threatens the energy security of
many European allies;
-The pilot program re-
(2) the United States is concerned by re-
quired by subsection (a) shall terminate on cent efforts by the Russian

===== PAGE 114 =====
{"alpha_words": 1151, "chars": 8079, "method": "ocr", "page": 114, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
weaponize gas supplies to advance its geo- official designated by the head of a relevant
agency to serve as the Anomalous Health In-
vulnerabilities of Eastern European compa-
cident Agency Coordination Lead for such
(3) the Government of Germany must make
(A) to act upon all deliverables outlined in
the joint statement reached between the
United States and Germany on July 15, 2021;
(B) to apply sanctions with respect to the
Russian Federation for any malign activity
that weaponizes gas supplies to European al-
(C) to comply with the regulatory frame-
work under the European Union's Third En-
ergy Package with respect to Nord Stream 2.
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
tember 30, 2023, the Secretary of State shall
submit to the Committee on Foreign
tions of the Senate and the Committee on
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives a report on the implementation of the
United States-Germany
climate and energy
joint statement announced by the President
(2) ELEMENTS.—Each
paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) A description of efforts undertaken by
execute the elements of such
joint statement, including efforts—
(i) to implement assistance
security committees" means-
(A) the Committee on Armed Services of
(B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
Select Committee on Intelligence
(D) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate;
(E) the Committee on the Judiciary of the
(F) the Committee on Armed Services of
the House of Representatives;
(G) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of
the House of Representatives;
(H) the Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence of the House of Representatives;
on Homeland Security
of the House of Representatives; and
(J) the Committee on the Judiciary of the
(3) INTERAGENCY COORDINATOR.—The term
alous Health Coordints Interagency Coordi-
S7921
(v) represent the relevant agency in meet-
by the Interagency Coordi-
DELEGATION PROHIBITED.—An Agency
Coordination Lead may not delegate the re-
sponsibilities described in clauses (i) through
(v) of subparagraph (A).
(3) SECURE REPORTING MECHANISMS.—Not
later than 90 days after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Interagency Coordi-
(A) ensure that agencies develop a process
to provide a secure mechanism for personnel,
their dependents, and other appropriate indi-
viduals to self-report any suspected exposure
that could be an anomalous health incident;
(B) ensure that agencies share all relevant
data with the Office of the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence through existing proc-
esses coordinated by the Interagency Coordi-
establishing the mechanism
scribed in subparagraph (A), prioritize secure
esses to protect classified, sensitive, and per-
sonal information.
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and quarterly thereafter for the following 2
years, the Agency Coordination Leads shall
jointly provide a briefing to
progress made in achieving the objectives de-
(II) commit funding to, and mobilize in-
vestments toward, sustainable energy;
(il) to support Ukraine in
with Gazprom to extend the current transit
engage more deeply in the Minsk
Agreements and the Normandy Format for a
tion's illegal occupation of Crimea.
United States and Germany to advance and
provide funding for the Three
(C) A description of any activity of, or sup-
ported by, the Government of the Russian
(i) to weaponize the gas supplies of the
Russian Federation so as to exert political
pressure upon any European country;
(il) to withhold gas supplies for the purpose
of extracting excessive profit over European
(iii) to seek exemption from the European
Union's Third Energy Package regulatory
SA 4408. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself,
Ms. CoLLINS, Mr. WarNer, Mr. RUBIO,
Mr. RISCH, Mr.
MENENDEZ, and Mr.
DURBIN) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
4350, to authorize appropriations for
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy,
to
prescribe
military
personnel
strengths for such
fiscal year, and for
other purposes;
which
was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
Strike section
1053 and insert the
fol-
lowing:
SEC. 1053. ANOMALOUS HEALTH INCIDENTS.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) AGENCY COORDINATION LEAD.—The term
"Agency Coordination Lead" means a senior
AGENCIES.—The term "rel-
evant agencies" means-
(A) the Department of Defense;
(B) the Department of State;
(C) the Office of the Director of National
(D) the Department of Justice;
(E) the Department of Homeland Security;
(F) other agencies and bodies designated by
the Interagency Coordinator.
(b) ANOMALOUS HEALTH INCIDENTS INTER-
AGENCY COORDINATOR.
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the President shall designate an appropriate
senior official as the 'Anomalous Health In-
work through the President's designated Na-
tional Security process-
(A) to coordinate the United States
ernment's response to anomalous health in-
(B) to coordinate among relevant agencies
to ensure equitable and timely access to as-
sessment and care for atfected personnel, de-
pendents, and other appropriate individuals;
(C) to ensure adequate training and edu-
cation for United States Government per-
(D) to ensure that information regarding
anomalous health
incidents
is efficiently
shared across relevant agencies in a manner
that
provides
appropriate protections for
classified, sensitive, and personal informa-
tion.
(2) DESIGNATION OF AGENCY COORDINATION
LEADS.-
(A) IN GENERAL.—The head of each relevant
agency shall designate a Senate-confirmed
or other appropriate
senior
shall
official, who
(i) serve as the Anomalous Health Incident
Agency Coordination Lead for the relevant
agency;
(ii) report directly to the head of the rel-
evant agency regarding activities carried out
under this section;
(iii) perform functions specific to the rel-
evant agency, consistent with the directives
of the Interagency Coordinator and the es-
tablished interagency process;
(iv) participate in interagency briefings to
Congress regarding the
United
States Gov-
ernment response to anomalous health inci-
dents; and
under subparagraph (A) shall include-
(i) an update on
the investigation into
States Government personnel
causation and suspected perpetrators;
(iii) threat prevention and mitigation ef-
forts to include personnel training;
to operating posture due to
(v) an update on diagnosis and treatment
efforts for affected individuals, including pa-
tient numbers and wait times to access care;
(vi) efforts to improve and encourage re-
porting of incidents;
(vii) detailed roles and responsibilities of
Agency Coordination Leads;
(viii) information regarding additional au-
thorities or resources needed to support the
(ix) other matters that the Interagency Co-
ordinator or the Agency Coordination Leads
consider appropriate.
(C) UNCLASSIFIED BRIEFING SUMMARY.—The
Agency Coordination Leads shall provide a
coordinated,
unclassified
summary
of
the
briefings to Congress, which shall include as
much information as practicable without re-
vealing classified information or information
that is likely to identify an individual.
(5) RETENTION OF AUTHORITY.—The appoint-
ment of the Interagency
Coordinator shall
not deprive any Federal agency of any au-
thority to independently perform its author-
ized functions.
(6) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.
-Nothing in this
subsection may be construed to limit-
(A) the President's authority under article
Il of the United States Constitution; or
(B) the provision of health care and bene-
fits to afflicted individuals, consistent with
existing laws.
(C) DEVELOPMENT
AND DISSEMINATION OF
WORKFORCE GUIDANCE.—The President shall
direct relevant agencies to develop and dis-
seminate to their employees, not later than
30 days after the date of the enactment of
this Act, updated workforce guidance that
describes-

===== PAGE 115 =====
{"alpha_words": 1385, "chars": 9732, "method": "ocr", "page": 115, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
$7922

(1) the threat posed by anomalous health
incidents;

(2) known defensive techniques; and

(3) processes to self-report suspected expo-
sure that could be an anomalous health inci-
dent.

SA 4409. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4850, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022 for
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing:

SEC. 14106. OFFICE OF GLOBAL WOMEN’S ISSUES.

(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that the Office of Global Women’s
Issues (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Of-
fice’) in the Department of State (referred
to in this section as the ‘‘Department’’)
should—

(1) be headed by the Ambassador-at-Large
for Global Women’s Issues, who should be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate;

(2) coordinate, under the direction of the
Secretary of State (referred to in this sec-
tion as the ‘‘Secretary’’), the United States
foreign policy efforts to promote gender
equality and the rights and empowerment of
women and girls in United States diplomacy,
partnerships, and programs;

(3) serve as the principal advisor to the
Secretary regarding gender equality, wom-
en’s and girls’ empowerment, and violence
against women and girls as a priority of
United States foreign policy;

(4) represent the United States in diplo-
matic and multilateral fora on matters rel-
evant to the status of women and girls;

(5) advise the Secretary and provide input
on all activities, policies, programs, and
funding relating to gender equality and the
advancement of women and girls inter-
nationally for all bureaus and offices of the
Department and in the international pro-
grams of all other Federal agencies;

(6) work to ensure that efforts to advance
gender equality and women’s and girls’ em-
powerment are fully integrated into the pro-
grams, structures, processes, and capacities
of all bureaus and offices of the Department
and in the international programs of other
Federal agencies; and

(7) conduct regular consultations with civil
society organizations that are working to
advance gender equality and empower
women and girls internationally.

(b) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
Secretary shall submit a report or provide a
briefing to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate and the Committee on
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives regarding the efforts of the Office to
carry out the duties described in subsection

(a).

SA 4410. Mr. PETERS (for himself
and Ms. COLLINS) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed _ to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 43850, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and

CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE

for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the
following:

SEC. 356. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TRANS-
PARENCY REGARDING RESEARCH
RELATING TO PERFLUOROALKYL OR
POLYFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCES.

(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense
shall—

(1) support research efforts relating to
perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl = sub-
stances; and

(2) establish practices to ensure the timely
and complete dissemination of research find-
ings and related data _ relating to
perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl substances
to the general public.

(b) PUBLICATION OF INFORMATION.—Begin-
ning not later than 30 days after the date of
the enactment of this Act, Secretary of De-
fense shall publish on the publicly available
website established under section 3381(b) of
the National Defense Authorization Act for
Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116-92; 10 U.S.C.
2701 note) timely and regularly updated in-
formation on the research efforts of the De-
partment of Defense relating to
perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl = sub-
stances, which shall include the following:

(1) A description of any research collabora-
tions and data sharing by the Department
with the Department of Veterans Affairs, the
Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease
Registry, or any other agency (as defined in
section 551 title 5, United States Code),
States, academic institutions, nongovern-
mental organizations, or any other entity.

(2) Regularly updated information on re-
search projects supported or conducted by
the Department of Defense pertaining to the
development, testing, and evaluation of a
fluorine-free firefighting foam or any other
alternative to aqueous film forming foam
that contains perfluoroalkyl or
polyfluoroalkyl substances.

(3) Regularly updated information on re-
search projects supported or conducted by
the Department pertaining to the health ef-
fects of perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl
substances, including information relating
to the impact of such substances on fire-
fighters, veterans, and military families.

(4) Regularly updated information on re-
search projects supported or conducted by
the Department pertaining to treatment op-
tions for drinking water, surface water,
ground water, and the safe disposal of
perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl = sub-
stances.

(5) Budget information, including specific
spending information for the research
projects relating to  perfluoroalkyl or
polyfluoroalkyl substances that are sup-
ported or conducted by the Department.

(6) Such other matters as may be relevant
to ongoing research projects supported or
conducted by the Department to address the
use of perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl sub-
stances and the health effects of the use of
such substances.

(c) DISAGGREGATION OF INFORMATION.—To
the degree applicable, all of the information
made published under subsection (b) shall be
disaggregated by State, congressional dis-
trict, component of the Department, mili-
tary installation name, and military instal-
lation type.

(d) FORMAT.—The information published
under subsection (b) shall be made available
in a downloadable, machine-readable, open,
and a user-friendly format.

(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:

November 4, 2021

(1) The term ‘“‘military installation’’ in-
cludes active, inactive, and former military
installations.

(2) The term ‘‘perfluoroalkyl substance”’
means a man-made chemical of which all of
the carbon atoms are fully fluorinated car-
bon atoms.

(3) The term ‘‘polyfluoroalkyl substance’’
means a man-made chemical containing a
mix of fully fluorinated carbon atoms, par-
tially fluorinated carbon atoms, and
nonfluorinated carbon atoms.

SA 4411. Mr. PETERS submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 43850, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

At the end of title XI, add the following:
SEC. 1110. WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS FOR

EMPLOYEES OF NONAPPROPRIATED
FUND INSTRUMENTALITIES.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 2105(c)(1) of title
5, United States Code, is amended—

(1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’ at
the end; and

(2) by adding at the end the following:

‘““(F) alleged violations of paragraph (8) or
subparagraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of para-
graph (9) of section 2302(b), which shall be re-
ceived, investigated, adjudicated, and sub-
ject to judicial review under the procedures,
legal burdens of proof, and remedies provided
for under this title; or’’.

(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—

(1) Section 23802(a)(2)(C) of title 5, United
States Code, is amended in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i) by inserting ‘‘and, in the
case of an alleged prohibited personnel prac-
tice described under paragraph (8) or sub-
paragraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of paragraph
(9) of subsection (b), a nonappropriated fund
instrumentality under the jurisdiction of the
Armed Forces,’ after ‘‘Government Pub-
lishing Office,’’.

(2) Section 1587 of title 10, United States
Code, is repealed.

(3) The table of sections for chapter 81 of
title 10, United States Code, is amended by
striking the item relating to section 1587.

SA 4412. Mr. PETERS submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 43850, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing:

SEC. _. COMPETITIVE STATUS FOR CERTAIN
EMPLOYEES HIRED BY INSPECTORS

GENERAL TO SUPPORT THE LEAD IG
MISSION.

Section 8L(d)(5) of the Inspector General
Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended—

(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘a lead
Inspector General for’? and inserting ‘‘any
Inspector General specified in subsection (c)
for oversight of’’; and

===== PAGE 116 =====
{"alpha_words": 1307, "chars": 8595, "method": "ocr", "page": 116, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
years" and inserting "4 years".
Mr. TESTER, and Mr. DAINES) submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R.
propriations
fiscal year
military activities of the Department
for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title V, insert
• IMPROVING THE REVIEW OF DIS-
(a) INTERAGENCY DISCHARGE REVIEW BOARD
TASK FORCE.—Section 1553 of title 10, United
States Code, is amended by adding at the end
the following new subsection:
task force on the review of discharges and
dismissals under this section.
'(B) The task force established by subpara-
graph (A) shall be known as the 'Interagency
Discharge Review Board Task Force' (in this
subsection the 'Task Force').
'(2) The Task Force shall be composed of
power and Reserve Affairs of each military
"(B) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
'(C) The Assistant Secretary of Defense for
Health Affairs.
"(D) Such other persons as the Chairperson
of the Task Force considers appropriate.
shall be the Deputy Under Secretary of De-
fense for Personnel and Readiness.
"(4)(A) The Task Force shall develop strat-
egies to increase the efficacy of reviews of
discharges and dismissals under this section.
"(B) In carrying out subparagraph (A), the
Task Force shall analyze the following:
under this section to review discharges and
dismissals and how such structures and proc-
esses vary across the military services.
ment of Defense for members of the armed
forces and veterans transitioning from serv-
ice in the armed forces to civilian life.
'(iii) Decision notification policies of the
boards established under this section.
"(iv) Department of Defense coordination
views of discharges and dismissals under this
section with State veterans agencies, the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs,
the Department of Health and Human Serv-
ices, and veterans service organizations.
'(v) Such other measures as
sure continued modernization of the review
of discharges and dismissals under section
1553 of title 10, United States Code.
service organization' means an organization
recognized by the Secretary of Veterans Af-
fairs for the representation of veterans under
section 5902 of title 38.".
title,
as amended by
subsection (a), is fur-
ther amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new subsection:
'(h)(1) Not later than 90 days after the end
of each fiscal year, the task force established
by subsection (g)(1) shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress a report on
the implementation of this section.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(2) Each report submitted under para-
graph (1) shall include the following:
A summary of the activities under-
taken by the task force during the most re-
"(B) The number of motions or requests for
review received during the last fiscal year by
disaggregated by military service.
"(C) The percentage of such motions and
requests that resulted in a correction to up-
grade the characterization of discharge or
dismissal of a former member of the armed
'(D) The average amount of time between
a submittal of a motion or request described
in subparagraph (A) and a final decision of a
board with respect to the motion or request.
'(3) In this subparagraph, the term 'appro-
priate committees of Congress' means
"(A) the Committee on Armed Services and
the Committee on Veterans' Affairs of the
"(B) the Committee on Armed Services and
the Committee on Veterans' Affairs of the
Section 1553 of such title, as
amended by subsections (a) and (b), is fur-
ther amended by adding at the end the fol-
"(i) NOTICE.—Not later than 30 days after
the date on which a board established under
this section reaches a final decision with re-
spect to correcting a discharge or dismissal
of a former member of the armed forces,
board shall transmit to the Secretary of Vet-
the State agency of the home
of the former member (using the most cur-
rent contract information available to the
Secretary of Defense) that has a mission to
serve veterans, any legal professional rep-
former member notice of such decision.".
PRESEPARATION
1142(b) of such title is amended by adding at
the end the following new paragraph:
'(20) A description of the process for re-
view under section 1553 of this title.".
SA 4414. Mr. PETERS (for himself,
and Mr. BLUNT) submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the
SEC. 576. RECORD OF MILITARY SERVICE FOR
MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES
-Chapter 59 of title 10, United States
Code, is amended by inserting after section
1168 the following new sections:
"§ 1168a. Discharge or release: record of mili-
'(a) RECORD OF SERVICE REQUIRED.-
shall establish
and implement
record of military service for all members of
the
active
and
reserve
components of the
armed
forces to encompass all duty under
this title and titles 32, and 14.
"(2)
DESIGNATION.—The record of service
shall be known as the 'Certificate of Military
Service'
"(b) NATURE AND SCOPE.—The record of
service required by subsection (a) shall-
S7923
'(1) consist of a standardized summary of
the service on active duty, inactive duty, an-
nual training, active duty for training, and
State active duty in the armed forces of each
member who serves in the armed forces;
'(2) be the same document for all members
of the armed forces; and
'(3) replace and serve the same function as
a discharge certificate or certificate of re-
lease from active duty for purposes of sec-
tion 1168 of this title that is performed as of
the date of the enactment of this Act by De-
partment of Defense Form DD-214.
'(C) COORDINATION.-In
carrying out this
section, the Secretary of Defense shall co-
ordinate with all applicable stakeholders, in-
cluding the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in
order to ensure that the record of service re-
quired by subsection (a) serves as acceptable
proof of military service for receipt of appli-
by such stakeholders."
(b) ISSUANCE TO MEMBERS OF RESERVE COM-
-Chapter 59 of such title, as amend-
ed by subsection (a), is further amended by
inserting after section 1168a the following
'§ 1168b. Record of military service: issuance
to members of reserve components
'An up-to-date record of service (as pro-
vided for by section 1168a of this title) shall
be issued to members of the reserve compo-
nents of the armed forces as follows:
'(1) Upon permanent change to duty status
(retirement, resignation, Expiration Term of
Service, commissioning to officer/warrant of-
ficer, or permanent transfer to active duty).
'(2) Upon discharge or release from tem-
porary active duty orders (minimum of 90
days on orders or 30 days for a contingency
"(3) Upon promotion to each grade (start-
ing at 0-3 for commissioned officers, W-3 for
warrant officers, and E-4 for enlisted mem-
'(4) In the case of a member of the Na-
tional Guard, upon any transfer to the Na-
tional Guard of another State or territory
(C) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATED TO
CURRENT DISCHARGE CERTIFICATE AUTHORI-
) IN GENERAL.—subsection (a) 0I secti
bo ot title lo. united states code. is amen
(A) by striking 'his discharge certificate
or certificate of release from active duty, re-
spectively, and his final pay" and inserting
"the member's record or military service (as
provided for by section 1168a of this title),
and the member's final pay"; and
(B) by striking 'him or his" and inserting
"the member or the member's'
(2) HEADING AMENDMENT.—The heading of
such section 1168 is amended to read as fol-
duty: limitations; issuance of record of mili-
(d) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of
sections at the beginning of chapter
such title is amended by striking the item
relating to section 1168 and inserting the fol-
lowing new items:
''1168. Discharge or release from active duty:
limitations; issuance of record
'1168a. Discharge or release: record of mili-
tary service.
'1168b. Record of military service: issuance
to members of reserve compo-
nents."
SA 4415. Mr. PETERS (for himself.
Mrs. BLACKBURN, Mr. TESTER, and Mr.

===== PAGE 117 =====
{"alpha_words": 1254, "chars": 8536, "method": "ocr", "page": 117, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
PADILLA) submitted an amendment in- SEC.. COMMERCIALIZATION ACTIVITIES IN
tended to be proposed by him
THE SBIR AND STTR PROGRAMS.
bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appropria-
(a) IMPROVEMENTS TO COMMERCIALIZATION
tions for fiscal year 2022 for military
the Department of De-
GENERAL.—Section 9 of the
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended—
for military construction, and
for defense activities of
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title VI, add the following:
• REDUCED RETIREMENT ELIGIBILITY
READY RESERVE CALLED TO ACTIVE
DUTY FOR CHEMICAL, BIOLOGICAL,
year" and inserting "180 days";
(ii) in paragraph (11), by striking "and" at
paragraph (12), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting "; and"; and
(iv) by adding at the end the following:
"(13) with respect to peer review carried
out under the SBIR program, to the extent
practicable, include in the peer review-
'(A) the likelihood of commercialization
in addition to scientific and technical merit
and feasibility; and
'(B) not less than 1 reviewer with commer-
cialization expertise who is capable of as-
likelihood of commercializa-
Section 12731(f) of title 10, United States
Code, is amended-
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting "or (3)"
(2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
(3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
"(3)(A) In the case of a person who as a
member of the Ready Reserve performs ac-
tive service described in subparagraph (B)
of subsection (a)(1) shall be
subject to subparagraph (D), below 60
years of age by three months for each aggre-
gate of 90 days on which such person per-
forms such active service in any fiscal year
after March 1, 2009. A day of duty may be in-
cluded in only one aggregate of 90 days for
purposes of this subparagraph.
'(B) Active service described in this sub-
paragraph is service under a
call to active
duty authorized by the President or the Sec-
retary of Defense under section 502(f) of title
32 with a chemical, biological, radiological,
and nuclear (CBRN) response mission in the
Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear,
Yield Explosive (CBRNE) Con-
(CCMRF)/Command and Control CBRN Re-
sponse Element-Bravo (C2CRE-B) mission.
'(C) If a member described in
graph (A) is wounded or otherwise injured or
becomes ill while serving on active duty pur-
suant to a call or order to active duty de-
scribed in subparagraph (B), and the member
is then ordered to active duty under section
12301(h)(1) of this title to receive medical
care for the wound, injury, or illness,
day of active duty under that order for med-
ical care shall be treated as a continuation
of the original call or order to active duty
for purposes of reducing the eligibility age of
the member under this paragraph.
'(D) The eligibility age for purposes of sub-
section (a)(1) may not be reduced
years of age for any person under subpara-
graph (A).'; and
(4) in paragraph (4), as redesignated by
"paragraph (2)"
4416. Mr. COONS submitted
amendment intended to be proposed by
him to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize
appropriations for fiscal year 2022 for
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
(4)(B)(i), by striking "1
year" and inserting "180 days";
(ii) in paragraph (15), by striking "and" at
(iii) in paragraph (16), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting "; and"; and
(iv) by adding at the end the following:
'(17) with respect to peer review carried
out under the STTR program, to the extent
practicable, include in the peer review—
'(A) the likelhood of commercialization in
and feasibility; and
'(B) not less than 1 reviewer with commer-
cialization expertise who is capable of as-
the likelihood of commercializa-
November 4, 2021
commercialization readiness to advance
Phase III awards or other non-SBIR or STTR
program contracts;
'(4) coordinate with the Technology Com-
agencies to identify additional markets and
commercialization pathways
for promising
SBIR and STTR program technologies;
"(5) submit to the Administration an an-
nual report on the number of technologies
from the SBIR or STTR program that have
cluding information required in the commer-
assessment under sub-
'(6) submit to the Administration an an-
nual report on actions taken by the Federal
and the results of those actions, to
simplify, standardize, and expedite the appli-
cation process and requirements, procedures,
and contracts as required under subsection
(hh) and described in subsection (X)(E); and
'(7) carry out such other duties as the Fed-
eral agency determines necessary.".
(2) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after
the date of enactment of this Act,
ministrator of the Small Business Adminis-
tration shall submit to the Committee on
Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the
Senate and the Committee on Small Busi-
ness of the House of Representatives summa-
rizing the metrics relating to and an evalua-
tion of the authority provided under section
9(cc) of the Small Business Act, as amended
by subsection (a), which shall include
size and location of the small business con-
cerns receiving awards under the SBIR or
(b) IMPROVEMENTS TO TECHNICAL AND BUSI-
COMMERCIALIZATION
PACT ASSESSMENT; PATENT ASSISTANCE.
tion 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C.
638), as amended by subsection (a), is amend-
(1) in subsection (9)-
(i) by striking "During fiscal years 2012
Health, the Department of Defense, and the
Department of Education" and inserting the
"(1) IN GENERAL.
-During fiscal years 2022
through 2027, each Federal agency with an
SBIR or STTR program'; and
(ii) by adding at the end the following:
'(2) LIMITATION.-
-The total value of awards
provided by a Federal agency under this sub-
section in a fiscal year shall be
"(A) except as provided in subparagraph
(B), not more than 10 percent of the total
funds allocated to the SBIR and STTR pro-
grams of the Federal agency during that fis-
'(B) with respect to the National Insti-
tutes of Health, not more than 15 percent of
allocated to the SBIR and
STTR programs of the National Institutes of
Health during that fiscal year.
and 2027, each Federal agency with an SBIR
or STTR program may continue phase flexi-
bility as described in this subsection only if
(tt)(1)(B) have been submitted to the appro-
priate committees.";
(D) in subsection (hh)(2)(A)(i), by inserting
"application process and requirements' after
"simplified and standardized'; and
(E) by adding at the end the following:
TECHNOLOGY COMMERCIALIZATION OF-
in the SBIR or STTR program
ignate a Technology Commercialization Offi-
cial in the Federal agency, who shall
'(1) have sufficient commercialization ex-
'(2) provide assistance to SBIR and STTR
program awardees
transitioning technologies;
and STTR program
technologies with sufficient technology and
(i) by striking
"may enter into an agree-
ment with 1 or more vendors selected under
paragraph (2)(A)" and inserting
thorize recipients of awards under the SBIR
or STTR program to select, if desired, com-
mercialization activities provided under sub-
paragraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (2)";
(ii) by inserting ", cybersecurity
assist-
ance"
"intellectual property
(B) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end
may, by contract or otherwise,
provided under this section to hire new staff,
augment staff, or direct staff to conduct or
participate in training activities consistent
with the goals listed in paragraph (1).";
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking subpara-
graphs (A) and (B) and inserting
'(A) PHASE I.—A Federal agency described
in paragraph (1) shall authorize a recipient of
a Phase I SBIR or STTR award to utilize not
more than $6,500 per project, included as part
of the award of the recipient or in addition
to the amount of the award of the recipient
as determined appropriate by the head of the
Federal agency, for the services described in
"(i) provided through a vendor selected
"(ii) provided through a vendor other than
a vendor selected under paragraph (2)(A);
"(iii) achieved through the activities de-
scribed in paragraph (2)(C); or
"(iv) provided or achieved through
combination of clauses (i), (ii), and (iii).
'(B) PHASE II.—A Federal agency described
in paragraph (1) shall authorize a recipient of

===== PAGE 118 =====
{"alpha_words": 1206, "chars": 8204, "method": "ocr", "page": 118, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
a Phase II SBIR or STTR award to utilize
not more than $50,000 per project, included as
part of the award of the recipient or in addi-
tion to the amount of the award of the re-
head of the Federal agency, for the services
described in paragraph (1)-
"(i) provided through a vendor selected
'(ii) provided through a vendor other than
a vendor selected under paragraph (2)(A);
'(iii) achieved through the activities de-
scribed in paragraph (2)(C); or
combination of clauses (i), (ii), and (iii).";
(D) by adding at the end the following:
"(5) TARGETED REVIEW.—A Federal agency
may perform targeted reviews of technical
and business assistance funding as described
in subsection (mm)(1)(F)."; and
(2) by adding at the end the following:
'(WW) I-CORPS PARTICIPATION.
'(1) IN GENERAL.—Each Federal agency
that is required to conduct an SBIR or STTR
an Innovation Corps (com-
monly known as 'I-Corps') program shall—
'(A) provide an option for participation in
an I-Corps teams course by recipients of an
award under the SBIR or STTR program; and
'(B) authorize the recipients described in
subparagraph (A) to use an award provided
technical assistance for participation in the
I-Corps teams course.
"(2) COST OF PARTICIPATION.—The
paragraph (1)(A) in an I-Corps course may be
"(A) an I-Corps team grant;
"(B) funds awarded to the recipient under
participating teams or
'(D) any combination of sources described
in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C).
'(XX) COMMERCIALIZATION IMPACT ASSESS-
'(1) IN GENERAL.—The Administrator shall
coordinate with each Federal agency with an
SBIR or STTR program to develop an annual
commercialization impact assessment report
of the Federal agency, which shall measure,
for the 5-year period preceding the report-
'(A) for Phase II contracts
"(i) the total amount of sales of new prod-
ucts and services to the Federal Government
or other commercial markets;
"(ii) the total outside investment from
partnerships, joint ventures, or other private
sector funding sources;
'(iii) the total number of technologies li-
'(iv) the total number of acquisitions of
small business concerns participating in the
SBIR program or the STTR program that are
'(v) the total number of new spin-out com-
"(vi) the total outside investment from
venture capital or angel investments;
"(vii) the total number of patent applica-
"(viii) the total number of patents ac-
"(ix) the year of first Phase I award and
total number of employees at time of
total number of employees from
the preceding completed year; and
"(xi) the percent of revenue, as of the date
of the report, generated through SBIR or
'(B) the total number and value of subse-
quent Phase II awards, as described in sub-
section (bb), awarded for each particular
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(C) the total number and value of Phase
III awards awarded subsequent to a Phase II
"(D) the total number and value of non-
SBIR and STTR program Federal awards and
'(E) actions taken by the Federal agency,
and the results of those actions, relating to
developing a simplified and standardized ap-
process and requirements, proce-
dures, and model contracts throughout the
S7925
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title XII, add the following:
Subtitle H-Ukraine Security Partnership
impact assessment report described in para-
graph (1) of a Federal agency shall be-
'(A) included in the annual report of the
Federal agency required under this section;
'(B) published on the website of the Ad-
''(1) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection-
'(A) the term 'low bono services'
services provided at a reduced fee; and
"(B) the term 'USPTO' means the United
States Patent and Trademark Office.
'(2) ASSISTANCE.—The Administrator shall
the USPTO to assist recipients of an award
under the SBIR or STTR program (in this
paragraph referred to as 'SBIR and STTR re-
"(A) track one processing, under which the
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Ukraine
Security Partnership Act of 2021'.
Congress makes the following findings:
(1) Throughout its history, Ukraine has ex-
perienced several long periods of occupation.
(2) Between 1919 and 1991, Ukraine was bru-
tally ruled by the Soviet Union, whose policy
of agricultural collectivization caused the
Holodomor of 1932-1933, a man-made
that resulted in the death of at least 3,000,000
Ukrainians by starvation.
(3) During the Nazi occupation of Ukraine
accompanying World War II-
(A) approximately 3,500,000 Ukrainian civil-
ians and 3,000,000 soldiers were killed; and
(B) approximately 1,500,000 Jews were mas-
(4) Ukraine declared its independence from
Moscow in 1991, after the collapse of the So-
(5) In the 1994 Budapest Memorandum,
Russian Federation, the United States, and
the United Kingdom pledged to "respect the
independence and sovereignty and the exist-
the threat or use of force against the terri-
torial integrity or political independence of
render of its nuclear arsenal.
(6) From November 2004 through January
2005, thousands of Ukrainians took to the
streets to peacefully protest electoral fraud
and widespread corruption by the ruling elite
in the 2004 Presidential election, successfully
triggering a re-vote, in what became known
"(I) not less than 5 percent or 500 track one
whichever is greater, per year to
SBIR and STTR recipients on a first-come,
first-served basis; and
"(II) not more than 2 track one requests to
an individual SBIR and STTR recipient, to
expedite final disposition on SBIR and STTR
program patent applications; and
"(ii) waive the track one fee requirement
for SBIR and STTR recipients; and
"(B) through the USPTO Patent Pro Bono
Program, providing SBIR and STTR recipi-
'(i) pro bono services if the recipient-
'(I) had a total gross income of more than
$150,000 but less than $5,000,000 in the pre-
ceding calendar year, and expects a total
gross income of more than $150,000 but less
than $5,000,000 in the current calendar year;
"(II) is not under any obligation to assign
the rights to the invention to another entity
other than the Federal Government; and
"(III) has not previously received USPTO
pro bono or low bono services; or
"(ii) low bono services if the recipient—
'(I) had a total gross income of more than
$5,000,000 but less than $10,000,000 in the pre-
calendar year,
gross income of more than $5,000,000 but less
than $10,000,000 in the current calendar year;
'(II) is not under any obligation to assign
the rights to the invention to another entity
other than the Federal Government; and
'(III) has not previously received USPTO
pro bono or low bono services.
'(3) OUTREACH.—The
Administrator shall
coordinate with the USPTO to provide out-
the pro se assistance pro-
the pro-Russian
government of President Viktor Yanukovych
Yanukovych's decision to reject a closer re-
lationship with the European Union and his
continued systemic corruption, and over 100
were killed by
government suppression.
(8) Fearful of Ukraine's strengthened pro-
Western orientation after the Revolution of
Dignity, the Government of the Russian Fed-
eration, in violation of international law and
in contravention of its commitments in the
undisclosed military personnel
into Ukraine's Autonomous Republic of Cri-
mea in February 2014 and has illegally occu-
pied the Crimean Peninsula for the past
(B) sent covert, unmarked military per-
sonnel into the Ukrainian regions of Donetsk
and Luhansk in April 2014, instigating and
supporting a still-ongoing conflict that has
(C) provided the Buk missile system
by those Russia-led forces to shoot down Ma-
SA 4417. Mr. RISCH (for himself and
Mr. MENENDEZ) submitted an amend-
ment intended
be proposed
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
(9) Under Russian
control, Crimean
thorities have kidnapped, imprisoned, and
tortured Crimean Tatars, opposition figures,
activists, and other minority populations,
and have persecuted religious minorities by
deregistering religious centers.

===== PAGE 119 =====
{"alpha_words": 1245, "chars": 8696, "method": "ocr", "page": 119, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(10) In September 2014, in an attempt to
stop the fighting that the Russian Federa-
France, Germany, Ukraine, the Russian Fed-
Cooperation (OSCE), and Russia-led
from eastern Ukraine signed the Minsk Pro-
(11) In February 2015, after the failure of
the initial Minsk Protocol, the Russian Fed-
eration committed to the Minsk II Agree-
the roadmap for resolving the conflict
ments of Ukraine, Russia, France, and Ger-
(12) Despite these agreements, the Govern-
ment of the Russian Federation continues to
violate Ukrainian sovereignty through-
(A) manipulation of Ukraine's dependence
on Russian natural gas, including cutting off
access in 2014, which deprived Ukraine of its
energy supply and transit fees;
espionage and clandestine assassina-
tions on Ukrainian territory;
(C) continuous cyber warfare against the
Government of Ukraine and Ukrainian busi-
nesses, such as the NotPetya hack in 2017;
(D) seizure of Ukrainian property and citi-
zens, including the November 2018 seizure in
the Kerch Strait of three Ukrainian naval
vessels and 24 Ukrainian officers on board
(13) In July 2018, Secretary of State Mi-
chael R. Pompeo issued the Crimea Declara-
tion and reiterated in February 2020 on the
sixth anniversary of Russia's illegal occupa-
tion that 'Crimea is Ukraine'
(14) On February 26, 2021 President Joseph
R. Biden confirmed that Crimea is Ukraine
never recognize Russia's purported
(15) Since April 2014, at least 4,100 Ukrain-
ian soldiers have died fighting for their coun-
try against the Russian Federation and Rus-
while no less than 3,361 civil-
ians have perished as a result of that fight-
(16) Despite Ukraine's tumultuous history
and neighborhood, in under 30 years it has
risen from the collapse of the Soviet Union
to become a developing democracy, steadily
working to overcome its Soviet legacy of op-
pression, oligarchic control, and corruption.
(17) Running on a strong anti-corruption
platform, Volodymyr Zelensky won the 2019
presidential election with 73 percent of the
vote, and his political party, Servant of the
People, won a parliamentary majority in the
Ukrainian parliament.
(18) The OSCE confirmed the 2019 elections
"competitive and
doms were generally respected"
(19) In March and April 2021, the Russian
Federation amassed over 75,000 troops on its
border with the Eastern Ukraine and in the
occupied territory of Crimea.
(20) Since 2014, the Government of Ukraine
has made difficult and substantial reforms in
to address corruption
closely align with the West, such as slim-
ming and decentralizing its bureaucracy, re-
Members of Parliament, reforming its gas,
working to adapt its military to the stand-
ards of the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-
(21) Despite progress in reforming many
issues still remain,
particularly in the areas
of corruption and rule of law.
consistently supported Ukraine's democratic
and its fight against Russia-led
forces by assisting its governance reform ef-
maintaining robust and coordinated
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
against the Russian Federation
alongside the European Union, and providing
equipment, including lethal defensive weap-
(23) In addition to the United States, the
European countries,
Ukraine's democratic transition and its fight
against Russia-led forces in eastern Ukraine,
and also have implemented and maintained
sian Federation for its illegal occupation of
November 4, 2021
(8) the United States should use its voice
and vote at NATO to encourage the adoption
of a policy by the Alliance that all of its
member states will refuse to recognize the il-
legal attempted annexation of Crimea by the
(9) the United States should support at the
highest level and take an active part in the
Ukrainian "Crimean Platform' initiative to
that the international community's
attention remains focused on—
(A) the unacceptable violation of Ukraine's
territorial integrity in Crimea; and
(B) working towards the reversal of such
(10) the United States should continue to
bolster the capacity of the Ukrainian Navy
as it strives to fulfill the goals it set out in
Armed Forces of Ukraine 2035';
(11) the military-focused technical, train-
ing, maintenance, and logistical assistance
provided by the United States to Ukraine is
as the military hardware pro-
(24) the Government of Ukraine has stead-
fastly supported the United States and Euro-
pean allies by deploying troops to Iraq,
United States military
planes to refuel on Ukrainian soil, and trad-
ing billions of dollars worth of goods and
services with the United States.
(25) NATO has recently decided to include
Ukraine in its Enhanced Opportunities Part-
nership in recognition of Ukraine's contribu-
tions to NATO missions and efforts to reform
its military in line with NATO standards.
(26) Since the Russian Federation's 2014 in-
vasion of Ukraine, the United
Ukraine through the passage of legislation,
including the Support for the Sovereignty,
and Economic Sta-
bility of Ukraine Act of 2014 (Public Law 113-
95; 22 U.S.C. 8901 et seq.), the Ukraine Free-
dom Support Act (Public Law
U.S.C. 8921 et seq.), the Ukraine Security As-
sistance Initiative established under section
1250 of the National Defense Authorization
Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114-92;
129 Stat. 1068), the Countering America's Ad-
Law 115-44), and the Protecting Europe's En-
ergy Security Act of 2019 (Public Law 116-92,
title LXXV), and the United States Congress
continues to demonstrate strong support for
assisting Ukraine in defending itself and de-
SEC. 1293. SENSE OF CONGRESS.
It is the sense of Congress that-
(1) Ukraine stands
bulwark against
the malign influence of the Russian Federa-
support for Ukraine is vital to United States
national security and demonstrates the com-
mitment of the United States to upholding a
free and open international order;
(2) since Ukraine's independence in 1991,
the Government and people of Ukraine have
Ukraine should continue to be subject to rig-
orous vetting requirements under section
620M of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22
U.S.C. 2378d) and security cooperation under
section 362 of title 10, United States Code, in-
cluding assistance provided to units in
National Guard of Ukraine
units falling under the authority of the Min-
istry of Defense;
(13) the Office of Defense Cooperation at
fully staffed with officers who
serve three-year terms in order to admin-
ister the security assistance being provided
(14) the Secretary of Defense should con-
duct an assessment of the staffing resources
strongly consider providing additional staff
to the Office of Defense
Cooperation in
(15) the United States should continue to
support Ukraine's NATO aspirations, includ-
ing through work towards a Membership Ac-
(16) the enduring partnership between the
United States and Ukraine,
including bipar-
and whole Ukraine through political, mone-
strong and must continue to be reaffirmed;
(17) the United States should continue to
strongly support Ukraine's ambitions to join
measures, and economic reforms;
rectly connected to its efforts to reduce cor-
ruption and build strong democratic institu-
tions that are able to defend against internal
and external corrupt actors;
(4) the efforts and sacrifices of Ukrainian
citizens to determine their own fate after
centuries of oppression, through democratic
of that country's dedication to a
free, independent, and democratic future;
(5) Ukraine has proven itself to be a valu-
able security partner of the United states,
not simply a recipient of assistance;
(6) it is in the national security interests
of the United States to continue and deepen
security partnership with Ukraine,
cluding through the provision of both lethal
United States should continue to
receipt of financial and military assistance,
as that mechanism has proven effective in
incentivizing reforms in Ukraine;
SEC. 1294. STATEMENT OF POLICY.
It is the policy of the United States-
(1) to refuse to recognize the attempted an-
nexation of Crimea by the Russian Federa-
tion, an action that was taken in contraven-
(2) to utilize existing sanctions and other
authorities to deter malign actions by
Russian Federation in or intended to harm
Ukraine, including the mandates
(A) the Countering America's Adversaries
Through Sanctions Act (22 U.S.C. 9401 et
(B) the Protecting Europe's Energy Secu-
rity Act of 2019 (title LXXV of Public Law
116-92; 22 U.S.C. 9526 note);
(3) to work with our European allies to co-
ordinate strategies to curtail Russian malign
influence in Ukraine;
(4) to work with our allies and partners to
conduct more frequent multinational
dom of navigation operations in the Black
Ukraine's internationally-recognized
time boundaries, to safeguard the unimpeded

===== PAGE 120 =====
{"alpha_words": 1196, "chars": 8369, "method": "ocr", "page": 120, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
traffic of lawful commerce, and to push back
against excessive Russian Federation claims
of sovereignty;
(5) to work with our allies and partners to
ally-recognized land borders; and
(6) to support democratic,
anti-corruption reforms in Ukraine and the
country's integration into Euro-Atlantic in-
SEC. 1295. STRATEGY ON UNITED STATES DIPLO-
MATIC SUPPORT FOR UKRAINE.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State shall submit to the
appropriate congressional committees a re-
States will work to diplomatically support
Ukraine during fiscal years 2022 through 2026.
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-
(1) A description of how relevant depart-
ments and agencies of the United
Government will
work together to
tively support efforts by the Government of
Ukraine to deter Russian aggression in the
form of military incursions, cyber attacks,
the coercive use of energy resources, the dis-
ruption of lawful commerce and traffic to
Ukrainian ports, use of passportization, and
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(C) RESPONSIBILITIES.—The Special Envoy
(1) serve as the United States liaison to the
Normandy Format, tasked with leading the
peace process between Ukraine and the Rus-
(2) facilitate diplomatic outreach to and
dialogue with countries in the Black Sea re-
impact of Russia's growing militarization of
closely with the Chief of
(4) coordinate with the United States-Eu-
rope Working Group on Ukraine established
(5) coordinate with the OSCE Special Mon-
itoring Mission to Ukraine; and
(6) provide the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations of the Senate and the Committee on
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives regular updates and briefings on the
status of peace negotiations.
(2) A description of the United States' cur-
rent efforts and strategy to support Ukrain-
ian diplomatic initiatives when they align
with United States interests.
on how the United States
will use its voice and vote at the United Na-
tions, OSCE, Council of Europe, NATO, and
other relevant international bodies to sup-
port Ukraine and its reform efforts.
(4) A strategy on how the United States
will assist Ukraine in bolstering its diplo-
matic, economic, energy, and maritime rela-
tionships with key Black Sea countries, in-
(5) A strategy on how the United States
will engage with Germany, France, Ukraine,
and Russia to advance the Normandy For-
mat and Minsk Agreements.
anti-corruption reforms and a
strategy on how the United States will work
with allies to continue to engage Ukraine to
ensure meaningful progress on democratic,
economic, and anti-corruption reforms.
-The report required under sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may contain a classified annex.
GROUP ON UKRAINE.
(a) IN GENERAL.
Secretary of State
should seek to establish a United States-Eu-
rope Working Group on Ukraine.
(b) REPRESENTATION.—The United States-
Europe Working Group on Ukraine should in-
clude high-level representatives from the Du-
Union, its institutions, and relevant
governments,
economic and policy reform assistance and
section (a) shall terminate 5 years after the
date of the enactment of this Act.
SEC. 1298. FOREIGN MILITARY FINANCING.
There is authorized to be
the Department of State for
years 2022 through 2026 $300,000,000 for For-
eign Military Financing (FMF) assistance to
Ukraine to assist the country in meeting its
(b) AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS.-
to be appropriated for each fiscal year pursu-
$150,000,000 shall be made available until the
Secretary of State makes the certification
year, including a detailed explanation justi-
fying the certification with respect to each
of the categories listed in subparagraphs (A)
through (G) of such paragraph. The certifi-
cation shall be submitted to the appropriate
form, but may contain a classified annex.
(2) CERTIFICATION.—The certification
scribed in this paragraph is a certification by
the Secretary of State, in coordination with
ment of Ukraine has taken actions to—
(A) make defense institutional reforms, in
accordance with NATO standards;
(B) further strengthen civilian control of
(C) reform its state-owned arms production
and account-
ability in defense procurement;
(E) respect Verkhovna Rada efforts to ex-
of the Ministry of Defense
(F) promote respect for the observation of
human rights as enshrined in the require-
ments of section 620M of the Foreign Assist-
ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2378d) within the
security forces of Ukraine; and
(G) support the work of Ukraine's anti-cor-
ruption bodies, including the High Anti-Cor-
National Anti-Corruption Bu-
reau, and the Special Anti-Corruption Pros-
ized under this section shall terminate on
September 30 of the fifth fiscal year begin-
ning after the date of the enactment of this
SEC. 1297. SPECIAL ENVOY FOR UKRAINE.
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The President should
appoint, by and with the consent of the Sen-
ate, a Special Envoy for Ukraine, who should
report to the Assistant Secretary of state
The Special Envoy for Ukraine
the rank and status of ambas-
days before providing assistance or support
pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary of
gressional committees a notification
taining the following:
(1) A detailed description of the assistance
or support to be provided, including-
assistance or
(B) the budget for such assistance or sup-
(C) the expected or estimated timeline for
delivery of such assistance or support.
(2) A description of such other matters as
the Secretary considers appropriate.
Congress that assistance provided under this
(1) prioritize the procurement of vessels for
the Ukrainian Navy and other articles that
bolster the capacity of the Ukrainian Navy
to counter Russian maritime aggression and
throughout the Black Sea; and
(2) ensure adequate planning for mainte-
nance for any equipment provided.
(e) AUTHORITY To PROVIDE LETHAL ASSIST-
-The Secretary of State is authorized
to provide lethal assistance under this sec-
tion, including anti-armor weapon systems,
mortars, crew-served weapons and ammuni-
grenade launchers
anti-tank weapons systems, anti-ship weap-
ons systems, anti-aircrait weapons systems,
and small arms and ammunition.
EXPEDITED EXCESS DEFENSE ARTI-
During fiscal years 2022 through 2026, the
delivery of excess defense articles to Ukraine
given other countries and regions under sec-
tion 516(c)(2) of the Foreign Assistance Act
of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321j(c)(2)).
SEC. 1299A. STRATEGY ON EXCESS DEFENSE AR-
TICLES FROM ALLIES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State in consultation with
the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the
appropriate congressional committees a clas-
sified strategy on how the United States will
encourage third countries to donate excess
defense equipment to Ukraine.
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-
(1) A listing of all friendly and allied na-
tions that have excess defense material that
may be compatible with the needs and sys-
tems utilized by the Armed
(2) A description of the diplomatic efforts
undertaken by the United
States Govern-
ment to encourage allied nations to donate
their excess defense articles to Ukraine on
SEC. 1299B. IMET COOPERATION WITH UKRAINE.
(a) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—
There is authorized to be appropriated to the
Department of State $4,000,000 for each of fis-
cal years 2022 through 2026 for International
Military Education and Training (IMET) as-
sistance for Ukraine. The assistance shall be
made available for the following purposes:
(1) Training of future leaders.
(2) Fostering a better understanding of the
Establishing a rapport between
United States Armed Forces and Ukraine's
military to build partnerships for the future.
(4) Enhancement of interoperability and
capabilities for joint operations.
(5) Focusing on professional military edu-
cation, civilian control of the military, and
(b) NOTICE TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 15
days before providing assistance or support
pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary of
State shall submit to the Committee on For-
eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-
Foreign Affairs of the House
the following elements:
(1) A detailed description of the assistance
or support to be provided, including-
(A) the objectives of such
(B) the budget for such assistance or sup-

===== PAGE 121 =====
{"alpha_words": 1066, "chars": 7437, "method": "ocr", "page": 121, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(C) the expected or estimated timeline for the President, acting through the Secretary
delivery of such assistance or support.
of Defense and the Secretary of State and in
(2) A description of such other matters as
consultation with the heads of
the Secretary considers appropriate.
Departments and agencies as
SEC. 1299C. STRATEGY ON IMET PROGRAMMING
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
the Government of Ukraine
should fully utilize the United States IMET
encourage eligible officers and ci-
vilian leaders to participate in the training,
appropriate committees of Congress
strategy to support Ukraine in protecting its
aerospace and defense industry from preda-
ELEMENTS.—The
under paragraph
tions of prominence in the Ukrainian Armed
(b) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State shall submit to the
strategy for the implementation of the IMPT
program in Ukraine authorized under section
November 4, 2021
port, share best practices, maintain reform
momentum, and protect reforms from cap-
(B) supporting regional training of United
States Embassy personal responsible for sup-
porting anti-corruption and the rule of law
to improve their effectiveness in supporting
the consolidation and expansion of reform;
(4) to respond to the humanitarian crises
caused or aggravated by the invasion and oc-
cupation of Ukraine by the Russian Federa-
tion, including by supporting internally dis-
placed persons and communities in conflict-
affected areas;
(5) to improve participatory
processes in Ukraine, including through—
Verkhovna Rada;
legal education, political transparency and
under subsection (a) shall include the fol-
developed in close con
sultation with the Ukrainian Ministry of De-
fense and the Armed Forces of Ukraine, for
how the IMET program will be used by the
United States Government and the Govern-
uates to positions of prominence in support
of the Ukrainian military's reform efforts in
tegic competitors,
such as the PRC,
Ukraine's aerospace and defense sector and
Ukraine, the United States, and other NATO
assessment of the vulnerabilities
strategic competitors
States exploit to acquire strategic assets in
the Ukrainian aerospace and defense sector,
progress in addressing them, and
United States initiatives to support these ef-
Ukraine's investment screening and national
(C) An assessment of Ukraine's efforts to
make reforms necessary to incentivize West-
ern investment in Ukraine's aerospace and
defense sector and United States support for
training requirements of the Ukrainian mili-
and clear recommendations for how
IMET graduates should be assigned by the
Ukrainian Ministry of Defense upon comple-
tion of education or training.
(3) An accounting of the current combat
requirements of the Ukrainian military and
an assessment of the viability of alternative
distributed learning,
and other flexible solutions to reach such
(4) An identification of opportunities to in-
through attendance at United States staff
and war colleges, junior leader development
programs, and technical schools.
required under
subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-
(i) promote, as appropriate, United States
direct investment in Ukraine's aerospace and
(ii) better leverage tools like debt financ-
ing, equity investments, and political risk
insurance to incentivize greater participa-
tion by United States firms;
(iil) provide an alternative to PRC invest-
(iv) engage like-minded allies and partners
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in classified
(C) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS
-In this section, the term
priate committees of Congress" means-
and the Committee on Armed Services of the
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
(C) supporting the development of profes-
sional legislative staff to advise and assist
member of the Verkhovna Rada and commit-
of their duties and
build legal and policy expertise within the
(6) to further build the capacity of civil so-
ciety, independent media, human rights, and
organizations
Ukraine, with an emphasis on
(A) building capacity outside of Kyiv; and
(B) regional civil society training and ex-
SEC. 1299G. DETERMINATION OF WHETHER NORD
STREAM 2 AG AND ASSOCIATED CON-
TERIA FOR IMPOSITION OF SANC-
ROPE'S ENERGY SECURITY ACT OF
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 15 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the President shall submit to Congress a re-
port that includes the following:
the President
with respect to whether Nord Stream 2 AG
meets the criteria for the imposition of sanc-
tions under the Protecting Europe's Energy
determination
of the President
with respect to whether the following vessels
and entities meet the criteria for the imposi-
tion of sanctions under the Protecting Eu-
rope's Energy Security Act of 2019:
SEC. 1299D. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON LOAN PRO-
It is the sense of Congress that—
(1) as appropriate, the United States Gov-
Ukraine for the procurement of defense arti-
cles, defense services, and design and con-
struction services pursuant to the authority
of section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act
(22 U.S.C. 2763) to support the further devel-
opment of Ukraine's military forces; and
(2) such loans should be considered an addi-
tive security assistance tool, and not a sub-
grant assistance or Ukraine Security Assist-
ance Initiative programming.
SEC. 1299E. STRATEGY TO PROTECT UKRAINE'S
Congress that the United States should work
with the Government of Ukraine to ensure
strategic assets and companies in Ukraine's
aerospace and defense sector are not subject
to foreign ownership, control, or undue influ-
ence by strategic competitors to the United
China (PRC). These efforts will require sup-
port from across the Executive Branch and
should leverage all available tools and
(b) STRATEGY REQUIRED.
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
SBC. 1299F TANS.
_AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA
(a) IN GENERAL.—There is authorized to be
appropriated to
the Department of State
$50,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2022
through 2026 for the purposes described in
subsection (b) with respect to Ukraine.
subsection (a) may only
(1) to strengthen Ukraine's cyber security,
cyber resilience and intellectual property en-
provide support and training in
(A) sectoral reforms related to banking and
public finance management reform:
(B) the privatization of state-owned enter-
(C) regulatory independence;
(D) subsidy reform;
(E) land reform;
(F) corporate governance; and
(G) foreign investment screening;
(3) to combat corruption, improve the rule
pendent legal institutions, including by
(D) Yuri Topchev.
(H) Vladislav Strizhov.
Ministry officials, law enforcement officers,
and prosecutors to build peer sup-
(N) Baltiyskiy Issledovatel.
(O) Artemis Offshore.
(Q) Russian Maritime Register of Shipping.
(R) LLC Insurance Company Constanta.
(S) TUV Austria Holding AG.
(3) A detailed explanation for each deter-
mination made under paragraph (1) or (2), in-
cluding with respect to any determination
that the criteria for the imposition of sanc-
tions under the Protecting Europe's Energy
Security Act of 2019 were not met with re-
(b) DEFINITION.-In this section, the term
'Protecting Europe's Energy Security Act of
2019" means the Protecting Europe's Energy
Act of 2019 (title LXXV of Public
Law 116-92; 22 U.S.C. 9526 note), as amended
section 1242 of the William M. (Mac)

===== PAGE 122 =====
{"alpha_words": 1017, "chars": 7035, "method": "ocr", "page": 122, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
Thornberry National Defense Authorization
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116-283).
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
which was ordered to lie on the table;
In this subtitle, the term 'appropriate con-
gressional committees" means
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations
and the Committee on Appropriations of the
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
the Committee on Appropriations of
SA 4418. Mr. RISCH submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, ada
SEC. 1253. DEPARTMENT OF STATE REPORT ON
At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add
844. SMALL BUSINESS LOANS FOR NON-
PROFIT CHILD CARE PROVIDERS.
Section 3(a) of the Small Business Act (15
632(a)) is amended by adding at the
"(10) NONPROFIT CHILD CARE PROVIDERS.—
"(A) DEFINITION.-In this paragraph,
term 'covered nonprofit child care provider'
"(I) is in compliance with licensing
State in which the organization is located;
"(II) is described in section 501(c)(3) of the
from tax under section 501(a) of such Code;
'III) is primarily
child care for children from birth to compul-
"(ii) for which each employee and regular
volunteer complies with the criminal back-
658H(b) of the Child Care and Development
Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858f(b));
"(I) provide care for school-age children
of school hours or
outside of the
(5) EXECUTIVE AGENT.—The term 'Execu-
means the Executive Agent of
the United States Cyber Command.
(6) SIGNIFICANT INCIDENT.—The term
(A) means an incident or a group of related
incidents that results, or is likely to result,
(i) the national security interests, foreign
relations, or economy of the United States;
(ii) the public confidence, civil liberties, or
public health and safety of the people of the
(B) does not include an incident or a por-
tion of a group of related incidents that oc-
(i) a national security system, as defined in
section 3552 of title 44, United States Code;
paragraph (2) or (3) of section 3553(e) of title
(7) TEMPORARY POSITION.—The term "tem-
porary position"
competitive or excepted service for a period
formed services" has the meaning given the
term in section 2101 of title 5, United States
(b) PILOT PROJECT.—There is established a
(a) ANNUAL REPORT.—Not later than Janu-
ary 31 of each year through January 31, 2027,
the Secretary of State shall submit to the
appropriate congressional committees a re-
United Nations peacekeeping efforts.
subsection (a) shall include an assessment of
the People Republic of China's contributions
to United Nations peacekeeping missions, in-
ELIGIBILITY FOR LOAN PROGRAMS.-
Notwithstanding any other provision of this
a covered nonprofit child care
provider shall be deemed to be a small busi-
ness concern for purposes of any program
under this Act or the Small Business Invest-
ment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 661 et seq.) under
(1) a detailed list of the placement of Peo-
ple Republic of China's peacekeeping troops;
(2) an estimate of the amount of money
that the People's Republic of China receives
from the United Nations for its peacekeeping
'(i) the Administrator may make loans to
timely payment of loans to small business
(3) an estimate of the portion of the money
the People's Republic of China receives for
its peacekeeping operations and troops that
comes from United States contributions
United Nations peacekeeping efforts;
(4) an analysis comparing the locations of
China's peacekeeping
troops and the locations of "One Belt, One
Road" projects; and
(5) an assessment of the number of Chinese
United Nations peacekeepers who are part of
"(iii) the recipient of a loan made or guar-
Administrator
loans to small business concerns."
SA 4420. Ms. ROSEN (for herself and
Mrs. BLACKBURN) submitted an amend-
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
sions, branches, and theater commands.
(C) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy,
to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
and insert the fol
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the lowing:
SEC. 1109. CIVILIAN CYBERSECURITY RESERVES
PILOT PROJECT.
SA 4419. Ms. ROSEN (for herself, Ms.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
ERNST, Ms. DuckwortH, and Mr. RUBIO)
submitted an amendment intended to
the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-
be proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
(2) COMPETITIVE SERVICE.—The term 'com-
petitive service" has the meaning given the
term in section 2102 of title 5, United States
(3) DIRECTOR.—The term "Director" means
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
cepted service' has the meaning given the
term in section 2103 of title 5, United States
fiscal year, and for other purposes;
with the Chief Information Officer of the De-
partment of Defense, shall establish a Civil-
States Cyber Command in accordance with
subsection (c); and
(2) the Director may establish a Civilian
Cybersecurity Reserve at the Agency in ac-
cordance with subsection (d).
(C) CIVILIAN CYBERSECURITY RESERVE AT
THE UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND.—
(1) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection:
TEES.
"appropriate congressional
Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate;
(ii) the Committee on Armed Services of
(iii) the Committee on Appropriations of
(iv) the Committee on Homeland Security
of the House of Representatives;
(v) the Committee on Armed Services of
the House of Representatives; and
(vi) the Committee on Appropriations of
the House of Representatives.
(B) CIVILIAN CYBERSECURITY RESERVE.—The
Cybersecurity
means the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve at
States Cyber Command estab-
lished under subsection (b)(1).
PROJECT.—The
project" means the pilot project established
by subsection (b) with respect to the United
(2) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the Civilian
United States Cyber Command to effectively
respond to significant incidents.
with section 4703 of title 5,
Code, in carrying out the pilot project,
Executive Agent may, without further au-
Management, provide for alternative meth-
qualifications
ments for, recruitment of, and appointment
APPOINTMENTS.—Under
project, upon occurrence of a significant in-
cident, the Executive Agent—

===== PAGE 123 =====
{"alpha_words": 1139, "chars": 7926, "method": "ocr", "page": 123, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(A) may activate members of the Civilian
(i) noncompetitively appointing members
of the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve to
temporary positions in the competitive serv-
(ii) appointing members of the Civilian Cy-
bersecurity Reserve to temporary positions
(B) shall notify Congress whenever a mem-
ber is activated under subparagraph (A); and
(C) may appoint not more than 50 members
to the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve under
subparagraph (A) at any time.
(5) STATUS AS EMPLOYEES.-
appointed under paragraph (4) shall be con-
under section 2105 of title 5, United States
ADDITIONAL EMPLOYEES.—Individuals
appointed under paragraph (4) shall be in ad-
dition to any employees of the United States
Cyber Command who provide cybersecurity
(7) EMPLOYMENT PROTECTIONS.—The Sec-
retary of Labor shall prescribe such regula-
tions as necessary to ensure the reemploy-
ment, continuation of benefits, and non-dis-
crimination in reemployment of individuals
appointed under paragraph (4), provided that
imum, those rights and obligations set forth
under chapter 43 of title 38,
(8) STATUS IN RESERVE.—During the period
beginning on the date on which an individual
is recruited by the United States Cyber Com-
mand to serve in the Civilian Cybersecurity
Reserve and ending on the date on which the
individual is appointed under paragraph (4),
and during any period in between any such
the individual
considered a Federal employee.
(9) ELIGIBILITY; APPLICATION AND SELEC-
(A) IN GENERAL.—Under the pilot project,
the Executive Agent shall establish criteria
(i) individuals to be eligible for the Civil-
ian Cybersecurity Reserve; and
(ii) the application and selection processes
for the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(F) PROHIBITION.—Any individual who is an
employee of the executive branch may not be
recruited or appointed to serve in the Civil-
November 4, 2021
briefing on activities carried out under the
(i) participation in the Civilian Cybersecu-
rity Reserve, including the number of par-
the diversity of participants, and
any barriers to recruitment or retention of
evaluation of the ethical require-
(A)(1) with respect to an individual shall in-
(1) if the individual has previously served
as a member of the Civilian Cybersecurity
ended not less than 60 days before the indi-
vidual may be appointed for a subsequent
temporary position in the Civilian Cyberse-
shall ensure that all members of the Civilian
priate personnel vetting and adjudication
commensurate with the duties of the posi-
tion, including a determination of eligibility
Reserve has been effective in providing addi-
to classified information where a
tional capacity to the United States Cyber
security clearance is necessary, according to
Command during significant incidents; and
applicable policy and authorities.
(iv) an evaluation of the eligibility require-
(B) COST OF SPONSORING CLEARANCES.—If a
ments for the pilot project.
member of the Civilian Cybersecurity Re-
(B) REPORT.—Not earlier than 180 days and
serve requires a security clearance in order
not later than 90 days before
to carry out the duties of the member, the
Cyber Command shall be re-
subsection (e), the Executive Agent shall
sponsible for the cost of sponsoring the secu-
rity clearance of the member.
(11) STUDY AND IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—
(A) STUDY.—Not later than 60 days after
the date on which the Principal Cyber Advi-
committees a report and provide a briefing
recommendations relating
project, including recommendations for-
the pilot project should be
sor to the Secretary of Defense, in conjunc-
tion with the Under Secretary for Personnel
and Readiness of the Department of Defense
and the Principal Cyber Advisors of the mili-
tary services, submits the evaluation of re-
operations for the Department
required by section 1730(a) of the William M.
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law
the Executive Agent shall begin a
study on the design and implementation of
the pilot project required under subsection
(i) compensation and benefits for members
of the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve;
that members may
take as part of their duties;
(iii) methods for identifying and recruiting
tional qualifications requirements
(iv) methods for preventing conflicts of in-
terest or other ethical concerns as a result of
participation in the pilot project and details
of mitigation efforts to address any conflict
(v) resources, including additional funding,
needed to carry out the pilot project;
(vi) possible penalties for individuals who
do not respond to activation when called, in
accordance with the rights and procedures
set forth under title 5, Code of Federal Regu-
(vii) processes and requirements for train-
ing and onboarding members.
(B) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Not later than
under subparagraph (A), the Executive Agent
(i) submit to the appropriate congressional
committees an implementation plan for the
the appropriate
sional committees a briefing on the imple-
lished as a permanent program, and if so, an
appropriate scope for the program;
(ii) how to attract participants,
of participants,
barriers to recruitment or retention of mem-
bers of the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve;
(iii) the ethical requirements of the pilot
project and the effectiveness
efforts to address any conflict of interest
(iv) an evaluation of the eligibility require-
years after the Civilian Cybersecurity Re-
serve is established under subsection (b)(1),
the Comptroller General of the United States
(A) conduct a study evaluating the pilot
(B) submit to Congress—
(i) a report on the results of the study; and
whether the pilot project should be modified.
(d) CIVILIAN CYBERSECURITY
THE CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SE-
CURITY AGENCY.-
(1) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection:
(A) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL
TEES.—The term "appropriate congressional
(i) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate;
(ii) the Committee on
Appropriations of
(iii) the Committee on Homeland Security
of the House of Representatives;
(iv) the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives; and
(v) the Committee on Appropriations of the
(B) CIVILIAN CYBERSECURITY RESERVE.—The
means the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve at
(C) PRESCREENING.—The Executive Agent
(i) conduct a prescreening of each indi-
vidual prior to appointment under paragraph
(4) for any topic or product that would create
a conflict of interest; and
under paragraph (4) to notify the Executive
conflict of interest
arises during the appointment.
(D) AGREEMENT REQUIRED.-
may become a member of the Civilian Cyber-
security Reserve only if the individual enters
into an agreement with the Executive Agent
become such a member, which shall set
forth the rights and obligations of the indi-
vidual and the United States Cyber Com-
may not take any action to begin implemen-
tation of the pilot project until the Execu-
PILOT PROJECT.—The term
project" means the pilot project established
by subsection (b) with respect to the Agency.
(2) PURPOSE.—The purpose of a Civilian Cy-
bersecurity Reserve is to enable the Agency
effectively respond to significant inci-
SERVICE COMMITMENTS.—A member of the Se-
lected Reserve under section 10143 of title 10,
United States Code, may not be a member of
the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve.
12) PROJECT GUIDANCE.—Not later
two years after the date of the enactment of
this Act, the Executive Agent shall, in con-
sultation with the Office of Personnel Man-
agement and the Office of Government Eth-
guidance establishing and imple-
(13) BRIEFINGS AND REPORT.
than one year
after the date on which the Executive Agent
menting the pilot project under paragraph
(12), the Executive Agent shall provide to the
Code, in carrying out the pilot project,
Director may, without further authorization
from the Office of Personnel Management,
provide for alternative methods of—
ments for, recruitment of, and appointment

===== PAGE 124 =====
{"alpha_words": 1203, "chars": 8394, "method": "ocr", "page": 124, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
project, upon occurrence of a significant in-
cident, the Director-
(A) may activate members of the Civilian
(i) noncompetitively appointing members
of the Civilian Cybersecurity
temporary positions in the competitive serv-
(ii) appointing members of the Civilian Cy-
bersecurity Reserve to temporary positions
(B) shall notify Congress whenever a mem-
ber is activated under subparagraph (A); and
(C) may appoint not more than 30 members
to the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve under
subparagraph (A) at any time.
(5) STATUS AS EMPLOYEES.—An individual
appointed under paragraph (4) shall be con-
under section 2105 of title 5, United States
ADDITIONAL EMPLOYEES.—Individuals
appointed under paragraph (4) shall be in ad-
dition to any employees of the Agency who
provide cybersecurity services.
retary of Labor shall prescribe such regula-
tions as necessary to ensure the reemploy-
ment, continuation of benefits, and non-dis-
crimination in reemployment of individuals
appointed under paragraph (4), provided that
imum, those rights and obligations set forth
under chapter 43 of title 38, United States
(8) STATUS IN RESERVE.—During the period
beginning on the date on which an individual
is recruited by the Agency to serve in the Ci-
the date on which the individual is appointed
under paragraph (4), and during any period in
between any such appointments,
vidual shall not be considered a Federal em-
(9) ELIGIBILITY; APPLICATION AND
(A) IN GENERAL.—Under the pilot project,
the Director shall establish criteria for-
(i) individuals to be eligible for the Civil-
ian Cybersecurity Reserve; and
(ii) the application and selection processes
for the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(E) EXCEPTION FOR CONTINUING MILITARY (e), the Director shall provide to the appro-
SERVICE COMMITMENTS.—A member of the Se-
priate congressional committees a briefing
lected Reserve under section 10143 of title 10,
carried out under the pilot
United States Code, may not be a member of
project, including
the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve.
(i) participation in the Civilian Cybersecu-
(F) PRIORITY.—In appointing individuals to
rity Reserve, including the number of par-
Cybersecurity
ticipants, the diversity of participants, and
Agency shall prioritize the appointment of
any barriers to recruitment or retention of
individuals described in subclause (1) or (I1)
of subparagraph (B)(i) before considering in-
dividuals described in subclause (III) or (IV)
evaluation of the ethical require-
ments of the pilot project;
whether the Civilian Cybersecurity
Reserve has been effective in providing addi-
tional capacity to the Agency during signifi-
cant incidents; and
(iv) an evaluation of the eligibility require-
(B) REPORT.—Not earlier than 180 days and
not later than 90 days before the date on
subsection (e), the Director shall submit to
the appropriate congressional committees a
provide a briefing
ommendations relating to the pilot project,
including recommendations for-
the pilot project should be
modified, extended in duration, or estab-
lished as a permanent program, and if so, an
appropriate scope for the program;
(ii) how to attract participants,
diversity of participants, and address any
barriers to recruitment or retention of mem-
bers of the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve;
(iii) the ethical requirements of the pilot
project and the effectiveness
address any conflict of interest
(iv) an evaluation of the eligibility require-
(A)(i) with respect to an individual shall in-
(II) within the uniformed services;
(III) as a Federal contractor within the ex-
(IV) by a State, local, Tribal, or territorial
(ii) if the individual has previously served
as a member of the Civilian Cybersecurity
ended not less than 60 days before the indi-
may be appointed for a subsequent
temporary position in the Civilian Cyberse-
curity Reserve; and
(iii) cybersecurity expertise.
(C) PRESCREENING.—The Director shall-
(i) conduct a prescreening
vidual prior to appointment under paragraph
(4) for any topic or product that would create
a conflict of interest; and
under paragraph (4) to notify the Director if
a potential conflict of interest arises during
the appointment.
AGREEMENT REQUIRED.—An individual
may become a member of the Civilian Cyber-
security Reserve only if the individual enters
into an agreement with the Director to be-
come such a member, which shall set forth
the rights and obligations of the individual
employee of the executive branch may not be
recruited or appointed to serve in the Civil-
(10) SECURITY CLEARANCES.-
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Director shall ensure
that all members of the Civilian Cybersecu-
rity Reserve undergo the appropriate per-
sonnel vetting and adjudication commensu-
rate with the duties of the position, includ-
ing a determination of eligibility for access
classified information where
clearance is necessary, according to applica-
(B) COST OF SPONSORING CLEARANCES.—If a
member of the Civilian Cybersecurity Re-
serve requires a security clearance in order
to carry out the duties of the member, the
Agency shall be responsible for the cost of
sponsoring the security
(11) STUDY AND IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.-
(A) STUDY.—Not later than 60 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
Director shall begin a study on the design
and implementation of the pilot project, in-
(i) compensation and benefits for members
of the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve;
that members
take as part of their duties;
(iii) methods for identifying and recruiting
tional qualifications requirements
(iv) methods for preventing conflicts of in-
terest or other ethical concerns as a result of
participation in the pilot project and details
of mitigation efforts to address any conflict
(v) resources, including additional funding,
needed to carry out the pilot project;
(vi) possible penalties for individuals who
do not respond to activation when called, in
accordance with the rights and procedures
set forth under title 5, Code of Federal Regu-
(vii) processes and requirements for train-
ing and onboarding members.
one year after beginning the study required
under subparagraph (A), the Director shall-
(i) submit to the appropriate congressional
committees an implementation plan for the
the appropriate
sional committees a briefing on the imple-
(C) PROHIBITION.—The Director may
take any action to begin implementation of
the pilot project until the Director fulfills
the requirements under subparagraph (B).
(12) PROJECT GUIDANCE.—If the Director es-
tablishes the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve,
not later than two years after the date of the
enactment of this Act, the Director shall, in
Management and the Office of Government
issue guidance establishing and im-
plementing the pilot project.
(13) BRIEFINGS AND REPORT.
on which the Director issues
guidance establishing and implementing the
pilot project under paragraph (12), and every
year thereafter until the date on which the
pilot project terminates under
years after the Civilian Cybersecurity Re-
serve is established under subsection (b)(2),
the Comptroller General of the United States
(A) conduct a study evaluating the pilot
(i) a report on the results of the study; and
recommendation
whether the pilot project should be modified,
extended in duration, or established as a per-
The pilot project established
by subsection (b) shall terminate on the date
that is four years after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act.
-No additional funds are
authorized to be appropriated for the purpose
of carrying out this section.
(2) EXISTING AUTHORIZED AMOUNTS.—Funds
to carry out this section may, as provided in
from amounts authorized to be appropriated
with respect to the
Civilian Cybersecurity
Reserve at the United States Cyber Com-
mand established under subsection (b)(1); and
(B) the Agency, with respect to the Civil-
ian Cybersecurity Reserve at the Agency es-
tablished under subsection (b)(2).
SA 4421. Mr. PETERS (for himself,
Mr. PORTMAN, Mr. Warner, and Mrs.
BLACKBURN) submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to amendment
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
4350, to authorize appropriations
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy,
strengths for such fiscal year, and for

===== PAGE 125 =====
{"alpha_words": 1139, "chars": 7963, "method": "ocr", "page": 125, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7932
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
other purposes; which was ordered to nized in the United States (referred to in this
lie on the table; as follows:
'corporation', is a
At the appropriate place,
insert the fol-
chartered corporation.
lowing:
8150402. Purposes
SEC.
CLARIFICATION FOR UPSTREAM
MANUFACTURERS.
'The purposes of the corporation are those
stated in the articles of incorporation, con-
(a) DEFINITIONS.—Section 9901(2) of the Wil-
stitution, and bylaws of the corporation, and
liam M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (15
U.S.C. 4651(2)) is amended-
(1) by inserting
research and development'; and
"of semiconductors."
inserting "of semiconductors, materials used
to manufacture semiconductors, or semicon-
ductor manufacturing equipment."
SEMICONDUCTOR
9902(a) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2021 (15 U.S.C. 4652(a)) is amended
(1) in paragraph (1)-
(A) by striking 'for semiconductor fabrica-
tion" and inserting "for the fabrication";
"production," before
research and development"; and
inserting "of semiconductors, materials used
to manufacture semiconductors, or semicon-
ductor manufacturing equipment."; and
(2) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking
for semiconductors" and inserting "used for
the purposes"
'(1) to uphold and defend the Constitution
United States
sovereignty of the American Indian Nations;
'(2) to unite under one body all American
who served in the Armed
Forces of United States;
advocate on behalf of all
American Indian veterans without regard to
whether they served during times of peace,
conflict, or war;
"(4) to promote social welfare (including
educational, economic, social, physical, and
values and traditional healing) in
the United States by encouraging the growth
and development, readjustment, self-respect,
selí-confidence, contributions,
tity of American Indian veterans;
"(5) to serve as an advocate for the needs
of American Indian veterans and their fami-
lies and survivors in their dealings with all
Federal and State government agencies;
"(6) to promote,
search, on a nonpartisan basis, pertaining to
INHOFE for
ROUNDs (for himself, Mr. LUJÁN,
THUNE, Mr. RUBIO, Mr. SULLIVAN,
INHOFE, Mr. CRAMER, Mr. DAINES,
CASSIDY, Mr. Moran, Mr. KELLY,
SINEMA)) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
4350, to authorize appropriations for
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy,
strengths for such fiscal year, and for
other purposes; which was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
RECOGNITION AS CORPORATION
AND GRANT OF FEDERAL CHARTER
(a) IN GENERAL.—Part B of subtitle II of
title 36, United States Code, is amended by
inserting after chapter 1503 the following:
"CHAPTER 1504—NATIONAL AMERICAN
INDIAN VETERANS, INCORPORATED
''150403. Membership.
'150405. Officers.
veterans and American society; and
"(7) to provide technical assistance to the
Bureau of Indian Affairs regional areas that
are not served by any veterans committee or
organization or program by-
'(A) providing outreach service to Indian
and educating Tribal Vet-
Service Officers for Indian Tribes in
8150403. Membership
"Subject to section 150406, eligibility for
rights and privileges of members, shall be as
provided in the constitution
and bylaws of
"§ 150404. Board of directors
"Subject to section 150406, the board of di-
rectors of the corporation,
and the respon-
sibilities of the board, shall be as provided in
the constitution and bylaws of the corpora-
tion and in conformity with the laws under
which the corporation is incorporated.
8150405. Officers
"Subject to section 150406, the officers of
the corporation, and the election of such of-
ficers, shall be as provided in the constitu-
tion and bylaws of the corporation and in
conformity with the laws of the jurisdiction
under which the corporation is incorporated.
'S 150406. Nondiscrimination
'In establishing the conditions of member-
ship in the corporation, and in determining
the requirements for serving on the board of
directors or as an officer of the corporation,
the corporation may not discriminate on the
basis of race, color, religion, sex, national or-
November 4, 2021
'(b) EFFECT.—Nothing in
interferes or conflicts with any established
'(a) STOCK AND DIVIDENDS.—The corpora-
'(1) issue any shares of stock; or
'(2) declare or pay any dividends.
'(b) DISTRIBUTION OF INCOME OR ASSETS.—
'(1) IN GENERAL.—The income or assets of
the corporation may not-
"(A) inure to any person who is a member,
officer, or director of the corporation; or
'(B) be distributed to any such person dur-
ing the life of the charter granted by
'(2) EFFECT.—Nothing in this subsection
payment of reasonable
pensation to the officers of the corporation,
or reimbursement for actual and necessary
expenses, in amounts approved by the board
LOANS.—The corporation may
make any loan to any officer, director, mem-
ber, or employee of the corporation.
'(d) NO FEDERAL ENDORSEMENT.—The cor-
poration may not claim congressional ap-
proval or Federal Government authority by
virtue of the charter granted by this chapter
for any of the activities of the corporation.
"§ 150410. Duty to maintain tax-exempt status
"The corporation shall maintain its status
an organization exempt from
under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
"§ 150411. Records and inspection
'(1) correct and complete books and
records of accounts;
'(2) minutes of any proceeding of the cor-
poration involving any of member of the cor-
poration, the board of directors,
mittee having authority under the board of
"(3) at the principal office of the corpora-
tion, a record of the names and addresses of
all members of the corporation having the
Exclusive right to name, seals, em-
'150410. Duty to maintain tax-exempt status.
''150411. Records and inspection.
"150412. Service of process.
'150413.
Liability for acts of officers and
agents.
'150414. Failure
to comply with require-
ments.
'150415. Annual report.
§ 150401 Organization
"The National American Indian Veterans,
Incorporated, a nonprofit corporation orga-
"The corporation shall have only those
powers granted the corporation
articles of incorporation, constitution, and
bylaws, which shall conform to the laws of
the jurisdiction under which the corporation
is incorporated.
"§ 150408. Exclusive right to name, seals, em-
blems, and badges
"(a)
IN GENERAL.—The corporation shall
have the sole and exclusive right to use the
names 'National American Indian Veterans,
Incorporated' and 'National American Indian
Veterans', and
such seals, emblems, and
'(1) IN GENERAL.—All books and records of
member having the right to vote, or by any
agent or attorney of such a member, for any
proper purpose, at any reasonable time.
'(2) EFFECT.—Nothing in this section con-
laws of the jurisdiction under
which the corporation is incorporated; or
'(B) the laws of those jurisdictions within
the United States and its territories within
which the corporation carries out activities
in furtherance of the purposes of the cor-
"§ 150412. Service of process
corporation shall comply with the laws of—
'(1) the jurisdiction under which the cor-
poration is incorporated; and
'(2) those jurisdictions within the United
States and its territories within which the
corporation carries out activities in further-
ance of the purposes of the corporation.
"§ 150413. Liability for acts of officers and
agents
"The corporation shall be liable for the
acts of the officers and agents of the corpora-
tion acting within the scope of their author-
ity.
"§ 150414. Failure to comply with require-
ments
"If the corporation fails to comply with
any of the requirements of this chapter, in-
cluding the requirement under section 150410

===== PAGE 126 =====
{"alpha_words": 1207, "chars": 8202, "method": "ocr", "page": 126, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
to maintain its status as an organization ex-
empt from taxation, the charter granted by
this chapter shall expire.
"8 150415. Annual report
'(a) IN
GENERAL.-
-The corporation shall
submit to Congress an annual report describ-
ing the activities of the corporation during
the preceding fiscal year.
'(b) SUBMITTAL DATE.-
Each annual report
under this section shall be submitted at the
same time as the report of the audit of the
corporation required by section 10101(b).
'(C) REPORT NOT PUBLIC
DOCUMENT.—No
annual report under this section shall be
printed as a public document.".
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.-
-The table of
chapters for subtitle II of title 36,
United
States Code, is amended by inserting after
the
item relating to chapter 1503 the
lowing:
'1504.
Veterans, Incorporated
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy,
to
prescribe
military
personnel
strengths tor such fiscal year, and Ior
other purposes; which was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
At the
appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing:
SEC.
PAYMENT OF PAY AND ALLOW-
ANCES OF CERTAIN OFFICERS FROM
APPROPRIATION
Section 36 of the Act of August 10, 1956 (70A
Corps of Engineers of the Army, and reserve
officers of the Army who are assigned to the
Corps of Engineers," and inserting the fol-
S7933
including
employment
in Afghanistan
funded by
the
United
States Government
through a cooperative agreement, grant,
or
nongovernmental
organization,
provided
that the Chief of Mission
or delegated De-
partment of State
designee
based on a recommendation from the Federal
agency
or organization authorizing
funding,
that such alien contributed to the
United States mission in Afghanistan".
SA 4426. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XXXI, ada
• DEFENSE CRITICAL ELECTRIC IN
FRASTRUCTURE SECURITY.
Section 215A of the Federal Power Act (16
in subsection (b)"; and
ROUNDs (for himself and Mr. MANCHIN))
(2) by adding at the end the following:
amendment intended to
"(b) PERSONNEL DESCRIBED.—The personnel
be proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
referred to in subsection (a) are the fol-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be lowing:
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
'(1) Regular officers of the Corps of Engi-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
"(2) The following members of the Army
who are assigned to the Corps of Engineers:
''(A) Reserve component officers.
'(B) Warrant officers (whether regular or
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
'(C) Enlisted members (whether regular or
fiscal year, and for other purposes;
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the appropriate place in title IX, insert
MODIFICATION OF POSITION OF
(a) DESIGNATION OF PRINCIPAL CYBER ADVI-
SOR.—Paragraph (1) of section 932(c) of the
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2014 (Public Law 113-66; 10 U.S.C.
2224 note) is amended to read as follows:
'(1) DESIGNATION.—(A) The Secretary shall
designate, from among the personnel of the
Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for
Policy, a Principal Cyber Advisor to act as
advisor to the Secretary on
military cyber forces and activities.
"(B) The Secretary may only designate an
official under this paragraph if such official
was appointed to the position in which such
official serves by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate."
SA 4425. Mr. REED (for himself, Mr.
SuLLIvaN, Mr. SASSE, Ms. ERNsT, Mrs.
SHaHEeN, Ms. HIRONO, and Mr. ROMNEY)
submitted an amendment intended to
be proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add
SEC. 1216. SPECIAL IMMIGRANT STATUS FOR NA-
PLOYED THROUGH A COOPERATIVE
CYBER ADVISOR.—Section 905(a)(1) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal
Year 2020 (Public Law 116-92; 10 U.S.C. 391
note) is amended by striking 'Secretary of
Defense" and inserting 'Under Secretary of
Defense for Policy"
(C) BRIEFING.—Not later than 90 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act,
the
Deputy Secretary of Defense shall brief the
Committee on Armed Services of the Senate
and the Committee on Armed Services of the
House
of
Representatives
on
such
rec-
ommendations as the Deputy Secretary may
have for alternate reporting structures for
the Principal Cyber Advisor and the Deputy
Principal Cyber Advisor within the Office of
the Secretary of Defense.
SA 4424. Mr.
INHOFE
(for Mr.
ROUNDS (for himself, Mr. MANCHIN, and
Mr. KING)) submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to amendment
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
tended to be proposed to
the bill H.R.
4350, to authorize
appropriations for
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that-
(1) the
United States
recognizes
the
im-
mense contributions of the nationals of Af-
ghanistan who worked,
through cooperative
agreements, grants,
and
nongovernmental
organizations in Afghanistan, in support of
the United States mission to advance
the
causes of democracy, human rights, and the
rule of law in Afghanistan;
(2) due to the close association of such na-
tionals
of
Afghanistan
with
the
United
States, their lives are at risk; and
(3) such nationals of Afghanistan should be
provided
with
special
immigrant
status
under the Afghan Allies and Protection Act
of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note; Public Law 111-8).
(b)
SPECIAL
IMMIGRANT
STATUS.-
Section
602(b)(2)(A)(ii)(I) of the Afghan Allies Protec-
tion Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C.
1101 note; Public
Law 111-8) is amended by
inserting after
"United States Government" the following:
(A) in paragraph (4), by striking "of the 48
contiguous States or the District of Colum-
bia" and inserting
"State';
(B) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-
graph (9); and
(C) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
'(8) RESILIENCE.—The term 'resilience' has
the meaning
1304A(j) of the Energy Independence and Se-
curity Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17384a(j)).";
ceding paragraph (1), by striking "the 48 con-
tiguous States and the District of Columbia"
and inserting 'any State'; and
(3) by adding at the end the following:
VULNERABILITIES.—The Secretary
the extent that funds are made available for
such purposes in advance in appropriations
agreements with external providers of elec-
'(1) to improve the resilience of defense
critical electric infrastructure; and
'(2) to reduce the vulnerability of critical
section (c) to the disruption of the supply of
electric energy to those facilities.".
SA 4427. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed by
him to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize
appropriations for fiscal year 2022 for
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XXXI, ada
the following:
SEC. 3157.
UNIVERSITY-BASED NUCLEAR
NON-
PROLIFERATION
COLLABORATION
PROGRAM.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Title XLIII of the Atomic
Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2565 et seq.) is
amended by adding at the end the following
new section:
"SEC. 4312. UNIVERSITY-BASED NUCLEAR
NON-
PROLIFERATION
COLLABORATION
PROGRAM.
'(a) PROGRAM.—The Administrator shall—

===== PAGE 127 =====
{"alpha_words": 1176, "chars": 8204, "method": "ocr", "page": 127, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"(1) establish a program to develop a pol-
icy research consortium of institutions of
education and nonprofit
support of implementing and innovating the
defense nuclear nonproliferation programs of
program in a manner
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(1) is owned by the sponsor of a primary
(2) as of the date of enactment of this Act,
was over 60 years of age; and
fiscal year 2019, handled over 300,000
"(b) PURPOSES.—The purposes of the con-
sortium established under subsection (a) are
'(1) To inform the formulation and appli-
cation of policy through the conduct of re-
clear nonproliferation programs.
'(2) To maintain open-source databases on
issues relevant to understanding defense nu-
clear nonproliferation, arms control, and nu-
'(3) To facilitate the collaboration of re-
search centers of excellence relating to de-
fense nuclear nonproliferation to better dis-
tribute expertise to specific issues and sce-
regarding relating
to nuclear non-
proliferation, arms control, and nuclear se-
'(1) SUPPORT.—The Administrator
under subsection (a) provides support to indi-
viduals described in paragraph (2) through
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
appropriate place, insert the fol-
• ASSISTANCE IN THE TRANSITION OF A
CERTAIN HOSPITAL TO A MEDICARE
RURAL EMERGENCY HOSPITAL.
(a) SPECIAL RULE.—In the case of a critical
1861(mm) of the Social
1395x(mm)) with a Centers for Medi-
care & Medicaid Services certification num-
ber of 371338, the following shall apply:
(1) Pursuant to the June 11, 2021, Centers
for Medicare & Medicaid Services letter sent
to the critical access hospital—
(A) the Secretary of Health and Human
Services (referred to in this section as the
"Secretary") shall suspend the running of
the twenty-four month extension mentioned
in the October 15, 2019, letter to the hospital
November 4, 2021
retary shall ensure that the proposed and
final rules required under paragraph (1) con-
tain a description of the additional informa-
1861(kkk)(4) of the Social Security Act (42
U.S.C. 1395x(kkk)(4)).
SA 4430. Mr. INHOFE submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in subtitle G of
title X, insert the following:
• EDUCATION PROGRAM TO SUPPORT
PRIMARY HEALTH SERVICE FOR UN-
research grants.
INDIVIDUALS DESCRIBED.—Individuals
described in this paragraph are graduate stu-
dents, academics, and policy specialists, who
are focused on policy innovation related to-
'(A) defense nuclear nonproliferation;
'(C) nuclear deterrence;
"(D) foreign nuclear programs;
'(E) nuclear safeguards and security; or
'(F) educating and training individuals in-
terested in the study of defense nuclear non-
(b) CLERICAL
contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act
is amended by inserting after the item relat-
ing to section 4311 the following new item:
"Sec. 4312. University-based
proliferation collaboration pro-
SA 4428. Mr. INHOFE submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
• GRANT ELIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN AIR
GENERAL.—Notwithstanding
other provision of law, the airport sponsor of
a covered project shall be eligible for a grant
under subchapter I of chapter 471 and sub-
chapter I of chapter 475 of title 49,
States Code, from any funds made available
by an Act of Congress for 'Grants-In-Aid for
Airports" for fiscal years 2022 and 2023.
PROJECTS DEFINED.-In sub-
repairing, or improving an air
(B) the hospital shall have 19.7 months
after the end of the COVID-19 public health
emergency to notify the Centers for Medi-
care & Medicaid Services of the hospital's in-
tent to either convert to an acute care hos-
to a rural emergency hos-
pital under section 1861(kkk) of the Social
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(kkk)) (if the
hospital qualifies as such), or terminate as a
critical access hospital.
(2) Prior to the end of the 19.7 months de-
scribed in paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary
shall not take an adverse redesignation ac-
tion with respect to the critical access hos-
pital status of the hospital as long as the
hospital continues to meet all of the require-
hospital other than the distance requirement
under section 1820(c)(2)(B)(i) of such Act (42
(3) If, prior to the end of the 19.7 months
described in paragraph (1)(B), the critical ac-
hospital notifies the Secretary
hospital's intention to transition to a rural
emergency hospital, the Secretary-
(A) shall give priority to the processing of
the request for such transition; and
(B) shall not take an adverse redesignation
action with respect to the critical access
hospital status of the hospital prior to the
(i) the end of the 19.7 months described in
paragraph (1)(B); or
(ii) the date the Secretary makes a final
determination with respect to such request.
(b) TIMELINE FOR REGULATIONS.-
(A) not later than July 1, 2022, promulgate
a proposed rule to carry out the provisions
of, and amendments made by, section 125 of
CC of the Consolidated Appropria-
tions Act, 2021 (Public Law 116-260); and
later than November 1,
mulgate a final rule to carry out such provi-
(1) Access to high quality primary care is
associated with improved health
and lower health care costs.
(2) Substantial disparities exist in the dis-
tribution of primary care providers.
(3) Shortages of health care providers af-
fect Tribal, rural, and medically underserved
communities more than the populations of
more densely populated areas, resulting in
health challenges and disparities.
(4) American Indian, Alaskan Natives, and
Native Hawaiians tend to have lower health
status, lower life expectancy, and dispropor-
tionate disease burden when compared to
other Americans.
(5) Having training experiences in, living
among, and being a member of Tribal, rural,
and medically underserved communities in-
creases cultural awareness and can influence
career choice for physicians to better serve
(6) Research shows there is a relationship
between the characteristics of a physician
and the eventual practice location, including
being part of an underrepresented minority
or growing up in a rural area.
(b) ESTABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM.—Part B of
title VII of the Public Health Service Act (42
U.S.C. 293 et seq.) is amended by adding at
EDUCATION PROGRAM TO SUPPORT
PRIMARY HEALTH SERVICE FOR UN-
'(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary, act-
ing through the Administrator of the Health
shall establish a grant program
grants to public institutions of higher edu-
cation located in a covered State to carry
out the activities described in subsection (d)
"(1) expanding and supporting education
for medical students who are preparing to
become physicians in a covered State; and
'(2) preparing and encouraging each such
student training in a covered State to serve
Tribal, rural, or medically underserved com-
munities as a primary care physician after
'(b) ELIGIBILITY.—In order to be eligible to
receive a grant under this section, a public
institution of higher education shall submit
an application to the Secretary
'(1) a certification that such institution
will use amounts provided to the institution
to carry out the activities described in sub-

===== PAGE 128 =====
{"alpha_words": 1164, "chars": 8036, "method": "ocr", "page": 128, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
"(2) a description of how such institution
will carry out such activities.
'(C) PRIORITY.—In awarding grants under
the Secretary
shall give pri-
ority to public institutions of higher edu-
"(1) are located in a State with not fewer
than 2 federally recognized Tribes; and
"(2) demonstrate a public-private partner-
'(d) AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES.—An eligible
entity that receives a grant under this sec-
tion shall use the funds made available under
such grant to carry out the following activi-
'(1) Support or expand community-based
experiential training for medical students
who will practice in or serve Tribal, rural,
and medically underserved communities.
"(2) Develop and operate programs to train
medical students in primary care services.
'(A) includes a defined set of clinical and
emphasize care for Tribal, rural, or medi-
cally underserved communities;
'(B) is applicable to primary care practice
'(C) identifies and addresses challenges to
health equity, including the needs of Tribal,
and medically underserved commu-
"(D) supports the use of telehealth tech-
health in care plan development;
"(F) integrates behavioral health care into
primary care practice, including prevention
and treatment of opioid disorders and other
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(g) MATCHING REQUIREMENT.—Each public
institution of higher education that receives
shall provide,
from non-Federal sources, an amount equal
than 10 percent of the total
amount of Federal funds provided to the in-
stitution each fiscal year during the period
of the grant (which may be provided in cash
S7935
"(h) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
"(1) COVERED STATE.—The term
State' means a State that is in the top quar-
tile of States by projected unmet demand for
primary care providers, as determined by the
TER.-The term
'Federally-qualified health
center' has the meaning given such term in
section 1905(1)(2)(B) of the Social Security
'(3) INDIAN HEALTH PROGRAM.—The term
'Indian health program'
has the meaning
such term in section 4 of the Indian
Health Care Improvement Act.
The term 'institution of higher education'
has the meaning given such term in section
101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965, pro-
vided that such institution is public in na-
community' has
(a) and making the certification described in
paragraph (2) of such
retary shall make such estimate available to
any licensee operating under the Order and
Authorization described in such subsection.
'(e) AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
TO SEEK RECOVERY OF COSTS.-
-The Secretary
may work directly with any licensee (or any
future assignee, successor, or purchaser) af-
scribed in subsection (a) to seek recovery of
costs incurred by the Department as a result
of the effect of such order and authorization.
"(f REIMBURSEMENT.—
'(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall es-
tablish and facilitate a process for any li-
censee (or any future assignee, successor, or
purchaser) subject to the Order and Author-
ization described in subsection (a) to provide
the extent provided in appropriation Acts,
for the covered costs and eligible reimburs-
able costs submitted and certified to the con-
defense committees under
'(2) USE OF FUNDS.—The Secretary
use any funds received under this subsection,
to the extent and in such
provided in advance in appropriation Acts,
for covered costs described in subsection (b)
and the range of eligible reimbursable costs
identified under subsection (a)(1).
'(3) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after
the date on which the Secretary establishes
the process required by paragraph (1),
Secretary shall submit to the congressional
defense committees a report on such process.
'(g) GOoD FAITH.—The execution of the re-
sponsibilities of this section by the Depart-
ment shall be considered to be good faith ac-
tions pursuant to paragraph 104 of the Order
and Authorization described in subsection
that supports a patient-centered model of
"(H) builds cultural and linguistic com-
'(4) Increase the capacity of faculty to im-
plement the curricula described in paragraph
'(5) Develop or expand strategic partner-
ships to improve health outcomes for indi-
viduals from Tribal, rural, and medically un-
derserved communities, including with-
colleges, and Tribal organizations;
"(B) Federally-qualified health centers;
'(D) Indian health programs;
"(E) primary care delivery sites and sys-
'(F) other community-based organizations.
'(6) Develop a plan to track graduates'
States in which such residency programs are
methods to improve recruitment and reten-
tion of medical students from Tribal, rural,
and medically underserved communities.
'(8) Train and support instructors to serve
Tribal, rural, and
'(9) Prepare medical students for transi-
and future practice.
"(10) Provide scholarships to medical stu-
section shall be awarded for a period of not
'(f) GRANT AMOUNT.—Each fiscal year, the
amount of a grant made to a public institu-
tion of higher education under this section
shall be in amount that is not less than
'rural health clinic' has the meaning given
such term in section 1861(aa) of the Social
RURAL POPULATION.—The term 'rural
population' means the population of a geo-
graphical area located-
"(A) in a non-metropolitan county; or
'(B) in a metropolitan county designated
as rural by the Administrator of the Health
Resources and Services Administration.
'(8) TRIBAL POPULATION.—The term 'Tribal
population' means the population of any In-
dian Tribe recognized by the Secretary of the
Interior pursuant to section 104 of the Feder-
ally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994.
"(i) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.-
There is authorized to be appropriated to
carry out this section $150,000,000 for each of
fiscal years 2023 through 2027.".
SA 4431. Mr. INHOFE submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle A of title XV, insert
SEC. 1516. MODIFICATION TO ESTIMATE OF DAM-
AGES FROM FEDERAL COMMUNICA-
TIONS COMMISSION ORDER 20-48.
Thornberry National Defense
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116-283)
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
subsequent fiscal year'
(2) by adding at the end the following new
'(d) DISTRIBUTION OF ESTIMATE.—As soon
as practicable after submitting an estimate
as described in paragraph (1) of subsection
SA 4432. Mr. INHOFE submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
SEC. 1064. EXPANSION OF PROPERTY OF DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE NOT ELIGIBLE
FOR SALE OR DONATION FOR LAW
STUDY ON USE OF SUCH AUTHORITY
TO SELL OR DONATE PROPERTY.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 2576a(e) of title
10, United States Code, is amended by adding
at the end the following new paragraphs:
'(5) Explosives.
'(6) Firearms of 0.5 caliber or greater and
ammunition of 0.5 caliber or greater.
comprised of lachrymatory agents, and anal-
ogous liquids, materials, or devices."
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director of the De-
fense Logistics Agency shall conduct a study
on the use by the Department of Defense of
the authority under section 2576a of title 10,
United States Code, and the administration
of such authority by the Law Enforcement
Support Office of the Department.
(2) ELEMENTS.—The study required under
paragraph (1) shall include-
(A) an analysis of the degree to which per-

===== PAGE 129 =====
{"alpha_words": 1249, "chars": 8552, "method": "ocr", "page": 129, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2576a of title 10, United States Code, has been
distributed equitably between larger,
resourced municipalities and units
municipalities and units of government; and
(B) an identification of potential modifica-
tions to the authority under such section to
ensure that property transferred under such
section is transferred in a manner that pro-
vides adequate opportunity for participation
by smaller, less well-resourced municipali-
ties and units of government.
(3) REPORT.—Not later than December 1,
2022, the Director of the Defense Logistics
Agency shall submit to the congressional de-
fense committees a report on the results of
the study conducted under paragraph (1).
SA 4433. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself
and Mr. CARDIN) submitted an amend-
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add
ECONOMIC DEFENSE RESPONSE
(a) PILOT PROGRAM.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the President, acting through the Sec-
retary of State, shall develop and implement
deployable economic defense response teams
to help provide emergency technical assist-
ance and support to a country subjected to
the threat or use of coercive economic meas-
ures and to play a liaison role between the
legitimate government of that country and
the United States Government. Such assist-
ance and support may include the following
(1) Reducing the partner country's vulner-
ability to coercive economic measures.
(2) Minimizing the damage that such meas-
ures by an adversary could cause to that
(3) Implementing any bilateral or multilat-
eral contingency plans that may exist for re-
sponding to the threat or use of such meas-
(4) In coordination with the partner coun-
try, developing or improving plans and strat-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(1) Identification and designation of rel-
personnel within the United
Government with expertise relevant to the
objectives specified in subsection (a), includ-
seeing the economic defense response team's
activities, engaging with the partner coun-
try government and other stakeholders, and
other purposes relevant to
success of the mission of the economic de-
Development,
providing technical, humanitarian, and other
Department of the Treasury, for
the purposes of providing advisory support
and assistance on all financial matters and
fiscal implications of the crisis at hand;
(D) the Department of Commerce,
purposes of providing economic analysis and
assistance in market development relevant
to the partner country's response to the cri-
sis at hand, technology security as appro-
priate, and other matters that may be rel-
(E) the Department of Energy, for the pur-
poses of providing advisory services and
technical assistance with respect to energy
needs as affected by the crisis at hand;
(F) the Department of Homeland Security,
for the purposes of providing assistance with
respect to digital and cybersecurity matters,
and assisting in the development of any con-
tingency plans referred to in paragraphs (3)
and (6) of subsection (a) as appropriate;
(G) the Department of Agriculture, for pro-
viding advisory and other assistance with re-
such as arbitrary market closures that affect
the partner country's agricultural sector;
(H) the Office of the United States Trade
support and guidance on trade and invest-
(I) other Federal departments and agencies
as determined by the President.
(2) Negotiation of memoranda of under-
United States Government components for
the provision of any relevant participating
or detailed non-Department of State per-
sonnel identified under paragraph (1).
priate, with private sector representatives or
other individuals with relevant expertise to
November 4, 2021
provide the Committee on Foreign Relations
of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign
Affairs of the House of Representatives with
a detailed report and briefing describing the
program, the personnel and institutions in-
volved, and the degree to which the program
incorporates the elements described in sub-
(2) FOLLOW-UP REPORT.—Not later than one
year after the report required by paragraph
(1), the Secretary of State shall provide the
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-
ate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of
the House of Representatives with a detailed
report and briefing describing the operations
over the previous year of the pilot program
well as the Secretary's assessment of its per-
formance and suitability for becoming a per-
-Each report required under this
subsection shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may include a classified annex.
(d) DECLARATION OF AN ECONOMIC CRISIS
(1) NOTIFICATION.—The President may acti-
vate an economic defense response team for
a period of 180 days under the authorities of
this section to assist a partner country in re-
sponding to an unusual and extraordinary
economic coercive threat by an adversary of
the United States upon the declaration of a
coercive economic emergency, together with
notification to the Committee on Foreign
Relations of the Senate and the Committee
on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-
(2) EXTENSION AUTHORITY.—The President
may activate the response team for an addi-
tional 180 days upon the submission of a de-
tailed analysis to the committees described
in paragraph (1) justifying why the contin-
ued deployment of the economic defense re-
emergency is in the national security inter-
under this section shall expire on December
(4) Development within the United States
such measures in the future.
(5) Assisting the partner country in dealing
with foreign sovereign investment in infra-
structure or related projects that may un-
dermine the partner country's sovereignty.
sponding to specific efforts from an adver-
sary attempting to employ economic coer-
cion that undermines the partner country's
sovereignty, including efforts in the cyber
such as efforts that undermine cy-
bersecurity or digital security of the partner
country or initiatives that introduce digital
a manner that undermines
security, and sovereignty of the
partner country.
(7) Otherwise providing direct and relevant
short-to-medium term economic or other as-
United States and mar-
shalling other resources in support of effec-
tive responses to such measures.
(b) INSTITUTIONAL SUPPORT.-
gram required by subsection (a) should in-
clude the following elements:
evant experts identified under paragraph (1)
and for United States diplomatic personnel
in a country actually or potentially threat-
ened by coercive economic measures;
(B) operational procedures and appropriate
protocols for the rapid assembly of such ex-
perts into one or more teams for deployment
to a country actually or potentially threat-
ened by coercive economic measures; and
(C) procedures for ensuring appropriate
actually or potentially threatened
by coercive economic measures, including, as
applicable, logistical assistance, office space,
information support, and communications.
host countries of procedures and methods for
ensuring the rapid and effective deployment
and the establishment of ap-
public and private sector officials and enti-
SA 4434. Mr. CORNYN (for himself,
Mr. Coons, Mr. YounG, and Mr. LEAHY)
submitted an amendment intended to
be proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year, and
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
SEC. 1064. NATIONAL SECURITY EXCLUSION FOR
ARTICLES OR COMPONENTS OF AR-
TICLES THAT CONTAIN, WERE PRO-
DUCED USING, BENEFIT FROM, OR
PRIATED OR ACQUIRED THROUGH
IMPROPER MEANS BY A FOREIGN
(1) REPORT ON
ESTABLISHMENT.—Upon
tablishment of the pilot program required by
subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall
TITLE.—This section may be
cited as the 'Stopping and Excluding Com-
Trade Secrets" or the "Secrets Act of 2021".
(b) NATIONAL SECURITY EXCLUSION.-
III of the Tariff Act of 1930 is amended by in-
serting after section 341 (19 U.S.C. 1341) the

===== PAGE 130 =====
{"alpha_words": 1165, "chars": 8165, "method": "ocr", "page": 130, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
"SEC. 342. NATIONAL SECURITY EXCLUSION FOR
ARTICLES OR COMPONENTS OF AR-
DUCED USING, BENEFIT FROM, OR
PRIATED OR ACQUIRED THROUGH
OR FOREIGN INSTRUMEN-
"(a) IN GENERAL.—Upon a determination
under subsection (c)(1), and subject to the
procedures required under subsection (d), the
Commission shall direct the exclusion from
the United States of, on the basis of national
imports of articles that contain,
produced using, benefit from,
any trade secret acquired through improper
agent or foreign instrumentality (in this sec-
tion referred to as a 'covered article').
"(b) INTERAGENCY COMMITTEE ON TRADE SE-
'(1) IN GENERAL.—There is established an
Interagency Committee on Trade Secrets (in
this section referred to as the 'Committee')
to carry out the review and submission of al-
legations under paragraph (5) and such other
President may designate as
necessary to carry out this section.
comprised of the following voting members
(or the designee of any such member):
'(i) The Secretary of the Treasury.
'(ii) The Secretary of Homeland Security.
"(iii) The Secretary of Commerce.
Intellectual Property Enforce-
'(vi) The United States Trade Representa-
'(vii) The head of such other Federal agen-
cy or other executive office as the President
determines appropriate, generally or on a
"(i) IN GENERAL.—The Director of National
Intelligence shall serve as an ex officio, non-
voting member of the Committee.
"(ii) NOTICE.—The Director of National In-
telligence shall be provided with all notices
received by the Committee regarding allega-
tions under paragraph (5) but shall serve no
policy role on the Committee other than to
provide analysis unless serving on the Com-
mittee under subparagraph (A)(vii).
'(3) CHAIRPERSON.—The Attorney
shall serve as the chairperson of the Com-
'(4) MEETINGS.—The Committee shall meet
upon the direction of the President or upon
the call of the chairperson, without regard to
section 552b of title 5. United States Code (if
"(5) UNFAIR TRADE PRACTICE REVIEW.—The
oath by the owner of a trade secret or on its
own initiative any allegations that an arti-
United States is a covered article; and
'(B) shall, if the Committee decides to pro-
ceed with those allegations,
submit to the
Commission a report including those allega-
'(C) Ex PARTE PRELIMINARY REVIEW, INVES-
TIGATION, AND DETERMINATION.-
'(1) EX PARTE PRELIMINARY
later than 30 days after receipt of an allega-
tion contained in a report under subsection
(b)(5)(B) with respect to an article imported
or to be imported into the United States, the
Commission shall conduct a confidential, ex
whether the article is more likely than not a
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 150 days
paragraph (1), the Commission shall conduct
an ex parte investigation, which may include
a hearing at the discretion of the Commis-
should be extended under paragraph (3).
'(B) ANALYSIS BY DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL IN-
"(i) IN GENERAL.—As part of an investiga-
tion conducted under subparagraph (A) with
respect to an allegation contained in
port under subsection (b)(5)(B), the Director
of National Intelligence, at the request of
out a thorough analysis of the allegation and
shall incorporate the views of appropriate in-
telligence agencies with respect to the alle-
—Not later than 20 days after
the date on which the Commission begins an
Director of National Intelligence shall sub-
the Commission
quested under clause (i).
"(iii) SUPPLEMENTATION OR
Any analysis submitted under clause (i) may
be supplemented or amended as the Director
of National Intelligence considers necessary
or appropriate or upon request by the Com-
mission for additional information.
'(iv) BEGINNING OF ANALYSIS BEFORE INVES-
ligence may begin an analysis under clause
(i) of an allegation contained in a report
under subsection (b)(5)(B) before investiga-
under subparagraph (A), in accordance with
applicable law.
EXTENSION, MODIFICATION, OR TERMI-
'(A) IN GENERAL.—The Commission, at its
sole discretion, may extend, modify, or ter-
minate a determination under paragraph (1)
for good cause and as necessary and appro-
priate, as determined by the Commission and
findings of the investigation
conducted under paragraph (2).
RECONSIDERATION.
-The Commission
shall reconsider any extension, modification,
or termination under subparagraph (A) Of a
determination under paragraph (1) upon re-
quest in writing from the Committee.
"(4) CONSIDERATION.—In conducting a pre-
liminary review under paragraph (1) or an in-
vestigation under paragraph (2) with respect
to an article, the Commission may consider
"(A) If the article contains, was produced
using, benefits from, or uses any trade secret
appropriation by a foreign agent or foreign
instrumentality.
"(B) The national security and policy in-
by the Committee for purposes of this sec-
'(5) DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMA-
'(A) IN GENERAL.—Information submitted
to the Commission or exchanged among the
interested persons in connection with a pre-
liminary review under paragraph (1) or an in-
vestigation under paragraph (2), including by
the owner of the trade secret with respect to
nected, may not be disclosed (except under a
protective order issued under regulations of
the Commission that authorizes limited dis-
of such information) to any
than a person described in subpara-
"(B) EXCEPTION.—Notwithstanding the pro-
tion described in that subparagraph may be
'(i) an officer or employee of the Commis-
sion who is directly concerned with—
'(I) carrying out the preliminary review,
or related proceeding in con-
nection with which the information is sub-
"(II) the administration or enforcement of
security exclusion order issued
"(III) a proceeding for the modification or
rescission of a national security exclusion
order issued under subsection (d); or
record of the preliminary review, investiga-
'(ii) an officer or employee of the United
States Government who is directly involved
in the review under subsection (d)(2); or
'(iii) an officer or employee of U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection who is directly
involved in administering an exclusion from
entry under subsection (d) resulting from the
preliminary review, investigation, or related
proceeding in connection with which the in-
formation is submitted.
PUBLICATION OF RESULTS.—Not later
30 days after a determination
graph (3), the Commission shall publish no-
tice of the determination or extension, as
the case may be, in the Federal Register.
'(7) DESIGNATION OF LEAD AGENCY FROM
'(A) IN GENERAL.—The Attorney General
shall designate,
as appropriate,
agency or agencies represented on the Com-
mittee to be the lead agency or agencies on
under paragraphs (1) through (3).
'(B) DUTIES.—The duties of the lead agen-
graph (A), with respect to an action under
paragraphs (1) through (3), shall include as-
sisting in the action and coordinating activ-
ity between the Committee and the Commis-
'(8) CONSULTATION.—
'(A) IN GENERAL.—In conducting an action
under paragraphs (1) through (3),
mission shall consult with the heads of such
other Federal agencies (or their designees) as
the Commission determines appropriate on
the basis of the facts and circumstances of
'(B) COOPERATION.—The heads of Federal
agencies consulted under subparagraph (A)
for an action, and the agency
designated under paragraph (7)(A), shall co-
operate with the Commission in conducting
the action, including by—
'(i) producing documents and witnesses for
"(ii) assisting with any complaint or re-
port or any analysis by the Committee.
'(9) INTERACTION WITH INTELLIGENCE
ligence shall ensure
community (as defined in section 3 of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003))
remains engaged in the collection,
and dissemination to the Commission of any
additional relevant information that may
Nothing in this subsection shall be construed
as prohibiting any interested person to an al-
legation described in subsection (b)(5) from
cerning the allegation while an action under
paragraphs (1) through (3) with respect to
'(d) PROCEDURES FOR NATIONAL SECURITY
'(1) IN GENERAL.—If the Commission deter-
mines under subsection (c)(1) that it is more

===== PAGE 131 =====
{"alpha_words": 1244, "chars": 8522, "method": "ocr", "page": 131, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7938
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
likely than not that an article to be im- section (d)(5) may appeal such determination
ported into the United States is a covered ar-
only-
ticle, not later than 30 days after receipt of
"(A) in the United States Court of Appeals
the allegation described in that subsection
for the Federal Circuit; and
with respect to that determination, the Com-
'(B) not later than 60 days after that de-
mission shall-
termination has become final.
'(A) issue an order directing that the arti-
'(2) NO OTHER JUDICIAL REVIEW.—Except as
cle concerned be excluded from entry into
authorized under paragraph (1), the deter-
the United States under subsection (a); and
minations of the Commission under this sec-
'(B) notify
the
President of that deter-
tion and any exclusion from entry or deliv-
mination.
ery or demand for redelivery in connection
'(2) PRESIDENTIAL REVIEW.—If, before the
with the enforcement of an order by the
end of the 30-day period beginning on the day
Commission under this section may not be
after the date on which the President is noti-
reviewed by any court, including
for con-
fied under paragraph (1)(B) of the determina-
stitutional claims, whether by action in the
tion of the Commission under subsection
nature of mandamus or otherwise
(c)(1), the President disapproves of that de-
'(3) PROCEDURES FOR REVIEW OF PRIVILEGED
termination and notifies the Commission of
INFORMATION.—If an appeal is brought under
that disapproval, effective on the date of
paragraph (1) and the administrative record
that notice,
that determination shall have
contains classified or other information sub-
no force or effect.
ject to privilege or protections under law,
'(3) EXCLUSION OF COVERED ARTICLES.-
that information
shall be submitted con-
'(A) NOTIFICATION.—Upon expiration of the
fidentially to the court and the court shall
30-day period described in paragraph (2), or
maintain that information under seal.
notification from the President of approval
'(4) APPLICABILITY OF USE OF INFORMATION
determination
the Commission
PROVISIONS.—The use of information provi-
under subsection (c)(1) before the expiration
sions of sections 106, 305, 405, and 706 of the
of that period, the Commission shall notify
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Sec-
(50 U.S.C. 1806, 1825, 1845, and 1881e) shall not
retary of Homeland Security of its action
apply to an appeal under paragraph (1).
under subsection (a) to direct the exclusion
of covered articles from entry.
-Upon receipt of
notice under subparagraph (A) regarding the
exclusion of covered articles from entry, the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary
of Homeland Security shall refuse the entry
TIVE PROCEDURE ACT.
'(1) IN GENERAL.
—The requirements of sub-
chapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United
States Code, shall not apply to-
'(A) an action conducted by the Commis-
sion under paragraphs (1) through (3) of sub-
'(4) CONTINUATION IN EFFECT.—Any exclu-
sion from entry of covered articles under
subsection (a) shall continue in effect until
'(A) determines that the conditions that
November 4, 2021
1514(a)(4)) is amended by striking
"a deter-
mination appealable under section 337 of this
Act" and inserting 'in connection with the
enforcement of an order of the United States
International
Trade
Commission
issued
under section 342".
SA 4435. Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself
and Mr. BRAUN) submitted an amend-
ment
intended
to be proposed
to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for
defense
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel
strengths
for
such
fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add
SEC. 1216. EVALUATION OF AND REPORT ON
WITHDRAWAL FROM AFGHANISTAN.
General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (in
this section referred to as the Inspector Gen-
eral) shall conduct an evaluation of the per-
fense and Security Forces (in this section re-
ferred to as the "ANDSF') during the period
beginning on February 1, 2020, and ending on
-The evaluation required by
paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) A determination as to the reason the
ANDSF proved unable to defend Afghanistan
from the Taliban following the withdrawal of
the United States Armed Forces.
(B) An assessment of the impact such with-
"(B) notifies the Secretary of the Treasury
and the Secretary of Homeland Security of
'(5) MODIFICATION OR RESCISSION.
may petition the Commission for a modifica-
paragraphs (4) and (5) of subsection (d).
ADJUDICATION.—Any
under this section shall not be subject to the
requirements of sections 554, 556, and 557 of
title 5, United States Code.
'(g) FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT ЕХСЕР-
TION.—Section 552 of title 5, United States
Code (commonly referred to as the 'Freedom
of Information Act'), shall not apply to the
activities conducted under this section.
"(h) REGULATIONS.
prescribe such regulations as the Commis-
sion considers necessary and appropriate to
issued under subsection (a) with respect to
covered articles only after an affirmative ex-
'(i) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.-
There are authorized to be appropriated such
sums as may be necessary to carry out this
section (c)(3) in accordance with the proce-
dures under subsection (c)(2).
Commission may modify or rescind an exclu-
sion order issued under subsection (a) at any
time at the discretion of the Commission.
"(İ) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
The term 'article' includes
any article or component of an article.
AGENT; FOREIGN INSTRUMEN-
TALITY; IMPROPER MEANS; MISAPPROPRIATION;
proof in any proceeding before the Commis-
sion regarding a petition made by an inter-
ested person under subparagraph (A) shall be
'foreign instrumentality'.
'trade secret' have the meanings given those
"(D) RELIEF.—A modification or rescission
for which a petition is made under subpara-
graph (A) may be granted by the Commis-
"(3) INTERESTED PERSON.—The term 'inter-
ested person', with respect to an allegation
'(i) on the basis of new evidence or evi-
dence that could not have been presented at
named in the allegation or otherwise identi-
fied by the Commission as having a material
interest with respect to the allegation."
'(ii) on grounds that would permit relief
from a judgment or order under the Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure.
'(E) EVIDENTIARY STANDARD.—A modifica-
tion or rescission may be made under sub-
paragraph (A) if the Commission determines
that there has been a clear and convincing
showing to the Commission from an inter-
ested person that such a modification or re-
scission should be made.
contents for the Tariff Act of 1930 is amended
by inserting after the item relating to sec-
tion 341 the following:
"Sec. 342. National security exclusion for ar-
ticles or components of articles
secrets misappropriated
or acquired through improper
means by a foreign agent or for-
'(1) IN GENERAL.—Any person adversely af-
eign instrumentality."
fected by a final modification or rescission
determination by the Commission under sub- 514(a)(4) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C.
(C) With respect to efforts made by
Armed Forces since 2001 to
provide training, assistance, and advice to
the ANDSF, an analysis of any such effort
ANDSF following such withdrawal.
(D) An assessment of the current status
(i) equipment provided to the ANDSF by
(ii) ANDSF personnel who were trained by
(E) An identification of the types of mili-
equipment provided
States to the military or security forces of
Afghanistan that was left in Afghanistan
Armed Forces, including equipment provided
to the air force of Afghanistan.
(F) An assessment whether-
(i) the Taliban has control over the equip-
ment described in subparagraph (B); and
(ii) such equipment is being moved or sold
(G) An assessment whether government of-
ficials of Afghanistan fled Afghanistan with
United States taxpayer dollars.
available from the Afghan Security Forces
(i) were stolen by government officials of
(ii) diverted from the originally intended
purposes of such funds.
(I) An assessment whether equipment pro-
vided to the military or security forces of Af-
ghanistan was used to assist government of-
ficials of Afghanistan in fleeing Afghanistan.
(J) Any other matter the Inspector General
considers appropriate.

===== PAGE 132 =====
{"alpha_words": 1206, "chars": 7983, "method": "ocr", "page": 132, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
SECRETARY OF DE- States, the Inspector General of the Depart-
To the extent practicable and con-
ment of Defense, and other auditors;
the Secretary of Defense
the findings of
shall provide to the Inspector General any
such information or assistance as the Inspec-
tor General may request for the purpose of
(C) provides reliable, useful, and timely in-
formation to
conducting the evaluation required by this
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Inspector General shall submit to the
congressional defense
more reports the results of the evaluation
conducted under subsection (a).
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified
form but may include a classified annex.
SA 4436. Mr. GRASSLEY (for him-
self, Mr. SANDERS, and Mr. BRAUN) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
other purposes;
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the
SEC. 1004. DEFENSE FINANCIAL SYSTEMS COM-
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established
in the legislative branch the Defense Finan-
cial Systems Commission (in this section re-
ferred to as the 'Commission'').
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Commission shall—
(A) review the financial management sys-
tems of the Department of Defense,
other financial management and operational
needs, including, as appropriate, with respect
to both short-term and long-term actions.
REQUIRED.—Not
March 31 and September 30 of fiscal year 2022
and each fiscal year thereafter, the Commis-
submit to the Secretary of De-
fense, the secretaries of the military depart-
Congress, and the Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States a report that in-
(A) the findings of the reviews conducted
under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of para-
(B) the determinations required by sub-
paragraph (C) of that paragraph;
(C) the recommendations required by sub-
paragraph (D) of paragraph (1);
(D) the results of the assessment required
by subparagraph (E) of that paragraph; and
(E) a description of the work the Commis-
sion plans to conduct during the six-month
period following submission of the report.
(C) COMMISSION MEMBERSHIP.—
(1) NUMBER AND APPOINTMENT.—The Com-
mission shall be composed of three members
appointed by the Comptroller General of the
United States.
(2) QUALIFICATIONS;
appointing members of the Commission, the
Comptroller General
(A) knowledgeable of accounting, auditing
and the operating
partment of Defense; and
(B) to the extent feasible, who have rel-
(i) the Department;
(ii) the Federal Government (other than
(B) review the spending of the Department
on financial management systems, including
(C) determine which financial management
systems of the Department meet the stand-
ards described in paragraph (2);
retary of Defense and the secretaries of the
military departments with respect to-
need to be replaced or modified, and what
new systems are needed, to ensure that the
the standards described in
paragraph (2); and
(ii) improving
systems and related
processes to ensure effective internal control
statements and meet other
agement and operational needs, including, as
short-term and long-term actions; and
(E) assess the progress of the Department
of Defense in implementing any previous rec-
ommendations of the Commission.
management system meets the standards de-
scribed in this paragraph if the system—
and requirements
3511 of title 31, United States Code;
(ii) the most recent governmentwide finan-
cial management plan prepared under sec-
tion 3512 of that title; and
(iii) guidance and recommendations made
Comptroller General of the United
(A) IN GENERAL.—A member of the Com-
mission shall be appointed for a term of 3
except that the Comptroller General
shall designate staggered terms for the mem-
(B) VACANCIES.-
(i) IN GENERAL.
A vacancy in the Commis-
sion shall be filled in the manner in which
the original appointment was made.
CIES.-Any member of the
Commission ap-
pointed to fill a vacancy occurring before the
expiration of the term for which the mem-
ber's predecessor was appointed shall be ap-
pointed only for the remainder of that term.
(iii) CONTINUATION OF SERVICE TILL SUC-
Commission may serve after the expiration
of that member's term until a successor has
(4) CHAIRPERSON; VICE CHAIRPERSON.-
shall designate a member of the Commission
Commission as the Vice Chairperson at the
time of their appointment and for that term
of appointment.
(B) VACANCIES.—If the member of the Com-
designated under subparagraph (A)
as the Chairperson or the Vice Chairperson
leaves the Commission before the end of the
may designate another member of the Com-
Chairperson for the remainder of the term of
(d) MEETINGS.—The Commission shall meet
at the call of the Chairperson.
(e) COMPENSATION AND EMPLOYMENT STA-
TUS OF MEMBERS AND STAFF.—
(1) COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.—A member
of the Commission who is not an officer or
employee of the Federal Government shall
be compensated at a rate equal to the daily
equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay
prescribed for level IV of the Executive
Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United
States Code, for each day (including travel
time) during which the member is engaged in
the performance of the duties of the Board.
Commission may be paid travel expenses, in-
cluding per diem in lieu of subsistence, at
rates authorized for employees of agencies
under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5,
member's home or regular place of business
in the performance of services for the Com-
mission, as authorized by the chairperson of
(3) FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS.—
A member of the Commission shall be con-
sidered an employee of Congress whose com-
the Senate for purposes of applying title I of
U.S.C. App.), except that a member of the
Commission is required to file public finan-
cial disclosure reports without regard to
their number of days of service or rate of
(4) MEMBERS EMPLOYED BY
-The employment status and pay of a
member of the Commission who is employed
by another Federal agency shall not be af-
fected by the service of the member on the
(5) PAY AND BENEFITS OF STAFF OF COMMIS-
(A) IN GENERAL.—Subject to subparagraph
(B), an employee of the Commission (other
than a member of the Commission) shall, for
purposes of pay and employment benefits,
rights, and privileges, be treated as an em-
(B) CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF
1995.— For purposes of the Congressional Ac-
countability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301 et
seq.), with respect to provisions of law cov-
ered by part A of title II of that Act (2 U.S.C.
(i) an employee of the Commission shall be
considered to be an employee of the Senate,
as defined in section 3 of that Act (2 U.S.C.
(ii) the Commission shall be considered to
be the employing office, as defined in that
(6) NOT TREATED AS EMPLOYEES OF GOVERN-
MENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE.—Members and
employees of the Commission
treated as employees of the Government Ac-
countability Office for any purpose.
(f) DIRECTOR AND STAFF; EXPERTS AND Con-
SULTANTS.—The Commission shall hire such
staff and engage such experts and consult-
ants knowledgeable of accounting, internal
change management, and the operating envi-
ronment of the Department of Defense,
may be necessary to carry out the duties of
AND AUTHORITIES.Subject to
deems necessary to assure the efficient ad-
ministration of the Commission, the Com-
(1) employ and fix the compensation of an
Executive Director (subject to the approval
of the Comptroller General) and such other
personnel as may be necessary to carry out
the duties of the Commission without regard
to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter

===== PAGE 133 =====
{"alpha_words": 1245, "chars": 8214, "method": "ocr", "page": 133, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7940
33 of title 5, United States Code, governing
appointments in the competitive service;
such assistance and support as
may be required in the performance of the
duties of the Commission from appropriate
(3) enter into such contracts or make such
other arrangements as may be necessary for
the conduct of the work of the Commission
without regard to the requirements of sec-
tion 6101 of title 41, United States Code;
(4) make advance, progress, and other pay-
ments that relate to the work of the Com-
(5) provide transportation and subsistence
for members, staff, and persons serving with-
(6) prescribe such rules and regulations as
spect to the internal organization and oper-
ation of the Commission.
(1) REQUESTS FROM COMMISSION.—The Com-
mission may secure directly from any Fed-
eral agency information necessary to enable
the Commission to carry out this section.
(2) DEADLINE FOR RESPONSES.—The head of
a Federal agency shall, not later than 30
days after receiving a request for informa-
tion from the Commission under paragraph
(1) (unless the Chairperson of the Commis-
sion agrees to a different schedule), provide
that information to the Commission.
(1) OVERSIGHT BY GOVERNMENT
(1) CONSULTATION WITH GOVERNMENT AO-
shall, not less frequently than once each
eral on the status of its reviews, analysis,
findings and recommendations,
(2) ACCESS OF GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY
General shall have
access to all delibera-
tions, records, data, and personnel of the
Commission, immediately upon request.
shall be subject to periodic audit by the
ABILITY OFFICE TO CONGRESS.
90 days after the Commission submits each
Comptroller General shall submit to
gress a report on the work of the Commis-
sion and the implementation by the Depart-
ment of Defense of the recommendations of
the Commission.
(j) APPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVISORY
Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App) shall not apply
to the Commission.
(1) IN GENERAL.—Of amounts appropriated
to any entity within the Department of De-
fense for operation and maintenance for fis-
cal year 2022 and each fiscal year thereafter
until the fiscal year in which the Commis-
sion terminates under subsection (1),
Secretary of Defense shall transfer to the
Commission an amount determined with the
not exceed $10,000,000,
penses the Commission determines are nec-
essary to carry out this section.
CONCURRENCE.—If the Comp-
troller General does not concur with the Sec-
transferred to the Commission under para-
graph (1), the Secretary shall, not later than
5 calendar days after receiving notice that
submit to the Commission, the Comptroller
the reasons for the amount transferred by
the Secretary to the Commission.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
mission shall post the report on a publicly
available internet website of the Commis-
(3) AVAILABILITY.—Amounts transferred to
the Commission under paragraph (1) shall re-
main available until expended.
(1) SUNSET.—The Commission shall termi-
(1) the date that is 90 days after the Com-
mission determines and report to Congress
that the financial management systems of
the Department of Defense are in compliance
with the standards described in subsection
(2) the date that is five years after the date
of the enactment of this Act.
SA 4437. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
military activities of the Department
for military construction,
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
appropriate place, insert the fol-
WHISTLEBLOWER INCENTIVES
AND PROTECTIONS.
Section 5323 of title 31, United States Code,
section 6314 of the Anti-
Money Laundering Act of 2020 (division F of
Public Law 116-283) is amended by striking
subsection (b) and inserting the following:
'(1) IN GENERAL.—In any covered judicial
or administrative action, or related action,
the Secretary, under regulations prescribed
by the Secretary, in consultation with
Attorney General and subject to subsection
(c), shall pay an award or awards to 1 or
more whistleblowers who voluntarily
pro-
vided original information to the employer
of the individual, the Secretary, or the At-
torney General, as applicable, that led to the
successful enforcement of the covered judi-
cial or administrative action, or related ac-
tion, in an aggregate amount equal to—
"(A) not less than 10 percent, in total, of
sanctions imposed in the action or related
"(B) not more than 30 percent, in total, of
collected of the monetary
sanctions imposed in the action or related
OF AWARDS.—Any amount
paid under paragraph (1) shall be paid from
the Fund established under paragraph (3).
'(3) SOURCE OF AWARDS.
'(A) IN GENERAL.—There shall be estab-
lished in the Treasury of the United States a
revolving fund to be known as the Financial
Integrity Fund (referred to in this subsection
USE OF FUND.—The Fund shall be
available to the Secretary, without further
appropriation or fiscal year limitations,
payment of awards to whistle-
blowers as provided in subsection (b);
"(ii) the funding of education initiatives
and administrative expenses; and
"(iii) carrying out the provisions of this
'(4) DEPOSITS AND CREDITS.—
into or credited to the Fund an amount
"(i) any monetary sanction collected by
the Secretary or Attorney General in any ju-
November 4, 2021
dicial or administrative action under this
title unless the balance of the Fund at the
the monetary judgement is collected
income from investments made
'(B) ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS.—If the amounts
deposited into or credited to the Fund under
subparagraph (A) are not sufficient to satisfy
an award made under this subsection, there
shall be deposited into or credited
Fund an amount equal to the unsatisfied
sanction collected by the Secretary
Treasury or Attorney General in the covered
judicial or administrative action
'(A) AMOUNTS IN FUND MAY BE INVESTED.—
of the Treasury may invest
the portion of the Fund that is not required
to meet the current needs of the Fund.
'(B) ELIGIBLE INVESTMENTS.—Investments
shall be made by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in obligations of the United States or ob-
ligations that are guaranteed as to principal
and interest by the United States, with ma-
turities suitable to the needs of the Fund as
determined by the Secretary.
'(C) INTEREST AND PROCEEDS CREDITED.
The interest on, and the proceeds from the
sale or redemption of, any
in the Fund shall be credited to, and form a
part of, the Fund."
SA 4438. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
for
such
fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
the following:
SEC.
• RESTRICTIONS ON CONFUCIUS INSTI-
TUTES.
(a) DEFINITION.—In this section, the term
"Confucius Institute'
means a cultural in-
stitute directly or indirectly funded by the
of the People's Republic of
An institution of higher education
or other postsecondary educational institu-
tion (referred to in this section as an "insti-
tution'") shall not be eligible to receive Fed-
eral funds from the Department of Education
(except funds under title IV of the Higher
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.)
or other Department of Education funds that
are provided directly to students) unless the
Confucius Institute includes clear provisions
(1) protect academic freedom at the insti-
(2) prohibit the application of any foreign
law on any campus of the institution; and
(3) grant full managerial authority of the
the activities carried out,
search grants that are made, and who is em-
ployed at the Confucius Institute.
SA 4439. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to

===== PAGE 134 =====
{"alpha_words": 1248, "chars": 8342, "method": "ocr", "page": 134, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
dures established pursuant to regulations SEC. 376. PRELIMINARY COST ESTIMATE FOR AC-
which are available for payment or redemp-
TIVITIES OF COMMISSION ON NAM-
tion of a savings bond by any owner of such
ING OF ITEMS OF DEPARTMENT OF
DEFENSE THAT COMMEMORATE THE
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA
"(B) The Secretary may not prescribe any
OR ANY PERSON WHO SERVED VOL-
UNTARILY WITH THE CONFEDERATE
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
• TRADING PROHIBITION FOR 2 CON-
SECUTIVE NON-INSPECTION YEARS.
Section 104(i) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (15 U.S.C. 7214(i)) is amended-
(1) in paragraph (2)(A)(ii), by striking 'the
foreign jurisdiction described in clause (i)"
and inserting "a foreign jurisdiction"; and
(A) in the paragraph heading, by striking
"3" and inserting "2"; and
(B) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by striking "3"
SA 4440. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
• TRANSFER AND REDEMPTION OF
Section 3105 of title 31, United States Code,
is amended by adding at the end the fol-
"(f)(1) Notwithstanding any other Federal
law, the ownership of an applicable savings
bond may be transferred pursuant to a valid
judgment of escheatment vesting a State
with title to the bond. Nothing in this sec-
tion, or in any regulation promulgated by
Secretary to implement this
may be construed to preempt State law pro-
viding for, or governing the escheatment of,
'(2) The Secretary shall recognize an order
of competent jurisdiction that
vests title to an applicable savings bond with
a State, regardless of whether the State has
possession of such bond if the State provides
the Secretary with a certified copy of such
'(3)(A) If a State has title or is seeking to
obtain title through a judicial proceeding to
State from obtaining title to an applicable
savings bond or redeeming such bond pursu-
ant to the procedures described in subpara-
'(C) In the case of an applicable savings
bond which is lost, stolen, destroyed, muti-
lated, defaced, or otherwise not in the pos-
of the State,
if the State has re-
quested records and information under para-
graph (3)(A), any applicable period of limita-
tion for payment or redemption of such bond
shall not begin to run against the State until
the date on which the Secretary has provided
the State with the records and information
described in such paragraph.
'(5) If the United
States Government
makes payment to a State for an applicable
savings bond pursuant to paragraph (4)-
"(A) that State shall attempt to locate the
original owner of each such bond registered
with an address in that State pursuant to
exist under that state's abandoned property
rules and regulations;
as provided in subparagraph
(C), the United States Government shall not
retain any further obligation or liability re-
lating to such bond, including any obligation
owner of such bond (as described in
"(C) should a State that receives payment
paragraph (4) fail to make payment to a reg-
istered owner of such bond (as described in
paragraph (6)(B)) after presentment of a
valid claim of ownership pursuant to that
State's abandoned property rules and regula-
tions, such owner may then seek redemption
of their bond through the Secretary or any
States Government to make payments to re-
deem such bonds, and it shall be paid; and
"(D) where the United States Government
has made payment of an applicable savings
bond under subparagraph (C), the respective
State shall indemnify the United States for
payments made on such bond.
"(6) For purposes of this subsection,
term 'applicable savings bond'
United States savings bond that—
on or before December 31,
"(B) is registered to an owner with a last
known address within a State claiming title
after December 31, 2012, and before January
has not been redeemed by such
shall provide to the State, upon request, the
serial number of such bond, and any reason-
ably available records or information—
'(i) relating to the purchase or ownership
of such bond, including any transactions in-
volving such bond; or
'(ii) which may provide other identifying
information relating to such bond.
"(B) Any records or information provided
To a
State pursuant to subparagraph (A)
shall be considered sufficient to enable the
State to redeem the applicable savings bond
for full value, regardless whether the bond is
lost, stolen, destroyed, mutilated, defaced, or
otherwise not in the State's possession.
subparagraph
State may redeem and receive payment for
an applicable savings bond for which the
State has title pursuant to the same proce- following:
SA 4441. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the
Section 370 of the William M. (Mac) Thorn-
berry National Defense Authorization Act
for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116-283) is
(1) by redesignating
subsections (h), (i),
and (j), as subsections (i), (j), and (k), respec-
(2) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-
lowing new subsection (h):
later than September 30, 2022, the Commis-
Armed Services of the Senate and House of
Representatives a preliminary cost estimate
for the activities of the Commission."
SA 4442. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title II, insert
ADDITIONAL AMOUNT FOR EXECU-
(a) ADDITIONAL AMOUNT.—The amount au-
thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year
2022 by section 201 for research, development,
test, and evaluation is hereby increased by
$41,700,000, with the amount of the increase
to be available for Medium Unmanned Sur-
face Vehicle, line 095 of the table in section
4201, to carry out execution of CLIN 0101.
(1) REDUCTION.—The amount authorized to
be appropriated for fiscal year 2022 by sec-
hereby decreased by $41,700,000.
(2) AVAILABILITY.—Amounts available for
operation and maintenance pursuant to sec-
tion 301 are hereby reduced as follows:
(A) The amount for Operation and Mainte-
nance, Air Force, Base Support, as specified
on line 90 of the table in section
(B) The amount for Operation and Mainte-
Base Operations
specified on line 110 of the table in section
(C) The amount for Operation and Mainte-
Base Operating Support,
specified on line 280 of the table in section
4301, by $10,000,000.
(D) The amount for Operation and Mainte-
nance, Defense-wide, Office of the Secretary
table in section 4301, by $2,700,000.
SA 4443. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military

===== PAGE 135 =====
{"alpha_words": 1208, "chars": 8050, "method": "ocr", "page": 135, "variant": "plain-vision"}
strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, ada
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State shall submit to Con-
gress a report on the process used to vet na-
tionals of Afghanistan who arrived in the
United States during the period beginning on
2021 and ending on August 31, 2021.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following:
(1) A description of such process.
(2) The number of such nationals of Af-
ghanistan present in the United States who,
upon entry to the United States-
(A) did not present the identification docu-
ments required for admission into the United
(B) were allowed to provide only a name
and date of birth to vetting officials to input
into tracking systems of the Government.
(3) A description of the training that vet-
ting officials receive regarding the detection
of fraudulent identification documents.
(4) In the case of any such national of Af-
ghanistan who has been detained following
United States for reasons re-
national security, a specific jus-
tification for such detention.
(5) A plan for relocating nationals of Af-
ghanistan held in the Republic of Kosovo due
to the potential risks they pose to the na-
tional security of the United States.
SA 4444. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add
SECTION 1216. REPORT ON THE NUMBER OF
TERPRETERS AND ALLIES OF THE
UNITED STATES REMAINING IN AF-
(a) IN GENERAL.-
-Not later than 90 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State shall submit to Con-
a report on the number of United
States citizens and interpreters and allies of
the United States who remain in Afghani-
stan following the evacuation of Afghanistan
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following:
(1) The number of United States citizens
and lawful permanent residents in Afghani-
(2) The number of nationals of Afghanistan
from the Govern-
ment of the United States to evacuate Af-
July 15, 2021 and ending on August 31, 2021;
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
SA 4445. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add
SEC. 1216. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-
SPECT TO TRANSACTIONS INVOLV-
November 4, 2021
(1) determines that such a waiver is in the
national security interests of the
(2) submits to the appropriate
sional committees a notification of the waiv-
er and the reasons for the waiver.
(1) INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES.
with respect to activities
subject to the reporting requirements under
title V of the National Security Act of 1947
(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.) or any authorized in-
telligence activities of the United States.
tions under this section shall not apply with
respect to any authorized law enforcement
activities of the United States.
pose the sanctions described in subsection (b)
President determines engages,
the date of the enactment of this Act, in any
transaction involving rare earth
mined or otherwise extracted in Afghani-
SANCTIONS DESCRIBED.—The sanctions
to be imposed under subsection (a) with re-
spect to a foreign person are the following:
(1) BLOCKING OF PROPERTY.—The President
the President under the International Emer-
gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C.
et seq.) to the extent necessary to block and
prohibit all transactions in property and in-
terests in property of the foreign person if
such property and interests in property are
in the United States, come within the United
States, or are or come within the possession
or control of a United States person.
(2) INELIGIBILITY FOR VISAS, ADMISSION, OR
(A) VISAS, ADMISSION, OR PAROLE.—An alien
described in subsection (a) is-
(i) inadmissible to the United States;
(ii) ineligible to receive a visa or other doc-
umentation to enter the United States; and
(iii) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or
paroled into the United States or to receive
any other benefit under the Immigration and
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.).
(B) CURRENT VISAS REVOKED.—
documentation of an alien described in sub-
section (a) shall be revoked, regardless of
or other entry documenta-
EFFECT.—A revocation
under clause (i) shall-
(I) take effect immediately; and
(II) automatically cancel any
visa or entry documentation that is in the
(C) IMPLEMENTATION; PENALTIES.
exercise all authorities provided under sec-
tions 203 and 205 of the International Emer-
gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702
and 1704) to carry out this section.
(2) PENALTIES.—A person that violates, at-
tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or
causes a violation of subsection (b)(1) or any
regulation, license, or order issued to carry
out that subsection shall be subject to the
penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (C)
gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705)
to the same extent as a person that commits
an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of
(3) The number of nationals of Afghanistan
(A) served as interpreters for, or were al-
lies of, the United States; and
President may waive the imposition of sanc-
tions under subsection (a) with respect to a
foreign person if the President—
shall not apply with respect to the admission
of an alien to the United States if such ad-
mission is necessary to comply with the obli-
Agreement regarding the Headquarters of
the United Nations, signed at Lake Success
June 26, 1947, and entered into force Novem-
ber 21, 1947, between the United Nations and
the United States, under the Convention on
Consular Relations, done at Vienna April 24,
1963, and entered into force March 19, 1967, or
under other international agreements.
(4) EXCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF
(A) IN GENERAL.—The authority or a re-
section shall not include the authority or a
requirement to impose sanctions on the im-
(B) GOOD DEFINED.-In this paragraph, the
manmade substance, material,
manufactured product, including inspection
and test equipment, and excluding technical
(f) REPORT REQUIRED.—The
State shall submit to the appropriate con-
gressional committees a report on the supply
of rare earth minerals in Afghanistan during
the period after the Taliban gained control
of Afghanistan.
(g) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
terms "admission",
"admitted", and "alien"
have the meanings given those terms in sec-
tion 101 of the Immigration and Nationality
(2) APPROPRIATE
TEES.—The term "appropriate congressional
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations
and the Committee on Banking,
and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and
(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
the Committee on Financial Services of the
House of Representatives.
person" means any individual or entity that
is not a United States person.
TArm
''United States person" means-
(A) a United States citizen or an alien law-
fully admitted to the United States for per-
(B) an entity organized under the laws of
the United States or any jurisdiction within
the United States.
SA 4446. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
ment of Energy, to prescribe military

===== PAGE 136 =====
{"alpha_words": 1276, "chars": 8220, "method": "ocr", "page": 136, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(D) A detailed report on how United States
SEC. 1283. REPORTS ON CURRICULUM USED IN
FINDINGS.—Congress finds the fol-
(1) In 2016 and 2017, the Palestinian Author-
ity published modified curricula for school-
aged children in grades 1 through 11.
(2) Textbooks used by the Palestinian Au-
thority in the West Bank and Gaza include
graphics portraying violence against Israeli
of individuals
who have committed attacks against citizens
forts to target the 'Zionists'
used at schools sponsored by the United Na-
tions Relief and Works Agency for Palestine
schools use the textbooks of the host govern-
(4) On April 26, 2018, the Government Ac-
countability Office published a report that
trolled by the Palestinian Authority feature
inaccurate and misleading maps of the re-
gion and include militaristic, adversarial im-
agery and content that incite hatred.
(B) The Department of State raised with
Palestinian officials the objectionable con-
tent in the textbooks, including a specific
number of Pales-
(C) The United Nations Relief and Works
Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near
East, in its review of the textbooks, identi-
fied content not aligned with United Nations
values, the majority of which content re-
lated to neutrality or bias issues, including
issues related to maps and references to Je-
rusalem as the capital of Palestine.
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that the Palestinian Authority has
not sufficiently eliminated content encour-
aging violence or intolerance toward other
ethnic groups from the cur-
riculum used in schools in areas controlled
by the Palestinian Authority.
-Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and annually thereafter for 2 years in ac-
cordance with paragraph (4), the Secretary of
State shall submit to the Committee on For-
eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of
riculum that encourages violence or intoler-
ance toward other nations or ethnic groups.
(E) A detailed report on United States dip-
lomatic efforts, during the 5-year period pre-
ceding the date on which
the report is sub-
mitted, to encourage peace and tolerance in
(F) If any diplomatic efforts referred to in
subparagraph (E) were stopped by the Sec-
retary of State, the reasons for such stop-
(3) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY.—The Secretary of
website of the Department of State each re-
port required by paragraph (1).
required by paragraph (1), other than
later than 90 days after the date on which a
new school year begins for schools in areas
controlled by the Palestinian Authority.
SA 4447. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
• CATAWBA INDIAN NATION LANDS.
(a) APPLICATION OF CURRENT LAW.—
(1) LANDS IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
of the Catawba Indian Tribe of South Caro-
lina Claims Settlement Act of 1993 (Public
Law 103-116) shall only apply to gaming con-
lands located in South Carolina.
(2) LANDS IN STATES OTHER
Nation on lands located in
subject to the Indian Gaming Regulatory
Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.) and sections 1166
through 1168 of title 18, United States Code.
STATUS AND AC-
riculum used in schools in areas controlled
by the Palestinian Authority or located in
Gaza and controlled by any other entity.
(1) RATIFICATION OF TRUST STATUS.—The ac-
tion taken by the Secretary on July 10, 2020,
to place approximately 17 acres of land lo-
cated in Cleveland County, North Carolina,
into trust for the benefit of the Catawba In-
dian Nation is hereby ratified and confirmed
as if that action had been taken under a Fed-
eral law specifically authorizing or directing
paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(2) ADMINISTRATION.—The land placed into
(A) A determination of whether the cur-
trust for the benefit of the Catawba Indian
riculum reviewed contains content encour-
Secretary on July 10, 2020,
aging violence or intolerance toward other
countries or ethnic groups, and a detailed ex-
planation of the reasons for reaching such
(B) An assessment of the steps the Pales-
riculum containing such content at schools
to conform with standards of peace and tol-
erance in the Declaration of Principles on
Tolerance adopted by Member States of the
United Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization on November 16, 1995.
(A) be a part of the Catawba Reservation
and administered in accordance with the
laws and regulations generally applicable to
land held in trust by the United States for an
Indian Tribe; and
(B) be deemed to have been acquired and
taken into trust as part of the restoration of
lands for an Indian tribe that is restored to
States foreign assistance is used, directly or
indirectly, to fund the dissemination of such
curriculum by the Palestinian Authority.
the Indian Gaming Regu-
latory Act (25 U.S.C. 2719(b)(1)(B)(iii)).
OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in
this section shall-
(A) enlarge, impair, or otherwise affect any
right or claim of the Catawba Indian Nation
to any land or interest in land in existence
before the date of the enactment of this Act;
(B) affect any water right of the Catawba
Indian Nation in existence before the date of
(C) terminate or limit any access in any
issued, granted, or permitted before the date
of the enactment of this Act; or
(D) alter or diminish the right of the Ca-
tawba Indian Nation to seek to have addi-
tional land taken into trust by the United
States for the benefit of the Catawba Indian
SA 4448. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, ada
SEC. 1216. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ROLE OF
QATAR IN SUPPORT OF OPERATION
(a) FINDINGS.—Congress makes the fol-
(1) Thousands of United States citizens,
lawful permanent residents, vulnerable Af-
ghans, and their families sought refuge fol-
lowing the Afghan Taliban's takeover of the
Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.
(2) The State of Qatar played a critical role
in assisting the United States in evacuating
thousands of people from the rule of the Af-
(3) Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar served as a
central transportation hub for many
uees desperately seeking to exit Aíghani-
(4) Secretary of Defense Lloyd J. Austin
stated, ''Qatar's support for Operation Allies
Refuge was indispensable to the safe transit
of Americans and U.S. personnel, allies, part-
ners and Afghans at special risk.
(1) thanks the State of Qatar for their piv-
otal role and support of Operation Allies Ref-
(2) appreciates the State of Qatar's support
to temporarily house thousands of evacuees
until they are cleared for follow-on move-
SA 4449. Mr. TILLIS submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title XVI, in-
_. BRIEFING ON DEPARTMENT OF DE-
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Chief Data Officer of the Depart-
ment of Defense shall brief the congressional

===== PAGE 137 =====
{"alpha_words": 1240, "chars": 8218, "method": "ocr", "page": 137, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
defense committees on the activities the De- tained in a country other than the United
partment is undertaking to ensure that au-
thoritative enterprise data is
and interoperable among multiple data man-
(2) WORK WITH OTHER ENTITIES.—The Sec-
retary of Labor shall seek to work with rel-
agement and analytics platforms for the Sec-
retary of Defense,
fense, Principal Staff Assistants, and compo-
nents of the Department in adherence with
an open data standard architecture.
under subsection (a) shall include
assessment of how data analytics
platforms currently in use adhere to an open
data standard architecture in accordance
memorandum on Creating Data Advantage.
(2) A description of the process and metrics
used by the Chief Data Officer to approve ad-
data that can be
across the enterprise,
exists, by multiple data analytics platforms.
(4) An assessment of the cybersecurity ben-
efits derived through implementing a diver-
sity of data platforms.
(5) An assessment of the ability to better
multi-tool analytics platforms.
SA 4450. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-
self, Mr. CornyN, Mr. COONS, and Ms.
MUrKOWSKI) submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by her to the
bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2022 for military
activities of the Department of De-
fense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the
SEC. 1054. STUDY ON FACTORS AFFECTING EM-
PLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES FOR IM-
TAINED IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES.
GEES.—In this section, the term 'applicable
immigrants and refugees"—
(i)(I) are not citizens or nationals of the
States and authorized to be employed in the
United States; or
(ii) are naturalized citizens of the United
were born outside of the United
States and its outlying possessions; and
(B) includes individuals described in sec-
tion 602(b)(2) of the Afghan Allies Protection
Act of 2009 (title VI of division F of Public
Law 111-8; 8 U.S.C. 1101 note).
(2) OTHER TERMS.-
-Except as otherwise de-
fined in this subsection, terms used in this
section have the definitions given such terms
under section 101(a) of the Immigration and
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)).
the Secretary of Education, the Secretary of
Health and Human Services, the Secretary of
Commerce, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity, the Administrator of the Internal Rev-
enue Service, and the Commissioner of the
duct a study of the factors affecting employ-
ment opportunities in the United States for
have professional credentials that were ob-
sources of such entities to conduct the study
required under paragraph (1).
(3) LIMITATIONS ON DISCLOSURE.—Any infor-
mation provided to the Secretary of Labor in
connection with the study required
(A) may only be used for the purposes of,
and to the extent necessary to ensure the ef-
ficient operation of, such study; and
(B) may not be disclosed to any other per-
son or entity except as provided under this
(C) INCLUSIONS.—The study required under
subsection (b)(1) shall include-
(1) an analysis of the employment history
mitted to the United States during the 5-
year period immediately preceding the date
of the enactment of this Act, which shall in-
clude, to the extent practicable-
(A) a comparison of the employment appli-
cable immigrants and refugees held before
immigrating to the United States with the
States, if any, since their arrival; and
(B) the occupational and professional cre-
dentials and academic degrees held by appli-
cable immigrants and refugees before immi-
grating to the United States;
(2) an assessment of any barriers that pre-
from using occupational experience obtained
outside the United States to obtain employ-
(3) an analysis of available public and pri-
grants and refugees who have professional
qualifications obtained out-
side of the United States to obtain skill-ap-
propriate employment in the United States;
(4) policy recommendations for better ena-
who have professional experience and quali-
fications obtained outside of the United
to obtain skill-appropriate employ-
(d) REPORT.—Not later than 18 months
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of Labor shall-
(1) submit a report to Congress that de-
scribes the results of the study
pursuant to subsection (b); and
(2) make such report publically available
on the website of the Department of Labor.
SA 4451. Mr. INHOFE submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
SEC. 1064. ADDRESSING THREATS TO NATIONAL
SECURITY WITH RESPECT TO WIRE-
LESS COMMUNICATIONS RESEARCH
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 4 of title II of the
Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862 et
seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-
"SEC. 234. STATEMENT OF POLICY.
"It is the policy of the United States-
November 4, 2021
'(1) to ensure the continued strength and
leadership of the United States with respect
to the research and development of key tech-
nologies for future wireless telecommuni-
cations standards and infrastructure;
United States requires the United States to
maintain its leadership in the research and
telecommunications standards and
infrastructure; and
'(3) that the national security and foreign
policy of the United States requires that the
importation of items that use, without a li-
cense, a claimed invention protected by a
patent that is essential for the implementa-
tion of a wireless communications standard
controlled to ensure the achievement of the
policies described in paragraphs (1) and (2).
WITH RESPECT TO WIRELESS COM-
MUNICATIONS RESEARCH AND DE-
'(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Com-
merce (in this section referred to as the 'Sec-
retary') shall establish and maintain a list of
each foreign entity that the Secretary deter-
'(1)(A) uses, without a license, a claimed
invention protected by a patent that is es-
sential for the implementation of a wireless
communications standard and is held by a
covered person; and
'(B) is a person of concern or has as its ul-
timate parent a person of concern; or
'(2) is a successor to an entity described in
tablish and maintain a watch list of each for-
"(A)(i) that is a person of concern or has as
its ultimate parent a person of concern; and
"(ii) with respect to which a covered per-
son has made the demonstration described in
paragraph (2) in a petition submitted to the
Secretary for the inclusion of the entity on
'(B) that is a successor to an entity de-
scribed in subparagraph (A).
'(2) DEMONSTRATION DESCRIBED.—
GENERAL.—A covered person has
made a demonstration described in this para-
onstrated to the secretary that-
"(i) the person owns at least one unexpired
patent that is essential for the implementa-
tion of a wireless communications standard;
'(ii) a foreign entity that is a person of
concern, or has as its ultimate parent a per-
son of concern, has been, for a period of more
than 180 days, selling wireless
tions devices in or into the United States, di-
rectly or indirectly,
beled, marketed, or advertised as complying
"(iii) the covered person has offered to the
foreign entity or any of its affiliates-
'(I) a license to the person's portfolio of
patents that are essential to that standard;
'(II) to enter into binding arbitration to
resolve the terms of such a license; and
"(iv) the foreign entity has not executed a
license agreement or an agreement to enter
into such arbitration, as the case may be, by
the date that is 180 days after the covered
person made such an offer.
'(B) DEMONSTRATION OF
ESSENTIALITY.—A
covered person may demonstrate under sub-
least one unexpired patent that is essential
for the implementation of a wireless commu-
nications standard by providing to the Sec-

===== PAGE 138 =====
{"alpha_words": 1224, "chars": 8146, "method": "ocr", "page": 138, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
"(i) A decision by a court or arbitral tri-
bunal that a patent owned by the person is
essential for the implementation of that
patent evaluator not hired by the
that a patent owned by the person is essen-
tial for the implementation of that standard.
'(iii) A showing that wireless communica-
counting for a significant portion
United States or world market for such de-
vices have entered into agreements for li-
censes to the person's portfolio of patents
that are essential for the implementation of
'(iv) A showing that the person has pre-
viously granted licenses to the foreign entity
described in subparagraph (A)(ii) or any of
similar portfolio of the person's patents that
are essential for the implementation of that
'(C) ACCOUNTING OF WIRELESS COMMUNICA-
TIONS DEVICE MARKET.—A showing described
in subparagraph (B)(iii) may be made either
by including or excluding wireless commu-
nications device manufacturers that are per-
sons of concern.
'(3) PROCEDURES.-
'(A) ADDING A FOREIGN ENTITY TO THE
'(i) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may add a
foreign entity to the watch list under para-
graph (1) only after notice and opportunity
for an agency hearing on the record in ac-
cordance with (except as provided in
(ii)) sections 554 through 557 of title 5, United
'(ii) MATTERS CONSIDERED AT HEARING.—An
agency hearing conducted under clause (1)—
'(I) shall be limited to consideration of-
'(aa) whether the demonstration described
in paragraph (2) has been reasonably made;
'(bb) the amount of bond to be required in
accordance with section 236; and
"(II) may not include the presentation or
consideration of legal or equitable defenses
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(A) persons in the country persistently
use, without obtaining a license, patents-
the implementation
wireless communications standards; and
"(ii) held by a covered person; and
'(B) that use of patents poses a threat to—
"(i) the ability of the
United States to
search and development infrastructure; and
security of the
pursuant to the policy set forth in
'(3) COVERED PERSON.—The term 'covered
person' means-
'(A) a covered United States person; or
"(B) an affiliate of a covered United States
'(i) headquartered in, or organized under
the laws of, a country that is a member of
the European Union or the North Atlantic
Treaty Organization; and
"(ii) engaged in wireless communications
"(4) COVERED UNITED STATES PERSON.—The
term 'covered United States person' means a
communications research and development
in the United States.
'(5) PERSON OF CONCERN.—The term 'person
of concern' means a person that is-
'(A) an individual who is a citizen or na-
tional (as defined in section 101(a) of the Im-
1101(a))) of a country of concern; or
'(B) an entity that is headquartered in, or
organized under the laws of, a country of
'(ii) a successor of such an entity; or
'(iii) an affiliate of an entity described in
clause (i) or (ii); and
'(B) that is claimed, labeled, marketed, or
advertised as complying with a wireless com-
munications standard that was the basis for
the inclusion of the foreign
entity on the
'(1) IN GENERAL.—If a foreign entity on the
watch list required by section 235(b) is moved
to the list required by section 235(a) and be-
comes subject to controls under subsection
(a), a bond paid under subsection (b) shall be
forfeited to a covered United States person
section 235(b)(2) with respect to the entity.
CONDITIONS.—The
retary of Commerce shall prescribe the pro-
cedures and any terms or conditions under
which bonds will be forfeited under
'United States person' means-
'(A) an individual who is a United States
citizen or an alien lawfully admitted for per-
manent residence to the United States;
'(B) an entity organized under the laws of
the United States or any jurisdiction within
the United States, including a foreign branch
'(C) any person in the United States.
bond under this section shall be non-inter-
"(e) DEFINITIONS.-In this
terms 'affiliate' and 'covered United States
person' have the meanings given those terms
in section 235(d)."
(b) CONTROLS ON IMPORTS OF GOODS OR
TECHNOLOGY AGAINST PERSONS THAT
of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C.
1864) is amended to read as follows:
"SEC. 233. IMPORT SANCTIONS FOR EXPORT VIO-
'(a) IN GENERAL.
subsection (b) may be subject to such con-
nology into the United States as the Presi-
dent may prescribe
scribed in this subsection is a person that-
"(1) violates any national security export
control imposed under section 1755 of the Ex-
as provided in subparagraph (A), the func-
tions exercised under this section and sec-
tion 236 shall not be subject to sections 551,
553 through 559, or 701 through 706 of title 5,
'(C) MOVEMENT BETWEEN LISTS.—A foreign
section (b)(1) may be moved to the list re-
quired by subsection (a), pursuant to proce-
after the date that is one year after being in-
cluded on the watch list if the foreign entity
is not able to reasonably demonstrate that it
has entered into a patent license agreement
or a binding arbitration agreement with each
onstration described in subsection (b)(2) with
"(d) REMOVAL FROM LISTS.—A foreign enti-
ty on the list required by subsection (a) or
on the watch list required by
(b)(1) may petition the Secretary to be re-
moved from that list on the basis that the
conditions that led to the inclusion of the
foreign entity on the list no longer exist.
The burden of proof shall be on the foreign
'(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
"(1) AFFILIATE.—The term 'affiliate', with
respect to an entity, means any entity that
owns or controls, is owned or controlled by,
or is under common ownership or control
'country of concern' means
respect to which the Secretary determines
cellular wireless telecommuni-
cations standard, including such a standard
promulgated by the 3rd Generation Partner-
ship Project (commonly known as '3GPP') or
the 3rd Generation Partnership
(commonly known as '3GPP2'); or
'(B) a wireless local area network stand-
ard, including such a standard designated as
IEEE 802.11 as developed by the Institute of
monly known as the 'IEEE').
"SEC. 236. IMPORT SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO
THREATEN NATIONAL SECURITY.
"(a) IN GENERAL.—Any foreign entity on
subject to such controls on the importing of
goods or technology into the United States
as the President may prescribe.
"(b) ENTRY UNDER BOND.-
scribed by the President, a product described
in paragraph (2) may not enter the United
States except under bond prescribed by the
Secretary of Commerce in an amount deter-
mined by the Secretary to be sufficient to
protect from injury a covered United States
ae-
scribed in section 235(b)(2) with respect to
the entity that has been selling the product
directly or indirectly in or into the United
'(2) PRODUCTS DESCRIBED.—A product de-
scribed in this paragraph is a wireless com-
'(A) produced or sold by
'(i) a foreign entity on the watch list re-
issued under that section; or
"(2) raises a national security concern
"(A) section 235 or any regulation, order,
or license issued under that section; or
"(B) the Export Control Reform Act of 2018
order, or license issued under that Act."
amendment intended to be proposed by
him to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize
appropriations for fiscal year 2022 for
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, insert
CRYPTOCURRENCY AS LEGAL TEN-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State, in coordination with
the heads of other relevant Federal depart-
ments and agencies,
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-
ate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of
the House of Representatives a report on the
adoption by the Government of El Salvador
of a cryptocurrency as legal tender.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following:
(1) A description of the process followed by

===== PAGE 139 =====
{"alpha_words": 1192, "chars": 8158, "method": "ocr", "page": 139, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
and enact the Bitcoin Law (Legislative De- SEC. 1054. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-
cree No. 57, Official Record No. 110, Volume
FICE REPORT ON OVERSIGHT OF
431, enacted June 9, 2021), which provides the
INTERNATIONAL LIFE SCIENCES RE-
cryptocurrency, Bitcoin,
SEARCH COLLABORATION.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Comptroller General of the United States
(A) the regulatory framework in El Sal-
shall submit a report to the appropriate con-
vador with respect to the adoption of a
gressional committees on the following mat-
cryptocurrency as legal tender and the tech-
nical capacity of El Salvador to effectively
(1) An audit of United States Government
mitigate the financial integrity
security risks associated with virtual-asset
erning cooperation with other nations as it
relates to life sciences research that could be
(B) whether the regulatory framework in
El Salvador meets the requirements of the
Financial Action Task Force with respect to
weaponized or pose dual-use concerns,
as pathogens or toxins, synthetic biology,
and related emerging technologies, and the
which these authorities, policies.
(C) whether the regulatory framework for
and processes account for national security,
the adoption of a cryptocurrency as legal
tender in El Salvador meets the guidelines
proliferation, and country-specific consider-
set forth by the Group of Seven in the docu-
ment entitled 'Public Policy Principles for
Retail Central Bank Digital
November 4, 2021
subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations,
the Committee on Health, Education, Labor,
and Pensions, and the Committee on Armed
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the
Committee on Energy and Commerce, and
(d) FoRM OF REPORT.—The report required
under subsection (a) shall be submitted in
unclassified form, but may include a classi-
(i) the macroeconomic stability and public
(ii) the rule of law, democratic governance,
and respect for inalienable rights in El Sal-
(iii) bilateral and international efforts to
combat transnational illicit activities; and
(iv) El Salvador's bilateral economic rela-
tionship with the United States;
(3) a description of internet infrastructure
of El Salvador and an assessment of—
(A) the degree to which cryptocurrency is
(B) access to transparent and affordable
the unbanked population of El Salvador.
(C) PLAN TO MITIGATE RISKS TO
STATES FINANCIAL SYSTEM.—Not later than
90 days after the submittal of the report re-
quired by subsection (a),
the Secretary,
coordination with the heads of the relevant
Federal departments and agencies, shall sub-
mit to the Committee on Foreign Relations
of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign
House of Representatives a
plan to mitigate any potential risk to the
United States financial system posed by the
adoption of a cryptocurrency as legal tender
(d) SUBSEQUENT REPORT.—Not later than
270 days after the submittal of the report re-
quired by subsection (a),
the Secretary,
coordination with the heads of other rel-
shall submit to the Committee on Foreign
Relations of the Senate and the Committee
on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-
atives an updated version of such report, in-
cluding a description of any significant de-
velopment related to the risks to the United
States financial system posed by the use of a
cryptocurrency as legal tender in DI Sal-
4453. Mr. RISCH submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle F of title X, insert
(2) An assessment of the degree of coordi-
agencies responsible for public health
paredness and the governance of biomedical
research and Federal departments and agen-
cies responsible for national security, espe-
State, to assess and account for security im-
plications of cooperation with other nations
(b) ELEMENTS.-
subsection (a) shall address the following
(1) The Federal department or agencies or
other governmental
funding or other material support for life
sciences research, especially
(2) The authorities, policies, and processes
that currently exist for reviewing, approv-
and monitoring grant funding or other
material support for biological research with
other nations, including a description of all
the steps involved reviewing, approving, and
monitoring such funding or other support.
(3) Which Federal departments and agen-
including specific bureaus and offices,
are involved in the authorities, policies, and
processes described in paragraph (2).
(4) The circumstances under which Federal
departments and agencies apply enhanced re-
view, monitoring, and coordination to pro-
posed collaboration, as well as an analysis of
the extent to which and how national secu-
rity, proliferation, or country-specific con-
siderations, such as a nation's adherence to
among the circumstances that trigger en-
States Government should fund a particular
(5) The information required to be included
in an application for United States Govern-
ment funding of life sciences research to ad-
country-specific
across departments and agencies.
ments and agencies with national security
responsibilities have visibility into the infor-
mation described in paragraph (5) prior to an
award being made,
even if grantees are ap-
plying to funding from another Federal de-
(7) The processes and timeline by
funds are issued to the awardee
after a grant or other funding award is made,
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be
proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add
SEC. 1283. LIMITATION ON REMOVING GOVERN-
MENT OF CUBA FROM STATE SPON-
LONGER PROVIDES SANCTUARY TO
TERRORISTS AND UNITED STATES
The President may not remove Cuba from
the list of state sponsors of terrorism until
the President, without delegation,
and reports to Congress that the Government
of Cuba has ceased to provide sanctuary to
terrorists and United States fugitives.
SA 4455. Mr. RISCH submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
After section 1537, insert the following:
SEC. 1538. BRIEFING ON CONSULTATIONS WITH
UNITED STATES ALLIES REGARDING
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than January
31, 2022, the Secretary of Defense,
brief the appropriate congressional commit-
tees on all consultations with United States
allies regarding the 2021 Nuclear Posture Re-
(b) ELEMENTS.—The briefing required by
subsection (a) shall include the following:
(1) A listing of all countries consulted with
respect to the 2021 Nuclear Posture Review,
including the dates and circumstances
(2) An overview of the topics and concepts
such consultations, including any discussion
of potential changes to the nuclear declara-
tory policy of the United States.
including how
ments and agencies with national security
such research after funds are awarded.
(C) REPORT SUBMISSION.—Within 15 days of
the completion of the report required under
briefing required by sub-
section (a) shall be conducted in both in an
unclassified and classified format.

===== PAGE 140 =====
{"alpha_words": 1139, "chars": 7993, "method": "ocr", "page": 140, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and
SA 4456. Mr. RISCH (for himself and
Mr. MURPHY) submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to amendment
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
4350, to authorize appropriations for
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy,
strengths for such fiscal year, and for
lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title XII, add the following:
Subtitle H-Diplomatic Support and Security
SEC. 1291. SHORT TITLE.
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Diplo-
matic Support and Security Act of 2021".
Congress makes the following findings:
(1) A robust overseas diplomatic presence
is an effective foreign policy, particularly in
unstable environments where a flexible and
timely diplomatic response
in preventing and addressing
(2) Diplomats routinely put themselves and
their families at great personal risk to serve
their country overseas where they increas-
face threats related to international
health, among others.
(3) The Department of State has a remark-
able record of protecting personnel while en-
abling an enormous amount of global diplo-
matic activity, often in unsecure and remote
places and facing a variety of evolving risks
and threats. With support from Congress, the
Department of State has revised policy, im-
proved physical security through retrofitting
and replacing old facilities,
tional security personnel and armored vehi-
cles, and greatly enhanced training require-
ments and facilities, including the new For-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(A) meet outside United States secured fa- the Department of State and a report pro-
cilities with foreign leaders to explain, de-
duced for the Secretary providing a full ac-
fend, and advance United States priorities;
count of what occurred.
(B) understand and report on foreign polit-
'(B) EXCEPTION.—A Serious Security Inci-
through meeting and interacting with com-
munity officials outside of United States fa-
where the Secretary determines that a case
clearly involves only causes unrelated to se-
(C) provide United States citizen services
be are often a matter of life and
death in unsecure places; and
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3)
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively;
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
with other diplomatic missions,
People's Republic of China, that do not have
the same restrictions on meeting locations.
(7) Given these stakes, Congress has a re-
sponsibility to empower, support, and hold
the Department of State accountable for im-
plementing an aggressive presence strategy
quately considers the myriad direct and indi-
rect consequences of a lack of presence.
ENCOURAGING EXPEDITIONARY DI-
Subsection (b) of section 102
of the Diplomatic Security Act (22 U.S.C.
4801(b)) is amended-
(1) by amending paragraph (3) to read as
measures, institutionalize a culture of learn-
ing, and, in the case of apparent gross neg-
ligence or breach of duty, recommend the Di-
rector General of the Foreign Service inves-
tigate accountability for United States Gov-
ernment personnel with security-related re-
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5)
as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and
(3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
'(4) to support a culture of risk manage-
ment, instead of risk avoidance, that enables
the Department of State to pursue its vital
goals with full knowledge that it is not de-
sirable nor possible for the Department to
(b) BRIEFINGS ON EMBASSY SECURITY.—Sec-
tion 105(a)(1) of the Diplomatic Security Act
(22 U.S.C. 4804(a)) is amended-
(1) by striking "any plans to open or re-
open a high risk, high threat post"
serting "progress towards opening or reopen-
ing high risk, high threat posts, and the risk
to national security of the continued closure
and remaining barriers to doing so";
(2) in subparagraph (A), by striking "the
type and level of security threats such post
national security of the post's continued clo-
(3) in subparagraph (C), by inserting "the
type and level of security threats such post
shall determine the composition
the SRC and designate a Chairperson.
bers of the SRC shall, at a minimum, include
representative of the Under Sec-
retary of State for Management, who shall
'(B) The Assistant Secretary responsible
for the region where the incident occurred.
'(C) The Assistant Secretary for Diplo-
'(D) The Assistant Secretary for the Bu-
reau of Intelligence and Research.
resentative from any involved United States
Government department or agency.
'(F) Other personnel
as determined nec-
essary or appropriate.'; and
(D) by adding at the end the following new
'(5) REGULATIONS.—The Secretary of State
promulgate regulations defining
membership and operating procedures for the
SRC and provide to the Chairmen and rank-
ing members of the Committee on Foreign
Relations of the Senate and the Committee
on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-
atives, in writing, a description of how the
SRC will be structured with respect to any
other standing committees.";
(3) in subsection (b)-
(A) in paragraph (1)-
(i) by striking "Except as" and all that fol-
Secretary of State shall convene a SRC";
(ii) by striking "for the convening of the
striking "Board"
each place it appears and inserting 'SRC';
(4) However, there is broad consensus that
the pendulum has swung too far
eliminating risk, excessively inhibiting dip-
bassy closures, reducing footprints, and post-
poning or denying travel requests.
staffing and ambitious external engagement
to advance United States interests as diverse
as competing with China's malign influence
and addressing violent conflict and humani-
businesses and trade, protecting the rights of
change, and preventing pandemic disease.
rently provides annual appropriations in ex-
of $1,900,000,000 for
construction, and maintenance, the Depart-
ment of State is unable to fully transform
this considerable investment into true over-
seas presence given excessive movement and
safety restrictions that inhibit the ability of
INVESTIGATION OF SERIOUS SECU-
(a) Section 301 of the Diplomatic Security
Act of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4831) is amended-
(1) in the section heading, by striking 'AC-
COUNTABILITY REVIEW BOARDS"
"SECURITY REVIEW COMMITTEES';
(A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as
"(1) CONVENING THE SECURITY REVIEW COM-
"(A) IN GENERAL.—In any case of a serious
security incident involving loss of life, seri-
property at, or related to, a United States
abroad, and in any case of a serious breach of
security involving intelligence activities of a
foreign government directed at a USG mis-
sion abroad, a Security Review Committee
(SRC) into the event shall be convened by
(A) by striking "convenes a Board" and in-
serting "convenes a SRC";
(B) by adding "and ranking member" after
(C) by striking "Speaker" and all that fol-
lows through the period at the end of para-
graph (3) and inserting "chairman and rank-
ing member of the Committee of Foreign Af-
fairs of the House of Representatives."
(b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING
Section 302 of the Diplomatic Secu-
rity Act (22 U.S.C. 4832) is amended-
(1) in the section heading, by striking 'AC-
COUNTABILITY REVIEW BOARD"
"SECURITY REVIEW COMMITTEE'; and
pears and inserting "SRC"
SEC. 1295. SERIOUS SECURITY INCIDENT INVES-
Section 303 of the Diplomatic Security Act
of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4833) is amended to read as
"SEC. 303. SERIOUS SECURITY INCIDENT INVES-
'(a) INVESTIGATION PROCESS.
'(1) INITIATION.—The Serious Security In-
cident review process begins when a United
States mission reports a serious security in-
cident at the mission, including an initial re-
port within three days of the event.
'(2) INVESTIGATION.—The Diplomatic Secu-
rity Service shall assemble an investigative

===== PAGE 141 =====
{"alpha_words": 1264, "chars": 8521, "method": "ocr", "page": 141, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
team to carry out the investigation of an in- rity procedures operated as intended, and
cident reported under paragraph (1). The in-
whether such systems worked to materially
vestigation shall cover the following mat-
mitigate the attack or were found to be inad-
equate to mitigate the threat and attack.
'(A) An assessment of what occurred, who
'(3) If the incident involved an individual
perpetrated or is suspected of having per-
or group of officers conducting an approved
petrated the attack, and whether applicable
operation outside the mission, a determina-
security procedures were followed.
tion whether a valid process was followed in
'(B) In the event the security incident was
an attack on a United States diplomatic
compound, motorcade, residence, or other fa-
cility, a determination whether adequate se-
curity countermeasures were in effect based
weighing the risk of the operation. Such de-
termination shall not seek to
countability for the incident unless the SRC
determines that an official breached their
on known threat at the time of the incident.
'(C) If the incident was an attack on an in-
'(4) An assessment of the impact of intel-
dividual or group of officers, employees, or
family members under chief of mission au-
whether the mission was aware of the gen-
conducting approved operations or
movements outside the United States mis-
sion, a determination whether proper secu-
more specific threat intelligence or informa-
tion and took that into account in ongoing
rity briefings and procedures were in place
threat and weighing of risk of the operation
'(D) An assessment of whether the failure
of any officials or employees to follow proce-
dures or perform their duties contributed to
'(b) SRC REPORT.—Not later than 30 days
the Report of Investigation
prepared under section 303(b), the SRC shall
"(b) REPORT OF INVESTIGATION.—The inves-
submit a report to the Secretary of State in-
tigative team shall prepare a Report of In-
cluding the findings under subsection (a) and
vestigation at the conclusion of the Serious
Security Incident Investigation and submit
the report to the SRC. The report shall in-
clude the following elements:
than 90 days after receiving the report, the
Secretary of State shall submit the report to
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the
'(1) A detailed description of the matters
set forth in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of
subsection (a)(2), including all related find-
fairs of the House of Representatives.
PERSONNEL RECOMMENDATIONS.-
"(2) An accurate account of the casualties,
injured, and damage resulting from the inci-
'(3) A review of security procedures and di-
rectives in place at the time of the incident.
'(C) CONFIDENTIALITY.—The investigative
team shall adopt such procedures
spect to confidentiality as determined nec-
essary, including procedures relating to the
conduct of closed proceedings or the submis-
sion and use of evidence in camera, to ensure
in particular the protection of classified in-
formation relating to national defense, for-
eign policy, or intelligence matters.
rector of National Intelligence shall estab-
lish the level of protection required for intel-
ligence information and for information re-
lating to intelligence personnel included in
report under subsection (b).
shall determine the level of classification of
304(b), but shall incorporate the same con-
fidentiality measures in such report to the
maximum extent practicable.".
BY THE [SECURITY REVIEW
Section 304 of the Diplomatic Security Act
of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4834) is amended to read as
'(a) FINDINGS.—The Security Review Com-
mittee shall review the Report of Investiga-
tion prepared under section 303(b), all other
evidence, reporting, and relevant informa-
tion relating to a serious security incident
at a United States mission abroad, including
cumstances surrounding any serious injuries,
loss of life, or significant destruction of
shall make the following written findings:
'(1) Whether the incident abroad was secu-
rity related and constituted a serious secu-
'(2) If the incident involved a diplomatic
mission facility, whether the security sys-
Such other facts and circumstances
that may be relevant to the appropriate se-
section 303, the investigative
vidual described in section 303(a)(2)(D) has
breached the duty of that individual or finds
lesser failures on the part of an individual in
the performance of his or her duties related
to the incident, it shall be reported to the
If the SRC find reasonable
support the determination,
ported to the Director General of the For-
eign Service for appropriate action."
SEC. 1297. RELATION TO OTHER PROCEEDINGS.
Section 305 of the Diplomatic Security Act
of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4835) is amended-
(1) by inserting '(a) No EFFECT ON ExIST-
ING REMEDIES OR DEFENSES.—" before 'Noth-
(2) by adding at the end the following new
FUTURE INQUIRIES.—Nothing in
title shall be construed to preclude the Sec-
retary of State from convening a follow-up
public board of inquiry to investigate any se-
curity incident if the incident was of such
magnitude or significance that an internal
process is deemed insufficient to understand
and investigate the incident. All materials
procedures provided
under this title shall be provided to any re-
lated board of inquiry convened by the Sec-
SA 4457. Mr.
RISCH submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department of
for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
On page 638, strike lines 18 and 19 and in-
mit to the Committee on Armed Services
and the Committee on Foreign Relations of
November 4, 2021
and the Committee on Armed
Services and the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs of the House of Representatives a re-
port on the obstructions
SA 4458. Mr. TILLIS submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
LIMITATION ON ADJUSTMENT OF
(a) AMENDMENT.—Section 154(b)(2) of title
35, United States Code, is amended
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking
patent" and inserting "Except as provided in
subparagraph (D), no patent"; and
(2) by adding at the end the following:
'(D) EXCEPTION.—Subparagraph
not apply to a patent for which is a terminal
disclaimer has been filed over a later-issued
which there is a specific reference under sec-
nally disclaimed patent and the later-issued
patent is the same; or
"(II) the earliest-filed application to which
120, 121, 365(c), or 386(c) in the later-issued
patent is the application that was issued as
the terminally disclaimed patent;
'(ii) the patents are commonly owned; and
"(iii) the later-issued patent is in force on
(b) APPLICABILITY.—The amendments made
by subsection (a) shall apply only to a patent
for which a terminal disclaimer is filed after
the date of enactment of this Act.
SA 4459. Mr. CORNYN submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
• TREATMENT OF EXEMPTIONS AND
RECORDKEEPING UNDER FARA.
(a) LIMITATION ON EXEMPTIONS.-
1938, as amended (22 U.S.C. 613), is amended.
in the matter preceding subsection (a), by in-
", except that the exemptions under
subsections (d)(1) and (h) shall not apply
any agent of a foreign principal that is in-
cluded on the list maintained by the Assist-
ant Secretary of Commerce for Communica-
tions and Information under section 5(b)" be-
SARIES.—Section 5 of the
Registration Act of 1938, as amended (22

===== PAGE 142 =====
{"alpha_words": 1140, "chars": 8051, "method": "ocr", "page": 142, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(A) by striking the section designation and
heading and all that follows through the end
of the first sentence and inserting the fol-
"SEC. 5. BOOKS OF ACCOUNT AND RECORDS; LIST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(1) the term "community college' has the
meaning given the term "junior or commu-
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1058);
(2) the term "consortium'
means a group
"(a) BooKs oF ACCOUNT AND RECORDS.—Ex-
primarily composed of nonprofit entities, in-
cluding academic institutions,
update, and deliver cybersecurity training in
that is registered under this Act shall main-
tain, during the period of service as an agent
of a foreign principal, all books of account
and other records with respect to the activi-
ties of the agent of a foreign principal the
support of homeland security;
(3) the terms 'cybersecurity risk" and 'in-
cident" have the meanings given those terms
in section 2209(a) of the Homeland Security
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 659(a));
(4) the term 'Department" means the De-
Act, in accordance with such business and partment of Homeland Security;
accounting practices as the Attorney Gen-
(5) the term "Hispanic-serving institution"
eral, having due regard for the national secu-
has the meaning given the term in section
rity and the public interest, determines,
regulation, to be necessary or appropriate
502 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20
for the enforcement of this Act, and preserve
those books and records for a period of not
"historically Black college
and university" has the meaning given the
less than 3 years after the date
nation of the status of the agent as an agent
the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C.
of a foreign principal."; and
(B) by adding at the end the following:
"minority-serving
AGENTS OF FOREIGN ADVER-
merce for Communications and Information
shall establish a list of, and any relevant in-
formation relating to, each agent of a for-
eign principal that is a foreign adversary (as
section 8(c) of the Secure and
Trusted Communications Networks
2019 (47 U.S.C. 1607(c))). The Assistant Sec-
retary of Commerce for Communications and
Information shall update and maintain the
list and any related information under this
subsection as the Assistant Secretary deter-
mines to be necessary and appropriate."
(2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—Section 7 of
the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938,
as amended (22 U.S.C. 617), is amended, in the
first sentence, by striking "and 5" and in-
cation described in section 371(a) of the High-
er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067q(a));
retary of Homeland Security;
(9) The term "State" means any State of
the United States, the District of Columbia,
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico,
Mariana Islands, and any posses-
sion of the United States;
"Tribal Colleges and Univer-
sities" has the meaning given the term in
section 316 of the Higher Education Act of
(11) the term 'Tribal organization" has the
meaning given the term in section 4(e) of the
(C) NATIONAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND IN-
FORMATION ADMINISTRATION PROGRAM MODI-
FICATION.—Section 8(a)(2) of the Secure and
Trusted Communications Networks Act of
2019 (47 U.S.C. 1607(a)(2)) is amended-
subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking
Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304(e)).
(2) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting '; and'; and
(3) by adding at the end the following:
(5) help States, Tribal organizations, and
communities develop cybersecurity informa-
tion sharing programs, in accordance with
section 2209 of the Homeland Security Act of
2002 (6 U.S.C. 659), for the dissemination of
homeland security information related to
cybersecurity risks and incidents;
(6) help incorporate cybersecurity risk and
incident prevention and response into exist-
ing State, Tribal, and local emergency plans,
including continuity of operations plans; and
(7) assist States and Tribal organizations
in developing cybersecurity plans.
(C) CONSIDERATIONS REGARDING SELECTION
OF A CONSORTIUM.—In selecting a consortium
with which to work under this subtitle, the
Secretary shall take into consideration the
(1) Prior experience conducting cybersecu-
education, and exercises for
(2) Geographic diversity of the members of
any such consortium so as to maximize cov-
erage of the different regions of the United
(3) The participation in such consortium of
1 or more historically Black colleges and
Tribal Colleges and Universities, other mi-
nority-serving institutions,
and community
colleges that participate in the
Centers of Excellence in Cybersecurity pro-
gram, as carried out by the Department.
(d) METRICS.—If the Secretary works with
a consortium under subsection (a), the Sec-
retary shall measure the effectiveness of the
(e) OUTREACH.—The Secretary shall con-
universities and colleges,
including, in particular, outreach to histori-
cally Black colleges and universities, His-
and Universities, other minority-serving in-
and community colleges, regard-
ing opportunities to support efforts to ad-
cybersecurity risks and incidents,
working with the Secretary under subsection
list of, and any relevant information relating
to, each foreign adversary identified for pur-
SA 4460. Mr. CORNYN (for himself
and Mr. LEAHY) submitted an amend-
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of
the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may work
with 1 or more consortia to support efforts to
address cybersecurity risks and incidents.
may work with 1 or more consortia to carry
out the responsibility of the Secretary under
section 2209(e)(1)(P) of the Homeland Secu-
rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 659(e)(1)(P)) to-
(1) provide training and education to State,
Tribal, and local first responders and offi-
cials specifically for preparing for and
dents, in accordance with applicable law;
(2) develop and update a curriculum
lizing existing training and educational pro-
grams and models in accordance with section
2209 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6
U.S.C. 659), for State, Tribal, and local first
responders and officials, related to cyberse-
(3) provide technical
assistance services,
training, and educational programs to build
and sustain capabilities in
paredness for and response to cybersecurity
including threats and
of terrorism, in accordance with such
Nothing in this subtitle may be construed
to authorize a consortium to control or di-
rect any law enforcement agency in the exer-
cise of the duties of the law enforcement
training, education, and simulation exercises
ernments and Tribal organizations, critical
infrastructure owners and operators, and pri-
vate industry, to encourage community-wide
Preparedness Consortium Act
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Na-
tional Cybersecurity Preparedness Consor-
dents, in accordance with section 2210(c) of
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C.
SA 4461. Mr. WARNER (for himself
and Mr. RUBIO) submitted an
ment intended to be
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
—INTELLIGENCE AUTHOR-
IZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2022
SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS.
TITLE.—This division may
cited as the 'Intelligence Authorization Act
for Fiscal Year 2022'
(b) TABLE OF CONTENTS.—The table of con-
tents for this division is as follows:
-INTELLIGENCE AUTHOR-
IZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2022
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents.

===== PAGE 143 =====
{"alpha_words": 751, "chars": 5651, "method": "ocr", "page": 143, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7950
TITLE I-INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES
Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations.
Sec. 102.
Classified Schedule of Authoriza-
tions.
Sec. 103. Intelligence Community Manage-
ment Account.
TITLE
II-CENTRAL
AGENCY
RETIREMENT
ABILITY SYSTEM
Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations.
TITLE III-GENERAL INTELLIGENCE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD—SENATE
November 4, 2021
Sec. 322. Definitions and authorities regard- Sec. 355. Report on influence of People's Re-
and information of urgent con-
Sec. 323. Harmonization
of whistleblower
INTELLIGENCE
AND
DIS-
Sec. 324. Prohibition
against disclosure of
Subtitle A-Intelligence Community Matters
Sec. 301. Increasing agricultural and com-
mercial intelligence measures.
Sec. 325. Congressional
oversight of con-
providers of services relating to
sensitive compartmented infor-
Subtitle C-Reports and Assessments
Pertaining to the Intelligence Community
Sec. 331. Report on efforts to build an inte-
grated hybrid space architec-
Sec. 303. Plan
geospatial intelligence data and
services program office.
Sec. 304. Investment strategy for commer-
on Project Maven transi-
Sec. 333. Assessment of intelligence commu-
nity counternarcotics capabili-
Sec. 305. Central Intelligence Agency Acqui-
sition Innovation Center re-
Sec. 306. Improving authorities
counterintelligence
Sec. 334. Assessment of intelligence commu-
nity's intelligence-sharing rela-
tionships with Latin American
partners in counternarcotics.
Sec. 335. Report on United States Southern
Command intelligence capabili-
Sec. 307. Removal of Chief Information Offi-
cer of the Intelligence Commu-
nity from level IV of the Execu-
Sec. 336. Director of National Intelligence
report on trends in technologies
Sec. 308. Requirements relating to construc-
tion of facilities to be used pri-
marily by intelligence commu-
Sec. 337. Report on Nord Stream II compa-
nies and intelligence ties.
Sec. 338. Assessment of Organization of De-
Sec. 309. Director of National Intelligence
search activities.
support for intelligence com-
Sec. 339. Report on intelligence community
munity diversity, equity, inclu-
support to Visas Mantis pro-
sion, and accessibility activi-
Sec. 340. Plan for artificial intelligence dig-
Establishment of Diversity, Equity,
and Inclusion Officer of the In-
Sec. 341. Study on utility of expanded per-
sonnel management authority.
Sec. 311. Annual report evaluating collabo-
the National
Reconnaissance Office and the
groups in domestic violent ex-
Sec. 312. Director of National Intelligence
declassification review of infor-
mation relating to terrorist at-
Sec. 343. Report on
the assessment of all-
source cyber intelligence infor-
Sec. 344. Review of National Security Agen-
Sec. 313. Establishment of Chaplain Corps of
the Central Intelligence Agen-
Sec. 345. Support for
and oversight of Un-
Sec. 314. Pilot program on recruitment and
ligence and Analysis of the De- Sec. 316. Publication of unclassified appen-
reports on intel-
Sec. 315. Pilot program on student loan re-
payment at Office
ligence and Analysis of Depart-
tion in Vulnerabilities Equities
Sec. 316. Prohibition on collection and anal-
ysis of United States persons'
Sec. 347. Report on future structure and re-
sponsibilities of Foreign Malign
Sec. 317. Sense of the Senate on the use of
Subtitle D—People's Republic of China
Sec. 351. Assessment of posture and capabili-
ties of intelligence community
with respect to actions of the
People's Republic of China tar-
sources for collection, assess-
ment, and analysis of informa-
Sec. 352. Plan to cooperate with intelligence
tion pertaining exclusively to
United States persons absent a
logical competition with Peo-
Subtitle B-Inspector General of the
Sec. 353. Assessment of People's Republic of
Intelligence Community
Sec. 321. Submittal of complaints and infor-_
Sec. 354. Updates to annual reports on influ-
whistleblowers
ence operations and campaigns
the intelligence community to
in the United States by the Chi-
Road Initiative
Sec. 356. Study on the creation of an official
digital currency by the People's
Republic of China.
Sec. 357. Report on efforts of Chinese Com-
munist Party to erode freedom
and autonomy in Hong Kong.
Sec. 358. Report on targeting of renewable
TITLE IV-ANOMALOUS HEALTH
Sec. 401. Definition of anomalous health in-
Sec. 402. Assessment and report on inter-
agency communication relating
to efforts to address anomalous
Sec. 403. Advisory panel
the Office of
Medical Services of the Central
Intelligence Agency.
anomalous health incidents.
Sec. 405. Reporting on occurrence of anoma-
Sec. 406. Access
United States Government for
TITLE V-SECURITY CLEARANCES AND
transparency in security clear-
ance procedures, and right to
Sec. 502. Federal policy on sharing of derog-
atory information pertaining to
contractor employees
timeliness for personnel mobil-
Sec. 504. Governance of Trusted Workforce
TITLE VI-OTHER INTELLIGENCE
Sec. 602. Reports on intelligence support for
at Arms of the Senate and the
the United States Capitol Po-
Sec. 603. Study on vulnerability of Global
Positioning System to hostile
Sec. 604. Authority for transportation of fed-
erally owned canines associated
(1) CONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE COMMIT-
"congressional intelligence
committees" has the
term in section 3 of the National Security
"intelligence community" has the meaning
given such term in such section.
TITLE I-INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2022 for the conduct of
the intelligence and intelligence-related ac-
(1) The Office of the Director of National
(2) The Central Intelligence Agency.

===== PAGE 144 =====
{"alpha_words": 1005, "chars": 7373, "method": "ocr", "page": 144, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(3) The Department of Defense.
(4) The Defense Intelligence Agency.
(5) The National Security Agency.
(6) The Department of the Army, the De-
partment of the Navy, and the Department
(7) The Coast Guard.
(8) The Department of State.
(9) The Department of the Treasury.
(10) The Department of Energy.
(11) The Department of Justice.
(12) The Federal Bureau of Investigation
(13) The Drug Enforcement Administra-
(14) The National Reconnaissance Office.
(15) The National Geospatial-Intelligence
(16) The Department of Homeland Secu-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
TITLE III-GENERAL INTELLIGENCE
Subtitle A-Intelligence Community Matters
SEC. 301. INCREASING AGRICULTURAL AND COM-
INTELLIGENCE
(a) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
the Director of the National Reconnaissance
Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, in consulta-
tion with the Director of National Intel-
ligence, shall jointly develop and submit to
the appropriate committees of Congress a
plan to establish a colocated joint commer-
cial geospatial intelligence data and services
(C) CONTENTS.—The plan required by sub-
section (b) shall include the following:
(1) Milestones for implementation of the
(2) An updated acquisition strategy that—
(A) provides for an annual evaluation of
with opportunities for new entrants;
(B) provides for a flexible contract ap-
proach that will rapidly leverage innovative
commercial geospatial intelligence data ca-
SEC. 102. CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE OF AUTHORIZA-
amounts authorized to be appropriated under
ligence activities of the elements listed in
paragraphs (1) through (17) of section 101, are
those specified in the classified Schedule of
Authorizations prepared to accompany this
(b) AVAILABILITY OF CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE
(1) AVAILABILITY.—The classified Schedule
of Authorizations referred to in subsection
(a) shall be made available to the Committee
on Appropriations of the Senate, the Com-
Representatives, and to the President.
(2) DISTRIBUTION BY THE PRESIDENT.—Sub-
ject to paragraph (3), the President shall pro-
vide for suitable distribution of the classified
subsection (a), or of appropriate portions of
within the executive branch
(3) LIMITS ON DISCLOSURE.—The President
publicly disclose
Schedule of Authorizations or any portion of
(A) as provided in section 601(a) of the Im-
Commission Act of 2007 (50 U.S.C. 3306(a));
(B) to the extent necessary to implement
(C) as otherwise required by law.
SEC. 103. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGE-
MENT ACCOUNT.
(a) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—
There is authorized to be appropriated for
the Intelligence Community
Account of the Director of National Intel-
ligence for fiscal year 2022 the
(b) CLASSIFIED AUTHORIZATION OF APPRO-
PRIATIONS.—In addition to amounts author-
ized to be appropriated for the Intelligence
Community Management Account by sub-
section (a), there are authorized to be appro-
priated for the Intelligence Community Man-
agement Account for fiscal year 2022 such ad-
ditional amounts as are specified in the clas-
sified Schedule of Authorizations referred to
in section 102(a).
TITLE II-CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGEN-
CY RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY SYS-
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.
There is authorized to be appropriated for
the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement
(1) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-
tion, and Forestry, the Committee on Armed
Science, and Transportation,
on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and
the Select Committee on Intelligence of the
Committee on
mittee on Energy and Commerce, the Com-
mittee on Financial Services,
manent Select Committee on Intelligence of
the House of Representatives.
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 120
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in
consultation with other appropriate Federal
Government entities, shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress a report
options for the
community to improve intelligence support
the Department of Agriculture and the
-The report required under sub-
section (b) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may include a classified annex, if
SEC. 302. PLAN FOR ALLOWING CONTRACTS WITH
PROVIDERS OF SERVICES RELATING
TO SENSITIVE COMPARTMENTED IN-
(a) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
(C) considers efficiencies to be gained from
geospatial intelligence data and services.
(3) An organizational structure of the joint
(A) shares responsibilities and equities be-
(B) specifies as the head of the office a rep-
resentative from the National Geospatial-In-
(C) specifies as the deputy head of the of-
fice a representative from the National Re-
SEC. 304. INVESTMENT STRATEGY FOR COMMER-
(a) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Armed Services of
(3) the Committee on Armed Services of
the House of Representatives.
days after the date of the enactment of this
the Director of National Intelligence
shall submit to the appropriate committees
of Congress a plan for allowing elements of
the intelligence community to contract with
providers of services relating to sensitive
compartmented information facilities for use
of those facilities by businesses and organi-
zations on contracts at multiple security
(C) ELEMENTS.—The plan required by sub-
section (b) shall include the following:
(1) An explanation of how the Director of
National Intelligence will leverage the con-
methodology the National Recon-
naissance Office has used to provide leased
sensitive compartmented information facil-
ity space to businesses and organizations.
incentivize Federal agencies to
the plan required by subsection (b).
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and
the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-
(3) the Committee on Armed Services and
AND SERVICES PROGRAM OFFICE.
-In this section, the term
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(3) the Committee on Armed Services of
the House of Representatives.
(b) PLAN REQUIRED.—Not later than 90 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
(b) STRATEGY REQUIRED.—Not later than 90
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Director of the National Geospatial-
the Director of National Intelligence and the
Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress an invest-
ment strategy for the acquisition of commer-
cial geospatial intelligence data services and
the National Geospatial-Intel-
(C) CONTENTS.—The strategy required by
subsection (b) shall include the following:
(1) A plan to increase purchases of unclas-
sified geospatial intelligence data
and analytics to meet global mission re-
quirements of the National Geospatial-Intel-
ligence Agency while maximizing enterprise
agreements for
(2) An articulation of the relationship be-
tween geospatial intelligence data and serv-
ices and how such data and services are pur-
chased, identifying in particular any chal-
pendent of the underlying data.
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY AC-
QUISITION INNOVATION CENTER RE-
(a) REQUIREMENT FOR REPORT AND STRAT-
EGY.—Not later than 120 days after the date
of the enactment of this Act, the Director of
the Central Intelligence Agency shall submit
the congressional intelligence commit-

===== PAGE 145 =====
{"alpha_words": 1056, "chars": 7667, "method": "ocr", "page": 145, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
(1) a report stating the mission and pur- (as defined in section 3 of the National Secu- "Sec. 1111. Support for intelligence commu-
pose of the Acquisition Innovation Center of
rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)), the National
Security Council, the Director of the Office
(2) a strategy for incorporating the Acqui-
sition Innovation Center into the standard
operating procedures and procurement and
acquisition practices of the Agency.
of Management and
tional Counterintelligence Policy Board".
REACH, WATCH, AND WARNING.—
SEC. 310. ESTABLISHMENT OF
UITY, AND INCLUSION OFFICER OF
THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY.
PLAN.—Not later than 120 days after the date
of the enactment of this Act,
shall, using the findings of the Director with
the report submitted under sub-
curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021 et seq.) is
amended by inserting after section 103J (50
"SEC. 103K. DIVERSITY, EQUITY, AND INCLUSION
intelligence committees an implementation
(1) how the Director will ensure the con-
tracting officers of the Agency and the tech-
nical representatives of the Acquisition In-
novation Center for the contracting officers
to the technical expertise
quired to inform requirements development,
technology maturity assessments, and moni-
technical industries, including telecommuni-
cations, software, aerospace, and large-scale
(3) projections for resources necessary to
support the Acquisition Innovation Center,
SEC. 306. IMPROVING AUTHORITIES RELATING
(a) DUTIES OF THE DIRECTOR OF THE NA-
TIONAL COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY
CENTER.—Section 902(c) of the Counterintel-
ligence Enhancement Act of 2002 (50 U.S.C.
3382(c)) is amended by adding at the end the
and lead strategic plan-
counterintelligence activities
Strategy objectives and other national coun-
terintelligence priorities by integrating all
instruments of national power,
diplomatic, financial, military,
homeland security, and coordination with
paragraph (7) of such section is amended by
striking "surveys of the vulnerability of the
United States Government, and the private
risk assessments and surveys of the vulner-
ability of the United States'
(B) OUTREACH.—Subparagraph (B) of such
paragraph is amended to read as follows:
'(i) OUTREACH PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES.-
To carry out and coordinate, consistent with
other applicable provisions of law and in con-
with appropriate Federal depart-
ments and agencies, outreach programs and
outreach activities on counterintelligence to
other elements of the United States Govern-
ment, State, local, and Tribal governments,
foreign governments and allies of the United
States, the private sector, and United States
"(ii) PUBLIC WARNINGS.—To coordinate the
dissemination to the public of warnings on
intelligence threats to the United States.".
SEC. 307. REMOVAL OF CHIEF INFORMATION OF-
FICER OF THE INTELLIGENCE COM-
MUNITY FROM LEVEL IV OF THE EX-
Section 5315 of title 5, United States Code,
is amended by striking
Officer of the Intelligence Community'.
REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO CON-
STRUCTION OF FACILITIES TO BE
USED PRIMARILY BY INTELLIGENCE
Section 602(a) of the Intelligence Author-
Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (50 U.S.C.
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking '$5,000,000"
'$6,000,000'; and
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking '$5,000,000"
'(a) DIVERSITY, EQUITY, AND INCLUSION OF-
THE INTELLIGENCE
Within the Office of the Director of National
Intelligence, there is a Diversity,
who shall be appointed by the
Director of National Intelligence.
Inclusion Officer of the Intelligence Commu-
'(1) serve as the principal advisor to the
Director of National Intelligence
Principal Deputy Director of National Intel-
ligence on diversity, equity, and inclusion in
the intelligence community;
'(2) lead the development and implementa-
tion of strategies and initiatives to advance
diversity, equity,
"(3) periorm such other duties, consistent
with paragraphs (1) and (2), as may be pre-
'(C) ANNUAL REPORTS TO CONGRESS.—Not
less frequently than once each year, the Di-
Equity, and Inclusion Officer of the
Intelligence Community shall submit to the
congressional intelligence communities a re-
port on the implementation of the strategies
and initiatives developed pursuant to sub-
section (b)(2) and the execution of related ex-
'(d) PROHIBITION ON SIMULTANEOUS SERVICE
AS OTHER DIVERSITY, EQUITY, AND INCLUSION
OR EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY OFFI-
CER.—An individual serving in
of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Officer of
the Intelligence Community may not, while
so serving, serve as either the Diversity, Fa-
uity, and Inclusion Officer or the Equal Em-
ployment Opportunity Officer of any other
department or agency, or component thereof,
of the United States Government.".
(b) CHANGES TO THE FUNCTIONS OF THE NA-
TIONAL COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY
(1) EVALUATION OF IMPLEMENTATION OF NA-
Paragraph (3) of section 904(d) of such Act (50
U.S.C. 3383(d)) is amended to read as follows:
TERINTELLIGENCE STRATEGY.—To evaluate on
an ongoing basis the implementation of the
the intelligence community and other appro-
priate elements of the United States Govern-
ment and to submit to the President, the
defined in section 3 of the National Security
Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)), the National Se-
curity Council, the Director of the Office of
Management and Budget, and the National
reports on such evaluation, including a dis-
cussion of any shortfalls in the implementa-
tion of the Strategy and recommendations
for remedies for such shortfalls.".
(2) NATIONAL COUNTERINTELLIGENCE PRO-
GRAM BUDGET.—Paragraph (5) of such section
(1) by inserting
(ii) by inserting 'in furtherance of the Na-
Counterintelligence
"of the Department of De-
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking "the
National Security Council"
"the congressional intelligence committees
BILITY ACTIVITIES.
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3231 et. seq.) is
amended by adding at the end the following:
"SEC. 1111. SUPPORT FOR INTELLIGENCE COM-
MUNITY DIVERSITY, EQUITY, INCLU-
SION, AND ACCESSIBILITY ACTIVI-
"(a) DEFINITION OF COVERED
ACTIVITIES.—In this section,
ered workforce activities' includes-
"(1) activities relating to the recruitment
or retention of personnel in the workforce of
the intelligence community; and
"(2) activities relating to the workforce of
the intelligence
community and diversity,
equity, inclusion, or accessibility.
ACTIVITIES.-Notwithstanding
any other provision of law and subject to the
availability of appropriations made available
to the Director of National Intelligence for
may, with or without reimbursement, sup-
port such covered workforce activities of the
various elements of the intelligence commu-
nity as the Director determines will benefit
the intelligence community as a whole."
contents at the beginning
amended by inserting after the item relating
to section 1110 the following:
amended by inserting after the item relating
to section 103J the following:
"Sec. 103K. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Officer of the Intelligence Com-
(C) LIMITATION.—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act may be
used to increase the number of full-time
equivalent employees of the Office of the Di-
rector of National Intelligence in order to
carry out section 103K of such Act, as added
(a) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the congressional defense committees
(as defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act and not less frequently than once each
year thereafter for 5 years, the Secretary of
the Air Force and the Director of National

===== PAGE 146 =====
{"alpha_words": 1326, "chars": 8555, "method": "ocr", "page": 146, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
with the Under Secretary of Defense for In-
telligence and Security, submit to the appro-
priate committees of Congress a report eval-
uating the partnership between the National
Reconnaissance Office and the Space Force.
under subsection (b) shall include
(1) A description of the division of labor be-
and the Space Force, including-
(A) shared missions and programs; and
(B) methods of collaboration.
(2) An evaluation of the ways in which the
Space Force are partnering on missions and
programs, including identification of lessons
deconflicting activities in the future.
(3) An examination of how resources pro-
vided from the National Intelligence Pro-
gram and the Military Intelligence Program
are allocated to or transferred between the
Reconnaissance
DECLASSIFICATION
VIEW OF INFORMATION RELATING
TERRORIST ATTACKS OF SEP-
(a) DECLASSIFICATION REVIEW REQUIRED.-
Not later than 30 days after the date of the
enactment of this Act, the Director of Na-
with the Director of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, the Director of the Central In-
other elements of the intelligence commu-
nity as the Director of National Intelligence
considers appropriate, commence a declas-
sification review, which the
tional Intelligence shall complete not later
than 120 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, to determine what additional in-
formation relating to the terrorist attacks of
September 11,
2001, can be appropriately de-
classified and shared with the public.
tion reviewed under subsection (a) shall in-
(1) Information relating to the direction,
and other support provided to
the individuals who carried out the terrorist
attacks of September 11, 2001.
(2) Information from Operation Encore and
the PENTTBOM investigation of the Federal
Bureau of Investigation.
Not later than 120 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
Director of National Intelligence shall sub-
mit to the Select Committee on Intelligence
and the Permanent Select
on Intelligence of the House of
Representatives a report on the findings of
the Director with respect to the declassifica-
tion review conducted under subsection (a).
SEC. 313. ESTABLISHMENT OF CHAPLAIN CORPS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
'(A) appoint more than 10 full-time equiva-
mental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee
lent positions; or
provide basic pay to any member of
the staff of the Chaplain Corps at an annual
rate of basic pay in excess of the maximum
rate of basic pay for grade GS-15 as provided
in section 5332 of title 5, United States Code.
'(2) ADMINISTRATION.—The Director may-
'(A) reimburse members of the staff of the
Chaplain Corps for work-related travel ex-
Representatives,
the Director
tional Intelligence a report on the effective-
ness of the pilot program and recommenda-
tions on whether the pilot program should be
extended, modified, or ended.
(g) RECOMMENDATIONS OF DIRECTOR OF NA-
TIONAL INTELLIGENCE.—Not later than 3 years
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
'(B) provide security clearances to
sional intelligence committees recommenda-
(1) which, if any, other elements of the in-
telligence community would benefit from a
similar to the pilot program re-
quired by subsection (a); and
(2) what, if any, modifications the Director
would recommend for such elements.
the headquarters building of the Agency as
the Director considers appropriate."
AND RETENTION IN OFFICE OF IN-
TELLIGENCE AND ANALYSIS OF THE
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY.
(a) PILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED.—The Assist-
ant Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis
carry out a pilot program to assess the feasi-
bility and advisability of using adjustments
of rates of pay to recruit and retain staff for
high-demand positions in the Office of Intel-
and Analysis of the Department of
DURATION.-The Assistant Secretary
shall carry out the pilot program required by
subsection (a) during the 4-year period begin-
ning on the date of the enactment of this
(c) ADDITIONAL PAY.—Under the pilot pro-
gram required by subsection (a), the Assist-
ant Secretary
provision of title 5, United States Code, gov-
erning the rates of pay or classification of
employees in the executive branch, prescribe
the rate of basic pay for financial and cyber
under subsection (d) at rates
(1) not greater than 130 percent of the max-
imum basic rate of pay and locality pay that
such positions would otherwise be eligible
(2) not greater than the rate of basic pay
payable for level II of the Executive Sched-
ule under section 5313 of title
section (b), the Assistant Secretary may con-
tinue to pay a person, who received pay dur-
ing such period pursuant to a rate of basic
pay prescribed under subsection (c), at a rate
of basic pay not to exceed the rate of basic
pay that was in effect for the person on the
day before the last day of such period, until
such time as the applicable rate of basic pay
for the person under the General Schedule
the rate of basic pay that was so in
SEC. 315. PILOT PROGRAM ON STUDENT LOAN
AT OFFICE OF INTEL-
LIGENCE AND ANALYSIS OF DEPART-
MENT OF THE TREASURY.
retary for Intelligence and Analysis in the
Department of the Treasury shall carry out
a pilot program to assess the feasibility and
advisability of using repayment of loans on
behalf of persons that were used by the per-
sons to finance education as a recruitment
incentive for employment at the Office of In-
telligence and Analysis of China specialists,
data scientists, cyber specialists, and others
with any other analytic or technical capa-
bilities that are in high demand by the Of-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided
paragraph (2), under the pilot program re-
quired by subsection (a), the Assistant Sec-
retary shall designate not fewer than 5 per-
cent and not more than 25 percent of the
total number of positions in the Office, in-
cluding positions to be filled by new hires, as
financial or cyber intelligence analyst posi-
tions eligible for the additional pay under
(1) IN GENERAL.—Under the pilot program,
the Assistant Secretary may repay the prin-
cipal, interest, and related expenses of a loan
obtained by a covered person to finance edu-
The Central Intelligence Agency Act of
1949 (50 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.) is amended by
adding at the end the following:
"SEC. 26. CHAPLAIN CORPS AND CHIEF OF CHAP-
'(a) ESTABLISHMENT OF CHAPLAIN CORPS.—
There is in the Agency a Chaplain Corps for
the provision of spiritual or religious pas-
"(b) CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS.—The head of the
Chaplain Corps shall be the Chief of Chap-
lains, who shall be appointed by the Direc-
"(C) STAFF AND ADMINISTRATION.—
'(1) STAFF.—The Director may appoint and
Chaplain Corps as the Director considers ap-
propriate, except that the
Secretary may designate under paragraph (1)
a position filled by an employee who was em-
ployed in that position on the day before the
date of the enactment of this Act only if the
the top one-third of per-
formance rankings for the position
the duration of the 2-year pe-
riod ending on the date of the enactment of
(e) BRIEFING ON THE PILOT PROGRAM.—Not
later than 180 days after the date of the en-
actment of this Act and not less frequently
than once each year thereafter for the dura-
tion of the period set forth in subsection (b),
congressional intelligence
committees and
the Director of National Intelligence with a
the pilot program required by
(f) REPORT ON THE PILOT PROGRAM.—Not
later than 180 days before the last day of the
period set forth in subsection (b), the Assist-
ant Secretary shall submit to the congres-
sional intelligence committees,
mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-
paragraph (1), a covered person is a person
who agrees to an offer from the Assistant
Secretary to participate in the pilot program
before beginning employment in the Office.
(3) LIMITATION ON TOTAL AMOUNT.—Under
the pilot program, the Assistant Secretary
may repay not more than $100,000 on behalf
(4) LIMITATION ON ANNUAL AMOUNT OF PAY-
Under the pilot program, the Assist-
ant Secretary
$15,000 on behalf of any one person in any one
(5) TIMING AND PERIOD OF PAYMENTS.—In re-
paying a loan of a person under the pilot pro-
the Assistant Secretary shall make
(B) only during the period beginning on the
date on which the person begins employment
with the Office and ending on the date on
which the person leaves employment with
DURATION.—The Assistant Secretary
shall carry out the pilot program during the
period of fiscal years 2022 through 2024.
(d) LIMITATION ON NUMBER
PANTS.—The total number of individuals re-
program during any fiscal year may not ex-

===== PAGE 147 =====
{"alpha_words": 1204, "chars": 8291, "method": "ocr", "page": 147, "variant": "plain-vision"}
program, the Assistant Secretary shall-
(A) establish such requirements relating to
the academic or specialized training of par-
ticipants as the Assistant Secretary con-
pants are prepared for employment as intel-
(B) periodically review the areas of high
demand for particular analytic or technical
capabilities and determine which
areas of specialization may be most useful in
sistant Secretary shall assess the feasibility
and advisability of administering the pilot
grams of the Department of the
that were in effect on the day before the date
of the enactment of this Act.
(1) PRELIMINARY REPORT.—Not later
120 days after the date of the enactment of
this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall sub-
mit to Congress a preliminary report on the
pilot program, including a description of the
pilot program and the authorities to be uti-
lized in carrying out the pilot program.
(A) IN GENERAL.-
Not later than one year
after the commencement of the pilot pro-
gram and annually thereafter until the pro-
committees and the Director of National In-
telligence a report on the pilot program.
under subparagraph (A) shall include-
(i) a description of the activities under the
pilot program, including the number of indi-
viduals who participated in the pilot pro-
(ii) an assessment of the effectiveness of
the pilot program as a recruitment tool; and
(iii) such recommendations for legislative
as the Assistant
Secretary considers appropriate in light of
the pilot program.
(3) RECOMMENDATIONS.—Not later than 2
years after the commencement of the pilot
ligence shall submit to the congressional in-
telligence committees the recommendations
of the Director as to which, if any, other ele-
ments of the intelligence community would
benefit from establishing a loan repayment
quired by subsection (a), and what, if any,
ommend to the program if it were estab-
(g) FUNDING.—Of the amounts authorized
to be appropriated by this Act, $1,300,000
shall be available until expended to carry
out this section. Of such amounts-
(1) $1,000,000 shall be available for repay-
(2) $300,000 shall be available for a period of
2 years during the pilot program to hire per-
sonnel to administer the pilot program.
SEC. 316. PROHIBITION ON COLLECTION AND
ANALYSIS OF UNITED STATES PER-
COMMUNITY BASED ON
FIRST AMENDMENT-PROTECTED AC-
No element of the intelligence community
may collect or analyze a United States per-
son's information solely upon the basis of an
activity protected by the First Amendment
to the Constitution of the United States.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
SEC. 317. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON THE USE OF
SOURCES FOR COLLECTION, ASSESS-
MENT, AND ANALYSIS OF INFORMA-
TION PERTAINING EXCLUSIVELY TO
UNITED STATES PERSONS ABSENT A
It is the sense of the Senate that-
(1) the Federal Bureau of Investigation and
vital work in enforcing the rule of law and
safeguarding the people of the United States
(2) the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism
Prevention Act of 2004 (Public Law 108-458;
118 Stat. 3638) sought to facilitate greater in-
formation sharing between law enforcement
pose of thwarting attacks on the homeland
from international terrorist organizations;
should be expended only in support of intel-
ligence activities with a foreign nexus con-
sistent with the
definition of intelligence
provided by Congress in section 3 of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003);
(4) the intelligence community should not
analysis of information that pertains exclu-
sively to United States persons absent a for-
Subtitle B-Inspector General of the
SEC. 321. SUBMITTAL OF COMPLAINTS AND IN-
IN THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY
(a) AMENDMENTS TO
INSPECTOR GENERAL
(1) APPOINTMENT OF SECURITY OFFICERS.—
Section 8H of the Inspector General Act of
1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended—
(A) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-
(B) by inserting after subsection (g) the
'(h) APPOINTMENT OF SECURITY OFFICERS.-
Each Inspector General under this section,
including the designees of the Inspector Gen-
eral of the Department of Defense pursuant
subsection (a)(3),
their offices security officers to provide, on a
lated guidance and direction to an employee
of their respective establishment, an
ployee assigned or detailed to such establish-
ment, or an employee of a contractor of such
establishment who intends to report to Con-
gress a complaint or information, so
such employee can obtain direction on how
to report to Congress in accordance with ap-
propriate security practices.
section is amended-
(A) in paragraph (1), by inserting "or any
other committee of jurisdiction
ate or the House of Representatives"
"either or both of the intelligence commit-
(B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as
"(2)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph
ligence committee or another committee of
jurisdiction directly
as described in
graph (1) of this subsection or in subsection
(a)(4) only if the employee
"(i) before making
nishes to the head of the establishment,
through the Inspector General (or designee),
a statement of the employee's complaint or
information and notice of the employee's in-
tent to contact an intelligence committee or
Senate or the House of Representatives di-
"(ii)(I) obtains and follows from the head
of the establishment, through the Inspector
November 4, 2021
General (or designee), procedural direction
on how to contact an intelligence committee
or another committee of jurisdiction of the
Senate or the House of Representatives in
accordance with appropriate security prac-
'(II) obtains and follows such procedural
direction from the applicable security officer
appointed under subsection (h).
'(B) If an employee seeks procedural direc-
tion under subparagraph (A)(ii) and does not
receive such procedural direction
days, or receives insufficient direction to re-
port to Congress a complaint or information,
committee or any other committee of juris-
diction of the Senate or the House of Rep-
resentatives directly without obtaining or
following the procedural direction otherwise
required under such subparagraph."; and
(C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
(D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
'(3) An employee of an element of the in-
telligence community who intends to report
to Congress a complaint or information may
report such complaint or information to the
Chairman and Vice Chairman or Chairman
and Ranking Member of an intelligence com-
mittee or another committee of jurisdiction
of the Senate or the House of Representa-
mittee staff designated for purposes of re-
ceiving complaints or information under this
section, or a member of the majority staff
and a member of the minority staff of the
(3) CLARIFICATION OF RIGHT TO REPORT DI-
RECTLY TO CONGRESS.—Subsection (a) of such
section is amended by adding at the end the
'(4) Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3) of
subsection (d), an employee of an element of
the intelligence community who intends to
report to Congress a complaint or informa-
tion may report such complaint or informa-
with respect to an urgent concern-
'(A) in lieu of reporting such complaint or
information under paragraph (1); or
'(B) in addition to reporting such com-
plaint or information under paragraph (1)."
AMENDMENTS TO NATIONAL SECURITY
(1) APPOINTMENT OF SECURITY OFFICERS.-
Section 103H(j) of the National Security Act
of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3033(j)) is amended by add-
ing at the end the following:
"(5) The Inspector General shall appoint
within the Office of the Inspector General se-
curity officers as required by subsection (h)
of section 8H of the Inspector General Act of
(2) PROCEDURES.—Subparagraph (D) of sec-
(A) in clause (i), by inserting
committee of jurisdiction of
the House of Representatives"
or both of the congressional intelligence
(B) by amending clause (ii) to read as fol-
'(ii)(1) Except as provided in subclause (II),
an employee may contact a congressional in-
telligence committee or another
of jurisdiction directly as described in clause
"(aa) before making such a contact, fur-
nishes to the Director, through the Inspector
General, a statement of the employee's com-
plaint or information and notice of the em-
ployee's intent to contact a congressional in-
telligence committee or another committee
of jurisdiction of the Senate or the House of
Representatives directly; and

===== PAGE 148 =====
{"alpha_words": 1243, "chars": 8766, "method": "ocr", "page": 148, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
"(bb)(AA) obtains and follows from the Di-
rector, through the Inspector General, proce-
dural direction on how to contact a congres-
sional intelligence committee or another
committee of jurisdiction of the Senate or
the House of Representatives in accordance
with appropriate security practices; or
'(BB) obtains and follows such procedural
direction from the applicable security officer
appointed under section 8H(h) of the Inspec-
tor General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.).
'(II) If an employee seeks procedural direc-
tion under subclause (I)(bb) and does not re-
such procedural direction
days, or receives insufficient direction to re-
port to Congress a complaint or information,
intelligence committee or any other com-
mittee of jurisdiction of the Senate or the
House of Representatives directly
obtaining or following the procedural direc-
(C) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause
(D) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-
'(iii) An employee of an element of the in-
telligence community who intends to report
to Congress a complaint or information may
report such complaint or information to the
Chairman and Vice Chairman or Chairman
and Ranking Member of a congressional in-
telligence committee or another committee
of jurisdiction of the Senate or the House of
Representatives, a nonpartisan member of
the committee staff designated for purposes
of receiving complaints or information under
or a member of the majority
staff and a member of the minority staff of
(3) CLARIFICATION OF RIGHT TO REPORT DI-
RECTLY TO CONGRESS.—Subparagraph (A) of
(A) by inserting "(i)" before "An employee
(B) by adding at the end the following:
'(ii) Subject to clauses (ii) and (iii) of sub-
paragraph (D), an employee of an element of
the intelligence community who intends to
report to Congress a complaint or informa-
tion may report such complaint or informa-
whether the complaint or information is
with respect to an urgent concern
"(A) in lieu of reporting such complaint or
information under clause (i); or
"(B) in addition to reporting such com-
plaint or information under clause (i)."
LIGENCE AGENCY ACT OF 1949.—
(1) APPOINTMENT OF SECURITY OFFICERS.-
Section 17(d)(5) of the Central Intelligence
Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C.
amended by adding at the end the following:
within the Office of the Inspector General se-
curity officers as required by subsection (h)
of section 8H of the Inspector General Act of
(2) PROCEDURES.—Subparagraph (D) of such
(A) in clause (i), by inserting 'or any other
committee of jurisdiction of the Senate or
the House of Representatives'
or both of the intelligence committees";
(B) by amending clause (ii) to read as fol-
"(ii)(I) Except as provided in subclause (II),
committee or another committee of jurisdic-
tion directly as described in clause (i) only if
before making such a contact, fur-
nishes to the Director, through the Inspector
General, a statement of the employee's com-
plaint or information and notice of the em-
ployee's intent to contact an
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
committee or another committee of jurisdic- inserting the following: "of the Federal Gov-
tion of the Senate or the House of Represent-
"(bb)(AA) obtains and follows from the Di-
rector, through the Inspector General, proce-
dural direction on how to contact an intel-
ligence committee or another committee of
jurisdiction of the Senate or the House of
Representatives in accordance with appro-
priate security practices; or
'(BB) obtains and follows such procedural
direction from the applicable security officer
appointed under section 8H(h) of the Inspec-
tor General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.).
"(II) If an employee seeks procedural direc-
tion under subclause (I)(bb) and does not re-
ceive such procedural direction within
days, or receives insufficient direction to re-
port to Congress a complaint or information,
committee or another committee of jurisdic-
tion of the Senate or the House of Represent-
directly without obtaining or
lowing the procedural direction otherwise re-
quired under such subclause.";
(C) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause
(D) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-
'(iii) An employee of the Agency who in-
tends to report to Congress a complaint or
information may report such complaint or
information to the Chairman and Vice Chair-
man or Chairman and Ranking Member of an
mittee of jurisdiction of the Senate or the
Representatives,
a nonpartisan
member of the committee staff designated
for purposes of receiving complaints or infor-
mation under this section, or a member of
the majority staff and a member of the mi-
nority staff of the committee.
(3) CLARIFICATION OF RIGHT TO REPORT DI-
—Subparagraph (A) of
(A) by inserting '(i)" before "An employee
(B) by adding at the end the following:
'(ii) Subject to clauses (ii) and (iii) of sub-
paragraph (D), an employee of the Agency
who intends to report to Congress a com-
plaint or information may report such com-
plaint or information directly to Congress,
regardless of whether the complaint or infor-
mation is with respect to an urgent con-
"(A) in lieu of reporting such complaint or
information under clause (i); or
addition to reporting such com-
plaint or information under clause (i)."
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in
this section or an amendment made by this
section shall be construed to revoke or di-
right of an individual provided
by section 2303 of title 5, United States Code.
'(i) a matter of national security; and
'(ii) not a difference of opinion concerning
(3) CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY ACT OF
1949. —Section 17(d)(5)(G)(i)(I) of the Central
Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C.
3517(d)(5)(G)(i)(I)) is amended
and inserting
lowing: 'of the Federal Government that is-
'(aa) a matter of national security; and
cerning public policy matters.".
(b) AUTHORITY OF INSPECTORS GENERAL.—
(1) SCOPE OF AUTHORITY OF INSPECTOR GEN-
ERAL OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY.—Sec-
tion 103H(k)(5) of the National Security Act
of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3033(k)(5)) is amended by
adding at the end the following:
'(J) The Inspector General shall have au-
over any complaint or information
submitted to the Inspector General from an
employee, detailee, or contractor, or former
telligence community.
(2) AUTHORITY OF INSPECTOR GENERAL OF
THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY TO DETERMINE
103H(k)(5)(G)
(A) in clause (i), as amended by subsection
(a)(1), by resdesignating subclauses (I) and
(II) as items (aa) and (bb), respectively;
(B) by redesignating clauses (i), (ii), and
(iii) as subclauses (1), (II), and (III), respec-
(C) in the matter before subclause (I), as
redesignated by subparagraph (B), by insert-
ing '(i)" before 'In this"; and
(D) by adding at the end the following:
"(ii) The Inspector General shall have sole
plaint or information reported to the Inspec-
tor General is a matter of urgent concern
under this paragraph."
OF INSPECTORS GENERAL TO
DETERMINE MATTERS OF URGENT CONCERN.-
Subsection (i) of section 8H of the Inspector
General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as redes-
ignated by section 321(a)(1)(A), is amended-
(i) in subparagraph (A), as amended by sub-
section (a)(2), by redesignating clauses (i)
(ii) by redesignating
paragraphs (A), (B),
and (C) and clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respec-
tVB by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2)
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively;
(C) in the matter before subparagraph (A),
as redesignated by subparagraph (B), by in-
serting '(1)" before "In this'; and
D) by adding at the end the following:
'(2) The Inspector General shall have sole
plaint or information reported to the Inspec-
tor General is a matter of urgent concern
(4) AUTHORITY OF INSPECTOR GENERAL OF
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY TO DETERMINE
17(d)(5)(G) of the Central Intelligence Agency
Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(d)(5)(G)) is amend-
PLAINTS AND INFORMATION OF UR-
SPECTORS GENERAL OF THE INTEL-
(a) DEFINITION OF URGENT CONCERN.—
(1) NATIONAL SECURITY ACT OF 1947.—Section
103H(k)(5)(G)(i) of the National Security Act
of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3033(k)(5)(G)(i)) is amended
through "policy matters."
following: 'of the Federal Government that
'(I) a matter of national security; and
'(II) not a difference of opinion concerning
public policy matters."
(2) INSPECTOR GENERAL ACT OF 1978.—Para-
graph (1)(A) of subsection (i) of section 8H of
the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C.
App.), as redesignated by section 321(a)(1)(A),
is amended by striking "involving" and all
that follows through "policy matters." and
(i) in subclause (I), as amended by sub-
section (a)(3), by redesignating items (aa)
and (bb) as subitems (AA) and (BB), respec-
and (III) as items (aa), (bb), and (cc), respec-
(B) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as
subclauses (I) and (II), respectively; and

===== PAGE 149 =====
{"alpha_words": 1062, "chars": 8101, "method": "ocr", "page": 149, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(C) in the matter before clause (I), as re-
designated by subparagraph (B), by inserting
"(i)" before 'In this"; and
(D) by adding at the end the following:
'(ii) The Inspector General shall have sole
plaint or information reported to the Inspec-
tor General is a matter of urgent concern
under this paragraph.".
SEC. 323. HARMONIZATION OF WHISTLEBLOWER
THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY.—
RELATING TO PERSONNEL AC-
(A) AGENCY EMPLOYEES.—Section 1104(b) of
the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C.
3234(b)) is amended, in the matter preceding
paragraph (1), by inserting ",
take or fail to take,"
after take or fail to
1104(c)(1) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 3234(c)(1)) is
amended, in the matter preceding subpara-
or fail to take," after "take or fail to take".
(2) PROTECTION FOR CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEES
AGAINST REPRISAL FROM AGENCY
Section 1104(c)(1) of such Act (50 U.S.C.
3234(c)(1)), as amended by paragraph (1)(B) of
this subsection,
is further amended, in the
matter preceding subparagraph (A), by in-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
termination taken against
circumstantial evidence, such as
"(I) the official making the determination
"(II) the determination occurred within a
period such that a reasonable person could
conclude that the disclosure was a contrib-
uting factor in the determination.
determining whether
the adverse security clearance or access de-
termination violated paragraph (1), the agen-
cy shall not find that paragraph (1) was vio-
lated if, after a finding that a disclosure was
clear and convincing evidence
that it would have made the same security
clearance or access determination in the ab-
sence of such disclosure."
(C) CORRECTION OF DEFINITION OF AGENCY.—
Section 3001(a)(1)(B) of the
form and Terrorism Prevention
(50 U.S.C. 3341(a)(1)(B)) is amended by strik-
ing "and" and inserting "or".
ESTABLISHING CONSISTENCY
SPECT TO PROTECTIONS FOR DISCLOSURES OF
MISMANAGEMENT.
(1) SECURITY CLEARANCE AND ACCESS DETER-
(3) ENFORCEMENT.—Subsection (d) of sec-
tion 1104 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 3234) is
ENFORCEMENT.—The President
provide for the enforcement of this section
with the policies and procedures used to ad-
2302(b)(8) of title 5, United States Code.
(b) RETALIATORY REVOCATION OF
CLEARANCES AND ACCESS DETERMINATIONS.—
Reform and Terrorism Preven-
tion Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)) is amend-
(A) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-
(B) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(1)) is amended—
"gross mismanagement" and inserting "mis-
management'; and
(B) in subparagraph (B)(ii),
"gross mismanagement" and inserting "mis-
management'.
TRACTOR EMPLOYEES.—Section 1104(c)(1)(B) of
the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C.
3234(C)(1)(B)) is amended by striking
mismanagement'
management".
PROTECTED DISCLOSURES TO SUPER-
November 4, 2021
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph
(A), as redesignated and moved by subpara-
graph (B) of this paragraph, by striking "for
and inserting the fol-
'(1) any lawful disclosure"; and
(C) by adding at the end the following:
'(2) any lawful disclosure
"(A) subsections (a)(1), (d), and (g) of sec-
tion 8H of the Inspector General Act of 1978
'(B) subparagraphs (A), (D), and (H) of sec-
tion 17(d)(5) of the Central Intelligence Agen-
cy Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(d)(5)); or
'(C) subparagraphs (A), (D), and (I) of sec-
"(3) if the actions do not result in the em-
disclosing information
be kept classified in the interest of national
defense or the conduct of foreign affairs, any
lawiul disclosure in conjunction with—
'(A) the exercise of any appeal, complaint,
or grievance right granted by any law, rule,
'(B) testimony for or otherwise lawfully
any right referred to in subparagraph (A); or
'(C) cooperation with or disclosing infor-
mation to the Inspector General of an agen-
cy, in accordance with applicable provisions
of law in connection with an audit, inspec-
tion, or investigation conducted by the In-
(2) in subsection (c)(1), as amended by sub-
(A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and
moving such clauses, as so redesignated, 2
(B) in the matter preceding clause (i), as
redesignated and moved by subparagraph (B)
of this paragraph, by striking
shall provide for the enforcement of this sec-
sible, with the policies and procedures used
adjudicate alleged violations
2302(b)(8) of title 5, United States Code.'
(2) ELIMINATION OF DEADLINE FOR APPEAL OF
of such Act (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(4)(A)) is amend-
ed by striking "within 90 days".
(3) ELIMINATION OF CAP ON COMPENSATORY
Section 3001(j)(4)(B) of such
(50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(4)(B)) is amended, in the
second sentence, by striking 'not to exceed
VERSE SECURITY CLEARANCE AND ACCESS DE-
TERMINATIONS.—Subparagraph (C) of section
3001(j)(4) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(4)) is
"(i) IN GENERAL.—Subject to clause (iii), in
clearance or access determination violated
agency shall find that
paragraph (1) was violated if the individual
has demonstrated that a disclosure described
in paragraph (1) was a contributing factor in
the adverse security clearance or access de-
termination taken against the individual.
CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE.—An
vidual under clause (i) may demonstrate that
the disclosure was a contributing factor in
the adverse security clearance or access de-
(A) DISCLOSURES BY AGENCY EMPLOYEES TO
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3234(b)),
as amended by subsection (a)(1)(A), is further
amended, in the matter preceding paragraph
(1), by inserting "a supervisor in the employ-
ee's direct chain of command, or a supervisor
of the employing agency with responsibility
for the subject matter of the disclosure, up
employing agency"
(B) DISCLOSURES
BY CONTRACTOR EMPLOY-
SUPERVISORS.—Section 1104(c)(1) of
such Act (50 U.S.C. 3234(c)(1)), as amended by
subsection (a), is further amended, in the
matter preceding subparagraph (A), by in-
serting 'a supervisor in the contractor em-
ployee's direct chain of command up to and
tracting agency"
(2) SECURITY CLEARANCE AND ACCESS DETER-
-Section 3001(j)(1)(A) of the Intel-
Terrorism Prevention
Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(1)(A)) is amend-
ed, in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-
"a supervisor in the employee's di-
rect chain of command, or a supervisor of
the employing agency with responsibility for
the subject matter of the disclosure,
and including" before "the head of the em-
ploying agency".
(f) ESTABLISHING PARITY FOR PROTECTED
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3234) is amend-
(1) in subsection (b), as amended by
sections (a)(1)(A) and (e)(1)(A)
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2)
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively,
and moving such subparagraphs, as so redes-
ignated, 2 ems to the right;
'(A) any lawful disclosure'; and
(C) by adding at the end the following:
'(B) any lawful disclosure that complies
"(i) subsections (a)(1), (d), and (g) of sec-
tion 8H of the Inspector General Act of 1978
(5 U.S.C. App.);
'(ii) subparagraphs (A), (D), and (H) of sec-
tion 17(d)(5) of the Central Intelligence Agen-
cy Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(d)(5)); or
'(iii) subparagraphs (A), (D), and (I) of sec-
'(C) if the actions do not result in the con-
formation specifically required by Executive
order to be kept classified in the interest of
national defense or the conduct of foreign af-
fairs, any lawful disclosure in conjunction
"(i) the exercise of any appeal, complaint,
or grievance right granted by any law, rule,
'(ii) testimony for or otherwise lawfully
individual in the exercise of
any right referred to in clause (i); or
'(iii) cooperation with or disclosing infor-
mation to the Inspector General of an agen-
cy, in accordance with applicable provisions
of law in connection with an audit, inspec-
tion, or investigation conducted by
(g) CLARIFICATION RELATING TO PROTECTED
-Section 1104 of the National
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3234) is amend-
(1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e)
as subsections (1) and (g), respectively; and
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Consistent
with the protection of sources and methods,

===== PAGE 150 =====
{"alpha_words": 1072, "chars": 8015, "method": "ocr", "page": 150, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
nothing in subsection (b) or (c) shall be con- provided under Presidential Policy Directive
"(1) the withholding of information from
with access to classified information) have
SEC. 324. PROHIBITION AGAINST DISCLOSURE OF
against an employee who lawfully discloses
information to Congress.
be excluded from this section because-
'(1) the disclosure was made to an indi-
vidual, including a supervisor, who partici-
pated in an activity that the employee rea-
section (b)(1)(B) or the contractor employee
reasonably believed to be covered under sub-
that had been previously disclosed;
'(3) the disclosure was not made in writ-
'(4) the disclosure was made while the em-
ployee was off duty;
passed since the occurrence of the events de-
scribed in the disclosure; or
'(6) the disclosure was made during the
normal course of duties of an employee or
contractor employee."
the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-
vention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(3)) is
that follows through 'because
ing 'DISCLOSURES.
A disclosure shall not be
excluded from paragraph (1) because -";
(2) by striking subparagraph (B);
(3) by redesignating clauses (i) through (V)
as subparagraphs (A) through (E),
tively, and moving such subparagraphs, as so
redesignated, 2 ems to the left;
(4) in subparagraph (D), as so redesignated,
by striking "or" at the end;
(5) in subparagraph (E), as redesignated by
paragraph (3), by striking the period at the
end and inserting "; or'; and
(6) by adding at the end the following:
'(F) the disclosure was made during the
normal course of duties of an employee."
(i) CLARIFICATION RELATING TO RULE OF
-Section 3001(j)(2) of the In-
telligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention
Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(2)) is amended by
"or clearance action" after "per-
sonnel action"
(j) CLARIFICATION RELATING TO PROHIBITED
(1) INTELLIGENCE REFORM AND TERRORISM
PREVENTION ACT OF 2004.—Section 3001(j)(1) Of
the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-
vention Act of 2004(50 U.S.C.
amended by this section, is further amended
striking "over"
… TO
(2) NATIONAL SECURITY ACT OF 1947.:
(A) AGENCY EMPLOYEES.—Section 1104(b) of
the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C.
ther amended by inserting
pact," after "authority to take,
1104(c)(1) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 3234(c)(1)), as
amended by this section, is further amended
by inserting "materially impact," after "au-
3001(j)(1)(C)(i) of the Intelligence Reform and
Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C.
3341(j)(1)(C)(i)) is amended by striking
(1) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
ligence Community shall submit to the con-
gressional intelligence committees a report
Section 1104 of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3234) is
(1) in subsection (a)(3) of such section-
(A) in subparagraph (I), by striking "; or"
and inserting a semicolon;
redesignating subparagraph (J) as
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (I) the
knowing and willful disclosure re-
vealing the identity or other personally iden-
tifiable information of an employee or con-
(2) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g),
sections (g) and (h), respectively; and
added by section 323(g)(2), the following:
'(f) PERSONNEL ACTIONS INVOLVING DISCLO-
SURES OF WHISTLEBLOWER IDENTITY.—A per-
(a)(3)(J) shall not be considered in violation
of subsection (b) or (c) under the following
"(1) The personnel action was taken with
the express consent of the employee or con-
tractor employee.
'(2) An Inspector General with oversight
responsibility for a covered intelligence com-
munity element determines that-
'(A) the personnel action was unavoidable
103H(g) (3)(A) of this Act (50
U.S.C. 3033(g) (3)(A)), section 17(e) (3)(A) of the
Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50
U.S.C. 3517(e)(3)(A)), or section 8M(b)(2)(B) of
the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C.
"(B) the personnel action was made to an
official of the Department of Justice respon-
sible for determining whether a prosecution
"(C) the personnel action was required by
statute or an order from a court of com-
APPLICABILITY TO DETAILEES.-
section (a) of section 1104 of such Act (50
U.S.C. 3234) is amended by adding at the end
'(5) EMPLOYEE.—The term 'employee', with
respect to an agency or a covered intel-
ligence community element, includes an in-
dividual who has been detailed to such agen-
covered intelligence community ele-
(C) PRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION FOR UNLAW-
FUL DISCLOSURE
WHISTLEBLOWER IDEN-
TITY.—Subsection (g) of such section, as
323(a)(3), redesignated by subsection (g)(1) of
further redesignated by
subsection (a)(2) of this section, is amended
"(g) ENFORCEMENT.—
'(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this subsection, the President shall
provide for the enforcement of this section.
"(2) HARMONIZATION WITH OTHER ENFORCE-
MENT.—To the fullest extent possible, the
President shall provide for
this section in a manner that is consistent
with the enforcement of section 2302(b)(8) of
title 5, United States Code, especially with
respect to policies and procedures used to ad-
judicate alleged violations of such section.
'(3) PRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION FOR DISCLO-
SURES OF WHISTLEBLOWER IDENTITY IN VIOLA-
Subject to paragraph (4), in a case in which
an employee of an agency takes a personnel
against an employee of a covered intel-
ligence community element as a reprisal in
violation of subsection (b) or in a case in
which an employee or contractor employee
takes a personnel action described in sub-
section (a)(3)(J) against another contractor
employee as a reprisal in violation
section (c), the employee or contractor em-
was taken may, consistent with section 1221
of title 5, United States Code, bring a private
action for all appropriate remedies, includ-
ing injunctive relief and compensatory and
punitive damages, in an amount not to ex-
ceed $250,000, against the agency of the em-
tractor employee who took the personnel ac-
tion, in a Federal district court of competent
"(A) REVIEW BY INSPECTOR GENERAL AND BY
EXTERNAL REVIEW PANEL.—
ployee or contractor employee may bring a
private action under paragraph (3), the em-
ployee or contractor employee shall exhaust
administrative remedies by—
obtaining a disposition of their
priate inspector general; and
submitting to the Inspector
General of the Intelligence Community a re-
quest for a review of the claim by an exter-
nal review panel under section 1106.
ployee or contractor employee may bring a
private right of action under paragraph (3)
during the 180-day period beginning
date on which the employee or contractor
employee is notified of the final disposition
of their claim under section 1106.".
SEC. 325. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF CON-
TROLLED ACCESS PROGRAMS.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
"appropriate committees
of Congress" means-
(A) the congressional intelligence commit-
(B) the Committee on Appropriations of
(C) the Committee on Appropriations of
the House of Representatives.
(2) CONGRESSIONAL LEADERSHIP.—The term
"congressional leadership' means—
(A) the majority leader of the Senate;
(B) the minority leader of the Senate;
(C) the Speaker of the House of Represent-
(D) the minority leader of the House of
PROGRAM.—The
term "controlled access program"
program created or managed pursuant to In-
telligence Community Directive 906,
(b) PERIODIC BRIEFINGS REQUIRED.
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not less frequently than
semiannually or upon request by one of the
member of congressional leadership, the Di-
rector of National Intelligence shall provide
the appropriate committees of Congress and
congressional leadership a briefing on each
controlled access program in effect.
CONTENTS.—Each
under paragraph (1) shall include, at a min-
(A) A description of the activity of the con-
trolled access programs during the period
covered by the briefing.
(B) Documentation with respect to how the
access programs have
outcomes consistent with requirements doc-
umented by the Director and, as applicable,

===== PAGE 151 =====
{"alpha_words": 1068, "chars": 7557, "method": "ocr", "page": 151, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7958
(C) LIMITATIONS.—
(1) LIMITATION ON ESTABLISHMENT.—A head
of an element of the intelligence community
may not establish a controlled access pro-
subpcompartment therein, until the head no-
tifies the appropriate committees of Con-
gress and congressional leadership of such
controlled access program, compartment, or
subcompartment, as the case may be.
(2) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—No funds
may be obligated or expended by an element
of the intelligence community to carry out a
controlled access program,
or a compart-
ment or subcompartment therein, until the
head of that element has briefed the appro-
committees of Congress and congres-
sional leadership on the controlled access
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"appropriate committees of Congress"
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and
the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-
(3) the Committee on Armed Services and
November 4, 2021
(b) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED.—Not later than
120 days after the date of the enactment of
the Director
National Intel-
other Federal Government entities as the Di-
rector considers appropriate, submit to the
appropriate committees of Congress an as-
sessment on the status of the intelligence
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
each head of an element of the intelligence
community shall provide to the appropriate
committees of Congress and congressional
leadership a report on all controlled access
programs of the element in effect.
subparagraph (A) shall address,
controlled access program covered by
(i) Date of initial operational capability.
(ii) Rationale.
(iii) Annual level of funding.
(iv) Current operational use.
(A) REQUIREMENT.—On an annual basis, the
community shall submit to the appropriate
of Congress and congressional
leadership a report on controlled access pro-
grams administered by the head.
(B) MATTERS INCLUDED.—Each report sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) shall include,
with respect to the period covered by the re-
of all compartments and sub-
compartments of controlled access programs
active as of the date of the report.
compartments of controlled access programs
terminated during the period covered by the
(iii) With respect to the report submitted
by the Director of National Intelligence, in
addition to the matters specified in subpara-
(1) a certification regarding whether the
creation, validation, or substantial modifica-
tion, including termination, for all existing
and the compartments and subcompartments
are substantiated and justified
based on the information required by clause
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, and annually for 2 years thereafter, the
Director of National Intelligence,
nation with the Under Secretary of Defense
for Intelligence and Security and the Direc-
tor of the National Reconnaissance Office,
shall submit to the appropriate committees
of Congress a report on the efforts of the in-
telligence community to build an integrated
hybrid space architecture that combines na-
tional and commercial capabilities and large
-The report required by sub-
section (b) shall include the following:
(1) An assessment of how the integrated
hybrid space architecture approach is being
realized in the overhead architecture of the
National Reconnaissance Office.
(2) An assessment of the benefits to the
mission of the National Reconnaissance Of-
fice and the cost of integrating capabilities
from smaller, proliferated satellites and data
from commercial satellites with the national
technical means architecture.
SEC. 332. REPORT ON PROJECT MAVEN TRANSI-
resourcing with regard to intelligence collec-
(2) operational support to foreign liaison
(3) operational capacity to
counternarcotics mission of the Federal Gov-
assessment required by
subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassi-
form, but may include a classified
SEC. 334. ASSESSMENT OF INTELLIGENCE COM-
RELATIONSHIPS WITH LATIN AMER-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
"appropriate committees of
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on the Judiciary of the
(3) the Committee on the Judiciary of the
(b) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED.—Not later than
120 days after the date of the enactment of
the Director of National
other Federal Government entities as the Di-
rector considers appropriate, submit to the
appropriate committees of Congress an as-
sessment on the intelligence-sharing rela-
with foreign partners in Latin America on
(aa) the rationale for the revalidation, val-
idation, or substantial modification, includ-
program, compartment, and
(bb) the identification of a control officer
for each controlled access program; and
ments for each controlled access program.
the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal
Year 2017 (division N of Public Law 115-31;
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and
the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-
(3) the Committee on Armed Services and
Appropriations
-Not later than 120
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Director of the National Geospatial-
such other Federal
Government entities as
the Director considers appropriate, shall sub-
mit to the appropriate committees
gress a report on the transition of Project
Maven to operational mission support.
(C) PLAN OF ACTION AND MILESTONES.—The
report required by subsection (b) shall in-
detailed plan of action and mile-
(1) the milestones and decision points lead-
geospatial intelligence
oped under Project Maven to the National
Geospatial-Intelligence Agency; and
transition described in paragraph (1) and
support provided to the National
Geospatial-Intelligence Agency for each of
fiscal years 2022 and 2023.
(d) FORM.—The report required by sub-
section (b) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may include a classified annex.
SEC. 333. ASSESSMENT OF INTELLIGENCE COM-
MUNITY COUNTERNARCOTICS CAPA-
(a) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassi-
but may include a classified
SEC. 335. REPORT ON UNITED STATES SOUTHERN
DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and
the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-
(3) the Committee on Armed Services and
Appropriations
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence
Agency, in consultation with such other Fed-
the Director
considers relevant,
shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress a report
detailing the status of United States South-
ern Command's intelligence collection, anal-
ysis, and operational capabilities to support
Latin America-based missions.
section (b) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may include a classified annex.
Subtitle C-Reports and Assessments
Pertaining to the Intelligence Community
SEC. 331. REPORT ON EFFORTS TO BUILD AN IN-
TEGRATED HYBRID SPACE ARCHI-
(a) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
the Senate; and
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
TECHNOLOGIES OF STRATEGIC IM-
PORTANCE TO UNITED STATES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not less frequently than
once every 2 years until the date that is 4
years after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Director of National Intelligence

===== PAGE 152 =====
{"alpha_words": 1142, "chars": 7914, "method": "ocr", "page": 152, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
shall, in consultation with the Secretary of tionship of its personnel to any research on
Commerce and the Director of the Office of
and Technology Policy, submit to
Congress a report assessing commercial and
trends in technologies the Director
considers of strategic importance to the na-
tional and economic security of the United
sources of financial and
that such organization receives,
from the Government of Iran.
(c) FORM.—The assessment required under
subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassi-
S7959
with rights relating to freedom of expres-
sion, equal protection, privacy, and due proc-
(b) CONTENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following:
(1) A list of the top technology focus areas
that the Director considers to be of the most
strategic importance to the United States.
(2) A list of the top technology focus areas
in which countries that are adversarial to
the United States are poised to match or sur-
technological leadership of
SEC. 339. REPORT ON INTELLIGENCE COMMU-
APPROPRIATE COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
Each report submitted under
subsection (a) may take the form of a Na-
tional Intelligence Estimate and
submitted in classified form, but may in-
clude an unclassified summary.
SEC. 337. REPORT ON NORD STREAM II COMPA-
NIES AND INTELLIGENCE TIES.
-In this section, the term
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations,
the Committee on the Judiciary, the Com-
mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-
fairs, and the Committee on Appropriations
of the Senate; and
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the
Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee
on Financial Services, and the Committee on
Appropriations of the House of Representa-
(c) FORM.—The plan submitted under sub-
section (a)(2) shall be submitted in unclassi-
form, but may include a classified
SEC. 341. STUDY ON UTILITY OF EXPANDED PER-
SONNEL MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY.
(a) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
"appropriate
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Armed Services of
(3) the Committee on Armed Services of
the House of Representatives.
(b) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
ligence and Security and the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence shall jointly
the appropriate committees of Congress a
study on the utility of providing elements of
the intelligence community of the
ment of Defense,
, other than the National
management authority to attract experts in
science and engineering under section 1599h
of title 10, United States Code.
SEC. 342. ASSESSMENT OF ROLE OF FOREIGN
GROUPS IN DOMESTIC VIOLENT EX-
(a) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the
Transportation, the Committee on Banking,
and Urban Affairs, the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on
Appropriations of the Senate; and
(3) the Committee on Armed Services, the
Committee on Energy and Commerce, the
Committee on Financial Services, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House of
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 30
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in
consultation with other appropriate Federal
Government entities, shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress a report on
Nord Stream II efforts, including:
(1) an unclassified list of all companies
supporting the Nord Stream II project; and
(2) an updated assessment of current or
former ties between Nord Stream's Chief Ex-
ecutive Officer and Russian, East German, or
other hostile intelligence agencies.
-The report required under sub-
section (b) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may include a classified annex, if
SEC. 338. ASSESSMENT OF ORGANIZATION OF DE-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 120 days
alter the date of the enactment of this Act.
the Director of National Intelligence, in con-
sultation with the head of any other appro-
priate Government entity,
the appropriate committees of Congress a re-
port on intelligence matters relating
Visas Mantis program, including efforts by
(A) the intelligence community to provide
and plan for effective intelligence support to
(B) hostile intelligence services to exploit
such program or any other program by which
visas for admission to the United States are
(2) FORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified
form but may include a classified annex, as
SEC. 340. PLAN FOR ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations
and the Committee on the Judiciary of the
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
the Committee on the Judiciary of the House
of Representatives.
(b) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED.—Not later than
180 days after the date of the enactment of
(a) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Director of National Intelligence shall-
(1) develop a plan for the development and
resourcing of a modern digital ecosystem
processes to enable development,
fielding, and continuous updating of
intelligence-powered applications
at speed and scale from headquarters to the
(2) submit to the Select Committee on In-
telligence of the Senate and the Permanent
House of Representatives the plan developed
(b) CONTENTS OF PLAN.—At a minimum, the
plan required by subsection (a) shall include
(1) complete an assessment to identify the
role of foreign groups, including entities, ad-
versaries, governments, or other groups, in
domestic violent extremist activities in the
(2) submit to the appropriate committees
of Congress the findings of the Director with
respect to the assessment completed under
(c) FORM.—The findings submitted
subsection (b)(2) shall be submitted in un-
classified form, but may include a classified
SEC. 343. REPORT ON THE ASSESSMENT OF ALL-
SOURCE CYBER INTELLIGENCE IN-
FORMATION, WITH AN EMPHASIS ON
(a) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the
Committee on
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate;
(3) the Committee on Armed Services, the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House of
(b) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED.—Not later than
120 days after the date of the enactment of
with other appro-
priate Federal
submit to the appropriate committees of
Congress an assessment of the activities and
objectives of the Organization of Defensive
and Research (SPND).
sessment shall include information about the
model to allow trusted small-
sized artificial intelligence companies access
to classified facilities on a flexible basis.
(2) An open architecture and an evolving
design and guidance
technical investments in the proposed
system that address issues,
mon interfaces, authentication, applications,
platforms, software,
hardware, and data in-
(3) A governance structure, together with
associated policies and guidance, to drive the
implementation of the reference throughout
(4) Recommendations to ensure that use of
artificial intelligence and associated data in
ligence committees a report on the potential
to strengthen all-source intelligence integra-
tion relating to foreign cyber threats, with
an emphasis on cyber supply chain risks.
-The report required under
subsection (a) shall include the following:
the all-source cyber intelligence integration
capabilities of the Office of the Director of
National Intelligence and recommendations
necessary to strengthen those capabilities.
(2) An assessment
of the effectiveness
the Office of the Director of National Intel-
ligence in analyzing and reporting on cyber

===== PAGE 153 =====
{"alpha_words": 1117, "chars": 7837, "method": "ocr", "page": 153, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7960
supply chain risks, including efforts under-
the National Counterintelligence
and Security Center.
(3) Mitigation plans for any gaps or defi-
cluded under paragraphs (1) and (2).
SEC. 344. REVIEW OF NATIONAL SECURITY AGEN-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
Defense with data relating to unidentified
aerial phenomena to make such data avail-
able immediately to the Unidentified Aerial
Phenomena Task Force and to the National
Air and Space Intelligence Center.
(C) QUARTERLY REPORTS TO CONGRESS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act
and not less frequently than quarterly there-
Unidentified Aerial
Task Force, or such other entity as the Dep-
uty Secretary of Defense may
responsible for matters relating to
identified aerial phenomena, shall submit to
the appropriate
quarterly reports on the findings of the Un-
identified Aerial Phenomena Task Force, or
such other designated entity as the case may
(a) REVIEW REQUIRED.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
ligence Community, the Inspector General of
the National Security Agency, and the In-
fense shall jointly complete a review of the
National Security Agency and the United
(b) ELEMENTS.-
subsection (a) shall include assessment of
(1) Whether resources, authorities, activi-
ties, missions, facilities, and personnel are
appropriately being delineated and used to
conduct the intelligence and cybersecurity
missions at the National Security Agency as
cyber offense and defense mis-
sions of United States Cyber Command.
(2) The extent to which current resource-
sharing arrangements between the National
Security Agency and United
Command lead to conflicts of interest in di-
recting intelligence collection in support of
rather than foreign intelligence collection.
(3) The intelligence analysis and produc-
tion conducted by United States Cyber Com-
mand using National Security Agency au-
thorities, with a focus on analytic integrity
and intelligence oversight to ensure proper
analysis is informing mission operations.
Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
ligence Community and the Inspector Gen-
of Defense shall
jointly submit to the congressional intel-
ligence committees and the
defense committees (as defined
101(a) of title 10, United States Code) a re-
port and provide such committees a briefing
with respect to the review completed under
subsection (a).
SEC. 345. SUPPORT FOR AND OVERSIGHT OF UN-
November 4, 2021
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate;
(3) the Committee on Armed Services, the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-
Appropriations of the House of
(b) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED.—Not later than
180 days after the date of the enactment of
ligence and the Director of the Central Intel-
ligence Agency shall jointly-
(1) complete an assessment to identify
whether the posture and capabilities of the
intelligence community are adequate to pro-
(A) sufficient indications and warnings re-
China targeting Taiwan; and
(B) policymakers with sufficient lead time
to respond to actions described in subpara-
(2) submit to the appropriate committees
of Congress the findings of the assessment
completed under paragraph (1).
(c) FORM.—The findings submitted under
subsection (b)(2) shall be submitted in
classified form, but may include a classified
SEC. 352. PLAN TO COOPERATE WITH INTEL-
LIGENCE AGENCIES OF KEY DEMO-
under paragraph (1) shall include, at a min-
imum, the following:
(A) All reported unidentified aerial phe-
nomena-related events that occurred during
(B) All reported unidentified
nomena-related events that occurred during
a time period other than the previous 90 days
but were not included in an earlier report.
(3) FORM.-Each
report submitted
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in classified
SEC. 346. PUBLICATION OF UNCLASSIFIED AP-
PENDICES FROM REPORTS ON IN-
TELLIGENCE COMMUNITY PARTICI-
PATION IN VULNERABILITIES EQUI-
Section 6720(c) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for
Fiscal Year 2020 (50
U.S.C. 3316a(c)) is amended by adding at the
PUBLICATION.—The Director of Na-
tional Intelligence shall make available to
unclassified appendix sub-
a report under paragraph (1)
pursuant to paragraph (2)."
SEC. 347. REPORT ON FUTURE STRUCTURE AND
RESPONSIBILITIES OF FOREIGN MA-
LIGN INFLUENCE CENTER.
(a) ASSESSMENT AND REPORT REQUIRED.—
Not later than one year after the date of the
enactment of this Act, the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence shall-
(1) conduct an assessment as to the future
structure and responsibilities of the Foreign
Malign Influence Center; and
(2) submit to the congressional intelligence
Director with respect to the assessment con-
ducted under paragraph (1).
(b) ELEMENTS.—The assessment conducted
under subsection (a)(1) shall include an as-
(1) the Director of the Foreign Malign In-
fluence Center should continue to report di-
Director of National Intel-
(2) the Foreign Malign Influence Center
become an element of the National
Counterintelligence and Security Center and
the Director of the Foreign Malign Influence
Center should report to the Director of the
Counterintelligence and Security
Subtitle D-People's Republic of China
SEC. 351. ASSESSMENT OF POSTURE AND CAPA-
BILITIES OF INTELLIGENCE COMMU-
NITY WITH RESPECT TO ACTIONS OF
THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
(a) DEFINITION
TEES OF CONGRESS.-
-In this section, the term
PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations
and the Committee on Banking, Housing,
and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
the Committee on Financial Services of the
PLAN REQUIRED.—Not later
days after the date of the enactment of this
Director of National Intelligence
shall submit to the appropriate committees
with the intelligence agencies of key demo-
cratic countries and key partners and allies
of the United States in order to track and
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
GRESS.The term 'appropriate committees
(A) The congressional intelligence commit-
(B) The Committee on Armed Services of
(C) The Committee on Commerce, Science,
and Transportation of the Senate.
(D) The Committee on Armed Services of
the House of Representatives.
(E) The Committee on Transportation and
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-
(F) The Committee on Science, Space, and
Technology of the House of Representatives.
(2) UNIDENTIFIED
FORCE.—The term 'Unidentified Aerial Phe-
established by the Department of Defense on
August 4, 2020, to be led by the Department
of the Navy, under the Office of the Under
Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Se-
(b) AVAILABILITY OF DATA ON UNIDENTIFIED
tional Intelligence and the Secretary of De-
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
fense shall each, in coordination with each tees;
other, require each element of the intel-
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the
ligence community and the Department of Committee on Foreign Relations, and the
among allied and partner countries of the
(2) Current capabilities of the People's Re-
public of China in critical technologies and
(3) The efforts of the People's Republic of
China to buy startups, conduct joint ven-
tures, and invest in
(4) The technology development of the Peo-
ple's Republic of China in key technology
(5) The efforts of the People's Republic of
China relating to standard-setting forums.
(6) Supply chain vulnerabilities for key
technology sectors.
SEC. 353. ASSESSMENT OF PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC
OF CHINA GENOMIC COLLECTION.
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs, the Committee on Health,
Education, Labor, and Pensions,
mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-
fairs, and the Committee on Foreign Rela-

===== PAGE 154 =====
{"alpha_words": 1116, "chars": 7690, "method": "ocr", "page": 154, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(3) the Committee on Armed Services, the
Committee on Homeland Security, the Com-
mittee on Labor and Education,
mittee on Financial Services, and the Com-
Foreign Affairs of the House of
Representatives.
(b) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED.—Not later than
180 days after the date of the enactment of
National Intel-
in consultation with other appro-
submit to the appropriate
committees of
Congress an assessment of the People's Re-
public of China's plans, intentions, capabili-
ties, and resources devoted to biotechnology,
and the objectives underlying those activi-
ties. The assessment shall include-
(1) a detailed analysis of efforts under-
the People's Republic of China
technology, research and development, and
genetic information, including
owned by United States companies, research
by United states institutions,
netic information of United States citizens;
(2) identification of PRC-based
tions conducting or directing these efforts,
including information about the ties between
the PRC govern-
People's Liberation Army; and
detailed analysis of the intelligence
technology, including synthetic biology and
genomic-related issues, and a plan to im-
prove understanding of these issues and en-
sure the intelligence community has the req-
(c) FORM.—The assessment required under
subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassi-
annex, if necessary.
SEC. 354. UPDATES TO ANNUAL REPORTS ON IN-
FLUENCE OPERATIONS
PAIGNS IN THE UNITED STATES BY
THE CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY.
Section 1107(b) of the National Security
Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3237(b)) is amended-
(1) by redesignating paragraph (9) as para-
(2) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-
'(9) A listing of all known Chinese talent
United States as of the date of the report.".
SEC. 355. REPORT ON INFLUENCE OF PEOPLES
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
SEC. 356. STUDY ON THE CREATION OF AN OFFI shall submit to the appropriate committees
CIAL DIGITAL CURRENCY BY THE
of Congress a report assessing the efforts and
PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA.
advancements of China in the wind power,
(a) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMIT-
solar power, and electric vehicle battery pro-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
duction sectors (or key components of such
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Banking, Housing,
eign Relations, and the Committee on Appro-
priations of the Senate; and
(3) the Committee on Financial Services,
Committee on Appropriations of the House
of Representatives.
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
shall submit
priate committees of Congress a report on
the short-, medium-, and long-term national
security risks associated with the creation
and use of the official digital renminbi of the
People's Republic of China, including-
(2) risks related to security and illicit fi-
(3) risks related to economic coercion and
social control by the People's Republic of
(c) CONTENTS.—The report submitted under
subsection (b) shall include the following:
geting rare earth minerals and the effect of
such targeting on the sectors described in
(2) Details of the use by the Chinese Com-
schemes, including forced labor and
other human rights abuses in
(d) FORM.—The report submitted
subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassi-
form, but may include a classified
TITLE IV-ANOMALOUS HEALTH
SEC. 401. DEFINITION OF ANOMALOUS HEALTH
In this title, the term 'anomalous health
incident' means an unexplained health event
characterized by any of a collection of symp-
toms and clinical signs that includes
sudden onset of perceived loud sound, a sen-
sation of intense pressure or vibration in the
head, possibly with a directional character,
followed by the onset of tinnitus, hearing
by subsection (b) shall be submitted in un-
classified form, but may include a classified
SEC. 357. REPORT ON EFFORTS OF CHINESE COM-
MUNIST PARTY TO ERODE FREEDOM
AND AUTONOMY IN HONG KONG.
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
SEC. 402. ASSESSMENT AND REPORT ON INTER-
PROJECTS WITH OTHER COUNTRIES.
(a) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations
and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and
(3) the Committee on Foreign
the Committee on Financial Services of the
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
Director of National Intelligence
shall submit to the appropriate committees
of Congress a report on efforts of the Chinese
Communist Party to stifle political freedoms
influence or manipulate the
judiciary of Hong Kong, destroy freedom of
the press and speech in Hong Kong, and take
actions to otherwise undermine the demo-
cratic processes of Hong Kong.
-The report submitted under
subsection (b) shall include an assessment of
the implications of the efforts of the Chinese
Communist Party
section for international business, investors,
academic institutions, and other individuals
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
the Senate; and
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Director of National Intelligence
shall submit to the appropriate committees
of Congress a report on recent projects nego-
tiated by the People's Republic of China with
other countries as part of the Belt and Road
Initiative of the People's Republic of China.
Such report shall include information about
projects, and the potential national security
implications of such projects.
subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassi-
fied form, but may include a classified
subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassi-
ON TARGETING OF RENEW-
ABLE SECTORS BY CHINA.
(a) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
the Senate; and
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
House of Representatives.
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.-
Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
Director of National Intelligence
ANOMALOUS HEALTH INCIDENTS.
(a) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
"appropriate committees
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
House of Representatives.
(b) ASSESSMENT AND REPORT REQUIRED.—
Not later than 180 days after the date of the
enactment of this Act, the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence shall-
(1) conduct an assessment of how the var-
ious elements of the intelligence community
are coordinating or collaborating with each
other and with elements of the Federal Gov-
ernment that are not part of the intelligence
community in their eiforts to address anom-
alous health incidents; and
(2) submit to the appropriate committees
Director with respect to the assessment con-
ducted under paragraph (1).
(c) FORM.—The report submitted pursuant
to subsection (b)(2) shall be submitted in un-
classified form, but may include a classified
SEC. 403. ADVISORY PANEL ON THE OFFICE OF
TRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY.
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
the Director of National Intelligence
shall establish, under the sponsorship of such
entities as the Director considers appro-
priate, an advisory panel to assess the capa-
bilities, expertise, and qualifications of the
Office of Medical Services of the Central In-
telligence Agency in relation to the care and
health management of personnel of the intel-
ligence community who are reporting symp-
toms consistent with anomalous health inci-

===== PAGE 155 =====
{"alpha_words": 1124, "chars": 7836, "method": "ocr", "page": 155, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7962
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(1) IN GENERAL.—The advisory panel shall SEC. 404. JOINT TASK FORCE TO INVESTIGATE
be composed of at least 9 individuals selected
ANOMALOUS HEALTH INCIDENTS.
by the Director of National Intelligence from
(a) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMIT-
among individuals who are recognized ex-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
perts in the medical profession and intel-
(2) DIVERSITY.-
-In making appointments to
the advisory panel, the Director shall ensure
that the members of the panel reflect diverse
experiences in the public and private sectors.
panel established under subsection (a) are as
(1) To review the performance of the Office
specifically as it relates to
the medical care of personnel of the intel-
ligence community who are reporting symp-
toms consistent with anomalous health inci-
dents during the period beginning on Janu-
ary 1, 2016, and ending on December 31, 2021.
(2) To assess the policies and procedures
that guided external treatment referral prac-
tices for Office of Medical Services patients
anomalous health incidents during the pe-
riod described in paragraph (1).
(3) To develop recommendations regarding
and policies to im-
prove patient treatment by the Office of
Services with regard to anomalous
health incidents, including with respect to
access to external treatment facilities and
(4) To prepare and submit a report as re-
(d) ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS.-
tral Intelligence Agency
advisory panel established pursuant to sub-
section (a) with timely access to appropriate
information, data, resources, and analysis so
may carry out the
duties of the advisory panel under subsection
(2) INAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The require-
ments of the Federal Advisory Committee
Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the ad-
established pursuant to sub-
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the
Committee on
Foreign Relations,
mittee on the Judiciary, and the Committee
on Appropriations of the Senate; and
(3) the Committee on Armed Services, the
mittee on the Judiciary, and the Committee
on Appropriations of the House of Represent-
(b) JOINT TASK FORCE REQUIRED.—The
rector of National Intelligence and the Di-
rector of the Federal Bureau of Investigation
shall jointly establish a task force to inves-
tigate anomalous health incidents.
(C) CONSULTATION.-In carrying out an in-
force established under such subsection shall
consult with the Secretary of Defense.
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
task force established under subsection (b)
shall complete the investigation required by
priate committees of Congress a written re-
port on the findings of the task force with
respect to such investigation.
-The report submitted pursuant
classified form, but may include a classified
ANOMALOUS HEALTH INCIDENTS.
(a) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term
November 4, 2021
TITLE V-SECURITY CLEARANCES AND
801 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50
U.S.C. 3161) is amended by adding at the end
'(C) EXCLUSIVITY.—Except as provided in
subsection (b) and subject to sections 801A
the procedures established pursu-
ant to subsection (a) and promulgated and
set forth under part 2001 of title 32, Code of
Federal Regulations,
shall be the exclusive procedures
which decisions about eligibility for
to classified information are governed."
ther amended by adding at the end the fol-
'(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this sub-
section, the President shall-
(1) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than 1 year
after the date on which the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence establishes the advisory
panel pursuant to subsection (a), the advi-
sory panel shall submit to the Director of
Intelligence, the Director
Central Intelligence Agency, and the con-
report on the activities of the advisory panel
under this section.
-The final report submitted
under paragraph (1) shall contain a detailed
statement of the findings and conclusions of
the panel, including-
of anomalous health inci-
(B) such additional recommendations
legislation or administrative
advisory panel considers appropriate.
(3) INTERIM REPORT OR BRIEFING.—Not later
than 180 days after the date of the enactment
the Director of National Intel-
ligence shall submit to the congressional in-
telligence committees a report or provide
findings of the advisory panel with respect to
the elements set forth in paragraph (2).
(4) COMMENTS OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL
Not later than 30 days after
receiving the final report of the advisory
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Appropriations of the
(3) the Committee on Appropriations of the
House of Representatives.
(b) IN GENERAL.—Whenever the head of an
element of the intelligence community be-
incident occurring among the
or contractors of the element, the
head of the element shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress a brief re-
port on the reported incident.
SEC. 406. ACCESS TO CERTAIN FACILITIES OF
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT FOR
congressional intelligence
comments as the Director may have with re-
the intelligence community provide to em-
ployees of elements of the intelligence com-
munity and their family members who are
experiencing symptoms of anomalous health
conditions timely access for medical assess-
ment to facilities of the United States Gov-
ernment with expertise in traumatic brain
(b) PROCESS FOR ASSESSMENT AND TREAT-
MENT.—The Director of National Intelligence
shall coordinate with the Secretary of De-
fense and the heads of such Federal agencies
as the Director considers appropriate to en-
sure there is a process to provide employees
and their family members described in sub-
section (a) with timely access
tional Intrepid Center of Excellence, an In-
trepid Spirit Center, or an appropriate mili-
tary medical treatment facility for assess-
if necessary, treatment,
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-
'(B) submit to Congress a certification
that the procedures currently in effect that
govern access to classified information as de-
'(i) are published in the Federal Register;
'(ii) comply with the requirements of sub-
UPDATES.—Whenever the
makes a revision to a procedure established
shall publish such revision in the Federal
Register not later than 30 days before the
on which the revision becomes effec-
(C) CONSISTENCY.-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Title VIII of the National
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3161 et seq.) is
amended by inserting after section 801 the
"SEC. 801A. DECISIONS RELATING TO ACCESS TO
CLASSIFIED INFORMATION.
"(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
meaning given the term 'Executive agency'
in section 105 of title 5, United States Code.
CLASSIFIED INFORMATION.—The term
compartmented information, restricted data,
restricted handling information, and other
compartmented information.
'(3) ELIGIBILITY FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED
'eligibility for ac-
cess to classified information' has the mean-
ing given such term in the procedures estab-
lished pursuant to section 801(a).
'(b) IN GENERAL.—Each head of an agency
that makes a determination regarding eligi-
for access to classified information
shall ensure that in making the determina-
tion, the head of the agency or any person
acting on behalf of the head of the agency-
'(1) does not violate any right or protec-
including rights articulated
in the First, Fifth, and Fourteenth Amend-
'(2) does not discriminate for or against an
individual on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or
"(A) retaliation for political activities or
''(B) a coercion or reprisal described in sec-
tion 2302(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code;
'(4) does not violate section 3001(j)(1) of
the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-
vention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(1)).".

===== PAGE 156 =====
{"alpha_words": 1432, "chars": 9473, "method": "ocr", "page": 156, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of
contents in the matter preceding section 2 of
the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C.
3002) is amended by inserting after the item
relating to section 801 the following:
"Sec. 801A. Decisions relating to access to
classified information.".
(d) RIGHT TO APPEAL.-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Such title, as amended by
subsection (c), is further amended by insert-
ing after section 801A the following:
"SEC. 801B. RIGHT TO APPEAL.
'(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
terests of national security and as permitted
by other applicable provisions of law; and
"(II) notice of the right of the covered per-
son to a hearing and appeal under this sub-
meaning given the term 'Executive agency'
in section 105 of title 5, United States Code.
'(2) COVERED PERSON.—The term 'covered
President and Vice President, currently or
formerly employed in, detailed to, assigned
to, or issued an authorized conditional offer
of employment for a position that requires
access to classified information by an agen-
'(A) A member of the Armed Forces.
"(C) An expert or consultant with a con-
tractual or personnel obligation to an agen-
'(D) Any other category of person who acts
for or on behalf of an agency as determined
by the head of the agency.
'(3) ELIGIBILITY FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED
cess to classified information' has the mean-
ing given such term in the procedures estab-
lished pursuant to section 801(a).
access' has such meaning as the President
the procedures established
'(5) RECIPROCITY OF CLEARANCE.—The term
'reciprocity of clearance', with respect to a
denial by an agency, means that the agency,
with respect to a covered person
"(A) failed to accept a security clearance
investigation
paragraph (1) of section 3001(d) of the Intel-
'(ii) Not later than 30 days after receiving
a request from the covered person for copies
of the documents that formed the basis of
the agency's decision to revoke or deny, in-
cluding the investigative file, the head of the
agency shall provide to the covered person
copies of such documents as
1) the head oi the agency determines i
onsistent with the interests of national se
"(II) permitted by other applicable provi-
"(aa) section 552 of title 5, United States
Code (commonly known as the 'Freedom of
Information Act');
'(bb) section 552a of such title (commonly
known as the 'Privacy Act of 1974'); and
"(cc) such other provisions of law relating
to the protection of confidential sources and
"(iii)(I) The covered person shall have the
opportunity to retain counsel or other rep-
resentation at the covered person's expense.
'(II) Upon the request of the covered per-
son, and a showing that the ability to review
classified information is essential to the res-
olution of an appeal under this subsection,
under this clause shall be considered for ac-
cess to classified information for the limited
purposes of such appeal.
"(iv)(I) The head of the agency shall pro-
vide the covered person an opportunity, at a
point in the process determined by the agen-
"(aa) to appear personally before an adju-
dicative or other authority, other than the
investigating entity, and to present to such
past problems relating to the denial or rev-
ocation have been overcome or sufficiently
mitigated; and
'(bb) to call and cross-examine witnesses
Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(d));
before such authority, unless the head of the
'(B) failed to accept a transferred security
agency determines that calling and cross-ex-
clearance background investigation required
amining witnesses is not consistent with the
by paragraph (2) of such section;
interests of national security.
"(C) subjected the covered person to an ad-
"(II) The head of the agency shall make, as
ditional
investigative or
adjudicative re-
part of the security record of the covered
quirement in violation of paragraph (3) of
person, a written summary, transcript, or re-
such section; or
cording of any appearance under item (aa) of
'(D) conducted an investigation in viola-
subclause (1) or of any calling or cross-exam-
tion of paragraph (4) of such section.
ining of witnesses under item (bb) of such
'(6) SECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT.-
-The term
subclause.
'Security Executive Agent' means the officer
'(v) On or before the date that is 30 days
serving as the Security Executive Agent pur-
after the date on which the covered person
suant to section 803.
'(b) AGENCY REVIEW.
receives copies of documents under clause
(ii), the covered person may request a hear-
'(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
ing of the decision to deny or revoke by fil-
after the date of the enactment of the Intel-
ing a written appeal with the head of the
ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal
Year
agency.
2022, each head of an agency shall, consistent
'(B) A requirement that each review of a
with
the interests of national security,
es-
decision under this subsection is completed
tablish and publish in the Federal Register a
on average not later than 180 days after the
process by which a covered person to whom
date on which a hearing is requested under
eligibility for access to classified informa-
subparagraph (A)(V).
tion was denied or revoked by the agency or
'(3) AGENCY REVIEW PANELS.—
for whom reciprocity of clearance was denied
"(A) IN GENERAL.—Each head of an agency
by the agency can appeal that denial or rev-
shall establish a panel to hear and review ap-
ocation within the agency.
peals under this subsection.
"(2) ELEMENTS.—
-The
process required by
'(B) MEMBERSHIP.-
paragraph (1) shall include the following:
"(i) COMPOSITION.—Each panel established
'(A) In
the case of a
covered person to by the head of an agency under subparagraph
whom eligibility for access to classified in-
(A) shall be composed of at least 3 employees
formation or reciprocity of clearance is de-
of the agency selected by the agency head,
nied or revoked by an agency, the following:
two of whom shall not be members of the se-
'(i) The head of the agency shall provide
curity field.
the covered person with a written-
"(ii) TERMS.—A term of service on a panel
'(I) detailed explanation of the basis for
established by the head of an agency under
the denial or revocation as the head of the
subparagraph (A) shall not exceed 2 years.
agency determines is consistent with the in-
'(C) DECISIONS.—
S7963
'(i) WRITTEN.—Each decision of a panel es-
tablished under subparagraph (A) shall be in
writing and contain a justification of the de-
that establishes a panel under subparagraph
(A) shall ensure that each decision of the
panel is consistent with the interests of na-
tional security and applicable provisions of
'(iii) OVERTURN.—The head of an
may overturn a decision of the panel if, not
later than 30 days after the date on which
the panel issues the
granted by this clause to overturn such deci-
"(iv) FINALITY.—Each decision of a panel
established under subparagraph (A) or over-
turned pursuant to clause (iii) of this sub-
paragraph shall be final but subject to appeal
and review under subsection (C).
'(D) ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION.-
of an agency that establishes a
panel under subparagraph (A) shall afford ac-
classified information to the mem-
bers of the panel as the agency head deter-
"(i) necessary for the panel to hear and re-
view an appeal under this subsection; and
"(ii) consistent with the interests of na-
'(4) REPRESENTATION BY COUNSEL.-
'(A) IN GENERAL.—Each head of an agency
shall ensure that,
under this subsection,
covered person appealing a decision of the
head's agency under this subsection has an
opportunity to retain counsel or other rep-
resentation at the covered person's expense.
'(B) ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION.-
"(i) IN GENERAL.—Upon the request of a
covered person
appealing a decision
agency under this subsection and a showing
that the ability to review classified informa-
tion is essential to the resolution of the ap-
peal under this subsection, the head of the
agency shall sponsor an application by
representation
under this paragraph for access to classified
information for the limited purposes of such
EXTENT OF ACCESS.—Counsel or an-
other representative who is cleared for ac-
forded access to relevant classified materials
to the extent consistent with the interests of
'(5) CORRECTIVE ACTION.—If, in the course
of proceedings
under this
subsection,
the
head of an agency or a panel established by
the agency head under paragraph (3) decides
that a covered person's eligibility for access
to classified information was improperly de-
nied or revoked by the agency,
the agency
shall take corrective
action
to return
the
covered person, as nearly as practicable and
reasonable, to the position such covered per-
son would have held had the improper denial
or revocation not occurred.
'(6) PUBLICATION OF DECISIONS.—
'(A) IN GENERAL.—Each head of an agency
shall publish each final decision on an appeal
under this subsection.
'(B) REQUIREMENTS.—In order to
transparency,
oversight by Congress,
and
meaningful information for those who need
to
understand how
the clearance process
works, each publication under subparagraph
(A) shall be-
"(i) made in a manner that is consistent
with section 552 of title 5,
United
States
Code, as amended by the Electronic Freedom
of Information
Act Amendments
of
1996
(Public Law 104-231);
"(ii) published to explain the facts of the
case, redacting personally identifiable infor-
mation and sensitive program information;
and

===== PAGE 157 =====
{"alpha_words": 1297, "chars": 8553, "method": "ocr", "page": 157, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(iii) made available on a website that is which the panel issues the decision, the Se-
searchable by members of the public.
curity Executive Agent personally exercises
'(C) HIGHER LEVEL REVIEW.—
the authority granted by this clause to over-
turn such decision.
'(A) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of the
Authorization Act for Fiscal
"(E) NATURE OF REMANDS.—In remanding a
decision under subparagraph (A), the panel
established under paragraph (1) may not di-
rect the outcome of any further appeal under
shall establish a panel to review
made on appeals pursuant to the processes
established under subsection (b).
'(B) SCOPE OF REVIEW AND JURISDICTION.—
After the initial review to verify grounds for
appeal, the panel established under subpara-
graph (A) shall review such decisions only
'(i) as they relate to violations of section
properly conducted a review
"(C) COMPOSITION.-The panel established
pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be com-
posed of three individuals selected by the Se-
curity Executive Agent for purposes of the
panel, of whom at least one shall be an attor-
'(2) APPEALS AND TIMELINESS.-
'(i) INITIATION.—On or before the date that
is 30 days after the date on which a covered
person receives a written decision on an ap-
peal under subsection (b), the covered person
may initiate oversight of that decision by
filing a written appeal with the Security Ex-
"(ii) FILING.—A written appeal filed under
clause (i) relating to a decision of an agency
shall be filed in such form, in such manner,
and containing such information as the Se-
curity Executive Agent may require, includ-
801A(b) relating to the denial or revocation
of the covered person's eligibility for access
to classified information; and
'(bb) any allegations of how the decision
may have been the result of the agency fail-
ing to properly conduct a review under sub-
"(II) supporting materials and information
for the allegations described under subclause
'(B) TIMELINESS.—The Security Executive
Agent shall ensure that, on
of each appeal filed under this subsection is
completed not later than 180 days after the
date on which the appeal is filed.
'(3) DECISIONS AND REMANDS.
'(A) IN GENERAL.—If, in the course of re-
viewing under this subsection a decision of
an agency under subsection (b), the panel es-
tablished under paragraph (1) decides that
there is sufficient evidence of a violation of
section 801A(b) to merit a new hearing or de-
cides that the decision of the agency was the
result of an improperly
conducted review
under subsection (b), the panel shall vacate
the decision made under subsection (b) and
remand to the agency by which the covered
shall be eligible for a new appeal
'(B) WRITTEN DECISIONS.—Each decision of
shall be in writing and contain a justifica-
"(C) CONSISTENCY.—The panel under para-
graph (1) shall ensure that each decision of
the panel is consistent with the interests of
national security and applicable provisions
'(D) FINALITY.
'(i) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in
clause (ii), each decision of the panel estab-
lished under paragraph (1) shall be final.
"(ii) OVERTURN.-
-The Security Executive
Agent may overturn a decision of the panel
if, not later than 30 days after the date on
'(F) NOTICE OF DECISIONS.—For each deci-
sion of the panel established under
graph (1) regarding a covered person, the Se-
curity Executive Agent shall provide
covered person with a written notice of the
decision that includes a detailed description
of the reasons for the
with the interests of national security and
applicable provisions of law.
'(4) REPRESENTATION BY COUNSEL.-
'(A) IN GENERAL.-
-The Security Executive
Agent shall ensure that, under this sub-
covered person appealing a deci-
sion under subsection (b) has an opportunity
to retain counsel or other representation at
the covered person's expense.
'(B) ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION.-
covered person and a showing that the abil-
ity to review classified information is essen-
tial to the resolution of an appeal under this
shall sponsor an application by the counsel
or other representation retained under this
paragraph for access to classified informa-
tion for the limited purposes of such appeal.
"(ii) EXTENT OF ACCESS.—Counsel or an-
other representative who is cleared for ac-
cess under this subparagraph may
forded access to relevant classified materials
to the extent consistent with the interests of
ACCESS TO DOCUMENTS AND EMPLOY-
'(A) AFFORDING ACCESS TO MEMBERS OF
PANEL.—The Security Executive Agent shall
afford access to classified information to the
members of the panel established under para-
graph (1)(A) as the Security Executive Agent
'(i) necessary for the panel to review a de-
cision described in such paragraph; and
'(ii) consistent with the interests of na-
'(B) AGENCY COMPLIANCE WITH REQUESTS OF
PANEL.—Pach head of an agency shall com-
ply with each request by the panel for a doc-
ument and each request by the panel for ac-
cess to employees of the agency necessary
for the review of an appeal under this sub-
section, to the degree that doing so is, as de-
termined by the head of the agency and per-
mitted by applicable provisions of law, con-
sistent with the interests of national secu-
'(6) PUBLICATION OF DECISIONS.
'(A) IN GENERAL.—For each final decision
on an appeal under this subsection, the head
of the agency with respect to which the ap-
Agent shall each publish the decision, con-
sistent with the interests of national secu-
"(B) REQUIREMENTS.—In order to
transparency,
oversight by Congress,
meaningful information for those who need
works, each publication under subparagraph
"(i) made in a manner that is consistent
Code, as amended by the Electronic Freedom
"(ii) published to explain the facts of the
case, redacting personally identifiable infor-
mation and sensitive program information;
November 4, 2021
'(iii) made available on a website that is
searchable by members of the public.
'(d) PERIOD OF TIME FOR THE RIGHT TO AP-
"(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as
paragraph (2), any covered person who has
been the subject of a decision made by the
head of an agency to deny or revoke eligi-
for access to classified information
shall retain all rights to appeal under this
section until the conclusion of the appeals
'(2) WAIVER OF RIGHTS.-
"(A) PERSONS.—Any covered person may
voluntarily waive the covered person's right
to appeal under this section and such waiver
shall be conclusive.
may not require a covered person to waive
the covered person's right to appeal under
DURES FOR NATIONAL SECURITY INTEREST.-
'(1) IN GENERAL.—If the head of an agency
subsection (b) cannot be made avail-
able to a covered person in an exceptional
damaging a national security
interest of the United States by revealing
classified information, such procedure shall
not be made available to such covered per-
FINALITY.—A determination
paragraph (1) shall be final and conclusive
and may not be reviewed by any other offi-
"(3) REPORTING.
'(i) IN GENERAL.—In each case in which the
graph (1) that a procedure established under
subsection (b) cannot be made available to a
the agency head shall, not
later than 30 days after the date on
the agency head makes such determination,
submit to the Security Executive Agent and
to the congressional intelligence committees
a report stating the reasons for the deter-
clause (i) may be submitted in classified
'(i) IN GENERAL.—Not less frequently than
once each fiscal year, the Security Executive
Agent shall submit to the congressional in-
telligence committees a report on the deter-
minations made under paragraph (1) during
the previous fiscal year.
CONTENTS.—Each report
under clause (i) shall include, for the period
covered by the report, the following:
'(I) The number of cases and reasons for
determinations
under paragraph (1),
other matters as the Security
Executive Agent considers appropriate.
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in
this section shall be construed to limit or af-
fect the responsibility and power of the head
of an agency to deny or revoke eligibility for
access to
reciprocity of clearance in the interest of na-
AND REVOCATION.—The power
and responsibility to deny
bility for access to classified information or
to deny reciprocity of clearance pursuant to
order may be exercised only when the head
of an agency determines that an applicable
process established under this section cannot
be invoked in a manner that is consistent
with national security.
paragraph (2) shall be final and conclusive

===== PAGE 158 =====
{"alpha_words": 1213, "chars": 8495, "method": "ocr", "page": 158, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
and may not be reviewed by any other offi- employees engaged by the Federal Govern-
"(4) REPORTING.-
'(i) IN GENERAL.—In each case in which the
agency determines under para-
graph (2) that a determination relating to a
denial or revocation of eligibility for access
classified information or denial of reci-
procity of clearance could not be made pur-
suant to a process established under this sec-
tion, the agency head shall, not later than 30
days after the date on which the agency head
graph (2), submit to the Security Executive
Agent and to the congressional intelligence
committees a report stating the reasons for
"(ii) FORM.-A
be submitted in classified
"(B) ANNUAL REPORTS.-
"(i) IN GENERAL.—Not less frequently than
once each fiscal year, the Security Executive
Agent shall submit to the congressional in-
telligence committees a report on the deter-
minations made under paragraph (2) during
(b) CONSENT REQUIREMENT.-
subsection (a) shall require, as a condition of
accepting a security clearance with the Fed-
ployee provide prior written consent for the
Federal Government to share covered derog-
atory information with the chief security of-
ficer of the contractor employer that em-
ploys the contractor employee.
For purposes of this section, covered deroga-
(i) contravenes National
dicative Guidelines as specified in Security
Executive Agent Directive 4 (appendix A to
part 710 of title 10, Code of Federal Regula-
tions), or any successor Federal policy;
(ii) a Federal Government agency certifies
(iii) is relevant to a contractor's ability to
protect against insider threats as required
by section 1-202 of the National Industrial
(NISPOM), or successor manual; and
(iv) may have a bearing on the contractor
employee's suitability for a position of pub-
lic trust or to receive credentials to access
certain facilities of the Federal Government;
(B) shall include any negative information
considered in the adjudicative process, in-
tractor employee on forms submitted for the
processing of the contractor employee's se-
(8) stipulate that the chief security officer
the contractor employer
or discussing covered deroga-
tory information with other parties, includ-
ing nonsecurity professionals at the
(9) require companies in the National In-
dustrial Security Program to comply
CONSIDERATION OF LESSONS LEARNED
FROM INFORMATION-SHARING
under subsection (a), the Director shall con-
sider, to the extent available, lessons learned
from actions taken to carry
6611(f) of the National Defense Authorization
Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (50 U.S.C. 3352f(f)).
SEC. 503. PERFORMANCE MEASURES REGARDING
TIMELINESS FOR PERSONNEL MO-
(a) POLICY REQUIRED.—Not later
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Director of National Intelligence
shall issue a policy for measuring the total
time it takes to transfer personnel with se-
curity clearances and eligibility for access to
information commonly referred to as "sen-
from one Federal agency to another, or from
one contract to another in the case of a con-
under clause (i) shall include, for the period
covered by the report, the following:
'(I) The number of cases and reasons for
determinations made under
disaggregated by agency.
'(II) Such other matters as the Security
Executive Agent considers appropriate.
SUITABILITY.—No
person may use a determination of
ability under part 731 of title 5, Code of Fed-
eral Regulations, or successor regulation, for
the purpose of denying a covered person the
there has been a denial or revocation of eli-
gibility for access to classified information
or a denial of reciprocity of clearance.
"(h) PRESERVATION OF ROLES AND RESPON-
SIBILITIES UNDER EXECUTIVE ORDER 10865 AND
OF THE DEFENSE OFFICE OF HEARINGS AND AP-
-Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued to diminish or otherwise
procedures in effect on the day before the
date of the enactment of this Act for denial
and revocation procedures provided to indi-
viduals by Executive Order 10865 (50 U.S.C.
3161 note; relating to safeguarding classified
order, including those administered through
the Defense Office of Hearings and Appeals of
ment of Defense Directive 5220.6, or successor
"(i) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION RELATING TO
section and the processes and procedures es-
tablished under this section shall not be con-
strued to apply to paragraphs (6) and (7) of
section 3001(j) of the Intelligence Reform and
Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C.
under subsection (a) shall-
(1) to the degree practicable, cover all per-
sonnel who are moving to positions that re-
quire a security clearance and access to sen-
sitive compartmented information;
(2) cover the period from the first time a
quest to a Federal agency for the transfer of
employment of an
clearance access or eligibility determination
contents in the matter preceding section 2 of
the National Security
Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C.
3002), as amended by subsection (c), is fur-
ther amended by inserting after the item re-
lating to section 801A the following:
"Sec. 801B. Right to appeal."
SEC. 502. FEDERAL POLICY ON SHARING OF DE-
TAINING TO CONTRACTOR EMPLOY-
EES IN THE TRUSTED WORKFORCE.
(a) POLICY REQUIRED.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Security Executive Agent, in co-
ordination with the principal members of the
Performance Accountability Council and the
Attorney General, shall issue a policy for the
Federal Government on sharing of deroga-
tory information pertaining to contractor
subsection (a) shall-
(1) require Federal agencies, except under
exceptional circumstances specified by
Security Executive Agent, to share with the
contractor employer of
ployee engaged with the Federal Government
the existence of potentially derogatory in-
formation and which National Security Ad-
judicative Guideline it falls under, with the
that the Security Executive Agent
cumstances the
Security Executive
(2) require that covered derogatory infor-
mation shared with a contractor employer as
described in subsection (b)(1) be used by the
contractor employer exclusively for
mitigation purposes under section 1-202 of
National Industrial
Security Program
Operating Manual, or successor manual;
(3) require Federal agencies to share any
mitigation measures in place to address the
derogatory information;
(4) establish standards for timeliness for
sharing the derogatory information;
(5) specify the methods by which covered
derogatory information will be shared with
the contractor employer of the contractor
(6) allow the contractor employee, within a
specified timeframe, the right-
(A) to contest the accuracy and reliability
of covered derogatory information;
raised by the covered derogatory informa-
(C) to provide documentation pertinent to
an
place in relevant security clearance data-
(7) establish a procedure by which the con-
tractor employer of the contractor employee
may consult with the Federal Government
section 1-202 of the National Industrial Secu-
rity Program Operating Manual, or successor
manual, to address the derogatory informa-
tion the Federal agency has provided;
agency to start to work in the new position;
suitability determination, fitness determina-
tion, human resources review, transfer of the
after the date on which the Director issues
the policy under subsection (a), the Director
shall issue modifications to such policies as
the Director determines were issued before
the issuance of the policy under such sub-
section and are relevant to such updated pol-
icy, as the Director considers appropriate.
-Not later than 1
year after the
date on which the Director
issues the policy under subsection (a), the
ommendations for legislative action to up-
date metrics specified elsewhere in statute
to measure parts of the process that support
transfers described in subsection (a).
-Not later than 180
days after issuing the policy required by sub-
section (a) and not less frequently than once
each year thereafter until the date that is 3
years after the date of such issuance, the Di-
rector shall submit to Congress a report on
the implementation of such policy. Such re-
shall address performance
and by clearance type in meeting such pol-
SEC. 504. GOVERNANCE OF TRUSTED WORK-
FORCE 2.0 INITIATIVE.
(a) GOVERNANCE.—The Director of National
tive Agent, and the Director of the Office of
Personnel Management, acting as the Suit-
ability and Credentialing Executive Agent,
in coordination with the Deputy Director for

===== PAGE 159 =====
{"alpha_words": 1166, "chars": 7857, "method": "ocr", "page": 159, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the Office of Management
and Budget, acting as the director of the
Accountability
ligence and Security shall jointly-
(1) not later than 180 days after the date of
the enactment of this Act, publish in the
and standards for Federal Government agen-
cies and industry partners to implement the
Trusted Workforce 2.0 initiative;
(2) not later than 2 years after the date of
the enactment of this Act and not less fre-
quently than once every 6 months thereafter,
submit to Congress a report on the timing,
ment agencies' policies, products, and serv-
ices to implement the Trusted Workforce 2.0
the National Background Investigation Serv-
(3) not later than 90 days after the date of
the enactment of this Act,
gress performance management metrics for
the implementation of the
2.0 initiative, including performance
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
'(C) VACANCY.—A vacancy in the Board
shall be filled in the manner in which the
original appointment was made.
'(D) EXTENSION.—Upon
the expiration of
the term of office of a member, the member
may continue to serve, at the election of the
"(i) during the period preceding the
appointment of the member pursuant to sub-
'(ii) until the member's successor has been
appointed and qualified."
SEC. 602. REPORTS ON INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT
GEANTS AT ARMS OF THE SENATE
November 4, 2021
(i) strategic and real-time warnings, such
as malware signatures and other indications
of attack; and
(ii) access to classified systems for trans-
mitting and posting intelligence.
graph (1) shall be submitted in
form, but may include a classified annex.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
"appropriate committees
of Congress" means
(A) the congressional intelligence commit-
(B) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on
Rules and Administration, the Committee on
the Judiciary, and the Committee on Appro-
priations of the Senate; and
(C) the Committee on Homeland Security,
the Committee on House Administration, the
Committee on the Judiciary, and the Com-
on Appropriations of the House of
(1) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Comptroller General of the United
States shall submit to the appropriate com-
mittees of Congress a report on the capacity
States Capitol Police to access and use intel-
ligence and threat information relevant to
the physical and cyber security of Congress.
paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) An assessment of the extent to which
the Sergeants at Arms and the United States
Capitol Police have the resources, including
facilities, cleared personnel, and necessary
adequately ac-
manage, and use intelligence
and threat information necessary to defend
the physical and cyber security of Congress.
(B) The extent to which the Sergeants at
Arms and the United States Capitol Police
communicate
with each other and with other local law en-
(b) INDEPENDENT STUDY ON TRUSTED WORK-
(1) STUDY REQUIRED.—Not later than 60
days after the date of the enactment of this
the Director of National Intelligence
shall enter into an agreement with an entity
that is not part of the Federal Government
to conduct a study on the
of the Federal Government
known as Trusted Workforce 1.25, 1.5, and 2.0.
-The study required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following:
assessment of how effective such
initiatives are or will be in determining who
should or should not have access to classified
(B) A comparison of the
effectiveness of
such initiatives with the system of periodic
day before the date of the enactment of this
(C) Identification of what is lost from the
suspension of universal periodic reinvestiga-
tions in favor of a system of continuous vet-
(D) An assessment of the relative effective-
Workforce 1.5, and Trusted Workforce 2.0.
(3) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act,
Director shall submit a report on the find-
ings from the study conducted under para-
graph (1) to the following:
(A) The congressional intelligence commit-
(B) The Committee on Armed Services of
(C) The Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate.
(D) The Committee on Armed Services of
the House of Representatives.
(E) The Committee on Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives.
TITLE VI-OTHER INTELLIGENCE
SEC. 601. IMPROVEMENTS RELATING TO CON-
TINUITY OF PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIB-
ERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD MEM-
Paragraph (4) of section 1061(h) of the In-
telligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention
Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(h)) is amended to
geants at Arms"
the Sergeant at
Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate and the
Chief Administrative Officer of the House of
(b) REPORT ON INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT.-
(1) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in
eral Bureau of Investigation and the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security, shall submit to
the appropriate committees of Congress a re-
port on intelligence support provided to the
Sergeants at Arms and the United
Capitol Police.
paragraph (1) shall include a description of
(A) Policies related to the Sergeants at
Arms and the United States Capitol Police
as customers of intelligence.
(B) How the intelligence community, the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the De-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may include a classified annex.
SEC. 603. STUDY ON VULNERABILITY OF GLOBAL
POSITIONING SYSTEM TO HOSTILE
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
(2) the Committee on Armed Services,
'(A) COMMENCEMENT.—Each member of the
shall serve a term of 6 years, com-
mencing on the date of the appointment of
the member to the Board.
'(B) REAPPOINTMENT.—A member may be
reappointed to one or more additional terms.
resourced to provide intelligence support to
the Sergeants at Arms and the United States
(C) The classified electronic and telephony
interoperability of the intelligence commu-
Federal Bureau of Investigation,
and the Department of Homeland Security
with the Sergeants at Arms and the United
(D) Any expedited security clearances pro-
United States Capitol Police.
other intelligence relevant to the physical
security of Congress that are provided to the
Sergeants at Arms and the United
(i) strategic analysis and real-time warn-
(ii) access to classified systems for trans-
mitting and posting intelligence.
(F) Cyber intelligence relevant to the pro-
of cyber networks of Congress and
the personal devices and accounts of Mem-
bers and employees of Congress, including—
Relations, and the Committee on Appropria-
tions of the Senate; and
(3) the Committee on Armed Services, the
nology, the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and the Committee on Appropriations of the
(b) STUDY REQUIRED.—The Director of Na-
with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary
of Commerce, and the Secretary of Transpor-
tation, conduct a study on the vulnerability
of the Global Positioning System (GPS) to
hostile actions, as well as any actions being
undertaken by the intelligence community,
the Department of Defense,
the Department
of Commerce, the Department of Transpor-
tation, and any other elements of the Fed-
eral Government to mitigate any risks stem-
the potential unavailability
the Global Positioning System.
-The study conducted under
subsection (b) shall include net assessments
and baseline studies of the following:
(1) The vulnerability of the Global Posi-
tioning System to hostile actions.
(2) The potential negative effects of a pro-
including with respect to the entire society,
to the economy of the United States, and to
the capabilities of the Armed Forces.
(3) Alternative systems that could back up
or replace the Global Positioning System, es-
pecially for the purpose of providing posi-
navigation, and timing, to
(4) Any actions being planned or under-
the intelligence community, the

===== PAGE 160 =====
{"alpha_words": 1250, "chars": 8621, "method": "ocr", "page": 160, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
Department of Defense, the Department of
and other elements of the Federal
Government to mitigate any risks to the en-
tire society, to the economy of the
States, and to the capabilities of the Armed
Forces, stemming from a potential unavail-
ability of the Global Positioning System.
(d) REPORT.—Not later than
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
Director of National Intelligence shall sub-
mit to the appropriate committees of Con-
gress a report in writing and provide such
committees a briefing on the findings of the
Director with respect to the study conducted
SEC. 604. AUTHORITY FOR TRANSPORTATION OF
FEDERALLY OWNED CANINES ASSO-
DUTIES OF INTELLIGENCE COMMU-
1344(a)(2)(B) of title 31, United
States Code, is amended by inserting ", or
transportation of federally owned canines as-
sociated with force protection duties of any
part of the intelligence community (as de-
section 3 of the National Security
Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003))" after 'duties".
SA 4462. Mr. PETERS (for himself
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end, add the following:
DIVISION E-INSPECTOR GENERAL INDE-
PENDENCE AND EMPOWERMENT ACT
This division may be cited as the 'Inspec-
tor General Independence and Empowerment
TITLE LI-INSPECTOR GENERAL
This title may be cited as the
Inspector General Independence Act of 2021'
SEC. 5112. REMOVAL OR TRANSFER OF INSPEC-
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Inspector General
Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended
(A) by inserting "(1)(A)' after '(b)";
(B) in paragraph (1), as so designated-
(i) in subparagraph (A), as so designated, in
(I) by striking "reasons" and inserting the
"substantive rationale,
detailed and case-specific reasons,"; and
'Houses of Congress'; and
(ii) by adding at the end the following:
"(B) If there is an open or completed in-
quiry into an Inspector General that relates
to the removal or transfer of the Inspector
General under subparagraph (A), the written
communication required under that subpara-
ducting, or that conducted, the inquiry; and
"(ii) in the case of a completed inquiry,
the findings made during the in-
(C) by adding at the end the following:
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(2)(A) Subject to the other provisions of
this paragraph, only the President may place
an Inspector General on non-duty status.
If the President places an Inspector
General on non-duty status,
communicate
case-specific reasons, for the change in sta-
tus to both Houses of Congress (including to
congressional committees)
which the change in status takes effect, ex-
cept that the President may submit that
communication not later than the date on
which the change in status takes effect if-
'(i) the President has made a determina-
tion that the continued presence of the In-
threat described in any of clauses (i) through
(iv) of section 6329b(b)(2)(A) of title 5, United
"(ii) in the communication, the President
includes a report on the determination de-
scribed in clause (i), which shall include-
'(I) a specification of which clause of sec-
tion 6329b(b)(2)(A) of title 5, United States
President has determined applies
under clause (i) of this subparagraph;
"(II) the substantive rationale, including
detailed and case-specific reasons, for the de-
termination made under clause (i);
'(III) an identification of each entity that
upon which the determination under
clause (i) was made; and
'(IV) in the case of an inquiry described in
subclause (III) that is completed, the find-
ings made during that inquiry.
"(C) The President may not place an In-
spector General on non-duty
which the Inspector General is removed or
transferred under paragraph (1)(A) unless the
"(i) has made a
determination that the
continued presence of the Inspector General
in the workplace poses a threat described in
6329b(b)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code;
"(ii) not later than the date on which the
change in status takes effect,
both Houses of Congress (including to the ap-
propriate congressional committees) a writ-
ten communication that contains the infor-
mation required under subparagraph (B), in-
cluding the report required under clause (ii)
"(D) For the purposes of this paragraph—
'(i) the term 'Inspector General'-
'(I) means an Inspector General who was
appointed by the President, without regard
to whether the Senate provided advice and
that appointment;
'(II) includes the Inspector General of an
establishment, the Inspector General of the
Intelligence Community, the Inspector Gen-
eral of the Central Intelligence Agency,
Reconstruction,
the Special Inspector Gen-
eral for the Troubled Asset Relief Program,
Special Inspector General for
"(ii) a reference to the removal or transfer
of an Inspector General under paragraph (1),
or to the written communication described
in that paragraph, shall be considered to be
"(I) in the case of the Inspector General of
the Intelligence Community, a reference to
section 103H(c)(4) of the National Security
Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3033(C) (4));
"(II) in the case of the Inspector General of
the Central Intelligence Agency, a reference
to section 17(b)(6) of the Central Intelligence
Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(b)(6));
"(III) in the case of the Special Inspector
reference to section 1229(c)(6) of the National
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year
2008 (Public Law 110-181; 122 Stat. 378);
"(IV) in the case of the Special Inspector
General for the Troubled Asset Relief Pro-
gram, a reference to section 121(b)(4) of the
Stabilization Act of
2008 (12 U.S.C. 5231(b)(4)); and
"(V) in the case of the Special Inspector
General for Pandemic Recovery, a reference
to section 4018(b)(3) of the CARES Act (15
(A) in paragraph (1), by inserting 'or place-
ment on non-duty status" after "a removal";
(i) by inserting '(A)" after "(2)";
(ii) in subparagraph (A), as so designated.
(I) by striking "reasons" and inserting the
detailed and case-specific reasons,"; and
(II) by inserting "(including to the appro-
(iii) by adding at the end the following:
'(B) If there is an open or completed in-
quiry into an Inspector General that relates
to the removal or transfer of the Inspector
General under subparagraph (A), the written
communication required under that subpara-
"(i) identify each
entity that is
ducting, or that conducted, the inquiry; and
"(ii) in the case of a completed inquiry,
the findings made during the in-
(C) by adding at the end the following:
'(3)(A) Subject to the other provisions of
this paragraph, only the head of the applica-
ble designated Federal entity (referred to in
this paragraph as the 'covered official') may
place an Inspector General on non-duty sta-
'(B) If a covered official places an Inspec-
tor General on non-duty status, the covered
official shall communicate in
substantive rationale, including detailed and
case-specific reasons, for the change in sta-
tus to both Houses of Congress (including to
congressional committees)
not later than 15 days before the date on
which the change in status takes effect, ex-
cept that the covered official may submit
that communication not later than the date
on which the change in status takes effect
'(i) the covered official has made a deter-
mination that the continued presence of the
Inspector General in the workplace poses a
threat described in any of clauses (i through
(iv) of section 6329b(b)(2)(A) of title 5, United
'(ii) in the communication, the covered of-
ficial includes a report on the determination
described in clause (i), which shall include
'(I) a specification of which clause of sec-
tion 6329b(b)(2)(A) of title 5,
United States
Code, the covered official has determined ap-
plies under clause (i) of this subparagraph;
"(II) the substantive rationale,
detailed and case-specific reasons, for the de-
termination made under clause (i);
"(III) an identification of each entity that
quiry upon which the determination under
'(IV) in the case of an inquiry described in
subclause (III) that is completed, the find-
ings made during that inquiry.
Inspector General on non-duty status during
the 30-day period preceding
the Inspector General is removed or
transferred under paragraph (2)(A) unless the
covered official-
'(i) has made a determination that the
continued presence of the Inspector General

===== PAGE 161 =====
{"alpha_words": 1368, "chars": 8899, "method": "ocr", "page": 161, "variant": "plain-vision"}
in the workplace poses a threat described in
6329b(b)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code;
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
an Inspector General to perform the func-
tions and duties of the Inspector General
temporarily in an acting capacity subject to
the time limitations of section 3346 of title 5,
"(ii) not later than the date on which the
both Houses of Congress (including to the ap-
propriate congressional committees) a writ-
ten communication that contains the infor-
mation required under subparagraph (B), in-
cluding the report required under clause (ii)
of that subparagraph.
"(i) during the 365-day period preceding the
date of death,
inability to serve of the Inspector General,
the officer or employee served in a position
in an Office of an Inspector General for not
less than 90 days, except that-
the requirement under this
shall not apply if the officer is an Inspector
construed to limit or otherwise modify-
any statutory protection that is af-
forded to an Inspector General; or
"(ii) any other action that a covered offi-
cial may take under law with respect to an
'(II) for the purposes of this subparagraph,
performing the functions and duties of an In-
spector General temporarily in an acting ca-
pacity does not qualify as service in a posi-
tion in an Office of an Inspector General;
'(ii) the rate of pay for the position of the
officer or employee described in clause (1) is
equal to or greater than the minimum rate
of pay payable for a position at GS-15 of the
employee has dem-
onstrated ability in accounting, auditing, fi-
nancial analysis, law, management analysis,
"(iv) not later than 30 days before the date
President communicates in writing to both
Houses of Congress (including to the appro-
priate congressional committees) the sub-
and case-specific reasons, for such direction
the reason for the direction that
someone other than the individual who
performing the functions and duties of the
Inspector General temporarily in an acting
capacity (as of the date on which the Presi-
functions and duties temporarily in an act-
November 4, 2021
'(A) the first assistant to the position of
'(B) the individual performing those func-
tions and duties temporarily in an acting ca-
pacity, as of the date on which the President
issues that direction, if that individual is an
individual other than the first assistant to
the position of Inspector General."
amendment made by subsection (a) may be
construed to limit the applicability of sec-
tions 3345 through 3349d of title 5, United
States Code (commonly known as the 'Fed-
eral Vacancies
Reform Act of 1998''), other
than with respect to section 3345(a) of that
this subsection,
"Inspector General" has the meaning
given the term in subsection (h)(1)(B) of sec-
tion 3 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5
U.S.C. App.), as added by subsection (a) of
MENT.—Section 12(3) of the Inspector General
Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by in-
"except as otherwise expressly pro-
SEC. 5113. VACANCY IN POSITION OF INSPECTOR
(a) IN GENERAL.
-Section 3 of the Inspector
General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amend-
ed by adding at the end the following:
'(h)(1) In this subsection-
"(A) the term 'first assistant to the posi-
tion of Inspector General' means,
spect to an Office of Inspector General—
'(i) an individual who, as of the day before
the date on which the Inspector General dies,
resigns, or otherwise becomes unable to per-
form the functions and duties of that posi-
"(I) is serving in a position in that Office;
"(II) has been designated in writing by the
Inspector General, through an order of suc-
cession or otherwise, as the first assistant to
the position of Inspector General; or
"(ii) if the Inspector General has not made
a designation described in clause (i)(II)-
eral of that Office, as of the day before the
date on which the Inspector General dies, re-
signs, or otherwise becomes unable to per-
the functions and duties of that posi-
'(II) if there is no Principal Deputy Inspec-
tor General of that Office, the Deputy In-
spector General of that Office, as of the day
before the date on which the Inspector Gen-
eral dies, resigns, or otherwise becomes un-
able to perform the functions and duties of
"(B) the term 'Inspector General'
'(i) means an Inspector General who is ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate; and
'(ii) includes the Inspector General of an
establishment, the Inspector General of the
Intelligence Community, the Inspector Gen-
eral of the Central Intelligence Agency, the
Special Inspector General for the Troubled
Asset Relief Program, and the Special In-
spector General for Pandemic Recovery.
Inspector General dies,
or is otherwise unable to perform the func-
tions and duties of the position-
'(A) section 3345(a) of title 5, United States
Code, and section 103(e) of the National Secu-
rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3025(e)) shall not
"(B) subject to paragraph (4), the first as-
sistant to the position of Inspector General
shall perform the functions and duties of the
Inspector General temporarily in an acting
the time limitations of
section 3346 of title 5, United States Code;
notwithstanding
to paragraphs (4)
President (and only the President) may di-
rect an officer or employee of any Office of
title 5, United States Code, section 103(e) of
the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C.
subparagraphs (B) and (C) of
paragraph (2), and subject to paragraph (4),
during any period in which an Inspector Gen-
"(A) the first assistant to the position of
Inspector General shall perform the func-
tions and duties of the position temporarily
in an acting capacity
subject to the time
limitations of section 3346 of title 5, United
"(B) if the first assistant described in sub-
paragraph (A) dies, resigns, or becomes oth-
erwise unable to perform those functions and
duties, the President (and only the Presi-
dent) may direct an officer or employee in
that Office of Inspector General to perform
those functions and duties temporarily in an
acting capacity, subject to the time limita-
tions of section 3346 of title 5, United States
"(i) that direction satisfies
clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv) of
"(ii) that officer or employee served in a
position in that Office of Inspector General
for not fewer than 90 of the 365 days
makes that direction.
"(4) An individual may perform the func-
tions and duties of an Inspector General tem-
porarily and in an acting capacity under sub-
(B) or (C) of paragraph (2), or
under paragraph (3), with respect to only 1
General position at
'(5) If the President makes a direction
under paragraph (2)(C), during the 30-day pe-
riod preceding the date on which the direc-
tion of the President takes effect, the func-
tions and duties of the position of the appli-
cable Inspector General shall be performed
(A) IN GENERAL.-Except
as provided in
amendments made by this section, shall take
effect on the date of enactment of this Act.
(B) EXISTING VACANCIES.—If, as of the date
of enactment of this Act, an individual is
performing the functions and duties of an In-
spector General temporarily in an acting ca-
and the amendments
made by this section, shall take effect with
respect to that Inspector General position on
the date that is 30 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act.
WHISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINTS.
(a) WHISTLEBLOWER
PROTECTION COORDI-
NATOR.—Section 3(d)(1)(C) of the Inspector
General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amend-
(1) in clause (i), in the matter preceding
subclause (I), by inserting , including em-
ployees of that Office of Inspector General'
(2) in clause (iii), by inserting "(including
the Integrity Committee of that Council)"
(b) COUNCIL OF THE INSPECTORS GENERAL ON
11(c)(5)(B) of the Inspector
1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by striking ",
allegations of reprisal,"
and inserting
"and allegations of reprisal (in-
cluding the timely and appropriate handling
and consideration of protected disclosures
and allegations of reprisal that are internal
to an Office of Inspector General)".
TITLE LII-PRESIDENTIAL EXPLANATION
OF FAILURE TO NOMINATE AN INSPEC-
SEC. 5121. PRESIDENTIAL EXPLANATION OF FAIL-
URE TO NOMINATE AN INSPECTOR
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter III of chapter
33 of title 5, United States Code, is amended
"§ 3349e. Presidential explanation of failure
to nominate an inspector general
"If the President fails to make a formal
nomination for a vacant inspector general
position that requires a formal nomination
by the President to be filled within the pe-
riod beginning on the later of the date on
which the vacancy occurred or on which a
turned, and ending on the day that is 210
the President shall
communicate, within 30 days after the end of
such period and not later than June 1 of each
year thereafter, to the appropriate congres-
sional committees, as defined in section 12 of
the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C.

===== PAGE 162 =====
{"alpha_words": 1171, "chars": 8187, "method": "ocr", "page": 162, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
"(1) the reasons why the President has not
yet made a formal nomination; and
"(2) a target date for making a formal
III of chapter 33 of title 5,
United States
Code, is amended by inserting after the item
relating to section 3349d the following:
'3349e. Presidential explanation of failure to
made by subsection (a) shall take effect
(1) on the date of enactment of this Act
with respect to any vacancy first occurring
(2) on the day that is 210 days after the
date of enactment of this Act with respect to
any vacancy that occurred before the date of
THE COUNCIL OF INSPECTORS
ERAL ON INTEGRITY AND EFFICIENCY
This title may be cited as the 'Integrity
Committee Transparency Act of 2021".
SEC. 5132. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION TO BE IN-
Section 11(d) of the Inspector General Act
of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended-
(1) in paragraph (5)(B)(ii), by striking the
period at the end and inserting ", the length
of time the Integrity Committee has been
evaluating the allegation of wrongdoing, and
a description of any previous written notice
provided under this clause with respect to
the allegation of wrongdoing,
description provided for why additional time
"disciplinary ac-
SEC. 5133. AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION TO
Section 11(d)(5)(B) of the Inspector General
Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by add-
ing at the end the following:
'(iii) AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION TO CON-
GRESS ON CERTAIN ALLEGATIONS OF WRONG-
DOING CLOSED WITHOUT REFERRAL.—
'(I) IN GENERAL.—With respect to an alle-
gation of wrongdoing made by a member of
Congress that is closed by the Integrity
Committee without referral to
person of the Integrity Committee to ini-
an investigation,
Integrity Committee shall, not later
wrongdoing, provide a written description of
the nature of the allegation of wrongdoing
and how the Integrity Committee evaluated
the allegation of wrongdoing to-
Member of the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
President a report on the activities of the In-
tegrity Committee during the immediately
preceding 6-month periods ending March
and September 30, which shall include the
wrongdoing that are made against Inspectors
General and staff members of the various Of-
fices of Inspector General described in para-
'(A) An overview and analysis of the alle-
gations of wrongdoing disposed of by the In-
tegrity Committee, including-
'(i) analysis of the positions held by indi-
viduals against whom allegations were made,
including the duties affiliated with such po-
"(ii) analysis of the categories or types of
the allegations of wrongdoing; and
"(iii) a summary of disposition of all the
"(B) The number of allegations received by
the Integrity Committee.
'(C) The number of allegations referred to
the Department of Justice or the
Special Counsel, including the number of al-
legations referred for criminal investigation.
'(D) The number of allegations referred to
the Chairperson of the Integrity Committee
the status of such investigations, and a sum-
mary of the findings of investigations com-
'(E) An overview and analysis of allega-
tions of wrongdoing received by the Integ-
rity Committee during any previous report-
some part of the six months covered by the
report, including
"(i) analysis of the positions held by indi-
viduals against whom allegations were made,
including the duties affiliated with such po-
"(ii) analysis of the categories or types of
the allegations of wrongdoing; and
"(iii) a summary of disposition of all the
"(F) The number and category or type of
"(G) For each allegation received-
'(i) the date on which the investigation
"(ii) the date on which the allegation was
disposed of, as applicable; and
'(iii) the case number associated with the
'(H) The nature and number of allegations
to the Integrity Committee closed without
referral, including the justification for why
each allegation was closed without referral.
brief description of any difficulty
encountered by the Integrity Committee
when receiving, evaluating, investigating, or
referring for investigation an allegation re-
the Integrity Committee, includ-
ing a brief description of-
"(i) any attempt to prevent or hinder an
investigation; or
'(ii) concerns about the integrity or oper-
ations at an Office of Inspector General.
S7969
programs and operations of an Office of In-
spector General for which the Integrity Com-
mittee may receive, review, and refer for in-
vestigation allegations of wrongdoing under
section 11(d), submit a report to the Inspec-
tor General who leads the Office at which the
serious or flagrant problems, abuses, or defi-
THE ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 7 days
after the date on which an Inspector General
receives a report submitted under paragraph
(1), the Inspector General shall submit to the
committees, and the head of the establish-
'(A) the report received under paragraph
'(B) a report by the Inspector General con-
taining any comments the Inspector General
determines appropriate.".
SEC. 5136. REQUIREMENT TO REPORT FINAL DIS-
Section 11(d)(8)(B) of the Inspector General
Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by in-
"and the appropriate congressional
committees' after 'Integrity Committee'.
SEC. 5137. INVESTIGATIONS OF OFFICES OF IN-
SPECTORS GENERAL OF ESTABLISH-
Member of the Committee on Oversight and
Reform of the House of Representatives.
SEC. 5135. ADDITIONAL REPORTS.
Section 5 of the Inspector General Act of
1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended—
(1) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f)
as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; and
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
shall forward any written description or up-
date provided under this clause to the mem-
bers of the Integrity Committee and to the
Chairperson of the Council."
SEC. 5134. SEMIANNUAL REPORT.
Section 11(d)(9) of the Inspector General
Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended to read
SEMIANNUAL REPORT.—On
May 31, 2022, and every 6 months thereafter,
the Council shall submit to Congress and the
'(1) REPORT TO INSPECTOR GENERAL.—The
Chairperson of the Integrity Committee of
the Council of the Inspectors General on In-
whenever the Chairperson of the Integrity
Committee becomes aware of particularly se-
rious or flagrant problems, abuses, or defi-
ciencies relating to the administration of
11(d)(7)(B)(i)(V) of the Inspector
General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amend-
", and that an investigation
of an Office of Inspector General of an estab-
lishment is conducted by another
Inspector General of an establishment" after
TITLE LIV-TESTIMONIAL SUBPOENA
AUTHORITY FOR INSPECTORS GENERAL
This title may be cited as the 'IG Testi-
monial Subpoena Authority Act"
SEC. 5142. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY PROVISIONS
FOR INSPECTORS GENERAL.
The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C.
App.) is amended-
(1) by inserting after section 6 the fol-
"SEC. 6A. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY.
'(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section-
Chairperson of the Council of the Inspectors
General on Integrity and Efficiency;
'(2) the term 'Inspector General'
'(A) means an Inspector General of an es-
tablishment or a designated Federal entity
(as defined in section 8G(a)); and
'(i) the Inspector General of the Central
Intelligence Agency established
tion 17 of the Central Intelligence Agency
Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517);
"(ii) the Inspector General of the Intel-
tion 103H of the National Security Act of 1947
(50 U.S.C. 3033);
"(iii) the Special Inspector General for Af-
ghanistan Reconstruction established under
section 1229 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law
'(iv) the Special Inspector General for the
Troubled Asset Relief Plan established under
section 121 of the Emergency Economic Sta-
bilization Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5231); and
'(v) the Special Inspector General for Pan-
demic Recovery established under section
4018 of the CARES Act (15 U.S.C. 9053); and
'(3) the term 'Subpoena Panel' means the
panel to which requests for approval to issue
a subpoena are submitted under subsection
'(b) TESTIMONIAL SUBPOENA AUTHORITY.—
'(1) IN GENERAL.—In addition to the
thority otherwise provided by this Act and
in accordance with the requirements of this

===== PAGE 163 =====
{"alpha_words": 1284, "chars": 8736, "method": "ocr", "page": 163, "variant": "plain-vision"}
section, each Inspector General, in carrying
out the provisions of this Act or the provi-
of the authorizing
statute of the In-
spector General, as applicable, is authorized
to require by subpoena the attendance and
of witnesses as necessary in the
performance of an audit, inspection, evalua-
tion, or investigation, which
the case of contumacy or refusal to obey,
shall be enforceable by order of any appro-
priate United States district court.
may not require by subpoena the attendance
and testimony of a Federal employee or em-
ployee of a designated Federal entity,
may use other authorized procedures.
ERAL.—The determination of whether a mat-
ter constitutes an audit, inspection, evalua-
tion, or investigation shall be at the discre-
tion of the applicable Inspector General.
'(C) LIMITATION ON DELEGATION.—The au-
thority to issue a subpoena under subsection
(b) may only be delegated to an official per-
forming the functions and duties of an In-
spector General when the Inspector General
position is vacant or
the Inspector
General is unable to perform the functions
and duties of the Office of the Inspector Gen-
"(d) NOTICE TO ATTORNEY GENERAL.-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
from the Chairperson or a designee of the
Chairperson regarding selection for the Sub-
poena Panel, the Chairperson or a designee
of the Chairperson may randomly draw a
new inspector general from the pool to serve
'(C) CONTENTS OF
REQUEST.—The request
described in subparagraph (A) shall include
any information provided by the Attorney
General related to the subpoena, which the
'(D) PROTECTION FROM DISCLOSURE.
"(i) IN GENERAL.—The
tained in a request submitted by an Inspec-
tor General under subparagraph (A) and the
identification of a witness shall be protected
from disclosure to the extent permitted by
November 4, 2021
provided information regarding the subpoena
issuance of the
'(C) the members of the Subpoena Panel
date on which the subpoena re-
quest was sent to the Subpoena Panel, the
date on which the Subpoena Panel approved
or disapproved the subpoena request, and the
decision of the Subpoena Panel; and
'(E) the date on which the subpoena was
'(4) any other information the Council of
the Inspectors General on Integrity and Effi-
ciency considers appropriate to include.
'(g) TRAINING AND STANDARDS.—The
cil of the Inspectors General on Integrity
and Efficiency, in consultation with the At-
torney General, shall promulgate standards
and provide training relating to the issuance
of subpoenas, conflicts of interest,
other matter the Council determines nec-
essary to carry out this section.
section shall not affect the exercise of au-
an Inspector General
monial subpoena authority established under
TERMINATION.—The authorities pro-
vided under subsection (b) shall terminate on
January 1, 2027, provided that this subsection
shall not affect the enforceability of a sub-
issue a subpoena to the
Subpoena Panel
under subsection (e), an Inspector General
notify the Attorney General of the
plan of the Inspector General to issue the
'(B) take into consideration any informa-
tion provided by the Attorney General relat-
RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing
this subsection may be construed to prevent
an Inspector General from submitting to the
Subpoena Panel under subsection (e) a re-
quest for approval to issue a subpoena if 10
or more days have elapsed since the date on
which the Inspector General submits to the
under paragraph (1)(A) with respect to that
'(e) PANEL REVIEW BEFORE ISSUANCE.—
"(A) REQUEST FOR APPROVAL BY SUBPOENA
PANEL.—Before the issuance of a subpoena
described in subsection (b), an Inspector Gen-
eral shall submit to a panel a request for ap-
proval to issue the subpoena, which shall in-
clude a determination by the Inspector Gen-
'(i) the testimony is likely to be reason-
ably relevant to the audit, inspection, eval-
uation, or investigation for which the sub-
'(ii) the information to be sought cannot
be reasonably obtained through other means.
'(B) COMPOSITION OF SUBPOENA PANEL.—
and (iii), a Subpoena Panel shall be
prised of 3 inspectors general appointed by
the President and confirmed by the Senate,
who shall be randomly drawn by the Chair-
person or a designee of the Chairperson from
a pool of all such inspectors general.
'(ii) CLASSIFIED INFORMATION.—If consider-
ation of a request for a subpoena submitted
under subparagraph (A) would require access
to classified information, the Chairperson or
a designee of the Chairperson may limit the
pool of inspectors general described in clause
(i) to appropriately cleared inspectors gen-
'(iii) CONFIRMATION OF AVAILABILITY.—If an
inspector general drawn from
scribed in clause (i) does not confirm their
availability to serve on the Subpoena Panel
within 24 hours of receiving a notification
quest for disclosure of the information de-
scribed in clause (i) shall be submitted to the
Inspector General requesting the subpoena.
"(2) TIME TO RESPOND.
'(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in
subparagraph (B), the Subpoena Panel shall
approve or deny a request for approval to
issue a subpoena submitted under paragraph
(1) not later than 10 days after the submis-
'(B) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR PANEL.
If the Subpoena Panel determines that addi-
tional information is necessary to approve or
deny a request for approval to issue a sub-
paragraph (1), the Subpoena Panel
"(i) request that information; and
proval submitted by the Inspector General
20 days after the Subpoena
Panel submits the request for information
under clause (i).
'(3) APPROVAL BY PANEL.—If all members
of the Subpoena Panel unanimously approve
a request for approval to issue a subpoena
submitted by an Inspector
General under
paragraph (1), the Inspector General may
'(4) NOTICE TO COUNCIL AND ATTORNEY GEN-
ERAL.—Upon issuance of a subpoena by an In-
spector General under subsection (b), the In-
neous notice of such issuance to the Chair-
person or a designee of the Chairperson and
'(f) SEMIANNUAL REPORTING.—On or before
May 31, 2022, and every 6 months thereafter,
the Council of the Inspectors General on In-
tegrity and Efficiency shall submit to the
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs of the Senate,
mittee on Oversight and Reform of the House
of Representatives, and the Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States a report on the use
described in subsection (b) in
audit, inspection, evaluation, or inves-
tigation that concluded during the
March 31 and September 30, which shall in-
'(1) a list of each Inspector General that
has submitted a request for approval of a
subpoena to the Subpoena Panel;
'(2) for each applicable Inspector General,
the number of subpoenas submitted to the
Subpoena Panel, approved by the Subpoena
and disapproved
by the Subpoena
for each subpoena submitted to the
Subpoena Panel for approval
'(A) an anonymized description of the indi-
vidual or organization to whom the subpoena
the date on which the subpoena re-
quest was sent to the Attorney General, the
which the Attorney General
sponded, and whether the Attorney General
(2) in section 5(a), as amended by section
(A) in paragraph (16)(B), as so redesignated,
by striking the period at the end and insert-
ing ", and', and
(B) by adding at the end the following:
'(17) a description of the use of subpoenas
for the attendance and testimony of certain
witnesses authorized under section 6A."; and
(3) in section 8G(g)(1), by inserting "6A,"
SEC. 5143. REVIEW BY THE COMPTROLLER GEN-
Not later than January 1, 2026, the Comp-
troller General of the United States shall
committees a report reviewing the use of tes-
timonial subpoena authority, which shall in-
(1) a summary of the information included
in the semiannual reports to Congress under
section 6A(f) of the Inspector General Act of
1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as added by this title, in-
analysis of any patterns and
trends identified in the use of the authority
during the reporting period;
(2) a review of subpoenas issued by inspec-
tors general on and after the date of enact-
with this Act by the respective inspector
general, the Subpoena Panel, and the Coun-
of the Inspectors General on Integrity
(3) any additional analysis, evaluation, or
recommendation based on observations or in-
formation gathered by the Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States during the course
TITLE LV-INVESTIGATIONS OF
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE PERSONNEL
This title may be cited as the 'Inspector
General Access Act of 2021'
SEC. 5152. INVESTIGATIONS OF DEPARTMENT OF
Section 8E of the Inspector General Act of
1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended—
(A) in paragraph (2), by striking "and para-
(B) by striking paragraph (3);
(C) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5)
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and

===== PAGE 164 =====
{"alpha_words": 1147, "chars": 8069, "method": "ocr", "page": 164, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
"paragraph (3)"; and
(2) in subsection (d), by striking
with respect to allegations described in sub-
section (b)(3),".
TITLE LVI-NOTICE OF ONGOING INVES-
TIGATIONS WHEN THERE IS A CHANGE
IN STATUS OF INSPECTOR GENERAL
SEC. 5161. NOTICE OF ONGOING INVESTIGATIONS
WHEN THERE IS A CHANGE IN STA-
TUS OF INSPECTOR GENERAL.
Section 5 of the Inspector General Act of
1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by inserting
after subsection (e), as added by section 5135
of this division, the following:
'(f) Not later than 15 days after an Inspec-
tor General is removed, placed on paid or un-
other position or location within an estab-
lishment, the officer or employee performing
the functions and duties of the Inspector
General temporarily in an acting capacity
shall submit to the Committee on Homeland
Security and Governmental Affairs of the
Senate and the Committee on Oversight and
Reform of the House of Representatives in-
formation regarding work being conducted
by the Office as of the date on which the In-
spector General was removed, placed on paid
or unpaid non-duty status, or transferred,
which shall include-
'(1) for each investigation—
'(A) the type of alleged offense;
"(B) the fiscal quarter in which the Office
initiated the investigation;
'(C) the relevant Federal agency,
ing the relevant component of that Federal
agency for any Federal agency listed in sec-
tion 901(b) of title 31,
United States Code,
under investigation or affiliated with the in-
dividual or entity under investigation; and
'(D) whether the investigation is adminis-
trative, civil, criminal, or a combination
"(2) for any work not described
"(A) a description of the subject matter
"(B) the relevant agency, including the rel-
component of that Federal
'(C) the date on which the Office initiated
'(D) the expected time frame for comple-
TITLE LVII-COUNCIL OF THE INSPEC-
TORS GENERAL ON INTEGRITY AND EF-
FICIENCY REPORT ON EXPENDITURES
SEC. 5171. CIGIE REPORT ON EXPENDITURES.
Section 11(c)(3) of the Inspector General
Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by add-
ing at the end the following:
'(D) REPORT ON EXPENDITURES.—Not later
than November 30 of each year,
person shall submit to the appropriate com-
mittees or subcommittees of Congress, in-
cluding the Committee on Appropriations of
the Senate and the Committee on Appropria-
tions of the House of Representatives, a re-
port on the expenditures of the Council for
the preceding fiscal year, including from di-
rect appropriations to
funding pursuant
(A), a revolving fund pursuant to subpara-
graph (B), or any other source.".
TITLE LVIII-NOTICE OF REFUSAL TO
PROVIDE INSPECTORS GENERAL ACCESS
SEC. 5181. NOTICE OF REFUSAL TO PROVIDE IN-
FORMATION OR ASSISTANCE TO IN-
Section 6(c) of the Inspector General Act of
1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by adding at
the end the following:
'(3) If the information or assistance that is
the subject of a report under paragraph (2) is
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
not provided to the Inspector General by the the Congress"
date that is 30 days after the report is made,
the Inspector General shall submit a notice
that the information or assistance requested
has not been provided by the head of the es-
tablishment involved or the head of the Fed-
eral agency involved,
as applicable, to the
appropriate congressional committees."
TITLE LIX-TRAINING RESOURCES FOR
INSPECTORS GENERAL
SEC. 5191. TRAINING RESOURCES FOR INSPEC-
11(C)(1) of the Inspector General
Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended-
redesignating subparagraphs
through (I) as subparagraphs (F) through (J),
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the
'(E) support the professional development
of Inspectors General, including by providing
training opportunities on the duties, respon-
sibilities, and authorities under this Act and
on topics relevant to Inspectors General and
the work of Inspectors General, as identified
by Inspectors General and the Council.".
SEC. 5192. DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE CON-
The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C.
(1) in section 5-
(A) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking
tees or subcommittees of the Congress' and
inserting "congressional committees"; and
(B) in subsection (d), by striking
tees or subcommittees of Congress" and in-
serting 'congressional committees';
(2) in section 6(h) (4)-
(A) in subparagraph (B), by striking 'Gov-
(B) by amending subparagraph (C) to read
Committee on Finance of the Senate and the
Committee on Ways and Means of the House
(i) in paragraph (1)-
(I) by striking "committees or subcommit-
tees of the Congress" and inserting "congres-
sional committees'; and
and the Committees on Government Reform
and Oversight and Ways and Means of the
"Committee on Finance of the Senate and
the Committee on Ways and Means of the
House of Representatives"; and
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking "commit-
tees or subcommittees of Congress"
serting "congressional committees";
(A) in subsection (a)(3), by striking "Com-
mittees on Governmental Affairs and Judici-
ary of the Senate and the Committees on
Government Operations and Judiciary of the
House of Representatives, and to other ap-
propriate committees or subcommittees of
and the Committee on the Judiciary of the
House of Representatives"; and
(i) by striking 'committees or subcommit-
tees of the Congress" and inserting "congres-
(ii) by striking 'Committees on the Judici-
ary and Governmental Affairs of the Senate
Government Operations of the House of Rep-
resentatives" and inserting "Committee on
the Judiciary of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-
resentatives';
(A) in subsection (d)(2)(E),
preceding clause (i), by inserting "the appro-
priate congressional committees, including"
(i) in paragraph (3), by striking "the Com-
mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Government Reform and Oversight
of the House of Representatives and to other
appropriate committees or subcommittees of
the Congress' and inserting "the appropriate
Committee on Armed Services of the Senate
and the Committee on Armed Services of the
House of Representatives"; and
(ii) in paragraph (4), by striking "and to
other appropriate committees or subcommit-
subparagraph (A)(iii), by
'Committee on Governmental Affairs of the
Senate and the Committee on Government
Reform and Oversight of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and to other appropriate com-
mittees or subcommittees of the Congress"
"the appropriate congressional
committees"; and
(11) by striking subparagraph (C);
(A) in subsection (a)(3), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking
mittees and subcommittees of Congress" and
"congressional committees'; and
(B) in subsection (d), by striking "commit-
tees and subcommittees of Congress"
place it appears and inserting "congressional
(8) in section 8N(b), by striking "commit-
tees of Congress"
and inserting
(i) in paragraph (1), by striking 'the Com-
mittees on Armed Services and on Homeland
Senate and the Committees on Armed Serv-
ices and on Oversight and Government Re-
form of the House of Representatives and to
other appropriate committees or subcommit-
tees of Congress"
priate congressional committees, including
Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices of the House of Representatives'; and
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking "commit-
tees or subcommittees of the Congress" and
inserting "congressional committees";
(4) in section 8D
(A) in subsection (a)(3), by striking 'Com-
nance of the Senate and the Committees on
Government Operations and Ways and Means
of the House of Representatives, and to other
appropriate committees or subcommittees of
(A) in subsection (b)(3)(B)(viii)—
(i) by striking subclauses (III) and (IV);
(ii) in subclause (I), by adding "and" at the
(iii) by amending subclause (II) to read as
"(II) the appropriate congressional com-
(B) in subsection (d)(8)(A)(iii), by striking
"to the" and all that follows through "juris-
diction" and inserting
congressional committees"; and
(10) in section 12-
(A) in paragraph (4), by striking "and"

===== PAGE 165 =====
{"alpha_words": 1278, "chars": 8973, "method": "ocr", "page": 165, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7972
(B) in paragraph (5), by striking the period
at the end and inserting '; and"; and
(C) by adding at the end the following:
"(6) the term 'appropriate congressional
committees' means-
'(A) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate;
'(B) the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives; and
'(C) any other relevant congressional com-
mittee or subcommittee of jurisdiction."
SEC. 5193. SEMIANNUAL REPORTS.
The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C.
App.) is amended-
(1) in section 4(a)(2)-
(A) by inserting
including"' after "to
make recommendations'; and
(B) by inserting
a comma after "section
5(a)";
(2) in section 5-
(A) in subsection (a)-
(i) by striking paragraphs (1) through (12)
and inserting the following:
'(1) a description of significant problems,
abuses, and deficiencies relating to the ad-
ministration of programs and operations of
the establishment and associated reports and
recommendations for corrective action made
'(2) an identification of each recommenda-
which corrective action has not been com-
pleted, including the potential costs savings
associated with the recommendation;
"(3) a summary
tions closed during the reporting period;
'(4) an identification of the total number
of convictions during the reporting period re-
sulting from investigations;
"(5) information regarding each audit, in-
spection, or evaluation report issued during
the reporting period, including
"(A) a listing of each audit, inspection, or
evaluation;
"(B) if applicable, the total dollar value of
questioned costs (including a separate cat-
egory for the
dollar value of unsupported
costs) and the dollar value of recommenda-
tions that funds be put to better use, includ-
ing whether a management decision had been
made by the end of the reporting period;
"(6)
information regarding any
ment decision made during the reporting pe-
riod with respect to any audit, inspection, or
evaluation issued during a previous report-
through (22) as paragraphs (7) through (16),
(iii) by amending paragraph (13), as so re-
designated, to read as follows:
'(13) a report on each investigation con-
ducted by the Office where allegations of
the name of the senior Government em-
if already made public by the Office,
and a detailed description of-
'(A) the facts and circumstances of the in-
'(B) the status and disposition of the mat-
'(i) if the matter was referred to the De-
partment of Justice, the date of the referral;
"(ii) if the Department of Justice declined
the referral, the date of the declination;";
(iv) in paragraph (15), as so redesignated,
by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and in-
'(A) any attempt by the establishment to
interfere with the independence of the Office,
(i) with budget constraints designed to
limit the capabilities of the Office; and
'(ii) incidents where the establishment has
resisted or objected to oversight activities of
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
the Office or restricted or significantly de-
vide links to the relevant webpage or website
layed access to information, including the
in the report of the Office under subsection
justification of the establishment for such
(a) in lieu of including the information in
action; and
that report.".
''(B) a summary of each report made to the
head
of the
establishment
under
section
SEC. 5194. SUBMISSION OF REPORTS THAT SPE-
CIFICALLY IDENTIFY NON-GOVERN-
6(c)(2) during the reporting period;'; and
MENTAL ORGANIZATIONS OR BUSI-
(B) in subsection (b)—
NESS ENTITIES.
(i) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and
inserting the following:
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 5(g) of the Inspec-
'(2) where final action on audit, inspec-
tor General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as so
tion,
and
evaluation
reports
had not been
redesignated by section 5135 of this division,
taken before the commencement of the re-
is amended by adding at the end the fol-
porting period, statistical tables showing-
"(A) with respect to management deci-
lowing:
'(6)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph
sions
"(i) for each report, whether a manage-
(B), if an audit, evaluation, inspection,
or
ment decision was made during the reporting
other non-investigative report prepared by
period;
an Inspector General specifically identifies a
'(ii) if a management decision was made
specific non-governmental organization or
during the reporting period, the dollar value
business entity, whether or not the non-gov-
of disallowed costs and funds to be put to
ernmental organization or business entity is
better use as agreed to in the management
the subject of that audit, evaluation, inspec-
tion, or non-investigative report-
'(iii) total number of reports where a man-
"(i) the Inspector General shall notify the
non-governmental organization or business
porting period and the total corresponding
dollar value of disallowed costs and funds to
be put to better use as agreed to in the man-
"(B) with respect to final actions-
"(i) whether, if a management decision was
made before the end of the reporting period,
final action was taken during the reporting
"(ii) if final action was taken, the dollar
"(I) disallowed costs that were recovered
by management through collection, offset,
property in lieu of cash, or otherwise;
'(II) disallowed costs that were written off
by management;
"(III) disallowed costs and funds to be put
to better use not yet recovered or written off
by management;
"(IV) recommendations that were
•com-
pleted; and
"(V) recommendations that management
has
subsequently
concluded should not
or
could not be implemented or completed; and
'(iii) total number of reports where final
action was not taken and total number of re-
ports where final action was taken, including
the total corresponding dollar value of dis-
allowed costs and funds to be put to better
agreed to in the management deci-
(ii) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
(iil) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by
"subsection (a)(20)(A)"'
ing "subsection (a)(14)(A)"; and
(iv) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting
'(4) a statement explaining why final ac-
tion has not been taken with respect to each
and evaluation report in
which a management decision has been made
but final action has not yet been taken, ex-
"(A) may exclude reports if—
decision was made
within the preceding year; or
'(ii) the report is under formal administra-
tive or judicial appeal or management of the
establishment has agreed to pursue a legisla-
'(B) shall identify the number of reports in
each category so excluded.";
(C) by redesignating subsection (h), as so
redesignated by section 305, as subsection (i);
(D) by inserting after subsection (g), as so
redesignated by section 305, the following:
'(h) If an Office has published any portion
of the report or information required under
subsection (a) to the website of the Office or
on oversight.gov, the Office may elect to pro-
'(ii) the non-governmental organization or
'(I) 30 days to review the audit, evalua-
tion, inspection, or non-investigative report
beginning on the date of publication of the
audit, evaluation, inspection, or non-inves-
tigative report; and
'(II) the opportunity to submit a written
response for the purpose of clarifying or pro-
viding additional context as it directly re-
inspection, or non-investigative
report specifically identifies that non-gov-
ernmental organization or business entity;
"(iii) if a written response is submitted
under clause (ii)(II) within the 30-day period
described in clause (ii)(I)-
'(I) the written response shall be attached
to the audit, evaluation, inspection, or non-
investigative report; and
"(II) in
every instance where the report
may appear on the public-facing website of
the Inspector General, the website shall be
updated in order to access a version
of the
audit, evaluation, inspection,
or non-inves-
tigative report that includes the written re-
'(B) Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with
respect to a non-governmental organization
or business entity that refused to provide in-
formation or assistance sought by an Inspec-
tor General during the creation of the audit,
evaluation, inspection, or non-investigative
'(C) An Inspector General shall review any
graph (A) for the purpose of preventing the
improper disclosure of classified information
or other non-public information, consistent
with applicable laws, rules, and regulations,
and, if necessary, redact such information.".
RETROACTIVE APPLICABILITY.—During
the 30-day period beginning on the date of
(1) the amendment made by subsection (a)
shall apply upon the request of a non-govern-
named in an audit, evaluation, inspection, or
other non-investigative report prepared on
or after January 1, 2019; and
(2) any written response submitted under
clause (iii) of section 5(g)(6)(A)of the Inspec-
tor General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as
added by subsection (a), with respect to such
non-investigative report shall attach to the
original report in the manner described in

===== PAGE 166 =====
{"alpha_words": 1277, "chars": 8668, "method": "ocr", "page": 166, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
SEC. 5195. REVIEW RELATING TO VETTING, PROC-
AND THE AFGHANISTAN SPECIAL IM-
Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.),
the Inspector General of the Department of
Homeland Security, jointly with the Inspec-
tor General of the Department of State, and
in coordination with any appropriate inspec-
tor general, shall conduct a thorough review
to support and process
from Afghanistan and the Afghanistan spe-
cial immigrant visa program.
subsection (a) shall include an assessment of
the systems, staffing, policies, and programs
(1) to the screen and vet such evacuees, in-
conducting such screening and vetting were
authorized and provided with
training, including training in the detection
personal identification
(B) an analysis of the degree to which such
screening and vetting deviated from United
practices relating to the screening and vet-
ting of refugees and applicants
States visas that have been in use at any
(C) an identification of any risk to the na-
tional security of the United States posed by
any such deviations;
(D) an analysis of the processes used for
evacuees traveling without personal identi-
fication records, including the
provision of any new identification records
(E) an analysis of the degree to which such
screening and vetting process was capable of
(i) instances of human trafficking and do-
(1i) evacuees who are unaccompanied mi-
(iii) evacuees with a spouse that
(2) to admit and process such evacuees at
United States ports of entry;
(3) to temporarily house such evacuees
prior to resettlement;
(4) to account for the total number of indi-
vidual evacuated from Afghanistan
with support of the United States Govern-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(B) the number of such special immigrant
visa applications received, approved, and de-
nied, disaggregated by fiscal year;
(C) the number of such special immigrant
available under law, disaggregated by fiscal
(D) an assessment of the average length of
time taken to process an application for such
special immigrant visa, beginning on the
date of submission of the application and
disaggregated by fiscal year;
(E) an accounting of the number of applica-
special immigrant visas that
remained pending at the end of each fiscal
(F) an accounting of the number of inter-
grant visas conducted during
(G) the number of noncitizens who were ad-
mitted to the United States pursuant to such
a special immigrant visa during each fiscal
(H) an assessment of the extent to which
each participating department or agency of
the United States Government, including the
Department of State and the Department of
practices and procedures for such special im-
migrant visas so as to vet applicants and ex-
pand processing capacity since the February
29, 2020, Doha Agreement between the United
States and the Taliban;
(I) a list of specific steps, if any, taken be-
tween February 29, 2020, and August 31, 2021-
(i) to streamline the processing of applica-
tions for such special immigrant visas; and
hurdles while improving security protocols;
(J) a description of the degree to which the
ommendations made by the
State Office of Inspector General in its June
2020 reports on Review of the Afghan Special
Immigrant Visa Program (AUD-MERO-20-35)
and Management Assistance Report: Quar-
terly Reporting on Afghan Special
(C) VET; VETTING.—The term "vet" and
"vetting", with respect to an evacuee, means
the process by which a Federal official inter-
views the evacuee to determine whether the
evacuee is who they purport to be, including
whether the evacuee poses a national secu-
(d) DISCHARGE OF RESPONSIBILITIES.—The
Homeland Security and the Inspector Gen-
eral of the Department of State shall dis-
charge the responsibilities under this section
in a manner consistent with the authorities
and requirements of the Inspector
Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) and the authori-
ties and requirements applicable to the In-
spector General of the Department of Home-
land Security and the Inspector General of
the Department of State under that Act.
(D) eligibility for special immigrant visas
under the Afghan Allies Protection
2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note; Public
section 1059 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (8 U.S.C. 1101
note; Public Law 109-163) at the time of evac-
(E) eligibility for employment-based non-
immigrant visas at the time of evacuation;
(F) familial relationship to evacuees who
are eligible for visas described in subpara-
(5) to provide eligible individuals with spe-
cial immigrant visas under the Afghan Allies
Public Law 111-8) and section 1059 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal
Year 2006 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note; Public Law 109-
163) since the date of the enactment of the
Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C.
1101 note; Public Law 111-8), including-
detailed step-by-step description of
the application process for such special im-
migrant visas, including the number of days
allotted by the United States Government
for the completion of each step;
(K) an assessment of the extent to which
challenges in verifying applicants' employ-
ment with the Department of Defense con-
tributed to delays in the processing of such
special immigrant visas, and an accounting
of the specific steps taken since February 29,
to address issues surrounding employ-
(L) recommendations to strengthen and
streamline such special immigrant visa proc-
(C) INTERIM REPORTING.
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act.
the Inspector General of the Department of
Homeland Security
and the Inspector Gen-
eral of the Department of State shall submit
to the appropriate congressional committees
not fewer than one interim report on the re-
view conducted under this section.
(2) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection:
(A) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
TEES.—The term "appropriate congressional
committees' has the meaning
term in section 12 of the Inspector General
Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as amended by
"screen" and "screening"
evacuee, mean the process by which a Fed-
eral official determines-
(i) the identity of the evacuee;
(ii) whether the evacuee has a valid identi-
fication documentation; and
whether any database of the United
States Government contains derogatory in-
formation about the evacuee.
ance under subsection (a), the head of any
Federal agency involved shall, insofar as is
practicable and not in contravention of any
existing statutory restriction or regulation
of the Federal agency from which the infor-
mation is requested, furnish to such Inspec-
tor General, or to an authorized designee,
such information or assistance.
(f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this
section shall be construed to limit the abil-
ity of the Inspector General of the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security or the Inspector
General of the Department of State to enter
into agreements to conduct joint audits, in-
spections, or investigations in the exercise of
the oversight responsibilities of the Inspec-
tor General of the Department of Homeland
Security and the Inspector General of the
Department of State, in accordance with the
Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.),
with respect to oversight of the evacuation
from Afghanistan, the selection, vetting, and
processing of applicants for special
grant visas and asylum, and any resettle-
ment in the United States of such evacuees.
SA 4463. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the
SEC. 376. OVERSIGHT OF THE PROCUREMENT OF
EQUIPMENT BY STATE AND LOCAL
GOVERNMENTS THROUGH THE DE-
Section 281 of title 10, United States Code,
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
LIMITATIONS ON
Secretary shall require, as a condition of any
of equipment under this section,
that if the Department of Justice opens an
investigation into a State or unit of local
government under section 210401 of the Vio-
Control and Law Enforcement
Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12601), the Secretary
shall pause all pending or future purchases
by that State or unit of local government.
"(2) The Secretary shall prohibit the pur-
of equipment by
local government for a period of 5 years upon
equipment purchased under

===== PAGE 167 =====
{"alpha_words": 1177, "chars": 7825, "method": "ocr", "page": 167, "variant": "plain-vision"}
this section by the State or unit of local gov-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(2) INDIAN TRIBE.—The term "Indian Tribe"
tabe" in section 4 or the Indian Selt-Detar-
mination and Education Assistance Act (25
Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34
'(e) PUBLICLY ACCESSIBLE WEBSITE ON PUR-
CHASED EQUIPMENT.—(1) The Secretary,
coordination with the Administrator of Gen-
shall create and maintain a
publicly available internet website that pro-
searchable format information
the purchase of equipment under this section
and the recipients of such equipment.
paragraph (1) shall include all publicly acces-
sible unclassified information pertaining to
the purchase of equipment under this sec-
"(A) the catalog of equipment available for
purchase under subsection (c);
'(B) the recipient state or unit of local
'(C) the purpose of the purchase under sub-
'(E) the cost of the equipment;
'(F) the administrative costs under sub-
"(G) other information the Secretary de-
'(3) The Secretary shall update on a quar-
internet website required under paragraph
SA 4464. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself,
Mr. KAINE, Mr. SANDERS, Mr. MERKLEY,
Mr. WYDEN, Ms. RoseN,
Mr. PETERS,
and Mr. PADILLA) submitted an amend-
intended to be
proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title X, add the following:
Subtitle H—Use of Medical Marijuana by
SEC. 1071. SAFE HARBOR FOR USE BY VETERANS
SAFE HARBOR.—Notwithstanding
Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C.
seq.), the Controlled Substances Import and
Act (21 U.S.C. 951 et seq.), or any
other Federal law, it shall not be unlawful
(1) a veteran to use, possess, or transport
land if the use, possession, or transport is
authorized and in accordance with the law of
the applicable State or Indian Tribe;
(2) a physician to discuss with a veteran
the use of medical marijuana as a treatment
if the physician is in a State or on Indian
land where the law of the applicable State or
Indian Tribe authorizes the use, possession,
transport of medical mari-
recommend, complete
or register veterans for participa-
tion in a treatment program involving med-
ical marijuana that is approved by the law of
the applicable State or Indian Tribe.
(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) INDIAN LAND.—The term
means any of the Indian lands, as that term
is defined in
Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C.
physician appointed by
Veterans Affairs under
7401(1) of title 38, United States Code.
meaning given that term in section 102 of the
Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802).
"veteran" has the
meaning given that term in section 101 of
title 38, United States Code.
have force or effect on the date that is five
years after the date of the enactment of this
SEC. 1072. STUDIES ON USE OF MEDICAL MARI-
JUANA BY VETERANS.
(a) STUDY ON EFFECTS OF MEDICAL MARI-
JUANA ON VETERANS IN PAIN.
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than two years
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall con-
duct a study on the effects of medical mari-
(2) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after
the date on which the study required under
shall submit to Congress a report on
study, which shall include such recommenda-
tions for legislative or administrative action
as the Secretary considers appropriate.
(b) STUDY ON
VETERANS OF STATE
MEDICAL MARIJUANA PROGRAMS.—
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary shall conduct a study on the
relationship between treatment programs in-
volving medical marijuana that are approved
by States, the access of veterans to such pro-
grams, and a reduction in opioid use and
(2) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after
the date on which the study required under
paragraph (1) is completed,
study, which shall include such recommenda-
tions for legislative or administrative action
as the Secretary considers appropriate.
term "veteran" has the meaning given that
term in section 101 of title 38, United States
(d) USE OF AMOUNTS.—For fiscal years 2022
and 2023, of the amounts appropriated to the
Department of Veterans Affairs
subsection (a); and
(2) $5,000,000 shall be used to carry out sub-
SA 4465. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself,
Ms. HIRONO, and Mr. WYDEN) submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
activities of the Department
for military construction,
activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
• JAPANESE AMERICAN CONFINEMENT
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) JAPANESE AMERICAN MUSEUM.—The term
"Japanese American museum" means a mu-
November 4, 2021
seum located in the United States estab-
lished to promote the understanding and ap-
preciation of the ethnic and cultural diver-
sity of the United States by illustrating the
the history of the United States.
SECRETARY.—The
means the Secretary of the Interior.
(b) COMPETITIVE GRANTS
FOR JAPANESE
AMERICAN CONFINEMENT EDUCATION.-
lish a program to award competitive grants
to a Japanese American museum to educate
individuals in the United States on the his-
torical importance of Japanese
confinement during World
present and future generations may learn
the commitment of the United
equal justice under the law.
(2) USE OF FUNDS.—A grant awarded
(i) for the research and education relating
to the Japanese American confinement in
(ii) for the disbursement of accurate, rel-
evant, and accessible resources to promote
understanding about how and why the Japa-
nese American confinement in World War II
(I) shall include digital resources; and
(II) may include other types of resources,
(B) shall not be used at a Japanese Amer-
ican museum that does not provide
(i) free admission to individuals who were
placed within a Japanese American confine-
(ii) dedicated free admission hours for the
general public not less than once per month.
(3) APPLICATION.—To be eligible to receive
a grant under this subsection, a Japanese
American museum shall submit to the Sec-
retary an application at such time, in such
manner, and containing such information as
(4) DEADLINE FOR AWARD.—Not later than
120 days after the date on which the Sec-
retary receives an application from a Japa-
nese American museum for a grant that is
approved by the Secretary under this sub-
section, the Secretary shall award a grant to
the Japanese American museum.
(5) PRIORITY CONSIDERATIONS.
a grant under this subsection, the Secretary
shall give priority using the following con-
(A) The needs of the Japanese American
(B) The proximity of the project for which
the grant funds will be used to cities with
populations that include not less than 100,000
Japanese Americans, as certified by the most
(C) The ability and commitment of the
Japanese American museum
(i) to educate future generations of individ-
uals in the United States; and
(ii) to locate Japanese American confine-
(D) The existing relationship the Japanese
American museum has with Japanese Amer-
ican cultural and advocacy organizations.
(6) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after
the end of each fiscal year for which a Japa-
nese American museum obligates or expends
amounts made available under a grant under
this subsection, the Japanese American mu-
seum shall submit to the Secretary and the
appropriate committees of Congress a report
(A) specifies the amount of grant funds ob-
ligated or expended for the preceding fiscal

===== PAGE 168 =====
{"alpha_words": 1318, "chars": 8751, "method": "ocr", "page": 168, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
S7975
any purposes for which the the training courses or certifications re- fiscal year may not be obligated or expended
funds were obligated or expended; and
quired for use of transferred property;
to carry out this section
any other information that
"(11) with respect to a recipient that is a
retary submits to the
the Secretary may require to more effec-
local law enforcement agency,
tees of Congress a certification, for the pre-
tively administer the grant program.
has received the approval of the city council
or other local governing body to acquire the
There is authorized to be appropriated to the
property sought under this section; and
"(1) each recipient agency
ceived personal property under this section
"(12) with respect to a recipient that is a
$2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022 through
State law enforcement agency, the recipient
has received the approval of the appropriate
(C) PRESERVATION OF HISTORIC CONFINE-
state governing body to acquire the property
'(A) demonstrated full and complete ac-
countability for all such property, in accord-
ance with paragraph (2) or (3), as applicable;
sought under this section.";
(3) in subsection (e), by adding at the end
Section 1 of Public Law 109-
441 (120 Stat. 3288) is amended by striking
subsection (e).
4 of Public Law 109-441 (120 Stat.
3290) is amended, in the first sentence-
(A) by striking "are authorized" and in-
each fiscal year thereafter' after 'this Act"
SA 4466. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for
such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing:
• REFORM AND OVERSIGHT OF DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE TRANSFER OF
PERSONAL PROPERTY TO LAW EN-
FORCEMENT AGENCIES AND OTHER
United States Code, is amended-
(1) in subsection (a)-
(A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by
and inserting "the provisions of
this section'; and
(B) by adding at the end the following:
involved in humanitarian response or first
(A) in paragraph (5), by striking "and" at
(B) in paragraph (6), by striking the period
and inserting a semicolon; and
(C) by adding at the end the following new
"(7) the recipient, on an annual basis, cer-
tifies that if the recipient determines that
the property is surplus to the needs of the re-
cipient, the recipient will return the prop-
erty to the Department of Defense;
'(8) the recipient submits to the Depart-
ment of Defense a description of how the re-
cipient expects to use the property;
'(9) with respect to a recipient that is not
the Department of Defense that the recipient
notified the local community of the request
for property under this section by
"(A) publishing a notice of such request on
a publicly accessible internet website;
"(B) posting such notice at several promi-
nent locations in the jurisdiction of the re-
"(C) ensuring that such notices were avail-
able to the local community for a period of
'(10) with respect to a recipient that is not
a Federal agency,
the Department of Defense a description of
'(5) Grenades launchers.
'(7) Firearms of .50 caliber or higher and
ammunition of 0.5 caliber or higher.
"(8) Asphyxiating gases,
comprised of lachrymatory agents, and anal-
ogous liquids, materials or devices.
'(9) Items in the Federal Supply Class of
banned items.";
(4) by striking subsections (f) and (g) and
inserting the following:
LIMITATIONS ON
TRANSFERS.—(1) The
transfers
prohibited
under
subsection
(e)
shall also apply with respect to the transfer
of previously transferred property of the De-
partment of Defense from a Federal or State
agency to another such agency.
"(2)
The
Secretary
shall
require that
equipment transferred under
this section
shall be
returned
upon a finding
that
the
equipment has been used to conduct actions
against residents of the United States that
infringe upon the rights of the residents
under the First Amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States to assemble peace-
ably or to petition the Government for re-
"(3) The Secretary shall prohibit the trans-
fer of equipment to a Federal or State agen-
cy for a period of 5 years upon a finding that
equipment transferred under this section to
the Federal or State agency has been used to
conduct actions against United States resi-
dents that infringe upon the rights of the
residents under the First Amendment to the
Constitution of the United States to assem-
ble peaceably or to petition the Government
for redress of grievances.
CERTIFICATION ACCOUNTING
FOR TRANSFERRED PROPERTY.—(1) For each
fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit to
Congress certification in writing that each
Federal or State agency to which the Sec-
has transferred
personal property
"(A) has provided to the Secretary docu-
property, including arms and ammunition,
agency, including any item described in sub-
section (e) so transferred before the date of
the enactment of the National Defense
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022; and
'(B) with respect to a non-Federal agency,
carried out each of paragraphs (5) through (9)
"(2) If the Secretary cannot provide a cer-
tification under paragraph (1) for a Federal
or State agency,
transfer additional property to that agency
ERTY.—The Secretary shall submit to Con-
gress each year, before making any personal
for transfer under
section in that year, report setting forth a
description of the property to be transferred,
together with a certification that the trans-
fer of the property would not violate this
section or any other provision of law.
GRAM.—Notwithstanding any other provision
priated or otherwise made available for any
the program pursuant to paragraph (4);
'(2) with respect to each non-Federal agen-
cy that has received property under this sec-
State Coordinator responsible for
each such agency has verified that the State
Coordinator or an agent of the state Coordi-
nator has conducted an in-person inventory
of the property transferred to the agency and
that all such property was accounted for dur-
ing the inventory or that the agency has
been suspended or terminated from the pro-
gram pursuant to paragraph (4);
"(3) with respect to
each Federal agency
that has received property under this sec-
tion, the Secretary or an agent of the Sec-
retary has conducted an in-person inventory
of the property transferred to the agency and
that all such property was accounted for dur-
ing
the inventory
or
that
the
agency has
been suspended or terminated from the pro-
gram pursuant to paragraph (4);
'(4) the eligibility of any agency that has
received
property
under
this
section
for
which all of such property was not accounted
for during an inventory described in para-
graph (2) or (3), as applicable,
to receive
property transferred under this section has
been suspended or terminated;
"(5) each State Coordinator has certified,
for each non-Federal agency located in the
State for which the State Coordinator is re-
sponsible that-
"(A) the agency has complied with all re-
quirements under this section; or
'(B) the eligibility of the agency to receive
property transferred under this section has
been suspended or terminated; and
Federal agency that has received property
under this section that-
'(A) the agency has complied with all re-
quirements under this section; or
'(B) the eligibility of the agency to receive
property transferred under this section has
been suspended or terminated.
TRANSFERRABLE.—(1) In the event the Sec-
retary proposes to make available for trans-
fer under this section any personal property
of the Department of Defense not previously
made available for transfer under this sec-
tion, the Secretary shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress a report
'(A) A description of the property proposed
to be made available for transfer.
'(B) A description of the conditions, if any,
to be imposed on use of the property after
not violate a provision of
this section or any other provision of law.
'(2) The Secretary may not transfer any
property covered by a report under this sub-
section unless authorized by a law enacted
by Congress after the date of the receipt of
the report by Congress.
ANNUAL CERTIFICATION ACCOUNTING
retary shall submit to the appropriate com-
mittees of Congress each year a certification
in writing that each recipient to which the
Secretary has transferred personal property

===== PAGE 169 =====
{"alpha_words": 1296, "chars": 8988, "method": "ocr", "page": 169, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7976
under this section during the preceding fiscal
"(A) has provided to the Secretary docu-
mentation accounting for all property the
Secretary has previously transferred to such
recipient under this section; and
'(B) has complied with paragraphs (5) and
(6) of subsection (b) with respect to the prop-
erty so transferred during such fiscal year.
"(2) If the Secretary cannot provide a cer-
tification under paragraph (1) for a recipient,
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(O) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
'(1) The term 'appropriate committees of
Congress' means-
"(A) the Committee on Armed Services and
Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and
'(B) the Committee on Armed Services and
ment Reform of the House
'(2) The term 'agent of a State Coordi-
nator' means any individual to whom a State
Coordinator formally delegates responsibil-
ities for the duties of the State Coordinator
November 4, 2021
ment purchased with funds from the Federal
Government by law enforcement agencies to
tion, effective as of the date on which the
Secretary would otherwise make the certifi-
cation under this subsection, and such re-
from further receipt of property under this
QUARTERLY REPORTS ON USE OF CON-
TROLLED EQUIPMENT.—Not later than 30 days
after the last day of a fiscal quarter, the Sec-
retary shall submit to Congress a report on
any uses of controlled property transferred
under this section during that fiscal quarter.
than 30 days after the last day of a fiscal
year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress
a report on the following for the preceding
'(1) The percentage of equipment lost by
recipients of property transferred under this
section, including specific information about
value of such property, and the recipient
transfer of any new (condition
code A) property transferred under this sec-
specific information about
of property, the recipient of the
property, the monetary value of each item of
the property, and the total monetary value
of all such property transferred during the
"(n)
PUBLICLY ACCESSIBLE WEBSITE
ON
TRANSFERRED
CONTROLLED
PROPERTY.—(1)
The Secretary
shall create and maintain a
publicly available internet website that pro-
vides information on the controlled property
transferred under this section and the recipi-
ents of such property.
'(2) The contents of the internet website
required under paragraph (1) shall include all
publicly accessible unclassified information
pertaining to the request, transfer, denial,
and
repossession
of
controlled
property
under this section, including—
'(A) a current inventory of all controlled
property transferred to Federal and
State
agencies under this section, listed by-
"(i) the name of the Federal agency, or the
State, county, and recipient agency;
"(ii) the item name, item type, and item
model;
'(iii) the date on which such property was
transferred; and
'(iv) the current status of such item;
'(B) all pending requests for transfers of
controlled property
under
this
section,
in-
cluding the information submitted by
the
Federal and State agencies requesting such
transfers;
"(C) a list of each agency suspended or ter-
minated from further receipt of property
under this
section,
including any
State,
county, or local agency, and the reason for
and duration of such suspension or termi-
nation; and
'(D) all reports required to be submitted to
the Secretary under this section by Federal
and State agencies that receive
controlled
property under this section.
"(3) The Secretary shall update on a quar-
terly
basis
the
contents
of
the
internet
website
required
under
paragraph
(1),
on
which the contents of the Internet website
described in paragraph (2) shall be made pub-
licly available in a searchable format.
'(3) The term 'controlled property' means
any item assigned a demilitarization code of
C, D, E, G, or Q under Department of De-
Disposition Manual', or any successor docu-
"(4) The term 'State Coordinator', with re-
spect to a State, means the individual ap-
pointed by the
and oversee property use by the State.".
made by this subsection shall take effect on
the date of the enactment of this Act.
(C) INTERAGENCY LAW ENFORCEMENT EQUIP-
the Attorney General, and the Secretary of
MEMBERSHIP.—The Working Group
shall be comprised of-
(i) representatives of interested
who are not Federal employees,
appropriate State, local, and Tribal officials,
law enforcement organizations, civil rights
and civil liberties organizations, and aca-
(ii) the heads of such other agencies and of-
fices as the Co-Chairs may, from time to
time, designate.
(C) DESIGNATION.—A member of the Work-
ing Group described in subparagraph (A) or
in subparagraph (B)(ii) may designate a sen-
ior-level official from the agency represented
Working Group functions of the member, if
the designated official is a full-time officer
or employee of the Federal Government.
Co-Chairs, the Working Group may establish
subgroups consisting exclusively of Working
Group members or their designees under this
after the date of enactment of this Act, the
Secretary of Defense shall establish an inter-
agency Law Enforcement Equipment Work-
ing Group (referred to in this subsection as
the 'Working Group'') to support oversight
development functions for con-
trolled equipment programs.
(2) PURPOSE.—The Working Group shall-
and Prohibited Equipment Lists for possible
additions or deletions;
(B) track law
enforcement
agency con-
trolled equipment inventory;
(C)
ensure
Government-wide criteria to
evaluate requests for controlled equipment;
(D) ensure uniform standards for compli-
ance reviews;
(E) harmonize Federal programs to ensure
the
programs have consistent and trans-
parent policies with respect to the acquisi-
tion of controlled equipment by law enforce-
ment agencies;
(F) require after-action analysis reports for
significant
incidents
involving
Federally
provided
or
Federally funded
controlled
equipment;
(G) develop policies to ensure that law en-
forcement agencies abide by any limitations
or affirmative obligations imposed on the ac-
quisition of controlled equipment or receipt
of funds to purchase controlled equipment
from the
Federal Government and the obli-
gations resulting from receipt of Federal fi-
nancial assistance;
(H) require State and local governing body
to review
and authorize a law enforcement
agency's request for or acquisition of con-
trolled equipment;
(I) require that law enforcement agencies
participating
in
Federal controlled equip-
ment
programs receive necessary
regarding
appropriate
use
of
training
controlled
equipment and the implementation of obli-
gations resulting from receipt of Federal fi-
nancial assistance, including training on the
protection of civil rights and civil liberties;
(J)
provide
uniform
standards
for
sus-
pending law enforcement agencies from Fed-
eral controlled equipment programs for spec-
ified violations of law, including civil rights
laws, and ensuring
those standards
are im-
plemented consistently across agencies; and
(K) create a process to monitor the sale or
transfer of controlled equipment from the
Federal
Government
Or
controlled
equip-
(i) IN GENERAL.-
-There shall be an Execu-
tive Director of the Working Group, to be ap-
pointed by the Attorney General.
(ii) RESPONSIBILITIES.—The Executive Di-
rector appointed under clause (i) shall deter-
mine the agenda of the Working Group, con-
work of the Working Group under the direc-
tion of the Co-Chairs.
by
law and
using amounts
already
appro-
priated, the
Secretary shall fund, and pro-
vide administrative support for, the Working
Group
(II) REQUIREMENT.-
-Each agency shall bear
its own expenses
for participating in the
Working Group.
(F) COORDINATION WITH THE DEPARTMENT OF
HOMELAND SECURITY.-
-In general, the Work-
ing Group shall coordinate with the Home-
land Security Advisory Council of the De-
partment of Homeland Security to identify
areas of overlap or potential national pre-
paredness implications of further changes to
Federal controlled equipment programs.
(4) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this
subsection shall be construed as creating any
right or
benefit, substantive or procedural,
enforceable at law or in equity by any party
against the United States,
its departments,
agencies, or entities, its officers, employees,
or agents, or any other person.
(d) REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
TRANSFER OF PERSONAL PROPERTY TO LAW
ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES AND OTHER ENTI-
TIES.-
(1) APPROPRIATE RECIPIENTS DEFINED.—In
this subsection, the term
"appropriate re-
cipients" means
(A) the Committee on Armed Services of
the Senate;
(B) the Committee on Armed Services of
the House of Representatives;
(C) the Committee on Appropriations of
the Senate; and
(D) the
Committee on Appropriations of
the House of Representatives.
(2) REPORT.—Not later than 2 years after
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-
retary of Defense, in consultation with the
Attorney General
and
the
Secretary
of
Homeland Security, shall submit a report to
the appropriate recipients.

===== PAGE 170 =====
{"alpha_words": 1155, "chars": 7895, "method": "ocr", "page": 170, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(3) CONTENTS.—The report required under
(A) a review of the efficacy of the surplus
equipment transfer program; and
ommend continuing or ending the program
SA 4467. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself,
Mr. PORTMAN,
Mr. ROUNDS,
COONs) submitted an
amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
4350, to authorize appropriations for
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy,
strengths for such fiscal year,
other purposes; which was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
• IMPROVING TRANSPARENCY AND AC-
INSTITUTIONS FOR PURPOSES
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(A) by striking subparagraph (B) and in- vision of Federal or State law that materi-
ally affects the education provided at the in-
''(B) for each individual described in sub-
information provided
stitution or is the result of illicit activity,
including deceptive marketing
formation provided to prospective students
'(i) the name of each Federal student aid
and a description of each such pro-
gram, from which the individual may receive
or current enrollees.".
INFORMATION PROVIDED.
Paragraph (2) of such subsection is amend-
'(ii) for each program named and described
pursuant to clause (i), the amount of edu-
assistance that the individual may
receive under the program;
(A) by inserting '(A)" before "To the ex-
(B) by adding at the end the following new
'(B) The Secretary shall ensure that infor-
mation provided under subsection (b)(5) is
provided in a manner that is easy and acces-
sible to individuals described in subsection
(a), especially with respect to information
described in paragraph (1)(C)(xxii).".
(a) REQUIREMENT RELATING TO G.I. BILL
(1) REQUIREMENT TO MAINTAIN TOOL.—The
Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall maintain
the G.I. Bill Comparison Tool that was es-
tablished pursuant to Executive Order 13607
25861; relating to establishing
principles of excellence for educational insti-
tutions serving service members,
spouses, and other family members) and in
effect on the day before the date of the en-
actment of this Act, or successor tool, to
relevant and timely information
about programs of education approved under
chapter 36 of title 38, United States Code,
and the educational institutions that offer
such programs.
(2) DATA RETENTION.—The Secretary shall
ensure that historical data that is reported
via the tool maintained under paragraph (1)
remains easily and prominently accessible
on the benefits.va.gov website, or successor
website, for a period of not less than seven
years from the date of initial publication.
(b) PROVIDING TIMELY AND RELEVANT EDU-
CATION INFORMATION TO VETERANS, MEMBERS
OF THE ARMED FORCES, AND OTHER INDIVID-
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in coordi-
the Secretary of Education,
shall make such changes to the tool main-
tained under subsection (a) as the Secretary
determines appropriate to ensure that such
tool is an effective and efficient method for
3698(b)(5) of title 38, United States Code.
(2) MODIFICATION OF SCOPE OF COMPREHEN-
SIVE POLICY ON PROVIDING EDUCATION INFOR-
(A) in subsection (a), by striking "veterans
and members of the Armed Forces'
"individuals entitled to educational
assistance under laws administered by the
Secretary of Veterans Affairs"; and
(i) by striking "veterans and members of
the Armed Forces'
and inserting 'individ-
uals described in subsection (a)'; and
and inserting 'the individual".
BILL COMPARISON TOOL REQUIRED
DISCLOSURES.—Paragraph (1) of subsection (C)
of such section is amended—
(i) in clause (i), by inserting "and a defini-
tion of each type of institution" before the
(ii) by striking clause (v) and inserting the
'(V) the average total
tuition, the average cost of room and board,
the average cost and the average fees to earn
a certificate, and associate's degree, a bach-
elor's degree, a postdoctoral degree, and any
or credential the institution
(iii) in clause (xii), by striking the period
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and
(iv) by adding at the end the following new
completion rates, disaggregated by
uals who are veterans,
members of the Armed Forces,
uals who are neither veterans nor members
"(xiv) transfer-out rates, disaggregated by
individuals who are veterans.
members of the Armed Forces, and
members of the Armed Forces;
'(xV) credentials available and the average
time for completion of each credential;
come of graduates of the institution in gen-
"(II) individuals who are veterans;
'(III) individuals who are members of the
"(IV) individuals who are neither veterans
nor members of the Armed Forces;
title to pursue a program of education at the
institution who did not earn
gram of education;
amount of debt in-
curred from a Federal student loan made, in-
sured, or guaranteed under title IV of the
Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070
et seq.) by an individual who pursued a pro-
disaggregated by-
'(I) individuals who received a credential
and individuals who did not; and
'(II) individuals who are veterans, individ-
uals who are members of the Armed Forces,
and individuals who are neither veterans nor
members of the Armed Forces;
'(xix) whether the institution participates
in Federal student aid programs, and if so,
disaggregated by—
''(I) individuals who are veterans
"(II) individuals who are members of the
Armed Forces; and
'(III) individuals who are neither veterans
nor members of the Armed Forces; and
civil settlement or
finding resulting from a Federal or State ac-
tion in a court of competent jurisdiction
against the institution for violation of a pro-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Subsection (b)(2) of such
(A) by amending subparagraph (A) to read
'(A) providing institutions of higher learn-
to 30-days to review and respond to
any feedback and address issues regarding
the feedback before the feedback is pub-
subparagraph (B), by striking ";
and" and inserting a semicolon;
(C) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon;
(D) by adding at the end the following new
subparagraphs:
'(D) for each institution of higher learning
that is approved under this chapter, retains,
maintains, and publishes all of such feedback
for the entire duration that the institution
of higher is approved under this chapter; and
"(E) is easily accessible to individuals de-
scribed in subsection (a) and to the general
(2) ACCESSIBILITY FROM G.I. BILL COMPARI-
-The Secretary shall ensure that-
(A) the feedback
tracked and published
under subsection (b)(2) of such section, as
displayed in the tool maintained under sub-
section (a) of this section; and
(B) when such tool displays information for
an institution of higher learning, the appli-
cable feedback is also displayed for such in-
stitution of higher learning.
(d) TRAINING FOR PROVISION OF EDUCATION
(1) IN GENERAL.-
-Not less than one
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
Secretary shall ensure that personnel
employed or contracted by the Department
of Veteran Affairs to provide education bene-
fits counseling, vocational or transition as-
sistance, or similar functions, including em-
who provide such counseling or assistance as
part of the Transition Assistance Program,
properly the tool maintained
under subsection (a); and
counseling services to veterans, members of
the Armed Forces, and other individuals.
(2) TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM
FINED.—In this subsection, the term 'Transi-
tion Assistance Program"
gram of counseling,
information, and serv-
ices under section 1142 of title 10, United
RESTORATION OF ENTITLEMENT TO
ANCE AND OTHER RELIEF FOR VET-
FORCEMENT ACTIONS AGAINST EDU-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 3699(b)(1) of title
38, United States Code, is amended—

===== PAGE 171 =====
{"alpha_words": 1145, "chars": 7821, "method": "ocr", "page": 171, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking "; or"
(2) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ";
and" and inserting "; or'; and
(3) by adding at the end the following new
'(C) a Federal or State civil enforcement
action against the education institution; or
(b) MECHANISM.—The Secretary of Veterans
Affairs shall establish a simple mechanism
that can be used by an individual described
in subsection (b)(1) of section 3699 of such
title by reason of subparagraph (C) or (D) of
such subsection, as added by subsection (a)(3)
of this section, to obtain relief under section
3699(a) of such title.
Subsection (a) of such section is
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2)
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively;
(2) in the matter before subparagraph (A),
as redesignated by paragraph (1), by striking
"Any payment' and inserting '(1) Subject to
paragraph (2), any payment'; and
(3) by adding at the end the following new
payment of educational assistance
described in subsection (b) by reason of sub-
paragraph (C) or (D) of paragraph (1) of such
subsection may be charged against the enti-
tlement to educational assistance of the in-
'(A) if the individual requests such charge;
'(B) to such percentage of charge as the in-
dividual may specify, except that such per-
centage may not be less than zero or more
(d) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.
(1) SECTION HEADING.-
-The heading for sec-
tion 3699 of such title is amended by striking
"or disapproval of educational institution'
"of, disapproval of, or civil en-
forcement actions against educational insti-
subsection (a) of such section is amended by
striking "oR DISAPPROVAL" and inserting ",
DISAPPROVAL, CIVIL ENFORCEMENT ACTIONS,
AND OTHER ACTIONS BY SECRETARY OF VET-
ERANS AFFAIRS'
(3) TABLE OF SECTIONS.—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 36 of such
title is amended by striking the item relat-
3699 and inserting the fol-
''3699. Effects of closure of, disapproval of, or
SA 4468. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-
SULLIVAN) submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of
the Depart-
ment of Energy,
to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the
SEC. 1054. REPORT ON SHARING OF ILLEGAL, UN-
FISHING-RELATED INFORMA-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
the Secretary of the Defense shall submit to
the congressional defense committees a re-
port on the ability and effectiveness of, and
barriers to, the Department of Defense re-
lated to the dissemination and generation of
larly related to the sharing of Department of
State and local governments, and private or-
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required under
(1) a description of the challenges resulting
and ways to overcome,
and dissemination issues related to the shar-
(2) a description of the current and future
planned use by the Department of Defense of
technology, including image recognition al-
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year, and
for other purposes;
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
-This section may be
cited as the "Guarantee Oversight and Liti-
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
(1) the punishment of Russia for persistent
decades-long state-run doping fraud by the
international sport governance structure has
been insufficient and Russia's competing sta-
tus as 'ROC" at Tokyo 2020 demonstrates to
authoritarian states around the world that
systematic doping will be tolerated; and
U.S.C. 2401 et seq.) can create the deterrent
required to curb doping fraud as the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (15 U.S.C. 78dd-
1 et seq.) curbed foreign bribery and the De-
partment of Justice and the Federal Bureau
of Investigation should prioritize enforce-
ment of the Rodchenkov Anti-Doping Act of
(C) PREDICATE OFFENSES.—Part I of title 18,
United States Code, is amended—
striking "or section 104(a)" and in-
serting "section 104(a)'; and
following: ", or section 3 of the Rodchenkov
Anti-Doping Act of 2019 (21 U.S.C.
lating to prohibited activities with respect
to major international doping fraud conspir-
(2) in section 1961(1)-
(A) by striking "or (G) any act' and insert-
2332(b)(g)(5)(B)' the following: ",
act that is indictable under section 3 of the
(d) LIMITATION.—An athlete (as defined in
section 2 of the Rodchenkov Anti-Doping Act
of 2019 (21 U.S.C. 2401)) may
ecuted under section 1956 or chapter 96 of
title 18, United States Code, for any offense
for which a violation of section 3
November 4, 2021
Rodchenkov Anti-Doping Act of 2019 was the
predicate offense.
SA 4470. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself
and Ms. ERNST) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add
SEC. 857. IMPLEMENTATION OF TRAFFICKING IN
(a) REQUIREMENT TO REFER VIOLATIONS TO
SUSPENSION AND DEBARMENT OFFI-
-Section 1704(c)(1) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013
(22 U.S.C. 7104b(c)(1)) is amended
(1) by inserting "refer the matter to the
agency suspension and
and" before "consider taking one of the fol-
(2) by striking subparagraph (G).
(b) REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF TRAF-
later than 90 days after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Director of the Office
of Management and Budget shall submit to
Congress a report on implementation of title
XVII of the National Defense Authorization
Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112-239;
126 Stat. 2092).
SA 4471. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself
and Mr. BrowN) submitted an
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XXXI, add
SEC. 3157. TRANSFER OF BUILDING LOCATED AT
4170 ALLIUM COURT, SPRINGFIELD,
(a) IN GENErAL.—The National Nuclear Se-
curity Administration shall release all of its
reversionary rights without reimbursement
to the building located at 4170 Allium Court,
Springfield, Ohio, also known as the
Human Capital Development, to the Commu-
nity Improvement Corporation
County and the Chamber of Commerce.
interest in the property, on which the build-
ing described in subsection (a) is located,
shall be transferred from the Advanced Tech-
nical Intelligence Center for Human Capital
to the Community
ment Corporation of Clark County prior to
or concurrent with the release of the rever-
sionary rights of the National Nuclear Secu-
rity Administration under subsection (a).
SA 4472. Mr. BOOKER submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.

===== PAGE 172 =====
{"alpha_words": 1219, "chars": 8562, "method": "ocr", "page": 172, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add
SEC. 857. COMPLAINT PROCEDURES FOR PROHI-
BITION ON CRIMINAL HISTORY IN-
QUIRIES BY CONTRACTORS PRIOR
(a) CIVILIAN AGENCY CONTRACTS.—Section
4714(b) of title 41 United States Code, is
"COMPLAINT" and inserting 'INVESTIGATIVE";
(B) by striking "Administrator of General
(C) by striking "submit to the Adminis-
and inserting
"submit to the Sec-
tigate compliance with subsection (a)(1)(B)
during the course of compliance evaluations
conducted pursuant to parts 60-1.20, 60-300.60,
and 60-741.60 of title 41, Code of Federal Reg-
The Secretary of Labor may pub-
lish such procedures by regulation, guidance,
or such other means which the
Secretary
deems appropriate."; and
(2) in subsection (C)—
(A) in paragraph (1)-
(i) by striking 'head of an executive agen-
cy determines'
and inserting
"Secretary of
Labor, based upon the results of a complaint
investigation or compliance evaluation con-
ducted by the Secretary, determines";
(ii) by striking "such head' and inserting
"'the Secretary'; and
(iii)
in
subparagraph
(C),
by
striking
"warning" and inserting "notice"; and
(B) in paragraph (2)-
(i) by striking 'head of an executive agen-
cy determines"
and inserting Secretary of
Labor, based upon the results of a complaint
investigation or compliance evaluation con-
ducted by the Secretary determines";
(ii) by striking "such head" and inserting
"the Secretary";
(iii) by inserting ", as necessary" after 'in
consultation with the relevant Federal agen-
(iv) by amending subparagraph (C) to read
'(C) taking any of the actions authorized
by section 202(7) of Executive Order 11246 (42
2000e note; relating to equal employ-
ment opportunity) and section 60-1.27 of title
41, Code of Federal Regulations.".
-Section 2339 of
title 10, United States Code, is amended-
"COMPLAINT" and inserting 'INVESTIGATIVE";
(B) by striking "Secretary of Defense' and
inserting "Secretary of Labor"; and
(C) by adding at the end before the period
following: 'to
the Secretary
The Secretary of Labor may also investigate
compliance with subsection (a)(1)(B) during
ducted pursuant to parts 60-1.20,
and 60-741.60 of title 41, Code of Federal Reg-
ulations.
The Secretary of Labor may pub-
lish such procedures by regulation, guidance,
or such other means which
the Secretary
deems appropriate.'; and
(2) in subsection (c)—
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(i) by striking "Secretary of Defense deter-
based upon the results of a complaint inves-
tigation or compliance evaluation conducted
by the Secretary, determines"; and
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking "warn-
ing" and inserting "notice"; and
(i) by striking "Secretary of Defense deter-
and inserting "Secretary of Labor,
based upon the results of a complaint inves-
tigation or compliance evaluation conducted
by the Secretary, determines";
(ii) by inserting",
as necessary" after "in
consultation with the relevant Federal agen-
(iii) by amending subparagraph (C) to read
"(C) taking any of the actions authorized
by section 202(7) of Executive Order 11246 (42
U.S.C. 2000e note; relating to equal employ-
ment opportunity) and section 60-1.27 of title
41, Code of Federal Regulations.".
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2020 (Public Law 116-92; 41 U.S.C.
4714 note, 10 U.S.C. 2339 note), is amended-
(1) in subsection (a)(3), by inserting 'on or
after the date that is two years" after "so-
(2) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting 'on or
after the date that is two years' after "so-
licitations issued".
SA 4473. Mr. BOOKER (for himself
Mr.
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
for
such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
the following:
Subtitle
-Equal Act
SEC.
01. SHORT TITLE.
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Elimi-
nating a Quantifiably Unjust Application of
the Law Act" or the 'EQUAL Act"
SEC.
02. ELIMINATION OF INCREASED PEN-
ALTIES
FOR
COCAINE
OFFENSES
WHERE THE COCAINE INVOLVED IS
COCAINE BASE.
(a) CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES ACT.—The fol-
stances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) are re-
(1) Clause (iii) of section 401(b)(1)(A) (21
(2) Clause (iii) of section 401(b)(1)(B) (21
U.S.C. 841(b)(1)(B)).
(b) CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES IMPORT AND
ACT.—The following provisions
the Controlled
Substances Import and Ex-
port Act (21 U.S.C. 951 et seq.) are repealed:
(1) Subparagraph (C) of section 1010(b)(1)
(2) Subparagraph (C) of section 1010(b)(2)
APPLICABILITY TO PENDING AND PAST
(1) PENDING CASES.—This section, and the
amendments made by this section,
shall
apply to any sentence imposed after the date
of enactment of this Act, regardless of when
the offense was committed.
(2) PAST CASES.—In the case of a defendant
who, before the date of enactment of this
Act, was convicted or sentenced for a Fed-
eral offense involving cocaine base, the sen-
tencing court may, on motion of the defend-
ant, the Bureau of Prisons, the attorney for
the Government, or on its own motion, im-
pose a reduced sentence after considering the
factors set forth in section 3553(a) of title 18,
SA 4474. Mr. COONS (for himself and
Ms. MUrKOWSKI) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title X, add the following:
Subtitle H-Accelerating Access to Critical
Therapies for ALS
SEC. 1071. GRANTS FOR RESEARCH ON THERA-
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Health
and Human Services (referred to in this sec-
"Secretary") shall award grants
to participating entities for purposes of sci-
entific research utilizing data from expanded
access to investigational drugs for individ-
uals who are not otherwise eligible for clin-
ical trials
for
the
prevention, diagnosis.
mitigation,
treatment,
or
cure
of
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. In the case of
a participating entity seeking such a grant,
an
expanded access request
must be
sub-
mitted, and allowed to proceed by the Sec-
retary,
Food,
under section
561
of the Federal
Drug,
and
Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C.
360bbb) and part 312 of title 21, Code of Fed-
eral Regulations (or any successor regula-
tions), before the application for such grant
is submitted.
(b) APPLICATION.-
(1) IN GENERAL.-A
participating
entity
seeking a grant under this section shall sub-
mit to the Secretary an application at such
time, in such manner, and containing such
information as the Secretary shall specify.
(2)
USE
OF
DATA.-An
application
sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) shall include a
description of how data generated through
an expanded access request under section 561
of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act
(21 U.S.C. 360bbb) with respect to the inves-
tigational drug involved will be used to sup-
port research or development related to the
ment, or cure of amyotrophic lateral scle-
NONINTERFERENCE
TRIALS.—An application submitted
paragraph (1) shall include a description of
how the proposed expanded access program
will be designed so as not to interfere with
patient enrollment in ongoing clinical trials
for investigational therapies for the preven-
tion, diagnosis,
cure of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
406 and 492 of the Public Health Service Act
284a, 289a), the Secretary shall,
determining whether to award a grant under
(1) such grant will be used to support a sci-
entific research objective relating to the pre-
vention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, or
cure of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (as de-
scribed in subsection (a));
(2) such grant shall not have the effect of
diminishing eligibility for, or impeding en-
rollment
of, ongoing clinical trials for the

===== PAGE 173 =====
{"alpha_words": 1255, "chars": 8799, "method": "ocr", "page": 173, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ment, or cure of amyotrophic lateral scle-
rosis by determining that individuals who re-
ceive expanded access
drugs through such a grant are not eligible
(A) ongoing clinical trials that are reg-
istered on ClinicalTrials.gov (or successor
website), with respect to a drug for the pre-
vention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, or
cure of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; or
(B) clinical trials for the prevention, diag-
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis for which an
exemption under section 505(i) of the Federal
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C.
Drug Administration and which are expected
to begin enrollment within one year; and
resulting project funded by
grant will allow for equitable access to in-
vestigational drugs by minority and under-
(d) UsE oF FUNDS.—A participating entity
shall use funds received through the grant-
(1) to pay the manufacturer or sponsor for
the direct costs of the investigational drug,
as authorized under section 312.8(d) of title
21, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor
regulations), to prevent, diagnose, mitigate,
or cure amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
that is the subject of an expanded access re-
quest described in
costs are justified as part of peer review of
(2) for the entity's direct costs incurred in
providing such drug consistent with the re-
search mission of the grant; or
(3) for the direct and indirect costs of the
entity in conducting research with respect to
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) The term "participating entity" means
a participating
sponsored by a small business concern (as de-
fined in section 3(a) of the Small Business
Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)) that is the sponsor of a
drug that is the subject of an investigational
new drug application under section 505(i) of
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act
gate, treat, or cure amyotrophic lateral scle-
(2) The term "participating clinical trial"
means a phase 3 clinical trial conducted pur-
suant to an exemption under section 505(i) of
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act
(21 U.S.C. 355(i)) or section 351(a) of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262(a)) to in-
vestigate a drug intended to prevent, diag-
treat, or cure amyotrophic
"participating clinical trial
means a health care facility, or net-
work of facilities, at which patients partici-
a participating clinical trial re-
ceive an investigational drug through such
(f) SUNSET.—The Secretary may not award
grants under this section on or after Sep-
SEC. 1072. HHS PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIP
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
derstanding of neurodegenerative diseases
SEC. 1073. ALS AND OTHER RARE NEURODEGEN-
and fostering the development of treatments
ERATIVE DISEASE ACTION PLAN.
for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and other
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 6 months
after the date of enactment of this Act,
rare neurodegenerative diseases.
Commissioner of Food and Drugs shall pub-
lish on the website of the Food and Drug Ad-
with other public and private entities and in-
dividuals with expertise in amyotrophic lat-
neurodegenerative diseases for the purposes
described in this subsection;
(2) focus on advancing regulatory science
and scientific research that will support and
accelerate the development and review
drugs for patients with amyotrophic lateral
and other rare neurodegenerative
drugs that improve the lives of people that
suffer from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and
other rare neurodegenerative diseases.
(b) ELIGIBLE ENTITY.—In this section,
(A) an institution of higher education (as
such term is defined in section 1001 of the
Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001))
or a consortium of such institutions; or
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
and exempt from tax under subsection (a) of
(2) has experienced personnel with clinical
and other technical expertise in the field of
biomedical sciences and demonstrated con-
nection to the patient population;
(3) demonstrates to the Secretary's satis-
faction that the entity is capable of identi-
fying and establishing collaborations
tween public and private entities
viduals with expertise in neurodegenerative
tions the Food and Drug Administration in-
tends to take during the 5-year period fol-
lowing publication of the plan with respect
to program enhancements,
other appropriate initiatives to-
(1) foster the development of safe and effec-
tive drugs that improve or extend, or both,
the lives of people living with amyotrophic
neurodegenerative diseases; and
drugs for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and
other rare neurodegenerative diseases.
The initial action plan pub-
lished under subsection (a) shall-
from within the Food and Drug Administra-
tion to be responsible for implementation of
such action plan;
(2) include elements to facilitate-
(A) interactions and collaboration between
the Food and Drug Administration, includ-
ing the review centers thereof, and stake-
holders including patients, sponsors, and the
external biomedical research community;
(B) consideration of cross-cutting
and regulatory policy issues, including con-
sistency of regulatory advice and decision
(C) identification of key regulatory science
and policy issues critical to advancing devel-
opment of safe and effective drugs; and
(D) enhancement of collaboration and en-
gagement of the relevant centers and offices
of the Food and Drug Administration with
other operating divisions within the Depart-
(A) development and critical evaluation of
tools, methods, and processes-
(i) to characterize neurodegenerative dis-
eases and their natural history;
neurodegenerative diseases; and
(iii) to increase efficiency, predictability,
and productivity of clinical development of
therapies, including advancement of rational
therapeutic development and establishment
of clinical trial networks; and
(B) securing funding for the Partnership
from Federal and non-Federal governmental
neurodegenerative disease community; and
(3) be subject to revision, as determined ap-
(4) provides an assurance that the entity
will not accept funding for a Partnership
project from any organization that manufac-
or distributes products regulated by
Food and Drug
Administration
the entity provides assurances in its agree-
ment with the Secretary that the results of
the project will not be influenced by any
source of funding.
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Partnership may so-
licit and accept gifts, grants, and other dona-
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later
year after the date of enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of Health and Human Services
tions, establish accounts, and invest and ex-
pend funds in support of basic research and
research associated
trials conducted with respect to investiga-
retary") shall establish
and implement a
tional drugs that are the subjects of ex-
panded access requests under section 561 of
Neurodegenerative Diseases between the Na-
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act
tional Institutes of Health,
(21 U.S.C. 360bbb).
Drug Administration, and one or more eligi-
(2) USE.-In addition to any amounts ap-
ble entities (to be known and referred to in
propriated for purposes of carrying out this
this section as the "Partnership') through
the Partnership may use, without
cooperative agreements, contracts, or other
appropriation,
appropriate mechanisms with such eligible from a gift, grant, or other donation accept-
entities, for the purpose of advancing the un- ed pursuant to paragraph (1).
SEC. 1074. FDA RARE NEURODEGENERATIVE DIS-
The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-
Food and Drugs, shall award grants and con-
tracts to public and private entities to cover
the costs of research on, and development of
interventions intended to prevent, diagnose,
mitigate, treat, or cure, amyotrophic lateral
and other rare neurodegenerative
diseases in adults and children,
costs incurred with respect to the develop-
ment and critical evaluation of tools, meth-
ods, and processes
(1) to characterize such neurodegenerative
diseases and their natural history;
(2) to identify molecular targets for such
neurodegenerative diseases; and
(3) to increase efficiency and productivity
of clinical development of therapies, includ-
(A) the use of master protocols and adapt-
ive and add-on clinical trial designs; and
(B) efforts to establish new or leverage ex-
isting clinical trial networks.
Not later than 4 years after the date of the
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States shall submit to the
Committee on Energy and Commerce of the
House of Representatives and the Committee
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of
the Senate a report containing
(1) with respect to grants awarded under
the program established under section 1071-
(A) an analysis of what is known about the
impact of such grants on research or devel-
opment related to the prevention, diagnosis,

===== PAGE 174 =====
{"alpha_words": 1267, "chars": 8356, "method": "ocr", "page": 174, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; and
(B) data concerning such grants, includ-
(i) the number of grants awarded;
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
cure of Secretary of State shall submit a report to
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the
Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of
the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs of the House of Representatives,
grants were awarded;
(iii) the value of each such grant;
(iv) a description of the research each such
(v) the number of patients who received ex-
panded access to an investigational drug to
lateral sclerosis
(vi) whether the investigational drug that
was the subject of such a grant was approved
by the Food and Drug Administration; and
(vii) the average number of days
when a grant application is submitted and
when a grant is awarded; and
(2) with respect to grants awarded under
the program established under section 1074-
(A) an analysis of what is known about the
impact of such grants on research or devel-
opment related to the prevention, diagnosis,
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis;
(B) an analysis of what is known about how
such grants increased efficiency and produc-
tivity of the clinical development of thera-
pies, including through the use of clinical
protocols, or had adaptive or add-on clinical
trial designs; and
(C) data concerning such grants, includ-
(i) the number of grants awarded;
(ii) the participating
(iii) the value of each such grant;
(iv) a description of the research each such
grant was used to further; and
(v) whether the investigational drug that
was the subject of such a grant received ap-
proval by the Food and
Drug Administra-
SEC. 1076. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.
For purposes of carrying out this subtitle,
be appropriated
Representatives
findings of the review conducted pursuant to
4476. Mr. ROMNEY (for himself
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
• UNITED STATES GRAND STRATEGY
WITH RESPECT TO CHINA.
(a) FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS.-
(1) FINDINGS.—Congress finds the following:
(A) The United States is in a new era of
geostrategic and
with the People's Republic of China, a great
power that seeks to challenge international
laws and institutions, and confront
nomic, military, technological, and informa-
(B) As it has during previous periods of
great power competition, the United States
must articulate and refine its grand strat-
egy, including through rigorous testing
assumptions and by drawing on expertise
United States
ensure its ultimate success, as well as global
peace, stability, and shared prosperity.
(C) Historically, presidents of the United
States have used different models for grand
development, including the fol-
lowing efforts:
(i) In January 1950, President Truman re-
quested an in-depth report on the state of
the world, actions taken by
the United States, and the development of a
national strategy, resulting
in a paper entitled "United States Objectives
and Programs for National Security"
SA 4475. Mr.
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of
the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the
ENSURING GEOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY
(b) UNITED STATES GRAND STRATEGY WITH
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 30
after the date on which the President first
strategy under section 108
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043) after the
date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-
shall commence developing
prehensive report that articulates the strat-
egy of the United States with respect to the
People's Republic of China (in
referred to as the "China Strategy') that
builds on the work of such national security
(2) SUBMITTAL.—Not later than 270 days
after the date on which the President first
submits to Congress a national
under section 108 of the National
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043) after the
date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-
dent shall submit to Congress
Strategy developed under paragraph (1).
submitted in classified form and shall in-
clude an unclassified summary.
(C) CONTENTS.—The China
Strategy devel-
oped under subsection (b) shall set forth the
States with respect to the People's Republic
of China and shall include a comprehensive
description and discussion of the following:
(1) The strategy of the People's Republic of
China regarding the military, economic, and
political power of China in the Indo-Pacific
People's Republic of China has decided on
such strategy and what the strategy means
and objectives of the United States.
(2) The worldwide interests,
and objectives of the United States as they
relate to geostrategic and geoeconomic com-
petition with the People's Republic of China.
(3) The foreign and economic policy, world-
wide commitments, and national defense ca-
pabilities of the United States necessary to
deter aggression and to implement the na-
tional security strategy of the United States
as they relate to the new era of competition
with the People's Republic of China.
(4) How the United States will exercise the
and other elements of its national power to
protect or advance its interests and values
and achieve the goals and objectives referred
to in paragraph (1).
(5) The adequacy of the capabilities of the
United States Government to carry out the
States within the context of new and emer-
posed by the People's Republic of China, in-
cluding an evaluation—
(A) of the balance among the capabilities
States Government during Project Solarium
to produce NSC 162/2, a "Statement of Policy
National Security Policy" in order to "meet
guide United States national security policy.
(iii) President Ford authorized the Team B
project to draw in experts from outside the
United States Government to question and
strengthen the analysis of the Central Intel-
(a) REVIEW.—The Secretary of State shall
conduct a review of the geographic diversity
of existing passport agencies to identify—
States that are farther than 6 hours driving
distance from the nearest passport agency;
(2) the per capita demand for passport serv-
ices in the areas described in paragraph (1);
(iv) President Reagan
approved the Na-
tional Security Decision Directive Number
75 in January 1983 to organize United States
strategy toward the Soviet Union in order to
clarify and orient United States policies to-
ward specific objectives vis a vis the Soviet
(2) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
(3) a strategy to ensure that passport agen-
Congress that the United States should draw
cies are accessible to all eligible Americans,
upon previous successful models of grand
including Americans living outside of large
strategy to articulate a strategy that appro-
population centers and in States with a high
the evolving challenges
per capita demand for passport services.
and contours of the new era of geostrategic
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after
and geoeconomic competition with the Peo-
the date of the enactment of this Act, the ple's Republic of China.
(B) the balance of all United States ele-
ments of national power in comparison to
equivalent elements of national power of the
(6) The assumptions and end-state or end-
states of the strategy of the United States
globally and in the Indo-Pacific region with
respect to the People's Republic of China.
(7) Such other information as the Presi-
dent considers necessary to help inform Con-
gress on matters relating to the national se-
curity strategy of the United States with re-
spect to the People's Republic of China.
GRAND STRATEGY WITH RESPECT TO CHINA.
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is hereby estab-
lished in the executive branch a commission
United States Grand Strategy with respect
(in this section referred to as the

===== PAGE 175 =====
{"alpha_words": 1331, "chars": 8669, "method": "ocr", "page": 175, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(2) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the Board is
of the China
(A) REVIEW.—The Board shall review the
current national security strategy of the
United States with respect to the People's
capabilities, strategy, and end-state or end-
The Board shall analyze the United States
national security strategy with respect to
Republic of China, including
challenging its assumptions and
and make recommendations to the President
(C) CLASSIFIED BRIEFING.—Not later than 30
date on which the President
under subsection (b)(2), the Board shall pro-
vide to Congress a classified briefing on its
review, assessment, and recommendations.
(A) RECOMMENDATIONS.—Not later than 30
days after the date on which the President
first submits to Congress a national security
strategy under section 108 of the National
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043) after the
date of the enactment of this Act, the major-
ity leader of the Senate, the minority leader
of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of
Representatives, and the minority leader of
the House of Representatives shall each pro-
vide to the President a list of at not fewer
than 10 candidates for membership on the
Board, at least 5 of whom shall be individ-
uals in the private sector and 5 of whom
shall be individuals in academia or employed
by a nonprofit research institution.
(B) MEMBERSHIP.—The Board shall be com-
posed of 9 members appointed by the Presi-
(i) The National Security Advisor or such
other designee as the President considers ap-
propriate, such as the Asia Coordinator from
the National Security Council.
(ii) Four shall be selected from among indi-
viduals in the private sector.
(iii) Four shall be selected from among in-
dividuals in academia or employed by a non-
profit research institution.
(iv) Two members should be selected from
among individuals included in the list sub-
mitted by the majority leader of the Senate
under subparagraph (A), of whom—
(I) one should be selected from among indi-
viduals in the private sector; and
(Il) one should be selected from among in-
dividuals in academia or employed by a non-
(v) Two members should be selected from
among individuals included in the list sub-
mitted by the minority leader of the Senate
under subparagraph (A), of whom-
(I) one should be selected from among indi-
viduals in the private sector; and
(II) one should be selected from among in-
dividuals in academia or employed by a non-
profit research institution.
(vi) Two members should be selected from
among individuals included in the list sub-
mitted by the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives under subparagraph (A), or
(I) one should be selected from among indi-
viduals in the private sector; and
(II) one should be selected from among in-
dividuals in academia or employed by a non-
(vii) Two members should be selected from
among individuals included in the list sub-
mitted by the minority leader of the House
of Representatives under subparagraph (A),
(I) one should be selected from among indi-
viduals in the private sector; and
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(II) one should be selected from among in-
dividuals in academia or employed by a non-
profit research institution.
(C) CHAIRPERSON.—The Chairperson of the
Board shall be the member of the Board ap-
pointed under subparagraph (B)(i).
(D) NONGOVERNMENTAL MEMBERSHIP; PERIOD
OF APPOINTMENT; VACANCIES.—
cept in the case of the Chairperson of the
Board, an individual appointed to the Board
may not be an officer or employee of an in-
strumentality of government.
APPOINTMENT.—Members
shall be appointed for the life of the Board.
filled in the same manner as the
(5) DEADLINE FOR APPOINTMENT.-
days after the date on which the
President first submits to Congress a na-
tional security strategy under section 108 of
the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C.
3043) after the date of the enactment of this
(A) appoint the members of the Board pur-
(B) submit to Congress a list of the mem-
(6) EXPERTS AND CONSULTANTS.—The Board
intermittent services under section 3109 of
United States Code, but at rates for
individuals not to exceed the daily equiva-
lent of the maximum annual rate of basic
pay under level IV of the Executive Schedule
under section 5315 of title 5, United States
(7) SECURITY CLEARANCES.—The appropriate
departments or agencies shall co-
operate with the Board in expeditiously pro-
viding to the Board members and experts and
consultants appropriate security clearances
to the extent possible pursuant to existing
procedures and requirements, except that no
person may be provided with access to classi-
fied information under this Act without the
appropriate security clearances.
(8) RECEIPT, HANDLING, STORAGE, AND DIS-
SEMINATION.—Information shall only be
ceived, handled, stored, and disseminated by
members of the Board and any experts and
consultants consistent with all
statutes, regulations, and Executive orders.
(9) NONAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN REQUIRE-
Act (5 U.S.C. App.) and section 552b of title 5,
United States Code (commonly known as the
'Government in the Sunshine Act"'), shall
(10) UNCOMPENSATED SERVICE.-A member
of the Board who is not an officer or em-
ployee of the Federal Government shall serve
November 4, 2021
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy,
to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add
SEC. 1216. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ALLIES AND
PARTNERS ASSISTING EVACUATION
It is the sense of Congress that—
(1) following the Afghan Taliban takeover
of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, Alba-
Kosovo, Kuwait,
Norway, Mexico, Qatar, Rwanda, Saudi Ara-
United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom,
and the Self-Declared Independent Republic
States' request for assistance in the effort to
evacuate and support thousands of United
States citizens, lawful permanent residents
(2) the United States values the vital con-
tributions of these partners and allies to the
evacuation effort and is grateful for their
support of this critical humanitarian mis-
carrying out its duties, the Board shall re-
ceive the full and timely cooperation of the
heads of relevant Federal departments and
agencies in providing the Board with anal-
ysis, briefings, and other information nec-
essary for the fulfillment of its responsibil-
(12) TERMINATION.—The Board shall termi-
nate on the date that is 60 days after the
China Strategy to Congress under subsection
SA 4477. Mr. ROMNEY (for himself
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
SA 4478. Mr. ROMNEY submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle C of title XIV, add
SEC. 1424. REPORT ON DOMESTIC PROCESSING
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-
tion and Sustainment shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress a report on
domestic processing of rare earths to achieve
States Armed Forces and key allies and part-
ners of the United States.
-The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following:
(1) An estimate of the annual demand for
processed rare earths for the United States
Armed Forces and key allies and partners of
(2) An outline of the necessary processed
rare earths value chain required to support
the needs of the Department of Defense.
(3) An assessment of gaps in the outline de-
scribed in paragraph (2) indicating where suf-
ficient domestic capacity already exists and
where such capacity does not exist.
(4) An identification of any Federal funds,
including any funds made available
title III of the Defense Production Act of 1950
(50 U.S.C. 4531 et seq.), currently being de-
ployed to support creation of domestic ca-
pacity to address those gaps.
(5) An estimate of the additional capital
investment required to build and operate ca-
pacity to address those gaps.
(6) An estimate of the annual funding nec-
essary for the Department of Defense to pro-
cure domestically processed rare earths suf-
ficient to meet its annual needs,
consideration of increased investments from

===== PAGE 176 =====
{"alpha_words": 1166, "chars": 7874, "method": "ocr", "page": 176, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(7) An estimate of the cost difference be-
tween the Department of Defense sourcing
rare earths processed in the United States
and sourcing rare earths on the open market.
ment of Defense would direct its weapon sup-
pliers to use the domestically processed rare
(9) An assessment of what changes, if any,
to authorities under title III of the Defense
Production Act of 1950 are necessary to enter
into a long-term offtake agreement to con-
tract for domestically processed rare earths.
(10) An assessment of the length of poten-
tial contracts necessary for preventing the
earths in the case of price fluctuations from
increases in the People's Republic of China's
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
section 1245 and insert the fol-
SEC. 1245. ASSESSMENT OF AND PLAN FOR IM-
METRIC CAPABILITIES OF TAIWAN.
S7983
improve the defensive asymmetric capabili-
ties of Taiwan in accordance with
-Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress
(1) a report on the results of the assess-
ment required by subsection (a); and
(2) the plan required by subsection (b).
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
in coordination with the heads of other rel-
shall conduct an assessment of the defensive
asymmetric capabilities of Taiwan.
-The assessment required by
paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) An assessment of the current defensive
asymmetric capabilities of Taiwan and
ability of Taiwan to defend itself from exter-
cooperation with allies and partners to joint-
ly reduce dependence on rare
essed in or by the People's Republic of China.
(C) FORM OF REPORT.-
The report required
by subsection (a) shall be submitted in clas-
sified form but shall include an unclassified
summary.
(d) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS
DEFINED.—In this section, the term
"appro-
priate committees of Congress" means-
Resources, the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices, the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and the Committee on Banking, Housing;
and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and
(2) the Committee on Natural Resources,
the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Financial Services of the House of
(1) a description and assessment of the cur-
rent defensive asymmetric capabilities of
Taiwan; and
(ii) a description of the defensive asym-
metric capabilities necessary for Taiwan to
successfully alter scenarios and likely out-
comes with respect to a possible use of force
by the People's Republic of China against
Taiwan, including the estimated cost of such
(B) An assessment of each of the following:
(i) The applicability of Department of De-
fense authorities for improving the defensive
asymmetric capabilities of Taiwan in accord-
ance with the Taiwan Relations Act (Public
Law 96-8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.).
(ii) The options available to the Depart-
ment to support the defense budgeting and
procurement process of Taiwan in a manner
that facilitates sustained investment in ca-
SA 4479. Mr. ROMNEY submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add
DEFENSE TRADE DIALOGUE
PRIORITIZE AND EXPEDITE TRANS-
(iii) The feasibility and advisability, in-
policy options to support the enhancement
of the defensive asymmetric capabilities of
of Congress" means-
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Se-
lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Per-
manent Select Committee on Intelligence of
the House of Representatives.
(2) DEFENSIVE ASYMMETRIC CAPABILITIES.—
The term
"defensive
asymmetric
capabili-
ties" means the capabilities necessary to de-
fend Taiwan
against conventional
external
threats, including coastal defense missiles,
naval mines, anti-aircraft capabilities, cyber
defenses, and special operations forces.
SA 4481. Mr. ROMNEY (for himself
and Mr. KELLY) submitted an amend-
intended to be proposed
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add
SEC. 1253. ENHANCING DEFENSIVE ASYMMETRIC
FINDINGS.—Congress finds the fol-
(1) President Xi of the People's Republic of
(A) declared that reunification of the Peo-
ties, including through the transfer of intel-
property, co-development, or co-pro-
The Secretary of State shall-
(1) not later than 60 days after the date on
1245(C) is submitted, initiate a defense trade
(II) establishing a permanent fund to sup-
port regular investment by Taiwan in defen-
sive asymmetric capabilities.
(iv) The plans, tactics, techniques, and pro-
cedures underpinning the defensive asym-
metric capabilities of Taiwan.
(v) The interoperability of current and fu-
ture defensive
Taiwan with the military capabilities of the
United States and its allies and partners.
(vi) Any other matter the Secretary con-
siders appropriate.
prioritizing and expediting the transfer of
asymmetric capabilities to
plan for assisting Taiwan in
defensive asymmetric capabilities that
(2) not later than 90 days after the date on
which such dialogue is initiated, and every 90
(1) recommendations for new Department
authorities, or modifications to existing De-
partment authorities, necessary to improve
the defensive asymmetric capabilities of Tai-
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House
of Representatives with a briefing on the sta-
tions Act (Public Law 96-8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et
SA 4480. Mr. ROMNEY submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
(2) an identification of opportunities-
(A) for key leader and subject matter ex-
pert engagement between Department per-
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
(B) to provide necessary
support for the
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
through appropriate training; and
Defense, for military construction, and
(3) an identification of challenges and op-
for defense activities of
the Depart- portunities for leveraging
(B) not excluded using force as a means to
accomplish such reunification.
(2) The People's Republic of China is tak-
through frequent air incursions, including by
sending 149 airplanes from
public of China into the air defense zone of
Taiwan from October 1 through October 4,
(3) The defense policy of the United States
towards Taiwan continues to be governed by
the Taiwan Relations Act of 1979 (Public Law
(b) STATEMENT OF POLICY.-It is the policy
of the United States to support efforts by
Taiwan to defend itself from aggression and
the potential use of force by the People's Re-
public of China by enhancing its defensive
(C) ASSESSMENT OF DEFENSIVE ASYMMETRIC
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary
in coordination
with the Secretary of State, the Director of
National Intelligence, and the head of any
other Federal department or agency the Sec-
shall submit to the appropriate
sional committees a report on the defensive

===== PAGE 177 =====
{"alpha_words": 1267, "chars": 8717, "method": "ocr", "page": 177, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7984
asymmetric capabilities of Taiwan and op-
tions for the United States to enhance such
capabilities.
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required under
paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) A
comprehensive description
and as-
sessment of scenarios and likely outcomes
with
respect
to
possible
use
of force
against Taiwan by the People's Republic of
China,
compiled from existing
descriptions
and assessments from Federal departments
and agencies.
(B) An assessment of the defensive asym-
metric capabilities of Taiwan, including—
(i) a description and assessment of the cur-
rent
defensive
asymmetric capabilities of
Taiwan; and
(ii) a description of the defensive asym-
metric capabilities necessary for Taiwan to
successfully alter scenarios and likely
comes with respect to a possible use of force
by the People's Republic of China against
Taiwan, including the estimated cost of such
capabilities.
(C) An assessment of options for the United
States to support Taiwan's
eting and procurement process in a manner
that facilitates sustained investment in ca-
pabilities aligned with the asymmetric de-
fense strategy of Taiwan, including—
(1) a review of technical advisory options
for enhancing defense budgeting across mili-
tary services in Taiwan;
(ii) an
evaluation of any administrative,
institutional, or personnel barrier,
United States or Taiwan, to implementing
the options described in clause (i);
(iii) an evaluation of the most appropriate
entities within the Department of Defense to
lead such options;
(iv) an evaluation of the appropriate enti-
ties within the Ministry of National Defense
of Taiwan and the National Security Council
of Taiwan to participate in such options; and
(v) a description of additional personnel,
resources, and authorities in Taiwan or the
United States that may be required to imple-
ment such options.
(D) An assessment of the merits, including
any potential risks or costs,
options to support the enhancement of the
defensive asymmetric capabilities of Taiwan
identified under subparagraph (B)(ii), includ-
ing-
(i) assisting Taiwan in
duction
of
the domestic pro-
through the transfer of intellectual property
or co-development or co-production arrange-
ments; and
(ii) establishing a permanent fund to sup-
port regular investment by Taiwan in such
capabilities.
(E) With respect to each element required
by subparagraphs (A) through (D), a descrip-
tion of any lack of consensus and alternative
views and analyses.
(d) STRATEGY FOR ENGAGEMENT WITH TAI-
WAN TO ENHANCE DEFENSIVE ASYMMETRIC CA-
-Not later than 60 days after the
date on which the report required under sub-
section (c) is submitted, the Secretary of De-
fense, in coordination with the Secretary of
State and the Director of National Intel-
ligence, shall submit to the appropriate con-
gressional committees a report detailing a
strategy for engagement with Taiwan to en-
hance the defensive asymmetric capabilities
of Taiwan, including
with Taiwan to support the enhancement of
the defensive asymmetric capabilities identi-
fied under subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii); and
(2) support for the successful deployment
of such capabilities by Taiwan, including
METRIC CAPABILITIES TO TAIWAN.—Not later
than 60 days after the date on which the re-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
port required under subsection (d) is sub- ery systems to facilitate the fielding of mod-
mitted, the Secretary of State shall-
ernized replacements;
(1) initiate negotiations with Taiwan with
(3)
nuclear
weapons that are
retired
or
the goal of significantly increasing the sale
awaiting
dismantlement as of January 1,
Taiwan of the defensive asymmetric capa-
2021; or
bilities
identified
under
subsection
(4) reductions made pursuant to a treaty
(c) (2)(B)(ii); and
with respect to which the Senate
has pro-
(2) every 180 days after the initiation of
vided its advice and consent pursuant to ar-
such negotiations,
brief the appropriate con-
ticle II,
section 2, clause 2 of the Constitu-
gressional committees on the status of such
tion of the United States.
negotiations.
(C) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1)
FORM
OF
REPORTS.—The
reports
re-
(1) NEW START TREATY.—The term 'New
quired under this section shall be submitted
START Treaty" means the Treaty
between
in classified form but may include an unclas-
the United States of America and the Rus-
sified annex.
sian Federation on Measures for the Further
(g)
APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Of-
TEES DEFINED.—The term
"appropriate con-
fensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and en-
gressional committees" means
tered into force on February 5, 2011.
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the
(2) STRATEGIC DELIVERY SYSTEM.-
Select Committee on Intelligence, the Com-
"strategic delivery
mittee on Foreign Relations,
mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the
(A) LGM-30G Minuteman III interconti-
nental ballistic missiles and any associated
the Committee on
and the Committee on Appropriations of the
SA 4482. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself,
Mr. CoRNyN, Mr. CRAMER, Mr. COTTON,
Mr. MARSHALL,
TUBERVILLE, Mr. ScoTT of Florida, Mr.
HAWLEY, Mr. INHOFE, Mr. GRAHAM, Mrs.
BLackBuRN, Mr. KENNEDY, Mr. TILLIS,
THune) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment
SA 3867 submitted by Mr. REED and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R.
fiscal year 2022 for military activities
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
of the Department of Energy,
strengths for such fiscal year, and for
other purposes; which was ordered to
lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle C of title XV, add the
SEC. 1548. PROHIBITION ON THE USE OF FUNDS
UNITED STATES
(a) PROHIBITION.—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated to the Department of
National Nuclear Security
Administration for any of fiscal years 2022
through 2027 may be obligated or expended to
reduce
(1) the total quantity of strategic delivery
systems below the quantity of such systems
as of January 1, 2021;
(2) the quantity
of deployed or non-de-
ployed strategic delivery systems below the
quantities
described as the
'Final New
START Treaty Force Structure' in the plan
on the implementation of the New START
Treaty required by section 1042 of the
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal
Year 2012 (Public Law 112-81; 125 Stat. 1575);
(3) the size of the nuclear weapons stock-
pile below the size of the stockpile as of Jan-
EXCEPTIONS.—The prohibition
subsection (a) does not apply to-
(1) reductions made to ensure the safety,
security, reliability, and credibility
nuclear weapons stockpile and strategic de-
livery systems, including activities related
(B) Launch facilities for LGM-30G Minute-
man III intercontinental ballistic missiles,
whether deployed or non-deployed
(C) Ohio-class fleet ballistic missile sub-
UGM-133 Trident
launched ballistic missiles and any associ-
(E) B-52H Stratofortress long-range heavy
(F) B-2A Spirit stealth bombers.
(G) AGM-86B air-launched cruise missiles.
SA 4483. Mr. WARNER (for himself,
Mr. RUBIO, Mrs. FEINSTEIN, Mr. BURR,
Mr. WyDeN, Mr. RIscH, Mr. HEINRICH,
Ms. CollIns, Mr. KING, Mr. CoTToN, Mr.
BENNET, Mr. Cornyn, Mr. CASEY,
GILLIBRAND, and Mr. SASSE) submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022 for
military activities of the Department
for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy,
to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
SEC.
• DESIGNATION OF SENATOR ROY
BLUNT GEOSPATIAL LEARNING CEN-
TER.
(a) DESIGNATION.—The Geospatial Learning
Center in the Next NGA West facility in St.
Louis, Missouri, shall after the date of the
enactment of this Act be known and des-
ignated
as
the
"Senator
Roy
Blunt
Geospatial Learning Center'.
REFERENCES.—Any reference in
other record of the United States
Geospatial Learning Center in the Next NGA
West facility referred to in subsection (a)
shall be deemed to be a reference to
"Senator Roy
Blunt Geospatial Learning
SA 4484. Mr. LUJAN (for himself, Mr.
Cruz, Mr. HEINRICH, Mr. BOOKER,
Mr. MENENDEZ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
testing, and maintenance of nuclear weapons
and strategic delivery systems;
(2) temporary reductions in the quantity of
military activities of the Department
nuclear weapons or deployed strategic deliv- of Defense, for military construction,

===== PAGE 178 =====
{"alpha_words": 1228, "chars": 8388, "method": "ocr", "page": 178, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
and for defense activities of the De- known
as the "Infrastructure Transaction
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
and Assistance Network", under which the
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
consultation with
other relevant Federal agencies,
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the
ture Coordinating Committee, may carry out
various programs to advance the develop-
SEC. 356. REPORT ON PROGRESS OF AIR FORCE
REGARDING CONTAMINATED REAL
quality infrastructure in the Indo-Pacific re-
(a) SENSE OF SENATE.—It is the sense of the
(1) certain property on or near Air Force
facilities located in the United States are
perfluorooctanoic acid and
perfluorooctane
threatens the jobs, lives, and livelihoods of
citizens and livestock who live in contami-
(3) property owners, especially those facing
severe financial hardship, cannot wait any
longer for the Air Force to acquire contami-
nated property; and
Secretary of the Air Force should,
in an expeditious manner, use the authority
under section 344 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public
Law 116-92; 10 U.S.C. 2701 note) to acquire
contaminated property, remediate or dispose
of it pursuant to Federal and State environ-
mental laws, and provide relocation assist-
grams to improve project evaluation proc-
esses, regulatory and procurement environ-
and project preparation capacity of
that are partners of the United
States in such development;
(2) providing transaction advisory services
and project preparation assistance to sup-
port sustainable infrastructure; and
States assistance for the development of in-
frastructure, including infrastructure that
and services, and catalyzing investment led
by the private sector.
(b) TRANSACTION ADVISORY FUND.—As part
of the "Infrastructure Transaction and As-
section (a), the Secretary of State is author-
ized to provide support, including through
the Transaction Advisory Fund, for advisory
services to help boost the capacity of partner
to evaluate contracts and
the financial and environmental impacts of
potential infrastructure projects, including
through providing services such as
(2) project preparation and feasibility stud-
(3) debt sustainability analyses;
(4) bid or proposal evaluation; and
(5) other services relevant to advancing the
development of sustainable, transparent, and
high-quality infrastructure.
(C) STRATEGIC INFRASTRUCTURE FUND.
(1) IN GENERAL.—As part of the 'Infrastruc-
ture Transaction and Assistance Network"
described under subsection (a), the Secretary
of State is authorized to provide support, in-
cluding through the Strategic Infrastructure
Fund, for technical assistance, project prepa-
ration, pipeline development,
frastructure project support.
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, insert
SEC. 1283. LIMITATION ON UNITED STATES CON-
TRIBUTIONS TO PEACEKEEPING OP-
ERATIONS NOT AUTHORIZED BY THE
UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUN-
The United Nations Participation Act of
1945 (22 U.S.C. 287 et seq.) is amended by add-
ing at the end the following new section:
"SEC. 12. LIMITATION ON UNITED STATES CON-
TRIBUTIONS TO PEACEKEEPING OP-
ERATIONS NOT AUTHORIZED BY THE
UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUN-
''None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated or otherwise made available to pay
assessed and other expenses of international
peacekeeping activities under this Act may
be made available for an international peace-
that has not been
pressly authorized by the United Nations Se-
curity Council.".
SA 4487. Mr. RISCH submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add
SEC. 1283. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit
to the Committees on Armed Services of the
Senate and the House of Representatives a
report on the progress of the Air Force in
carrying out section 344 of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020
(Public Law 116-92; 10 U.S.C. 2701 note).
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required under
(A) a detailed description of any real prop-
erty contaminated by perfluorooctanoic acid
and perfluorooctane sulfonate by activities
(B) a description of any progress made by
the Secretary of the Air Force to acquire and
remediate or dispose of property pursuant to
and State environmental laws
structure Fund should be used in coordina-
tion with the Department of Defense,
section 344 of the National Defense Author-
International Development Finance Corpora-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law
tion, like-minded donor partners, and multi-
116-92; 10 U.S.C. 2701 note); and
(C) if the Secretary of the Air Force has
joint infrastructure projects in the Indo-Pa-
not acquired and remediated or disposed of
property pursuant to Federal and State envi-
ronmental laws or provided relocation assist-
to such section, an expla-
nation of why not.
(3) STRATEGIC INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS.-
the Strategic
structure Fund should be used to support
strategic infrastructure projects that are in
the national security interest of the United
States and vulnerable to strategic competi-
SA 4485. Mr. RISCH submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
(d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.-
authorized to be appropriated, for
each of fiscal years 2022 to 2026, $75,000,000 to
ance Network, of which $20,000,000 is to be
provided for the Transaction Advisory Fund.
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, ada
SA 4486. Mr. RISCH
submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
SEC. 1253. INFRASTRUCTURE TRANSACTION AND
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
(a) AUTHORITY.—The Secretary of State is
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
authorized to establish an initiative, to be
personnel strengths
ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-
wise made available for fiscal year 2022 may
be obligated or expended to implement any
activity relating to the construction, repair,
restoration, or assessment of the Arab Gas
(b) CERTIFICATION —The Secretary of state
may waive the application of subsection (a)
if, not less than 30 days before the date on
which an activity described in that sub-
section is proposed to commence, the sec-
retary of State certifies to the appropriate
committees of Congress in writing that the
implementation of the activity does not-
(1) knowingly provide significant financial,
material, or technological support to, or in-
volve knowingly engaging in a significant
Government of Syria (including
any entity owned or controlled by the Gov-
ernment of Syria) or a senior political figure
of the Government of Syria;
(B) a foreign person who is a military con-
knowingly operating in a military capacity
inside Syria for, or on behalf of, the Govern-
ment of Syria, the Government of the Rus-
sian Federation, or the Government of Iran;
(C) a foreign person subject to sanctions
Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)
with respect to Syria or any other provision
of law that imposes sanctions with respect to
(2) knowingly involve the sale or provision
of significant goods, services, technology, in-
significantly facilitate the maintenance, re-
pair, or expansion of the Government of Syr-
ia's domestic production of natural gas, pe-

===== PAGE 179 =====
{"alpha_words": 1167, "chars": 8080, "method": "ocr", "page": 179, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S7986
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
pipelines that facilitate the transit of energy
gains regarding the rule of law, counterter-
into neighboring countries; or
rorism, and the rights of women and girls, it
(3) require a waiver under the Caesar Syria
Civilian Protection Act of 2019 (Public Law
national legitimacy on the world stage.
116-92; 133 Stat. 2291; 22 U.S.C. 8791 note).
(5) In April 2021, Secretary of State Antony
(C) REPORT.-
-Not later than 90 days after
Blinken stated,
"I can say very clearly and
the date of the enactment of this Act,
categorically that an Afghanistan that does
Secretary of State shall submit to the appro-
not respect [the rights of women and girls],
priate
committees of
Congress
a report
that does not sustain the gains we've made,
that—
will be a pariah."
(1) details United States efforts to work
(6) Despite the freeze in funding, the World
with other governments in the region to de-
velop a plan for the distribution of gas sup-
plies to Lebanon in a manner that reduces
(A) remains firmly committed to assisting
Lebanon's dependence on Iran;
(2)
assesses
the
extent to
which alter-
(B) is 'exploring ways [through which the
natives to the Arab Gas Pipeline were pur-
World Bank] can remain engaged to preserve
sued and considered feasible;
hard-won development gains and continue to
(3) includes a comprehensive overview of
support the people of Afghanistan."
the key sources of Lebanon's gas supply be-
(b) STATEMENT OF POLICY. -It is the policy
of the United States to oppose the extension
(4) the response of the Administration to
fuel from Iran entering Lebanon, particu-
November 4, 2021
(L) the Inter-American Investment Cor-
(d) RESTRICTING INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
INSTITUTION ASSISTANCE TO THE TALIBAN.—
(1) IN GENERAL.
(5) a list of entities involved in the produc-
tion and transport of fuel from Syria to Leb-
(d) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS
"appropriate commit-
tees of Congress" means-
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations
and the Committee on Armed Services of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs and
House of Representatives.
SA 4488. Mr. RISCH submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title XII of divi-
or instrumentality of the Govern-
ment of Afghanistan that is under the direc-
tion or control of the Taliban, or any mem-
ber of the Taliban until the Taliban has-
(1) publicly and privately broken all ties
other terrorist groups, including
(2) verifiably prevented the use of Afghani-
against the United States or against part-
ners or allies of the United States, including
by denying terrorist groups-
(A) sanctuary space in Afghanistan;
(B) transit through Afghan territory; and
(C) the use of Afghanistan for terrorist
training, planning, or equipping;
(3) provided humanitarian actors with full,
unimpeded access
to vulnerable populations
(A) instruct the United States Executive
Director of the World Bank Group to use the
vote, and influence of the United
(i) the extension by the International Fi-
nance Corporation of any loan, guarantee, or
other financial or technical assistance to—
(II) any agency or instrumentality of the
Government of Afghanistan under the direc-
tion or control of the Taliban; or
(III) any member of the Taliban; and
(ii) support by the International Finance
Corporation of a project that materially ben-
efits the Taliban in Afghanistan;
(B) instruct the United States Executive
Director of the European Bank for Recon-
struction and Development to use the voice,
vote, and influence of the United States to
(i) the extension by the Bank of any loan,
guarantee, or other financial or technical as-
(I) the Taliban;
(II) any agency or instrumentality of the
Government of Afghanistan under the direc-
tion or control of the Taliban; or
(III) a member of the Taliban; or
(ii) support by the Bank of a project that
materially benefits the Taliban in Afghani-
(C) instruct the United States Executive
Directors of all other international financial
to work with other key
donor countries to develop a coherent policy
approach that makes all future engagements
with and lending to the Taliban contingent
(i) publicly and privately breaking all ties
Taliban's toppling of the internationally rec-
ognized Government of Afghanistan,
rights abuses, donors suspended foreign aid
to Afghanistan, which accounts for approxi-
mately 40 percent of Afghanistan's gross do-
(2) Among the donors referred to in para-
graph (1) are international financial institu-
Fund, which froze the disbursement of more
serves allocated to Afghanistan because of
concerns related to the credibility and legit-
imacy of the Taliban rule.
(3) The World Bank,
which has committed
more
than $5,300,000,000 in reconstruction
and
development
funding
Ior
Afghanistan
since 2002, similarly suspended funding for
projects in Afghanistan, citing concerns over
how Taliban rule would impact 'the coun-
ty's
development prospects,
especially for
women".
(4)
Since Taliban rule
Afghanistan
threatens vital gains achieved in Afghani-
stan during the past 20 years, particularly
(4) respected freedom of movement, includ-
ing by facilitating
(A) the departure of foreign nationals, ap-
plicants for the special immigrant visa pro-
gram, and other at-risk Afghans by air or
land routes; and
(B) the safe, voluntary, and dignified re-
turn of displaced persons; and
(5) supported the establishment of an in-
clusive government of Afghanistan that re-
human rights, including the rights of women
(C) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
TEES.—The term "appropriate congressional
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
(B) the Committee on Appropriations of
Committee on Foreign Affairs of
the House of Representatives;
Committee on Appropriations of
the House of Representatives.
(2) INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTION.—
The term "international finance institution"
(A) the International Monetary Fund;
(B) the International Bank for Reconstruc-
tion and Development;
(C) the European Bank for Reconstruction
(D) the International Development Asso-
ciation;
(E) the International Finance Corporation;
(F) the Multilateral Investment Guarantee
Agency;
(G) the African Development Bank;
(H) the African Development Fund;
(I) the Asian Development Bank;
(J) the Inter-American Development Bank;
(K) the Bank for Economic Cooperation
and Development in the Middle East and
North Africa; and
ghanistan as a platform for terrorist attacks
against the United States or partners or al-
lies of the United States, including by deny-
(I) sanctuary space in Afghanistan;
(II) transit through Afghan territory; and
(III) the use of Afghanistan for terrorist
training, planning, or equipping;
(ill) providing humanitarian
full, unimpeded access to vulnerable popu-
lations throughout Afghanistan, without in-
(iv) respecting freedom of movement, in-
(I) the departure of foreign nationals, ap-
plicants for the special immigrant visa pro-
gram, and other at-risk Afghans by air or
voluntary, and dignified re-
turn of displaced persons; and
(v) supporting the establishment of an in-
clusive Government of Afghanistan that re-
the rule of law, press freedom,
human rights, including the rights of women
POSES.-The
restrictions
under
subpara-
graphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) shall not
apply with respect to transactions which are
integral to the provision of humanitarian as-
sistance in Aíghanistan.
(3) TERMINATION.—Paragraph (1) shall not
apply on or after the date that is 30 days
after date on which the President determines
and certifies to the appropriate
congres-
sional committees that the Taliban has com-
plied with all of the conditions set forth in
subsection (b).

===== PAGE 180 =====
{"alpha_words": 1285, "chars": 8779, "method": "ocr", "page": 180, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(e) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, and
every 180 days thereafter until the restric-
tions under subsection (d)(1) are terminated
pursuant to subsection (d)(3), the Secretary
of the Treasury and the Secretary of State,
after consultation with the Secretary of De-
fense, shall jointly submit a report to the ap-
propriate congressional committees that de-
scribes-
(1) the efforts of the United States Execu-
tive Directors of international financial in-
stitutions to
comply
responsibilities under subsection (d)(1);
(2) the status of the Taliban's adherence to
international human rights principles that
are recognized by the United States; and
(3) the degree to which the Taliban has met
its commitments under the peace agreement
signed by the United States and the Taliban
in Doha, Qatar on February 29, 2020.
SA 4489. Mr. RISCH submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of
the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title XII, insert
• AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO A COOPER-
ATIVE AGREEMENT TO PROTECT CI-
VILIANS IN SAUDI ARABIA AND THE
EMIRATES
FROM
WEAPONIZED UNMANNED
AERIAL
SYSTEMS.
(a) FINDINGS.—Congress
makes the fol-
lowing findings:
(1) The
Houthis in Yemen have signifi-
cantly intensified the number of cross-border
strikes against the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
since January 2021, using a combination of
increasingly sophisticated Unmanned Ariel
Vehicles (UAVs) and cruise missiles to target
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(7) The Houthi rebels have also made sig-
nificant advances in their domestic military
industrial capacity in recent years, drawing
on Iranian sourced components,
including
guidance systems to develop several new ad-
vanced platforms like the Burkan medium
range
ballistic missile and the
drone series that have extend the Houthi's
reach deep into Saudi Arabia.
The Houthi's
arsenal of in-
creasingly sophisticated drones, and ballistic
S7987
Arabia,
the United Arab Emirates, and
Yemen.
larly as relates to regional security, the safe-
ty of United states nationals, and the trajec-
tory of United Nations-led peace talks.
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.-
-It is the sense of
(1) the United States should improve co-
operation with allies and likeminded part-
ners to systematically map out, expose, and
disrupt missile and drone procurement net-
works used by the Iran-backed Houthi rebels
across the Kingdom with unprecedented fre-
quency.
The United Nations has noted the
Houthis have deployed extended long-range
UAVs with the capacity to strike deep into
Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates
(3)
January and April 2021, the
Houthis launched upward of 150 UAVs into
Saudi Arabia,
Saudi Arabia's sovereignty and security,
well as the lives of more than 70,000 United
States nationals living there.
sponded to
a realistic peace proposal
sented by the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia,
March
stronger and harsher military attacks in the
coming period.".
(5) United States Government officials, in-
cluding Special Envoy Timothy Lenderking,
have publically underscored the crucial role
the Government of Iran plays in driving this
growing and continuous threat that ema-
nates from the Houthis in Yemen.
(6) According to United States officials and
United Nations experts, the Government of
Iran,
alongside
Lebanese
proxy,
Hezbollah, are providing sophisticated weap-
ons systems and military training to the
Houthis,
including technical
assistance on
the development and employment of UAVs
and ballistic missiles.
States in the Arabian Peninsula face urgent
and emerging threats from unmanned aerial
systems and other unmanned aerial vehicles;
research and development to
counter unmanned aerial systems will serve
the national security interests of the United
States and its partners in the Arabian Penin-
(4) development of counter Unmanned Air-
craft Systems (UAS) technology will reduce
the impacts of these attacks,
build
deter-
rence, and increase regional stability;
(5) the United states and partners in the
Arabian Peninsula should continue to work
together to protect United States citizens
and personnel in the Middle East and civil-
ians in the Arabian Peninsula in the face of
the threat from unmanned aerial systems;
and
(6) the United States Government should
use all leverage at its disposal to pressure
the Houthis to de-escalate cross border at-
tacks, cease
their offensive in
Marib, and
meaningfully engage in United Nations-led
(C) AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO AGREE-
(1) IN GENERAL.—The President is author-
enter into a
cooperative project
agreement with countries in the Arabian Pe-
ninsula under the authority of section 27 of
the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2767)
out research on and development,
testing, evaluation, and joint production (in-
cluding follow-on support) of defense articles
and defense services to detect, track, and de-
stroy armed unmanned aerial systems that
threaten the United States and its partners
(2) APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS.—The
erative project agreement described in para-
(A) shall provide that any
ried out pursuant to the agreement are sub-
(i) the applicable requirements described in
subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of section
27(b)(2) of the Arms Export Control Act; and
(ii) any other applicable requirements of
the Arms Export Control Act with respect to
fense articles and defense services under that
an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add
SEC. 1253. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS
FOR COUNTERING CHINESE INFLU-
(a) COUNTERING CHINESE INFLUENCE FUND.—
each of fiscal
through 2026 for the Countering Chinese In-
ence of the Chinese Communist Party glob-
ally. Amounts appropriated pursuant to this
authorized
to
remain
available until expended and shall be in addi-
tion to amounts otherwise authorized to be
appropriated to counter such influence.
(b)
CONSULTATION
REQUIRED.—The
obliga-
tion of funds appropriated or otherwise made
available to counter the malign influence of
the Chinese Communist Party globally shall
be
subject to prior
consultation with,
and
consistent with section 634A of the Foreign
Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2394-1), the
regular notification procedures of—
(1) the Committee on
Foreign Relations
and the Committee on Appropriations of the
Senate; and
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
the Committee
Appropriations of
the
House of Representatives.
(C) POLICY GUIDANCE,
COORDINATION, AND
(1) COORDINATOR.—The Secretary of State
shall designate an existing senior official of
the Department at the rank of Assistant
Secretary or above to provide policy
guid-
ance, coordination, and approval for the obli-
gation of funds authorized pursuant to sub-
1) DUTIES.—The senior official designate
ursuant to paragraph (1) shall be respor
of specific strategic priorities for using the
funds authorized to be appropriated by sub-
section (a), such as geographic areas of focus
that funds are to be concentrated
consistent with the national interests of the
United States and the purposes of this divi-
tiate the rights to intellectual
property de-
veloped under the agreement.
(d)
RULE OF CONSTRUCTION WITH RESPECT
TO USE OF MILITARY FORCE.—Nothing in this
section may be construed as an authoriza-
tion for the use of military force.
(e) ARABIAN PENINSULA
DEFINED.—In this
section,
the
term
"Arabian
Peninsula"
means Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi
programming conducted using the funds au-
thorized to be appropriated by subsection (a),
based on a determination that such program-
ming directly counters the malign influence
of the Chinese Communist Party,
the Chinese Communist Party, pursuant to
the strategic objectives of the United States,
as established in the 2017 National Security
Strategy, the 2018 National Defense Strat-
egy, and other relevant national and re-
gional strategies as appropriate;
(C) ensuring
that all programming
ap-
proved bears a sufficiently direct nexus
to
such acts by the Chinese Communist Party
described in subsection (d) and adheres
to
the requirements outlined in subsection (e);
and

===== PAGE 181 =====
{"alpha_words": 1367, "chars": 9666, "method": "ocr", "page": 181, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
S7988

(D) conducting oversight, monitoring, and
evaluation of the effectiveness of all pro-
gramming conducted using the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by subsection (a) to
ensure that it advances United States inter-
ests and degrades the ability of the Chinese
Communist Party, to advance activities that
align with subsection (d) of this section.

(3) INTERAGENCY COORDINATION.—The senior
official designated pursuant to paragraph (1)
shall, in coordinating and approving pro-
gramming pursuant to paragraph (2), seek
to—

(A) conduct appropriate interagency con-
sultation; and

(B) ensure, to the maximum extent prac-
ticable, that all approved programming func-
tions in concert with other Federal activities
to counter the malign influence and activi-
ties of the Chinese Communist Party.

(4) ASSISTANT COORDINATOR.—The Adminis-
trator of the United States Agency for Inter-
national Development shall designate a sen-
ior official at the rank of Assistant Adminis-
trator or above to assist and consult with
the senior official designated pursuant to
paragraph (1).

(d) MALIGN INFLUENCE.—In this section, the
term ‘‘malign influence’’ with respect to the
Chinese Communist Party should be con-
strued to include acts conducted by the Chi-
nese Communist Party or entities acting on
its behalf that—

(1) undermine a free and open international
order;

(2) advance an alternative, repressive
international order that bolsters the Chinese
Communist Party’s hegemonic ambitions
and is characterized by coercion and depend-
ency;

(3) undermine the national security or sov-
ereignty of the United States or other coun-
tries; or

(4) undermine the economic security of the
United States or other countries, including
by promoting corruption.

(e) COUNTERING MALIGN INFLUENCE.—In this
section, countering malign influence
through the use of funds authorized to be ap-
propriated by subsection (a) shall include ef-
forts to—

(1) promote transparency and account-
ability, and reduce corruption, including in
governance structures targeted by the ma-
lign influence of the Chinese Communist
Party;

(2) support civil society and independent
media to raise awareness of and increase
transparency regarding the negative impact
of activities related to the Belt and Road Ini-
tiative and associated initiatives;

(3) counter transnational criminal net-
works that benefit, or benefit from, the ma-
lign influence of the Chinese Communist
Party;

(4) encourage economic development struc-
tures that help protect against predatory
lending schemes, including support for mar-
ket-based alternatives in key economic sec-
tors, such as digital economy, energy, and
infrastructure;

(5) counter activities that provide undue
influence to the security forces of the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China;

(6) expose misinformation and
disinformation of the Chinese Communist
Party’s propaganda, including through pro-
grams carried out by the Global Engagement
Center; and

(7) counter efforts by the Chinese Com-
munist Party to legitimize or promote au-
thoritarian ideology and governance models.

SA 4491. Mr. RISCH submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to

CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE

the bill H.R. 43850, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

At the end of subtitle E of title XII of divi-
sion A, add the following:

SEC. 1253. ANNUAL REVIEW ON THE PRESENCE
OF CHINESE COMPANIES IN UNITED
STATES CAPITAL MARKETS.

(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:

(1) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON-
GRESS.—The term ‘‘appropriate committees
of Congress’’ means—

(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
the Senate;

(B) the Select Committee on Intelligence
of the Senate;

(C) the Committee on Banking, Housing,
and Urban Affairs of the Senate;

(D) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of
the House of Representatives;

(EH) the Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence of the House of Representatives;
and

(F) the Committee on Financial Services of
the House of Representatives.

(2) PRC.—The term ‘‘PRC’’ means the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China.

(b) REPORT.—

(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and annually thereafter for the following 5
years, the Secretary of State, in consulta-
tion with the Director of National Intel-
ligence and the Secretary of the Treasury,
shall submit an unclassified report to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress that de-
scribes the risks posed to the United States
by the presence in United States capital
markets of companies incorporated in the
PRC.

(2) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—The report
required under paragraph (1) shall—

(A) identify companies incorporated in the
PRC that—

(i) are listed or traded on at least 1 stock
exchange within the United States, including
over-the-counter market and ‘“‘A Shares’’
added to indexes and exchange-traded funds
out of mainland exchanges in the PRC; and

(ii) based on the factors for consideration
described in paragraph (3), have knowingly
and materially contributed to—

(I) activities that undermine United States
national security;

(II) serious abuses of internationally recog-
nized human rights; or

(III) a substantially increased financial
risk exposure for United States-based inves-
tors;

(B) describe the activities of the companies
identified pursuant to subparagraph (A), and
the implications of such activities for the
United States; and

(C) develop policy recommendations for
the Federal Government, State governments,
United States financial institutions, United
States equity and debt exchanges, and other
relevant stakeholders to address the risks
posed by the presence in United States cap-
ital markets of the companies identified pur-
suant to subparagraph (A).

(3) FACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION.—In com-
pleting the report under paragraph (1), the
Secretary of State shall consider whether a
company identified pursuant to paragraph
(2)(A)—

(A) has materially contributed to the de-
velopment or manufacture, or sold or facili-
tated procurement by the People’s Libera-
tion Army of the PRC, of lethal military

November 4, 2021

equipment or component parts of such equip-
ment;

(B) has contributed to the construction
and militarization of features in the South
China Sea;

(C) has been sanctioned by the United
States or has been determined to have con-
ducted business with sanctioned entities;

(D) has engaged in an act or a series of acts
of intellectual property theft;

(HE) has engaged in corporate or economic
espionage;

(F) has contributed to the proliferation of
nuclear or missile technology in violation of
United Nations Security Council resolutions
or United States sanctions;

(G) has contributed to the repression of re-
ligious and ethnic minorities within the
PRC, including in Xinjiang Uyghur Autono-
mous Region or Tibet Autonomous Region;

(H) has contributed to the development of
technologies that enable censorship directed
or directly supported by the PRC govern-
ment;

(I) has failed to comply fully with Federal
securities laws (including required audits by
the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board) and ‘‘material risk’’ disclosure re-
quirements of the Securities and Exchange
Commission; or

(J) has contributed to other activities or
behavior determined to be relevant by the
Secretary of State.

(c) REPORT FORM.—The report required
under subsection (b)(1) shall be submitted in
unclassified form, but may include a classi-
fied annex.

(d) PUBLICATION.—The unclassified portion
of the report required under subsection (b)(1)
shall be made accessible to the public online
through relevant United States Government
websites.

SA 4492. Mr. RISCH submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 43850, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add
the following:

SEC. 1253. STATEMENT OF POLICY ON INDO-PA-
CIFIC REGION.

It shall be the policy of the United States
to—

(1) prioritize the Indo-Pacific region in
United States foreign policy, and prioritize
resources for achieving United States polit-
ical and military objectives in the region;

(2) exercise freedom of operations in the
international waters and airspace in the
Indo-Pacific maritime domains, which are
critical to the prosperity, stability, and se-
curity of the Indo-Pacific region;

(3) maintain forward-deployed forces in the
Indo-Pacific region, including a rotational
bomber presence, integrated missile defense
capabilities, long-range precision fires, un-
dersea warfare capabilities, and diversified
and resilient basing and rotational presence,
including support for pre-positioning strate-
gies;

(4) strengthen and deepen the alliances and
partnerships of the United States to build
capacity and capabilities, increase multilat-
eral partnerships, modernize communica-
tions architecture, address anti-access and
area denial challenges, and increase joint ex-
ercises and security cooperation efforts;

===== PAGE 182 =====
{"alpha_words": 1212, "chars": 8298, "method": "ocr", "page": 182, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(5) reaffirm the commitment and support land Chain and the Second Island Chain, in
of the United States for allies and partners
order to deter and prevent People's Republic
in the Indo-Pacific region, including long-
standing United States policy regarding—
maximize the United States ability to oper-
operation and Security between the United
States and Japan, signed at Washington Jan-
(B) Article III of the Mutual Defense Trea-
ty between the United States and the Repub-
lic of Korea, signed at Washington October 1,
(C) Article IV of the Mutual Defense Trea-
ty between the United States and the Repub-
lic of the Philippines, signed at Washington
August 30, 1951, including that, as the South
China Sea is part of the Pacific, any armed
attack on Philippine forces, aircraft or pub-
lic vessels in the South China Sea will trig-
ger mutual defense obligations under Article
IV of our mutual defense treaty;
(D) Article IV of the Australia, New Zea-
land, United States Security Treaty, done at
San Francisco September 1, 1951; and
(E) the Southeast Asia Collective Defense
Treaty, done at Manila September 8, 1954, to-
gether with the Thanat-Rusk Communique
(6) collaborate with United States treaty
allies in the Indo-Pacific to foster greater
tion with other regional partners;
(7) ensure the continuity of operations by
the United States Armed Forces in the Indo-
Pacific region, including, as appropriate,
order to reaffirm the principle of freedom of
operations in international waters
space in accordance with established prin-
ciples and practices of international law;
(8) sustain the Taiwan Relations Act (Pub-
lic Law 96-8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) and the
States to Taiwan in July 1982 as the founda-
States-Taiwan
and to deepen, to the fullest extent possible,
the extensive, close, and friendly relations of
the United States and Taiwan, including co-
operation to support the development of ca-
pable, ready, and modern forces
India, across Southeast Asia, and with other
(10) deter acts of aggression or coercion by
(E) strengthening extended deterrence
ensure that escalation against key United
States interests would be costly, risky, and
(F) collaborating with allies and partners
to accelerate their roles in more equitably
sharing the burdens of mutual defense,
cluding through the acquisition and fielding
of advanced capabilities and training that
will better enable them to repel People's Re-
public of China aggression or coercion; and
capacity of the United
States to impose prohibitive diplomatic, eco-
nomic, financial, reputational, and military
costs on the People's Republic of China for
acts of coercion or aggression,
defend itself and its allies regardless of the
point of origin of attacks against them.
SA 4493. Mr. RISCH submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
REED and intended to be
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add
REPORT ON CAPABILITY DEVELOP-
MENT OF INDO-PACIFIC ALLIES AND
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
(1) the Secretary of State should expand
and strengthen existing measures under the
Policy to provide capabilities to
partners consistent with
agreed-on division
of responsibility for alliance roles, missions
prioritizing allies and part-
ners in the Indo-Pacific region in accordance
with United States strategic imperatives;
(2) the United States should design for ex-
port to Indo-Pacific allies and partners capa-
bilities critical
to maintaining a favorable
military balance in
long-range precision fires, air and missile de-
fense systems, anti-ship cruise missiles, land
S7989
GENERAL.—Not later than 90
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State, in coordination with
the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the
appropriate committees of Congress a report
that describes United States priorities
building more capable security partners in
(2) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—The report
required under paragraph (1) shall-
military capabilities that Indo-Pacific allies
and partners must possess for the United
States to be able to achieve its military ob-
jectives in the Indo-Pacific region;
(B) identify, from the list referred to in
(A), the capabilities that are
best provided, or can only be provided, by
(i) actions required to prioritize United
States Government resources and personnel
to expedite fielding
fied in subparagraph (B); and
(ii) steps needed to fully account for and a
plan to integrate all means of United States
direct commercial
sales, security assistance, and all applicable
authorities of the Department of State and
the Department of Defense;
the requirements
States security assistance,
national Military Education and Training, in
the Indo-Pacific region,
means to deliver critical partner capability
requirements identified in subparagraph (B);
(E) assess the resources necessary to meet
the requirements for United States security
assistance, and identify resource gaps;
(F) assess the major obstacles to fulfilling
requirements for United States security as-
sistance in the Indo-Pacific region, including
resources and personnel limits, foreign legis-
lated to specific partner countries;
(G) identify limitations on
the United States to provide such capabili-
ties, including
those identified under sub-
paragraph (B), because of existing
policies, or other regulations;
(H) recommend improvements to the proc-
ess for developing requirements for United
States partner capabilities; and
(I) identify required jointly agreed
ommendations for infrastructure and pos-
cially along the First Island Chain and in the
Western Pacific, by showing People's Repub-
lic of China leaders that the United States
can and is willing to deny them the ability
to achieve their objectives, including by-
(A) consistently demonstrating the polit-
ical will of the United States to deepening
partnerships as a durable, asymmetric, and
unmatched strategic advantage to the Peo-
ple's Republic of China's growing
(B) maintaining a system
ployed bases in the Indo-Pacific region as the
most visible sign of United States resolve
and commitment to the region, and as plat-
forms to ensure United
readiness and advance interoperability with
(C) adopting a more dispersed force posture
Western Pacific, and pursuing maximum ac-
relocatable launchers for long-range cruise,
and hypersonic weapons through-
out the Indo-Pacific region;
networks to United States and allied forces,
ground-launched cruise missiles,
under sea and naval capabilities, and inte-
grated air and missile defense in the First Is-
(3) FORM.—The report required under this
subsection shall be unclassified, but may in-
and reconnaissance capabilities, and
command and control systems;
(3) the United States should pursue, to the
maximum extent possible, anticipatory tech-
nology security and foreign disclosure policy
on the systems described in paragraph (2);
with the Secretary of Defense, should-
(A) urge allies and partners to invest in
sufficient quantities of munitions to meet
need for accessing United States stocks in
or when necessary, to increase al-
lies' capacity to produce such munitions.
priate committees of Congress' means-
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations
and the Committee on Appropriations of the
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
SA 4494. Mr.
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department
Defense, for military construction, and
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII of divi-
SEC. 1253. INCREASING DEPARTMENT OF STATE
VOTED TO THE INDO-PACIFIC RE-
(a) FINDINGS.—Congress makes
(1) In fiscal year 2020, the Department of
State allocated $1,500,000,000 to the Indo-Pa-
cific region in bilateral and regional foreign

===== PAGE 183 =====
{"alpha_words": 1244, "chars": 8450, "method": "ocr", "page": 183, "variant": "plain-vision"}
assistance resources, including as authorized
by section 201(b) of the Asia Reassurance Ini-
Act of 2018 (Public Law 115-409; 132
Stat. 5391), and $798,000,000 in the diplomatic
resent only 5 percent of the diplomatic en-
gagement budget and only 4 percent of the
combined Department of State and United
(2) Between fiscal years 2017 through 2021,
the diplomatic engagement budget and per-
sonnel levels in the Indo-Pacific region aver-
aged only 5 percent of the total Department
of States budget, while foreign assistance re-
sources averaged only 4 percent of the total
resources committed worldwide.
(3) In 2020, the Department of State began
posts to ensure that its personnel footprint
the demands of great-power com-
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
(1) the size of the United States diplomatic
corps must be sufficient to meet the current
and emerging challenges of the 21st century,
including those posed by the People's Repub-
lic of China in the Indo-Pacific region and
(2) increases in the diplomatic corps must
Indo-Pacific strategy focused on strength-
ening the good governance and sovereignty
of states that adhere to and uphold the rules-
based international order; and
(3) increase in the diplomatic corps must
be implemented with a focus on increased
numbers of economic, political, and public
lative increase of at least 200 foreign service
officer generalists-
advance free, fair, and reciprocal
trade and open investment environments for
United States companies, and engaged in in-
creased commercial diplomacy in key mar-
(B) to better articulate and explain United
States policies;
(C) to strengthen civil society and demo-
(D) to enhance reporting on the People's
Republic of China's global activities;
(E) to promote people-to-people exchanges;
(F) to advance United States' influence in
the Indo-Pacific region; and
(G) to increase capacity at small- and me-
dium-sized embassies and consulates in the
around the world, as necessary.
(C) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It shall be the
(1) to ensure that Department of
funding levels and its personnel footprint in
high degree of importance and its signifi-
United States political, economic,
(2) to increase diplomatic engagement and
foreign assistance funding and the quantity
of personnel dedicated to the Indo-Pacific re-
gion respective to the Department of State's
(3) to increase the number of resident De-
the Indo-Pacific
particularly in locations where the People's
attache and the United States does not have
a resident military attache,
to ensure cov-
erage at all appropriate posts.
(d) ACTION PLAN.-
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State shall submit an ac-
tion plan to the appropriate committees of
Congress that—
United States strategic objectives in
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
Indo-Pacific region and the personnel and
budgetary resources needed to meet such ob-
jectives, assuming an unconstrained resource
(2) includes a plan for increasing the por-
the Department of State's budget
that is dedicated to
the Indo-Pacific region
in terms of diplomatic engagement and for-
eign assistance focused on development, eco-
nomic, and security assistance;
(3) includes a plan for increasing the num-
ber of positions at posts in the Indo-Pacific
the Indo-Pacific region, including
(A) a description of increases at each post
(B) a breakdown of increases by cone; and
(C) a description of how such increases in
personnel will advance United States stra-
tegic objectives in the Indo-Pacific region;
marks that the Department
meet in implementing the action plan; and
(5) describes any barriers to implementing
(e) UPDATES TO REPORT AND BRIEFING.—Not
later than 90 days after the submission of the
and quarterly thereafter until September 30,
2030, the Secretary of State shall submit an
priate committees of Congress on the imple-
mentation of
porting data, including a detailed assessment
of benchmarks that have been reached.
OF STATE CERTIFICATION.—
Not later than 2 years after the date of the
State shall submit a certification to the ap-
committees of Congress that indi-
cates whether or not the benchmarks de-
subsection (a) have been met. This certifi-
cation requirement may not be delegated to
another Department of State official.
(g) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—There is authorized to be
appropriated, for fiscal year 2022—
(A) $2,000,000,000 for bilateral and regional
foreign assistance resources to carry out the
purposes of part 1 and chapter 4 of part II of
the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C.
2151 et seq. and 2346 et seq.) in the Indo-Pa-
(B) $1,250,000,000 for diplomatic engagement
resources to the Indo-Pacific region.
PURSUANT TO ASIA REASSURANCE INITIATIVE
ACT OF 2018.—Amounts authorized to be ap-
propriated under paragraph (1) include the
that were authorized to be appro-
priated under section 201(b) of the Asia Reas-
surance Initiative Act of 2018 (Public Law
November 4, 2021
tagiousness, or transmissibility of viruses or
bacteria, including any research anticipated
pathogens, if such research involves a for-
eign entity that is subject to the jurisdiction
of any of the following countries:
(1) The People's Republic of China.
(3) The Islamic Republic of Iran.
(4) The Democratic People's Republic of
(5) The Syrian Arab Republic.
(6) Any other country specified in the re-
port assessing compliance with the Biologi-
cal Weapons Convention, as required by sec-
mament Act (22 U.S.C. 2583a(a)) in the rel-
evant calendar year.
4496. Mr. RISCH submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add
SEC. 1253. REPORT ON DIPLOMATIC OUTREACH
TARY INSTALLATIONS OVERSEAS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State, in consultation with
the Secretary of Defense, shall submit a re-
port to the appropriate committees of Con-
gress regarding United States diplomatic en-
gagement with other nations that host or are
tion of the Government of the People's Re-
(b) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—The report
required under subsection (a) shall include-
(1) a list of countries that currently host or
are considering hosting any military instal-
lation of the Government of the People's Re-
public of China;
(2) a detailed description of United States
SA 4495. Mr.
RISCH submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
PROHIBITION WITH RESPECT TO
CERTAIN TYPES OF LIFE SCIENCES
No Federal funds may be obligated or ex-
for the purpose of conducting
search that increases the pathogenicity, con-
military installation of the Government of
the People's Republic of China, and the re-
(3) an assessment of the adverse impact on
United States interests of the Government of
the People's Republic of China
establishing a military installation at any of
the locations it is currently considering;
(4) a description and list of any commer-
cial ports outside of the People's Republic of
China that the United States Government
assesses could be used by the Government of
the People's Republic of China for military
and any diplomatic efforts to en-
gage the governments of the countries where
such ports are located;
(5) the impact of the military installations
of the Government of the People's Republic
of China on United States interests; and
(6) lessons learned from the diplomatic ex-
perience of addressing the People's Republic
of China's first overseas base in Djibouti.
(C) FORM OF REPORT.—The report required
under subsection (a) shall be classified, but
may include a unclassified summary.
4497. Mr. RISCH submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to

===== PAGE 184 =====
{"alpha_words": 1254, "chars": 8873, "method": "ocr", "page": 184, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for
defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel
strengths for
such
fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
the following:
SEC.
• REPORT ON NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY
AND INDUSTRIAL BASE.
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that—
(1) a more streamlined, shared, and coordi-
nated approach,
which leverages
economies
of scale with major allies, is necessary for
the United States to retain its lead in de-
fense technology;
(2)
allowing
for the export,
re-export,
or
transfer of defense-related technologies and
services to members of the national tech-
nology and industrial base (as defined in sec-
tion
2500 of title 10,
United
States
Code)
would advance United States security inter-
ests by helping to leverage the defense-re-
lated technologies and skilled workforces of
trusted allies
to reduce the dependence on
other
countries,
including
countries
that
pose challenges to United States interests
around the world, for defense-related innova-
tion and investment; and
(3) it is in the interest of the United States
to continue to increase cooperation with
Australia,
Canada, and the United Kingdom
of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to pro-
tect critical defense-related technology and
services and leverage the investments of
like-minded, major ally nations in
maximize the strategic edge afforded by de-
fense technology innovation.
(b) REPORT.-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State shall submit a report
to the appropriate congressional committees
that-
(A) describes the Department of State's ef-
forts to facilitate access among the national
technology and industrial base to defense ar-
ticles
subject to
States Munitions List under section 38(a)(1)
of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C.
(B) identifies foreign legal and regulatory
challenges, as well as foreign policy or other
challenges or considerations that prevent or
frustrate these efforts, to include any gaps in
the respective export control regimes imple-
mented by United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Northern Ireland, Australia, or Canada.
(2) FORM.—This report required under para-
graph (1) shall be unclassified, but may in-
TEES DEFINED.—In this section,
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
SA 4198. Mr. RISCH submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such fiscal
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
S7991
year, and for other purposes; which was
REED and intended to be proposed to
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
the following:
tary activities of the Department of
SEC. 1253. INFRASTRUCTURE TRANSACTION AND
Defense, for military construction, and
ASSISTANCE NETWORK.
for defense activities of the Depart-
(a) AUTHORITY.—The Secretary of State is
authorized to establish
an initiative,
to be
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
known
as the Infrastructure
Transaction
personnel strengths
for
such
fiscal
and Assistance Network", under which the
year, and for other purposes; which was
Secretary
of State,
in
consultation
with
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
other relevant Federal agencies, including
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add
those represented on the Global Infrastruc-
the following:
ture Coordinating Committee, may carry out
various
programs
to
SEC. 1237. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF
advance the develop-
LIMITATION
ON
MILITARY
CO-
ment of sustainable,
transparent, and high-
OPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED
quality infrastructure in the Indo-Pacific re-
STATES AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERA-
gion by-
TION.
(1)
strengthening capacity-building pro-
(a) EXTENSION.
—Subsection (a) of section
grams to improve project evaluation proc-
1232 of the National Defense Authorization
esses, regulatory and procurement environ-
Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114-328;
ments, and project preparation capacity of
130 Stat.
2488) is amended by striking
"or
countries
that
are partners of the United
2021" and inserting '2021, or 2022"
States in such development;
(b) WAIVER.—Subsection (C)(2) of such sec-
(2) providing transaction advisory services
tion is amended to read as follows:
and project preparation assistance to sup-
'(2) not later than 15 days before the date
port sustainable infrastructure; and
on which the waiver takes effect, and every
(3) coordinating the
provision of United
90 days thereafter, submits to the appro-
States assistance for the development of in-
priate congressional committees-
frastructure,
including infrastructure that
'(A) a notification that the waiver is in
utilizes United
States-manufactured
goods
the national security interest of the United
and services,
and catalyzing investment led
States and a description of the national se-
by the private sector.
curity interest covered by the waiver during
(b) TRANSACTION ADVISORY FUND.—As part
the applicable reporting period;
of the 'Infrastructure Transaction and As-
'(B) a description of any condition or pre-
section (a), the Secretary of State is author-
ized to provide support, including through
the Transaction Advisory Fund, for advisory
services to help boost the capacity of partner
the financial and environmental impacts of
potential infrastructure projects, including
through providing services such as-
(2) project preparation and feasibility stud-
(3) debt sustainability analyses;
(4) bid or proposal evaluation; and
(5) other services relevant to advancing the
development of sustainable, transparent, and
high-quality infrastructure.
(C) STRATEGIC INFRASTRUCTURE FUND.—
(1) IN GENERAL.
-As part of the "Infrastruc-
ture Transaction and Assistance Network"
described under subsection (a), the Secretary
of State is authorized to provide support, in-
cluding through the Strategic Infrastructure
Fund, for technical assistance, project prepa-
development, and other in-
frastructure project support.
INFRASTRUCTURE
structure Fund should be used in coordina-
with the Department of Defense,
International Development Finance Corpora-
tion, like-minded donor partners, and multi-
lateral banks,
joint infrastructure projects in the Indo-Pa-
(3) STRATEGIC INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS.
Funds authorized
Fund should be used to
strategic infrastructure projects that are in
the national security interest of the United
States and vulnerable to strategic competi-
(d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.
There is authorized to be appropriated, for
each of fiscal years 2022 to 2026, $75,000,000 to
the Infrastructure Transaction and Assist-
provided for the Transaction Advisory Fund.
on military cooperation between the United
States and the Russian Federation;
'(C) a description of the results achieved
by United States-Russian Federation mili-
porting period and an assessment of whether
such results meet the national security ob-
jectives described under subparagraph (A);
'(D) a description of the measures in place
counterintelligence
ational security concerns and an assessment
submitted in classified form as necessary;
'(E) a report explaining why the Secretary
of Defense
cannot
make the certification
under subsection (a).".
SA 4500. Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr.
PORTMAN, Mr. CRUZ, Mr. BARRASSO, Mr.
JOHNSON, and Mr. CoTTON) submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022
activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add
SEC. 1237. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-
(a) IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS.-
-Not later than 15
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
(A) impose sanctions under paragraph (2)
responsible for planning,
Stream 2 pipeline or a successor entity; and
SA 4499. Mr. RISCH submitted an
(ii) any other corporate officer of or prin-
amendment intended to be proposed to
cipal shareholder with a controlling interest
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
in an entity described in clause (i); and

===== PAGE 185 =====
{"alpha_words": 1160, "chars": 8144, "method": "ocr", "page": 185, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(B) impose sanctions under paragraph (3)
the authority or a requirement to impose
with respect to any entity responsible for
construction,
sanctions on the importation of goods.
or operation of the
(ii) GOOD DEFINED.—In this subparagraph,
Nord Stream 2 pipeline or a successor entity.
the term "good" means any article, natural
(2) INELIGIBILITY FOR VISAS,
or man-made substance, material,
manufactured product, including inspection
PORATE OFFICERS.-
and test equipment, and excluding technical
(i) VISAS, ADMISSION, OR PAROLE.—An alien
described in paragraph (1)(A) is-
(I) inadmissible to the United States;
documentation to enter the United States;
(III) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or
paroled into the United States or to receive
any other benefit under the Immigration and
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.).
(ii) CURRENT VISAS REVOKED.
documentation of an alien described in para-
graph (1)(A) shall be revoked, regardless of
when such visa or other entry documenta-
tion is or was issued.
(6) SUNSET.—The authority to impose sanc-
tions under this subsection shall terminate
on the date that is 5 years after the date of
(7) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection:
have the meanings given those terms in sec-
tion 101 of the Immigration and Nationality
November 4, 2021
'(I)(aa) the value of the gift or contract
equals or exceeds $1,000,000; or
"(bb) the institution receives, directly or
indirectly, more than one gift from or enters
into more than one contract,
directly, with the same foreign person for
the same purpose the aggregate
which, during the period of 2 consecutive cal-
endar years, equals or exceeds $1,000,000; and
'(II) the gift or contract
development, or
production of critical technologies and pro-
vides the foreign person potential access to
any material nonpublic
technical informa-
tion (as defined in subparagraph (D)(ii)) in
the possession of the institution; or
"(bb) is a restricted or conditional gift or
contract (as defined in section 117(h) of the
1011f(h))) that establishes control."; and
(C) by adding at the end the following:
'(G) FOREIGN GIFTS TO AND CONTRACTS WITH
INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION.—For pur-
poses of subparagraph (B)(vi):
"(i) CONTRACT.—The term 'contract' means
chase, lease, or barter of property or services
by a foreign person,
for the direct benefit or
"(ii) GIFT.—The term 'gift' means any gift
(aa) take effect immediately; and
(bb) automatically cancel any other valid
visa or entry documentation that is in the
OH'
PERSONS.—The President shall exercise all
International Emergency Economic Powers
Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent nec-
essary to block and prohibit all transactions
in all property and interests in property of
described in paragraph (1)(B) if
such property and interests in property are
in the United States, come within the United
States, or are or come within the possession
or control of a United States person.
(4) IMPLEMENTATION; PENALTIES.—
(A) IMPLEMENTATION —The President may
President under sections 203 and 205 of the
International Emergency Economic Powers
Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out this
(B) PENALTIES.—A person that violates, at-
tempts to violate, conspires to
causes a violation of this subsection or any
regulation, license, or order issued to carry
out this subsection shall be subject to the
penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (C)
section 206 of the International Emer-
gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705)
to the same extent as a person that commits
an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of
(A) EXCEPTION FOR INTELLIGENCE, LAW EN-
AND NATIONAL SECURITY ACTIVI-
TIES.—Sanctions under this subsection shall
not apply to any authorized intelligence, law
enforcement, or national security activities
of the United States.
(B) EXCEPTION TO COMPLY WITH UNITED NA-
TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT.—
subsection shall not apply with
respect to the admission of an alien to the
United States if the admission of the alien is
'United States person" means
(i) a United States citizen or an alien law-
fully admitted for permanent residence
entity organized under the laws of
the United States or any jurisdiction within
the United States, including a foreign branch
(iii) any person within the United States.
(b) REPEAL OF NATIONAL INTEREST WAIVER
UNDER PROTECTING EUROPE'S ENERGY SECU-
RITY ACT OF 2019.—Section 7503 of the Pro-
tecting Europe's Energy Security Act of 2019
of Public Law 116-92; 22 U.S.C.
(1) in subsection (a)(1)(C), by striking 'sub-
section (i)" and inserting "subsection (h)';
(2) by striking subsection (f);
through (k) as subsections (f) through (j, re-
subsection (i), as redesignated by
paragraph (3), by striking
"subsection (h)"
and inserting "subsection (g)".
SA 4501. Mr.
RISCH submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, ada
SEC. 1283. REVIEW BY COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN
STATES OF CERTAIN FOREIGN GIFTS
TO AND CONTRACTS WITH INSTITU-
TIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION.
(a) AMENDMENTS TO DEFENSE PRODUCTION
(1) DEFINITION OF COVERED TRANSACTION.—
Subsection (a)(4) of section 721 of the Defense
Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565) is
means any institution, public or private, or,
multicampus institution,
campus of such institution, in any State-
'(I) that is legally authorized within such
State to provide a program of education be-
yond secondary school;
'(II) that provides a program for which the
awards a bachelor's degree (or
which is acceptable for full credit toward
such a degree) or a more advanced degree;
'(III) that is accredited by a nationally
recognized accrediting agency or associa-
'(IV) to which the Federal Government ex-
tends Federal financial assistance (directly
or indirectly through another entity or per-
son), or that receives support from the ex-
tension of Federal financial
any of the institution's subunits.".
(2) MANDATORY DECLARATIONS.—Subsection
(b)(1)(C)(v)(IV)(aa) of such section is amend-
ed by adding at the end the following: 'Such
regulations shall require a declaration under
this subclause with respect to a covered
(a) (4) (B)(vi)(II)(aa).".
(3) FACTORS TO BE CONSIDERED.—Subsection
(f) of such section is amended-
(A) in paragraph (10), by striking "; and"
Headquarters of the United Nations, signed
(i) in clause (i), by striking "; and" and in-
(ii) in clause (ii), by striking the period at
the end and inserting "; and"; and
(iii) by adding at the end the following:
'(iii) any transaction described in subpara-
graph (B)(Vi) proposed or pending after the
date of the enactment of the National De-
United Nations and the
United States, the
Convention on Consular Relations, done at
or other applicable
national obligations.
(C) EXCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF
GENERAL.—Notwithstanding
other provision
of this subsection,
thorities and requirements to impose sanc-
tions under this subsection shall not include
(B) in subparagraph (B), by adding at the
'(vi) Any gift to an institution of higher
education from a foreign person, or the entry
into a contract by such an institution with a
(C) by inserting after paragraph (10) the
'(11) as appropriate, and particularly
respect to covered transactions described in
subsection (a)(4)(B)(vi), the importance
academic freedom at institutions of higher
education in the United States; and"
(4) MEMBERSHIP OF CFIUS.—Subsection (k)
of such section is amended—
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (H), (1),
and (J) as subparagraphs (I), (J), and (K), re-
spectively; and
(ii) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the
'(H) In the case of a covered transaction
involving an institution of higher education
(as defined in subsection (a)(4)(G)), the Sec-
(B) by adding at the end the following:
'(8) INCLUSION OF OTHER AGENCIES ON COM-

===== PAGE 186 =====
{"alpha_words": 1164, "chars": 7998, "method": "ocr", "page": 186, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
Committee under paragraph (2)(K) the heads
procedures necessary to protect academic
of other executive departments, agencies, or
offices, the President shall give due consider-
ation to the heads of relevant research and
(B) guidance with respect to-
(i) which gifts and contracts described in
described in clause (vi)(II)(aa) of subsection
(a)(4)(B) of section 721 of the Defense Produc-
tion Act of 1950, as added by
(a)(1), would be subject to filing mandatory
declarations under subsection (b)(1)(C)(V)(IV)
of that section; and
(ii) the meaning of "control", as defined in
subsection (a) of that section,
applies to covered transactions described in
clause (vi) of paragraph (4)(B) of that sec-
tion, as added by subsection (a)(1).
mittee shall issue a final rule to carry out
the amendments made by subsection (a)
after assessing the findings of the pilot pro-
gram required by subsection (e).
At the end of division A, add the following:
TITLE XVII-AFGHANISTAN COUNTERTER-
RORISM, OVERSIGHT, AND ACCOUNT-
tional Institutes of Health, and the Director
of the National Science Foundation.".
(5) CONTENTS OF ANNUAL REPORT RELATING
TECHNOLOGIES.—Subsection
(m)(3) of such section is amended-
and" and inserting a semicolon;
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon;
(C) by adding at the end the following:
D) an evaluation of whether there are
foreign malign influence or espionage activi-
ties directed or directly assisted by foreign
governments against institutions of higher
education (as defined in subsection (a)(4)(G))
ment methods or secrets related to critical
technologies; and
'(E) an evaluation of, and recommendation
for any changes to, reviews conducted under
higher education, based on an analysis of dis-
closure reports submitted to the chairperson
under section 117(a) of the Higher Education
Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1011f(a))."
(b) INCLUSION OF CFIUS IN REPORTING ON
FOREIGN GIFTS UNDER HIGHER EDUCATION ACT
-Section 117 of the Higher Education
Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1011f) is amended
subsection (a), by inserting after
"the Secretary' the following: "and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury (in the capacity of the
Secretary as the chairperson of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Investment in the United
States under section 721(k)(3) of the Defense
This title may be cited as the 'Afghani-
countability Act of 2021".
Congress makes the following findings:
(1) On April 14, 2021, President Joseph R.
Biden announced the
drawal of United States Armed Forces from
Afghanistan after 20 years of conflict.
(2) United States troop withdrawals led to
rapid collapse of the democratically
Government of Afghanistan,
tively ended prospects for a negotiated set-
tlement, threaten to reverse the hard-earned
rights of Afghanistan's women and youth,
(2) in subsection (d)—
that is 30 days after the publication in the
Federal Register of the matter required by
paragraph (2) and ending on the date that is
570 days thereafter, the Committee shall con-
duct a pilot program to assess methods for
implementing the review of covered trans-
actions described in clause (vi) of section
721(a)(4)(B) of the Defense Production Act of
1950, as added by subsection (a)(1).
DETERMINATION.—Not later
than 270 days after the date of the enactment
the Committee shall,
sultation with the Secretary of Education,
publish in the Federal Register-
(A) a proposed determination of the scope
of and procedures for the pilot program re-
(B) an assessment of the burden on institu-
from compliance with the pilot program;
such burdens, including shortening timelines
for reviews and investigations,
penalties and filing fees, and simplifying and
streamlining declaration and notice require-
ments to reduce such burdens; and
(D) any procedures necessary
"with the Secretary and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury'; and
(ii) by striking "to the Secretary" and in-
serting "to each such Secretary"; and
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking 'with the
retary and the Secretary of the Treasury"
amendments made by subsection (a) shall-
(1) take effect on the date of the enactment
of this Act, subject to the requirements of
(2) apply with respect to any covered trans-
action the review or investigation of which
is initiated under section 721 of the Defense
Production Act of 1950 on or after the date
that is 30 days after the publication in the
Federal Register of the notice required under
(3) REPORT ON FINDINGS.—Upon conclusion
of the pilot program required by paragraph
(1), the Committee shall submit to Congress
a report on the findings of that pilot pro-
gram that includes-
(A) a summary of the reviews conducted by
the Committee under the pilot program and
the outcome of such reviews;
(B) an assessment of any additional re-
sources required by the Committee to carry
out this section or the amendments made by
subsection (a);
(C) findings regarding the additional bur-
den on institutions of higher education like-
trom
amendments made by subsection (a) and any
United States and allies and partners of the
(3) Under the terms of the peace agreement
signed by the United States and the Taliban
in Doha, Qatar,
on February 29,
Forces was contingent upon the Taliban up-
holding its commitment to a reduction in
the levels of violence,
stantive talks with the Government of Af-
ghanistan, and adhering to certain counter-
terrorism guarantees. The Taliban failed to
meet its commitments.
(4) The Taliban's rise to power and inabil-
ity to control its borders may result in a safe
Qaeda and the Afghan affiliate of the Islamic
ISIS-Khorasan (commonly re-
ferred to as "ISIS-K").
(5) According to a May 2020 report of the
«The senior leadership of Al-
well as hundreds of armed operatives,
groups of foreign terrorist fighters aligned
(6) According to the same United Nations
regularly consulted
with Al-Qaida during negotiations with the
United states and offered guarantees that it
would honor their historical ties.'.
(7) In November 2020, the Lead Inspector
General for Operation Freedom's Sentinel of
the Department of Defense (in this section
referred to as the 'Lead Inspector General')
echoed similar concerns, noting that "mem-
(8) In May 2021, the Lead Inspector General
GENERAL.—The Committee on For-
eign Investment in the United States (in this
shall include the Secretary
cation for purposes of this subsection, shall
prescribe regulations as necessary and appro-
priate to implement the amendments made
(2) ELEMENTS.—The regulations prescribed
under paragraph (1) shall include-
(A) regulations accounting for the burden
on institutions of higher education likely to
compliance with the
ments made by subsection (a),
(D) any recommendations for Congress to
consider regarding the scope or procedures
described in this section or the amendments
made by subsection (a).
amendment intended to be proposed to
REED and intended to be
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of
Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
duce such burdens, shortening timelines for
reviews and investigations, allowing for sim-
plified and streamlined declaration and no-
year, and for other purposes; which was
and implementing any ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
the Taliban maintained close
with al-Qaeda and was very likely preparing
for large-scale offensives"
(9) On September 14, 2021, the Deputy Di-
rector of the Central Intelligence
"We are already beginning to
movement of al Qaeda to Afghanistan."
(10) On August 14, 2021, the United States
began an operation at Hamid Karzai Inter-
national Airport to evacuate United States
United States,
an action which
countries to undertake similar operations.
(11) During the evacuation operation con-
all of which had contributed soldiers and re-
sources to the fight against the Taliban and
terrorism in Afghanistan since 2001, assisted

===== PAGE 187 =====
{"alpha_words": 1180, "chars": 8443, "method": "ocr", "page": 187, "variant": "plain-vision"}
States citizens, their own nationals, and Af-
ghans affiliated with NATO.
(12) In August 2021, at the height of the
United States evacuation operation,
Karzai International Airport and the Baron
Hotel, killing more than 170
cluding 13 members
of the United
(13) According to the reports of the Depart-
ment of State, as many as 10,000 to 15,000
United States citizens were in Afghanistan
before the evacuation efforts.
(14) As of August 31, 2021, the Department
evacuated just over 6,000 United
States citizens,
leaving untold numbers
United States citizens stranded in Afghani-
stan with little recourse for departure.
(15) As of August 31, 2021, the United States
evacuated 705 out of 22,000 Afghans who ap-
plied for special immigrant visas, leaving the
vast majority of Afghans behind and vulner-
able to retribution by the Taliban.
(16) The Taliban continues to hamper the
movement of United States citizens and at-
risk Afghans out of Afghanistan.
(17) On September 10, 2021, the Taliban ap-
pointed Sirajjudin Haqqani, a wanted ter-
rorist responsible for attacks against United
interior, ostensibly responsible for the con-
tinued evacuations of United States citizens
and at-risk Afghans out of Afghanistan.
(18) A Taliban-led government rooted in
Sharia law would undermine the vital gains
made since 2001, particularly with respect to
the rule of law and the rights of women and
girls, and would lack credibility and inter-
national legitimacy on the world stage.
(19) As noted by Human Rights
«Even before their takeover of Kabul on Au-
gust 15, Taliban forces were already commit-
ting atrocities,
tions of government officials and security
force members in their custody.
(20) Since the Taliban's takeover of Kabul,
the Taliban has raided the homes of journal-
ists and activists, as well as members of
their families, and restricted girls' access to
education and women's ability to work.
(21) The Lead Inspector General reported in
May 2021 that the Taliban had carried out
"dozens of targeted killings of Afghan civil-
ians, including government officials, teach-
ers, journalists, medical workers, and reli-
(22) Despite reportedly providing written
assurances to donors and the United Nations,
the Taliban also continues to hinder humani-
and individuals in Afghanistan, with an esti-
mated 18,400,000 people, or roughly half of
the population in Afghanistan, currently in
dire need of lifesaving assistance.
(23) Between 2001 and 2020, at least 569 hu-
manitarian workers were targeted for attack
in Afghanistan, and in August 2021 alone, at
access were reported by relief agencies.
(24) The United States has invested more
than $56,000,000,000 since 2002 in efforts to ad-
dress profound humanitarian needs and help
the people of Afghanistan, including women,
girls, and religious and ethnic minorities, re-
alize their democratic and development aspi-
(25) Despite consistent challenges, United
States humanitarian and development as-
cation for more than 3,000,000 girls since 2008,
reduce maternal and child deaths by more
than half since 2000, provide first-time access
to safe drinking water for 650,000 people and
people since 2016, and catalyze a 3,000 percent
increase in per capita gross domestic product
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(26) Following the Taliban takeover in Af-
those notable achievements are
at risk of reversal, the country stands on the
verge of economic collapse, and according to
estimated 14,000,000 people are
"marching toward starvation".
(1) SPECIAL IMMIGRANT VISA PROGRAM.—The
November 4, 2021
United States lawful permanent
residents, and applicants for the special im-
migrant visa program, from Afghanistan.
(d) BRIEFING REQUIREMENT.—The task force
established under subsection (a) shall pro-
vide quarterly briefings to the appropriate
congressional committees on-
(1) the strategy described in subsection (a);
(2) any additional authorities the Depart-
ment of State requires to better advance the
TERMINATION.—The task force estab-
lished under subsection (a) shall terminate
on the date that is one year after the date of
special immigrant visa program
under section 602 of the Afghan Allies Pro-
tection Act of 2009 (Public Law 111-8; 8 U.S.C.
1101 note); and
special immigrant visa program
under section 1059 of the National Defense
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Pub-
lic Law 109-163; 8 U.S.C. 1101 note) with
spect to nationals of Afghanistan.
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
the Senate; and
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
SEC. 1712. REPORT ON DIPLOMATIC ENGAGE-
(B) operating in Afghanistan; and
(C) designated as a specially
global terrorist under part 594 of title
Code of Federal Regulations.
(3) TERRORIST GROUP.—The term "terrorist
group" means-
(A) any entity designated as a specially
designated global terrorist under part 591 of
title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (other
(B) any foreign terrorist organization (as
defined in section 219 of the Immigration and
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189)).
RESIDENT.—The term 'United States lawful
permanent resident' means an alien lawfully
admitted for permanent residence
United States (as defined in section 101(a) of
Subtitle A—State Department Afghanistan
Task Force and Diplomatic Engagement
SEC. 1711. TASK FORCE ON EVACUATIONS FROM
and maintain a task force
(1) the implementation of a comprehensive
strategy relating to the evacuation of United
United States lawful perma-
nent residents, and applicants for the special
immigrant visa program, from Afghanistan;
(2) identifying individuals in Afghanistan
(A) applied to the United States Refugee
(B) sought entry into the United States as
212(d)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality
(b) FOCUS OF TASK FORCE.—The task force
(1) to account for all United States citizens
United States citizens have the opportunity
to safely depart Afghanistan; and
(2) to account for United States lawful per-
manent residents and applicants for the spe-
cial immigrant visa program still within Af-
ghanistan and help ensure those individuals
have an opportunity to safely depart Afghan-
REPORTING REQUIREMENT.—Not later
than one year after the
date of the enact-
the Secretary of state
sional committees a report detailing lessons
under subsection (a), including such lessons
related to the evacuation of United States
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 120 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and not less frequently than annually there-
after, the Secretary of State, in coordination
with the Administrator of the United States
for International Development and
the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit
to the appropriate congressional committees
a report detailing the manner and extent to
which foreign governments and international
organizations have pursued diplomatic en-
gagement or economic or security coopera-
tion with the Taliban or members of the
-The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include a description of-
(1) steps taken by foreign governments and
international organizations
of the Taliban or a
government of Aíghanistan under the direc-
tion or control of the Taliban or members of
(2) efforts to maintain or re-establish a dip-
lomatic presence in Kabul;
(3) the extent to which formal bilateral re-
credibility on the world stage;
(4) the scale and scope of economic co-
operation with the Taliban, or any agency or
instrumentality of the Government of Af-
ghanistan under the direction or control of
the Taliban or a member of the Taliban, by
foreign governments and international orga-
nizations, particularly
cial institutions;
(5) the extent of any assistance provided by
foreign governments and international orga-
nizations to or through the Taliban or any
agency or instrumentality described in para-
graph (4), including humanitarian, technical,
and security assistance; and
(6) major security cooperation activities or
initiatives undertaken by
foreign govern-
ments with the Taliban or any agency or in-
strumentality described in paragraph (4), in-
cluding the establishment by a foreign gov-
ernment of any military presence within Af-
(c) FORM OF RePoRT; AVAILABILITY.—
(1) FORM.—The report required
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may include a classified annex.
(2) AVAILABILITY.—The unclassified portion
of the report required by subsection (a) shall
internet website of the Department of State.
APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of

===== PAGE 188 =====
{"alpha_words": 1243, "chars": 8470, "method": "ocr", "page": 188, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
House of Representatives.
OPPOSITION TO RECOGNITION OF
TALIBAN REPRESENTATIVE AS AM-
BASSADOR TO THE UNITED STATES.
The President should not recognize as the
Ambassador of Afghanistan to the United
States or accept diplomatic credentials from
any individual
member of the
TALIBAN AT THE UNITED NATIONS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(5) An analysis of the possibilities for ac- implementation of the strategy required by
cess to and basing in Central Asian countries
United States Armed Forces, and
overflight of those countries by
States drones, and the diplomatic outreach
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) APPROPRIATE
TEES.—The term "appropriate congressional
needed to achieve those outcomes.
(6) A detailed description of bilateral and
regional efforts to work with countries in
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations
and the Committee on Armed Services of the
South Asia on strategies to build resilience
against efforts of the Government of the
(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
People's Republic of China and the Govern-
ment of the Russian Federation to interfere
in their political systems and economies.
House of Representatives.
(2) C5+1 FORMAT.—The term 'C5+1 format"
(7) A detailed description of United States
diplomatic efforts to address the challenges
posed by investment by the Government of
of the United States,
public of Kazakhstan,
the Kyrgyz Republic,
the People's Republic of China in the mining
and mineral sectors in Afghanistan.
(8) Identification of areas where the United
and the Republic of Uzbekistan.
Subtitle B—Counterterrorism Strategies and
SEC. 1721. COUNTERTERRORISM STRATEGY FOR
United Nations should use the
and influence of the United States at the
(1) to object to the issuance of credentials
to any member of the delegation of Afghani-
stan to the United Nations General Assem-
bly who is a member of the Taliban,
sistent with Rules 27 and 28 of the Rules of
Procedure of the General Assembly;
Taliban may serve in a leadership position in
any United Nations body, fund, program, or
specialized agency;
(3) to support a resolution on human rights
United Nations Human Rights Council and
for the immediate deployment of
human rights monitors to Afghanistan under
the special procedures of the Council;
unfettered hu-
manitarian access to the whole of Afghani-
stan, including to prevent famine and to ex-
pand access to lifesaving vaccines and immu-
(5) to prevent diversions of humanitarian
assistance delivered through United Nations
agencies to individuals and entities subject
to sanctions under United Nations Security
(2015), including through the imposition of
duties, fees, or taxes on such humanitarian
the Government of India,
priate, to address economic and security
challenges posed by the People's Republic of
Russian Federation,
Taliban in the region, and an assessment of
how the changes to India's security environ-
ment resulting from the Taliban's takeover
of Afghanistan will affect United States en-
gagement with India.
(9) A description of the coordination mech-
anisms among key regional and functional
bureaus within the Department of State and
the Department of Defense tasked with en-
gaging with the countries of South and Cen-
tral Asia on issues relating to the People's
Republic of China, the Russian Federation,
and the Taliban.
(10) A description of the efforts being made
by Federal agencies, including
ment of State, the United States Agency for
International Development, the Department
of Commerce, the Department of Energy, and
the Office of the United States Trade
resentative, to help the countries of South
and Central Asia develop trade and com-
merce links that will help those countries di-
versify their trade away from the People's
Republic of China and the Russian Federa-
(11) A detailed description of United States
SEC. 1715. REVISED STRATEGY FOR SOUTH AND
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the President
shall submit
to the appro-
priate congressional committees a strategy
for a path forward for the relationship of the
United States with South and Central Asian
countries after the United States withdrawal
-The strategy
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-
(1) A detailed description of the security
and economic challenges
Federation, the People's Republic of China,
South and Central Asia, including border dis-
putes with South and Central Asian coun-
tries that border the People's Republic of
the People's Republic of China in land and
sea ports, military activities and installa-
tions, transportation infrastructure, and en-
ergy projects across the region.
(2) A detailed description of United States
efforts to provide alternatives to investment
by the Government of the People's Republic
of China in infrastructure and other sectors
in South and Central Asia.
(3) An examination of the areas and sectors
in which South and Central Asian countries
are subject to political, military, informa-
tion, and diplomatic pressure from the Rus-
sian Federation and the People's Republic of
(4) An examination of the extent to which
the C5+1 format
or should not be
changed to reflect the new conditions in Af-
significant populations of
Uyghurs and other ethnic minorities fleeing
to press those countries to refrain
from deporting ethnic minorities to the Peo-
ple's Republic of China, protect ethnic mi-
norities from intimidation by authorities of
the Government of the People's Republic of
China, and protect the right to the freedoms
of assembly and expression.
(12) An analysis of the effect ending the de-
nial of nondiscriminatory treatment to the
products of the Republic of Kazakhstan,
Republic of Tajikistan, and the Republic of
Uzbekistan under chapter 1 of title IV of the
Trade Act of 1974 (commonly known as the
on improving trade and diplomatic relations
with the United States.
(c) FoRM OF RePORT; AVAILABILITY.-
(1) FORM.—The strategy required by sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may include a classified annex.
(2) AVAILABILITY.—The unclassified portion
strategy required by subsection
shall be made available on a publicly acces-
sible internet website of the Department of
(d) CONSULTATION.—Not later than 120 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and not less frequently than annually there-
after for 5 years, the Secretary of State shall
consult with the appropriate congressional
committees regarding the development and
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and not less frequently than annually there-
after, the Secretary of State, in consultation
with the Secretary of Defense and the Direc-
tor of National Intelligence, shall submit to
the appropriate congressional committees a
counterterrorism strategy for Afghanistan
scribed in subsection (b).
(b) ELEMENTS.—The elements described in
this subsection are the following:
(1) An assessment of terrorist activity in
Afghanistan and threats posed to the United
(2) An assessment of whether the Taliban
is taking meaningful action to ensure that
Afghanistan is not a safe haven for terrorist
groups, such as al Qaeda or ISIS-K, pursuant
to the peace agreement signed by the United
States and the Taliban in Doha, Qatar, on
February 29, 2020, or subsequent agreements
(3) A detailed description of all discussions,
transactions, deconfliction arrangements,
other agreements or arrangements with the
(4) An assessment of the status of access,
basing, and overflight agreements with coun-
tries neighboring Afghanistan that facilitate
ongoing United States counterterrorism mis-
(5) An assessment of the status of-
(A) human intelligence and multi-source
intelligence assets dedicated to Afghanistan;
(B) the ability of the United States to de-
tect emerging threats against
States and allies and partners of the United
(6) A description of the number and types
of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnais-
sance assets and strike assets dedicated to
associated flight times and times on station
(7) An assessment of local or indigenous
(8) An assessment of risks to the mission
volved in over-the-horizon counterterrorism
(c) FORM.—The report required
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may include a classified annex.
APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
DEFINED.-In this
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations,
the Committee on Armed Services, and the
Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-

===== PAGE 189 =====
{"alpha_words": 1196, "chars": 8155, "method": "ocr", "page": 189, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the
Committee on Armed Services, and the Per-
manent Select Committee on Intelligence of
the House of Representatives.
SEC. 1722. REPORT ON ENTITIES PROVIDING SUP-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and not less frequently than annually there-
after, the Secretary of State, in consultation
with the Secretary of Defense and the Direc-
tor of National Intelligence, shall submit to
the appropriate congressional committees a
report on entities providing support to the
(b) ELEMENTS OF FIRST REPORT.—The first
report required by subsection (a) shall in-
(1) an assessment of support by state and
of Pakistan, for the Taliban between 2001 and
2020, including the provision of sanctuary
port, logistics and medical support, training,
equipping, and tactical, operational, or stra-
(2) an assessment of support by state and
non-state actors, including the Government
for the 2021 offensive of the
Taliban that toppled the Government of the
of sanctuary space, financial
support, intelligence support,
tactical, operational, or strategic direction;
(3) an assessment of support by state and
non-state actors, including the Government
of Pakistan, for the September 2021 offensive
of the Taliban against the Panjshir Valley
and the Afghan resistance; and
(4) a detailed description of United States
taken to curtail support for the 2021 offen-
sive of the Taliban that toppled the Govern-
ment of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.
(C) ELEMENTS
Each report required by subsection (a) after
the first such report shall include-
(1) an assessment of support by state and
non-state actors for the Taliban, including
the provision of sanctuary space, financial
support, intelligence support, logistics and
tactical, operational, or strategic direction;
(2) an assessment of support by state and
non-state actors for offensive actions of the
Taliban against any elements of the Afghan
(3) a detailed description of United States
taken to curtail support for the Taliban.
(d) FORM.—The report
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may contain a classified annex.
CONGRESSIONAL
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
services provided to the Government of Af- citizens or United States lawful permanent
ghanistan on or before August 14, 2021.
ELEMENTS.—The
residents are being held hostage or are being
report required by
detained unlawfully or wrongfully by the
paragraph (1) shall include-
(A) an inventory of all United States-ori-
gin defense articles and defense services pro-
vided to the Government of Afghanistan;
(B) an assessment of the current location
(2) an assessment of whether there is cred-
ible information that citizens of NATO allies
are being held hostage or are being detained
unlawfully or wrongfully by the Taliban.
and disposition of all such articles;
(C) an assessment of the risks that such ar-
ticles pose to United States citizens and in-
regional security, and the people of
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may include a classified annex.
APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL
DEFINED.—In this
assessment of the most sensitive
training provided by the United States to Af-
ghan forces and the current location and sta-
tus of Afghans who received such training;
ligence risk if the Taliban provides access to
United States-origin defense articles to the
Russian Federation, Iran, or the People's Re-
(b) STRATEGY REQUIRED.
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 120 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act.
the Secretary of State, the Secretary of De-
fense, and the Director of National Intel-
ligence shall submit to the appropriate con-
gressional committees a strategy on United
services provided to the Government of Af-
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
the Senate; and
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
SEC. 1732. BRIEFINGS ON STATUS OF SPECIAL IM-
MIGRANT VISA APPLICANTS, REFU-
-Not later than 10 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and every 15 days thereafter until September
the Secretary of State, in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity, shall provide a briefing
mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate
and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
House of Representatives on the status of-
special immigrant visa program; and
(2) refugee and parolee designations for na-
under subsection (d) shall include-
(A) a plan to recover, destroy, or de-milita-
that pose a significant risk to United states
citizens and interests,
the people of Afghanistan; and
personnel whose
training could present a significant risk to
regional security or to the people of Afghani-
(ii) to ensure such personnel are not co-
erced to support the Taliban or other hostile
FORM.—The report required by sub-
section (a) and the strategy required by sub-
section (b) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may include a classified annex.
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
(1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
"appropriate congressional
committees' means-
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations,
the Committee on Armed Services, and the
Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-
(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the
Committee on Armed Services, and the Per-
manent Select Committee on Intelligence of
the House of Representatives.
ARTICLE; DEFENSE SERVICE;
-The terms "defense article", "de-
service", and
meanings given those terms in section 47 of
the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2794).
Subtitle C-Matters Relating to Hostages,
Special Immigrant Visa Applicants,
SEC. 1731. REPORT ON HOSTAGES TAKEN BY THE
(1) INITIAL BRIEFING.—The initial briefing
required by subsection (a) shall include, for
ending on the date of the briefing-
(A)(i) the number of nationals of Afghani-
(I) submitted applications for—
(aa) the special immigrant visa program;
(II) sought entry to the United States as
212(d)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality
Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(d)(5)); and
(ii) the status of such nationals of Afghani-
(B) the number of Department of State and
Department of Homeland Security
ees assigned to processing applications de-
scribed in subparagraph (A)(i)(I) and adjudi-
cating the entry of nationals of Afghanistan
as humanitarian parolees;
(C) the location of each national of Afghan-
istan who has submitted such an application
or sought entry to the United States as a hu-
manitarian parolee;
(D) the status of any agreement between
the United States and any foreign govern-
ment that is hosting such nationals of Af-
(E) an assessment of any required revision
to the levels and forms of United States for-
porting such nationals of Afghanistan; and
(F) the status of any national of Afghani-
(i) after July 1, 2021, submitted an applica-
tion described in subparagraph (A)(i)(I) or
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations,
the Committee on Armed Services, and the
Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the
Committee on Armed Services, and the Per-
manent Select Committee on Intelligence of
the House of Representatives.
REPORT AND STRATEGY ON UNITED
STATES-ORIGIN DEFENSE ARTICLES
AND SERVICES PROVIDED TO AF-
(a) REPORT REQUIRED.
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State, the Secretary of De-
the Director of National Intel-
ligence shall submit to the appropriate con-
gressional committees a report on United
defense articles and defense
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and not less frequently than annually there-
after, the Secretary of State shall submit to
the appropriate congressional committees a
detailing the extent to which
Taliban has engaged in the politically moti-
vated taking or release of hostages or other-
wise is engaging in practices of unlawful or
(ii) failed to meet United States vetting re-
section (a) shall include, at a minimum-
(1) an assessment of whether there is cred-
ible information that detained United States
required by subsection (a)
shall include the information
subparagraphs (A) through (F) of paragraph
(1) for the preceding 15-day period.
section (a) may be provided in

===== PAGE 190 =====
{"alpha_words": 1229, "chars": 8339, "method": "ocr", "page": 190, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(d) WRITTEN MATERIALS.—The Secretary of
State may submit written materials in con-
junction with a briefing under this section.
Subtitle D-Restrictions on Foreign
SEC. 1741. STATEMENT OF POLICY ON UNITED
STATES ASSISTANCE IN AFGHANI-
(a) IN GENERAL.—It is the policy of the
United States not to provide foreign assist-
ance, including development assistance, eco-
nomic support, or security assistance under
parts I and II of the Foreign Assistance Act
of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.),
nium Challenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7701 et
seq.), the Better Utilization of Investments
U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), the FREEDOM Support
Act (22 U.S.C. 5801 et seq.), or section 23 of
the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2763),
to or through the Taliban, or in a manner
that would directly benefit the Taliban in
United States
provision of humanitarian assistance for dis-
conflict-affected persons in
ghanistan consistent with chapter 9 of the
Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2292
et seq.), provided that such assistance is not
provided to or through the Taliban or enti-
with respect to which sanctions have
imposed under section 1762 or 1763.
-Not later than 30 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
President shall brief the appropriate
gressional committees on the United States
strategy to ensure the safe and timely deliv-
ery of targeted humanitarian
Afghanistan, including by enabling humani-
tarian organizations to access related finan-
cial services, consistent with this section.
SEC. 1742. HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE TO COUN-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(B) has submitted to the appropriate con-
committees a certification de-
scribed in section 1766(C).
(3) WAIVER.—The Secretary may waive the
suspension of United States
required under paragraph (1) if,
later than 10 days before issuing such a waiv-
er, the Secretary certifies to the appropriate
congressional committees that-
(A) providing such assistance is in the na-
tional security interest of the United States;
(B) sufficient safeguards are in place to en-
sure that no United States assistance is di-
verted to support the Taliban.
SEC. 1744. APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM-
MITTEES DEFINED.
In this subtitle, the term "appropriate con-
gressional committees" means-
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
the Senate; and
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
Subtitle E-Human Rights in Afghanistan
SEC. 1751. REPORT ON HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES
(a) IN GENERAL.-Not later than 1o0 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act.
and not less frequently than annually there-
after, the Secretary of State shall submit to
the appropriate congressional committees a
Taliban, or any agency or instrumentality of
the Government of Afghanistan under the di-
rection or control of the Taliban or a mem-
ber of the Taliban, has carried out or facili-
tated serious human rights abuse.
section (a) shall include
(1) an assessment of the Taliban's respect
for the rule of law, press freedom, and human
rights, including the rights of women, girls,
and minorities, in Afghanistan;
assessment of the extent to which
the Government of Afghanistan has adhered
to the basic human rights standards set out
Nations International Cov-
Civil and Political Rights,
was ratified by Afghanistan in 1983, and the
Universal Declaration of Human Rights;
(3) a description of the scale and scope of
S7997
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
Subtitle F—Sanctions With Respect to the
terms "admission",
have the meanings given those terms in sec-
tion 101 of the Immigration and Nationality
Act (8 U.S.C. 1101).
AGRICULTURAL COMMODITY.—The term
"agricultural commodity" has the meaning
given that term in section 102 of the Agricul-
tural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5602).
-The term "appropriate congressional
committees" means-
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations
and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and
(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
the Committee on Financial Services of the
(4) FOREIGN PERSON.—The term "foreign
(A) means a person that is not a United
(B) includes an agency or instrumentality
of a foreign government.
(5) MEDICAL DEVICE.—The term
device' has the meaning given the term "de-
Federal Food,
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321).
the meaning given the term "drug" in sec-
tion 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-
Subject to section 1743, it is the policy of
the United States to support the provision of
humanitarian assistance for displaced and
conflict-afiected persons seeking refuge from
Aighanistan in third countries, as well as for
communities with measurable need
SEC. 1743. REVIEW OF FOREIGN ASSISTANCE TO
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and not less than annually
Secretary of State, in consultation with the
appropriate congressional committees, shall
conduct a comprehensive review of all forms
of United States foreign assistance provided
to or through the government of any country
or any organization providing any form of
amounts, goals, objectives, benchmarks, and
outcomes of such assistance.
-The Secretary of State
shall suspend all forms of United States for-
eign assistance not covered by an exception
through a government or organization de-
(4) an assessment of the degree to which
Afghans who formerly served as part of the
Afghanistan or who have ties to the United
States have been the target of Taliban-sup-
ported revenge killings, enforced disappear-
ances, or other forms of abuse, including tor-
(5) a detailed description of how the rights
girls, and minorities in Afghani-
impacted, specifically with
respect to access to education,
movement, and right to employment, since
the Taliban's seizure of power in August 2021;
(6) an evaluation of the ability of human
rights defenders,
female activists,
nalists to freely operate in Afghanistan
assessment of whether any of the
carried out by the Taliban, or any
agency or instrumentality described in sub-
section (a), constitute war crimes or crimes
(8) a description of any steps taken to im-
by independent human rights
monitors and United Nations investigators.
section (a) shall be provided in unclassified
form, but may include a classified annex.
(d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL
United States foreign assistance under para-
graph (1) shall cease to be in effect on the
date on which the Secretary—
gressional committees that the government
or organization
subject to such
has ceased to provide material support to the
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
"United States person" means
(A) a citizen of the United States or an
alien lawfully admitted for permanent resi-
dence to the United States; or
(B) an entity organized under the laws of
the United States or any jurisdiction within
the United States, including a foreign branch
SEC. 1762. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-
TALIBAN AND OTHERS IN AFGHANI-
(a) SANCTIONS RELATING TO SUPPORT FOR
TERRORISM.—On and after the date that is 90
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the President shall impose the
sanc-
tions described in subsection (d) with respect
to each foreign person, including any mem-
ber of the Taliban, that the President deter-
mines provides financial, material, or tech-
nological support for, or financial or other
services to or in
support of, any terrorist
group in Afghanistan.
(b) SANCTIONS RELATING TO HUMAN RIGHTS
ABUSES.-
-On and after
the date that is
90
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act,
the President shall impose the
sanc-
tions described in subsection (d) with respect
to each foreign person, including any mem-
ber of the Taliban, that the President deter-
mines is responsible for, complicit in, or has
directly or indirectly
engaged
in,
serious
human rights abuses in Afghanistan.
(C)
SANCTIONS RELATING TO DRUG TRAF-
FICKING.—On and after the date that is 90
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the President shall impose the sanc-
tions described in subsection (d) with respect
to each foreign person, including any mem-
ber of the Taliban, that the President deter-
mines-
(1) plays a significant role in international
narcotics trafficking centered in
Afghani-
stan; or
(2) provides significant financial, material,
or technological support for, or financial or
other services to or in support of, any person
described in paragraph (1).

===== PAGE 191 =====
{"alpha_words": 1199, "chars": 8201, "method": "ocr", "page": 191, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DESCRIBED.—The sanctions
BLOCKING.—The exercise of
all of the powers granted to the President
nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to
the extent necessary to block and prohibit
all transactions in property and interests in
property of a foreign person described in sub-
section (a), (b), or (c) if such property and in-
terests in property are in the United States,
within the possession or control of a United
(2) INELIGIBILITY FOR VISAS, ADMISSION, OR
(A) VISAS, ADMISSION, OR PAROLE.—An alien
described in subsection (a), (b), or (c) shall
(i) inadmissible to the United States;
(ii) ineligible to receive a visa or other doc-
umentation to enter the United States; and
(iii) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or
paroled into the United States or to receive
any other benefit under the Immigration and
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.).
(B) CURRENT VISAS REVOKED.-
documentation of any alien described in sub-
section (a), (b), or (c) is subject to revocation
regardless of the issue date of the visa or
EFFECT.—A revocation
(I) take effect immediately; and
documentation that is in the possession of
SEC. 1763. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(ii) ineligible to receive a visa or other doc-
umentation to enter the United States; and
(iii) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or
paroled into the United States or to receive
any other benefit under the Immigration and
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.).
(B) CURRENT VISAS REVOKED.—
(i) IN GENERAL.—The visa or other entry
documentation of any alien described in sub-
section (a) is subject to revocation regard-
less of the issue date of the visa or other
November 4, 2021
with respect to a foreign person if the Presi-
dent, not later than 10 days before the waiver
is to take effect, determines and certifies to
appropriate congressional
that such a waiver is in the vital national se-
United States.
President shall submit with the certification
a detailed justification explaining
-Sanctions under this subtitle shall not
apply to any activity subject to the report-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et
seq.) or any authorized intelligence activi-
(I) take effect immediately; and
(II) cancel any other valid visa or entry
documentation that is in the possession of
SEC. 1764. SUPPORT FOR MULTILATERAL SANC-
(a) VOICE AND VOTE AT UNITED NATIONS.
The Secretary of State shall use the voice
and vote of the United States at the United
Nations to maintain the sanctions with re-
spect to the Taliban described in and im-
posed pursuant to United Nations Security
Council Resolution 1988 (2011) and United Na-
tions Security Council Resolution 2255 (2015).
(b) ENGAGEMENT WITH ALLIES AND PART-
NERS.—The Secretary of State shall, acting
through the Office of Sanctions Coordination
established under section 1(h) of the State
Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22
ments of allies and partners of the United
to promote their
use of sanctions
against the Taliban, particularly for any
that is 180 days after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the President may impose
described in subsection (c)
with respect to any foreign person that the
determines provides support
scribed in subsection (b) to or in support of—
(1) the Taliban or any member of the
agency or instrumentality of the
Government of Afghanistan under the direc-
Taliban or a member of the
(B) another terrorist group or a member of
NATIONAL OBLIGATIONS AND FOR LAW ENFORCE-
MENT ACTIVITIES.—Sanctions
1762(d)(2) or 1763(c)(2) shall not apply with re-
spect to an alien if admitting or paroling the
alien into the United States is necessary
(A) to permit the United States to comply
of the United
Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into
force November 21, 1947, between the United
Nations and the United States, or other ap-
plicable international obligations; or
(B) to carry out or assist law enforcement
activity in the United States.
EXCEPTIONS FOR HUMANITARIAN PUR-
(A) IN GENERAL.—Sanctions under this sub-
title shall not apply with respect to the fol-
lowing activities:
projects to meet basic human needs in Af-
(I) disaster relief;
(II) assistance to refugees, internally dis-
placed persons, and conflict victims;
(III) provision of health services; and
(IV) provision of agricultural commodities,
medical devices, or other ar-
ticles to provide humanitarian assistance to
the people of Afghanistan.
(ii) Activities to support democracy build-
ing in Afghanistan, including projects relat-
ing to the rule of law, citizen participation,
government accountability, and civil society
scribed in this subsection is any of the fol-
(1) Military or paramilitary training.
(2) Logistical or intelligence support.
material, or technological
(5) Financial or other services.
(C) SANCTIONS DESCRIBED.—The sanctions
SEC. 1765. IMPLEMENTATION; PENALTIES.
(a) IMPLEMENTATION.—The President may
exercise all authorities provided under sec-
tions 203 and 205 of the International Emer-
gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702
and 1704) to carry out this subtitle.
-A person that violates, at-
conspires to violate,
causes a violation of this subtitle or any reg-
or order issued to carry out
this subtitle shall be subject to the penalties
set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section
206 of the International Emergency Eco-
same extent as a person that commits an un-
lawful act described in subsection (a) of that
(C) REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF SANC-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary
of State and the Secretary of the Treasury
shall jointly submit to the appropriate con-
gressional committees a report on the imple-
mentation of sanctions under this subtitle.
paragraph (1) shall include the following:
(A) A description of the number and iden-
tity of foreign persons with respect to which
sanctions were imposed under sections 1762
and 1763 during the 90-day period preceding
(1) PROPERTY BLOCKING.—The exercise of
all of the powers granted to the President
nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to
the extent necessary to block and prohibit
all transactions in property and interests in
property of a foreign person described in sub-
section if such property and interests in
United States Government to maintain sanc-
tions on the Taliban at the United Nations
pursuant to section 1764(a) during that pe-
within the United States, or come within the
possession or control of a United States per-
(2) INELIGIBILITY FOR VISAS, ADMISSION, OR
(C) A description of the impact of sanc-
tions imposed under sections 1762 and 1763 on
the behavior of the Taliban, other groups,
and other foreign governments during that
(A) VISAS, ADMISSION, OR PAROLE.—An alien
SEC. 1766. WAIVERS; EXCEPTIONS; SUSPENSION.
described in subsection (a) may be-
-The President may waive the
(i) inadmissible to the United States;
application of sanctions under this subtitle
porting education in Afghanistan and that
do not directly benefit the Taliban, includ-
ing combating illiteracy, increasing access
to education, particularly for girls, and as-
sisting education reform projects.
(iv) Activities that do not directly benefit
the Taliban to prevent infectious disease and
promote maternal and child health, food se-
curity, and clean water assistance.
(v) Transactions necessary and incident to
activities described in clauses (i) through (v).
(vi) Transactions incident to travel into or
out of Afghanistan on a commercial or char-
ter flight or through a land border crossing.
COMMUNICATION.-
under this subtitle shall not apply to any
postal, telegraphic, telephonic, or other per-
sonal communication that does not involve a
transfer of anything of value.
(C) INTERNET COMMUNICATIONS.—Sanctions
under this subtitle shall not apply to the
(i) services incident to the exchange of per-
sonal communications over the internet or
software necessary to enable such services;
(iii) hardware, software, or technology nec-
essary for access to the internet.
(D) GOODS, SERVICES, OR TECHNOLOGIES NEC-
ESSARY TO ENSURE THE SAFE OPERATION OF
COMMERCIAL AIRCRAFT.—Sanctions under this
subtitle shall not apply to the provision of

===== PAGE 192 =====
{"alpha_words": 1147, "chars": 7803, "method": "ocr", "page": 192, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
goods, services, or technologies necessary to
year, and for other purposes; which was
ensure the safe operation of commercial air-
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
produced in the United States or com-
mercial aircraft into which aircraft compo-
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add
nents produced in the United States are in-
corporated, if the provision of such goods,
SEC. 1253. BRIEFING ON SYNCHRONIZATION OF
IMPLEMENTATION OF PACIFIC DE-
services, or technologies is approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation
to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of
the Treasury regarding the provision of such
services, or technologies,
(4) EXCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF
(A) IN GENERAL.—The authorities and re-
quirements to impose sanctions authorized
under this subtitle shall not include the au-
thority or a requirement to impose sanctions
on the importation of goods.
(B) GOOD DEFINED.—In this paragraph, the
means any article, natural or
manmade substance,
manufactured product, including inspection
and test equipment, and excluding technical
(C) SUSPENSION OF SANCTIONS.
(1) SUSPENSION.—The Secretary of State, in
consultation with the Secretary of Defense,
the Director of National Intelligence, and
the Secretary of the Treasury, may suspend
the imposition of sanctions under this sub-
title if the Secretary of State certifies in
committees that the Taliban has-
(A) publicly and privately broken all ties
terrorist groups, including
(B) verifiably prevented the use of Afghani-
against the United States or partners or al-
lies of the United States, including by deny-
ing sanctuary space, transit of Afghan terri-
training, planning, or equipping;
(C) provided humanitarian actors with full,
unimpeded access to vulnerable populations
PEAN DETERRENCE INITIATIVE.
(a) BRIEFING.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
Deputy Secretary of Defense shall provide to
briefing on the synchronization of the proc-
esses used to implement the Pacific Deter-
implement the European Deterrence Initia-
tive, including-
(1) the allocation of fiscal toplines in the
program objective memorandum process to
the outset of
(2) the role of the combatant commanders
in setting requirements for such initiatives;
[military departments
and other components of the Armed Forces]
in proposing programmatic options to meet
(4) the role of the combatant commanders,
[the military departments and other compo-
nents of the Armed Forces], the Cost Assess-
and Program Evaluation Office,
the Deputy Secretary of Defense in adjudi-
cating requirements and programmatic op-
(A) before the submission of the program
objective memorandum [for each such initia-
-In establishing program ob-
jective memorandum guidance for fiscal year
2024, the Deputy Secretary of Defense shall
ensure that the processes used to implement
the Pacific Deterrence Initiative align with
the processes used to implement the Euro-
through the allocation of fiscal toplines for
each such initiative in the fiscal year 2024
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle F of title XII of divi-
sion A, add the following:
SEC. 1264. FEASIBILITY STUDY ON SECURITY AND
(D) respected
freedom of movement,
cluding by facilitating the departure of for-
eign nationals, applicants for the special im-
and other at-risk Af-
ghans by air or land routes, and the safe, vol-
untary, and dignified return of displaced per-
(E) supported the establishment of an in-
clusive government of Afghanistan that re-
human rights, including the rights of women
(2) REPORT REQUIRED.—The Secretary of
gressional committees with any certification
under paragraph (1) a report addressing in
detail each of the criteria for the suspension
of sanctions under paragraph (1). Such report
shall be submitted in unclassified form.
Subtitle G-General Provisions
This title shall terminate on the date that
is 10 years after the date of the enactment of
SA 4504. Mr.
submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add
SEC. 1253. INELIGIBILITY FOR GENERALIZED SYS-
(a) DEFINED TERM.-In this section,
"appropriate congressional
Committee on Armed Services of
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
(3) the Committee on Armed Services of
the House of Representatives; and
(4) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
(b) FEASIBILITY STUDY.
State, in consultation with the Secretary of
Defense, shall conduct a study regarding the
feasibility of the establishment of a security
and defense partnership between the United
States and Somaliland (a semi-autonomous
region of the Republic of Somalia) that-
(1) is separate and distinct from any secu-
rity and defense partnership with the Fed-
(2) includes coordination with Somaliland
Somaliland's Ministry of Defense and Armed
(3) determines opportunities for collabora-
tion in the pursuit of United States national
security interests in the Horn of Africa,
Gulf of Aden, and the broader Indo-Pacific
opportunities for United
States training of Somaliland security sec-
tor actors to improve professionalization and
(5) is separate and distinct from any secu-
rity and defense partnership with the Fed-
(C) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than
180 days after the date of the enactment of
this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordina-
tion with the Secretary of Defense and other
relevant Federal departments and agencies,
shall submit a classified report to the appro-
priate congressional committees that con-
tains the results of the study required under
subsection (b), including an
Section 502(b)(2) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19
after subparagraph (H) the following:
'(I) Such country has been determined by
the President, based on the recommendation
United States Trade Representative,
in consultation with the Secretary of State
and the Secretary of Defense, to be hosting
on its territory a military installation of the
SA 4503. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
for fiscal year 2022 for
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
Somaliland's security sector actors with a
specific focus on counter-terrorism and mar-
(2) Somaliland's security forces have been
rights during the 3-year period immediately
preceding the date of the enactment of this
(3) the United States has provided, or dis-
military officials the provision of, training
to security forces, including—
(A) where such training has been provided;
(B) the extent to which Somaliland secu-
rity forces have demonstrated the ability to
absorb previous training; and
forces to maintain and appropriately utilize
such training, as applicable;
(4) a direct United States security and de-
have a strategic impact, including by pro-
tecting United
States and allied maritime
interests in the Bab el-Mandeb Strait and at

===== PAGE 193 =====
{"alpha_words": 1142, "chars": 7783, "method": "ocr", "page": 193, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S8000
(5) Somaliland could-
(A) serve as a maritime gateway in bast
Africa for the United States and its allies;
(B) counter Iran's presence in the Gulf of
Aden and China's growing regional military
(6) a direct United States security and de-
(A) bolster security and defense
capabilities between
(B) further stabilize this semi-autonomous
region of Somalia as a democratic
weight to destabilizing and anti-democratic
forces in Somalia and the wider East Africa
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(bb)
resettlement in the United
States
through the United States Refugee Admis-
sions Program; or
(II) sought entry to the United States as
section
212(d)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality
Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(d)(5)); and
November 4, 2021
fiscal year,
and for other purposes;
which was ordered to lie on the table;
as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XXXI, add
the following:
SEC. 3157. INCREASE IN AMOUNT AUTHORIZED
RESEARCH
Section 308 of the Energy and Water Devel-
opment and Related Agencies Appropriations
(50 U.S.C. 2791a) is amended by
striking "4 percent" and inserting '5 per-
achieve policy objectives, particularly to de-
threat in Somalia posed by al-shabaab and
OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in
feasibility study under subsection (b) and the
submission of the classified report under sub-
United States recognition of Somaliland as
an independent state.
SA 4506. Mr. RISCH submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
strengths for such
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title XII, insert
BRIEFINGS ON STATUS OF OPER-
ATION WELCOME ALLIES AT INSTAL-
LATIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 10 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and every 15 days thereafter until September
30, 2022, the Secretary of State, in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of Defense and the
Secretary of Homeland Security,
vide to the appropriate committees of Con-
gress a briefing on-
(1) the operational status of Operation Al-
lies Welcome at installations of the Depart-
United States and overseas;
(2) the processing of applications of nation-
visas under the Afghan Allies Protection Act
of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note; Public Law 111-8)
and section 1059 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (8 U.S.C.
1101 note; Public Law 109-163); and
(3) the processing of refugee and parolee
designations for nationals of Afghanistan.
(1) INITIAL BRIEFING.—The initial briefing
required by subsection (a) shall include, for
the period beginning on August 1, 2021, and
ending on the date on which the briefing is
provided, the following:
(A)(i) The number of nationals of Afghani-
(I) submitted applications for-
(aa) special immigrant visas under the Af-
Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C.
1101 note; Public Law 111-8) or section 1059 of
the National Defense Authorization Act for
Fiscal Year 2006 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note; Public
(B) With respect to any national of Afghan-
istan who has been issued such a visa or who
has received Chief of Mission approval, in-
who remains in Afghanistan and is actively
in processing, and any dependent of such a
national of Afghanistan, their location and
(C) With respect to the adjudication and
processing of applications for such visas and
the entry to the United States of nationals
of Afghanistan as humanitarian parolees
(i) the number of Department of State and
Department of Homeland Security employ-
ees assigned to such adjudication and proc-
(ii) the respective timelines for such adju-
dication and processing.
agreement between the United States and
hosting nationals of Afghanistan described
(E) An assessment of any required revision
to the levels and forms of United States for-
porting such nationals of Afghanistan.
(F) The status of any national of Afghani-
stan who, after July 1, 2021, submitted an ap-
plication for such a visa or sought entry to
the United States as a humanitarian parolee
and failed to meet United States vetting re-
(G) As of the date of the briefing, the num-
ber of nationals of Aighanistan located at an
installation of the
within the continental United
disaggregated by evacuee category
(H) A description of, and justification for,
the specific vetting procedures and require-
ments applicable to individuals of each evac-
uee category and immigration status.
(2) SUBSEQUENT
BRIEFINGS.—Each
shall include, for the preceding 15-day period,
the information described in
(A) through (F) of paragraph (1).
section (a) may be provided in classified
(d) WRITTEN MATERIALS.—The Secretary of
State, the Secretary of Defense, or the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security
in conjunction with
(e) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS
DEFINED.—In this section, the term 'appro-
priate committees of Congress" means-
Committee on Foreign Relations
and the Committee on Armed Services of the
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
on Armed Services of the
an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year,
and for other
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add
REPORT ON PLANT-DIRECTED RE-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than March 15,
2022, the Administrator for Nuclear Security
committees a report on plant-directed re-
search and development by nuclear weapons
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following:
(1) A master plan for plant-directed re-
search and development that ensures utiliza-
tion of all funds available for plant-directed
research and development by the nuclear
weapons production facilities.
demonstration activities by each such facil-
ity in order to maintain and enhance the en-
gineering and manufacturing capabilities at
the facility and a brief scope of work for
of current and projected
and cost estimates
of the progress made in
prioritizing and funding such activities.
(C) ANNUAL REPORT.—As part of the annual
budget submission by the President under
Code, for fiscal years 2023 through 2027,
Administrator shall submit to the congres-
sional defense committees a report describ-
master plan required by subsection (b)(1).
(d) NUCLEAR WEAPONS PRODUCTION
ITY DEFINED.—In this section, the term "nu-
clear weapons production facility" has the
meaning given that term in section 4002 of
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C.
SA 4509. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself
SA 4507. Mrs. BLACKBURN sub-
and Ms. HIRONO) submitted an amend-
mitted an amendment intended to be
ment intended to be proposed by him
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
propriations for fiscal year 2022
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
military activities of the Department
for fiscal year of Defense, for military construction,
2022 for military activities of the De-
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
struction, and for defense activities of
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
year, and for other purposes; which was
military personnel strengths for such
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

===== PAGE 194 =====
{"alpha_words": 1235, "chars": 8299, "method": "ocr", "page": 194, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
The Secretary of Housing and Urban Devel-
opment shall withhold all or partial funds to
American Housing Assistance
termination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et
consultation with the Sec-
retary of the Interior and the tribe, the Sec-
retary determines prior to disbursement that
the tribe is not in compliance with obliga-
tions under its 1866 treaty with the United
States as it relates to the inclusion of per-
sons who are lineal descendants of Freedmen
as having the rights of the citizens of such
unless a Federal court has issued a
final order that determines the treaty obli-
gations with respect to including Freedmen
as citizens. For purposes of this section, a
court order is not considered final if time re-
mains for an appeal with respect to that
SA 4510. Mr. MARKEY submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
strengths for such
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add
SEC. 3114. INDEPENDENT STUDY ON W80-4 NU-
CLEAR WARHEAD LIFE EXTENSION
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 30 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall
seek to enter into an agreement with a feder-
ally funded research and development center
to conduct a study on the W80-4 nuclear war-
head life extension program.
quired by subsection (a) shall include the fol-
(1) An explanation of the unexpected in-
crease in cost of the W80-4 nuclear warhead
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(d) FoRM.—The reports required by sub-
section (c) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may include a classified annex.
SA 4511. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself
and Mr. RUBIO) submitted an amend-
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy,
to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title XII, add the following:
Subtitle H—U.S.-Greece Defense and
Interparliamentary Partnership Act of 2021
This subtitle may be cited as the "U.S.-
Greece Defense and Interparliamentary Part-
nership Act of 2021'.
Congress makes the following findings:
strong allies in the North Atlantic Treaty
Organization (NATO) and have
their defense relationship in recent years in
response to growing security challenges in
the Bastern Mediterranean region.
(2) Greece participates in several NATO
missions, including Operation Sea Guardian
in the Mediterranean and NATO's mission in
(3) The Eastern Mediterranean Security
and Energy Partnership Act (title II of divi-
sion J of Public Law 116-94), authorized new
assistance for Greece and Cyprus,
lifted the United States prohibition on arms
tablishment of a United States-Eastern Med-
iterranean Energy Center to facilitate en-
ergy cooperation among the United States,
(4) The United States has demonstrated its
for the trilateral
partnership of
Greece, Israel, and Cyprus through joint en-
gagement with Cyprus, Greece,
the United States in the '3+1" format.
(5) The United States and Greece have held
S8001
nean region. From Syria to Libya to the
chokepoint of the Black Sea, this is a criti-
cally important asset for the United States,
as our air force,
naval, and other resources
are applied to support our Alliance
tions and to help bring peace and stability."
(11) The USS Hershel
the second of a new class of United States
sea-basing ships, is now based out of Souda
Bay, the first permanent United States naval
deployment at the base.
(12) The United States cooperates with the
Stefanovikio, and Alexandroupolis,
where the United States Armed Forces con-
duct training, refueling, temporary mainte-
nance, storage, and emergency response.
longstanding International Military Edu-
cation and Training (IMET) program with
and the Government of Greece has
committed to provide $3 for every dollar in-
vested by the United States in the program.
amounted to an estimated 2.68 percent of its
domestic product
NATO's 2 percent of GDP benchmark agreed
to at the 2014 NATO Summit in Wales.
(15) Greece is eligible for the delivery of ex-
cess defense articles under section 516(c)(2) of
the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C.
(16) In September 2020, Greek Prime Min-
ister Kyriakos Mitsotakis announced plans
to modernize all three branches of the Hel-
(A) the future costs of the program; and
(B) schedule requirements.
(3) An analysis of the impacts on other pro-
the W80-4 nuclear warhead life
program, including—
(A) other life extension programs;
(B) infrastructure programs; and
(C) research, development, test, and eval-
uation programs.
(4) An analysis of the impacts that a delay
of the program will have on other programs
(A) technical or management challenges;
(B) changes in requirements for the W80-4
nuclear warhead life extension program.
(1) SUBMISSION TO NNSA.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the federally funded research and devel-
opment center shall submit to the Adminis-
trator a report on the study required by sub-
committed to hold an upcoming Strategic
Dialogue session in 2021 in Washington, D.C.
(6) In October 2019, the United States and
Greece agreed to update the United States-
Greece Mutual Defense Cooperation Agree-
ment, and the amended agreement officially
entered into force on February 13, 2020.
(7) The amended Mutual Defense Coopera-
tion Agreement provides for increased joint
United States-Greece and NATO activities at
Larissa, Stefanovikio, Alexandroupolis, and
other parts of central and northern Greece,
and allows for infrastructure improvements
at the United States Naval Support Activity
(8) In October 2020, Greek Foreign Minister
Nikos Dendias announced that Greece hopes
operation Agreement with the United States.
(9) The United States Naval Support Activ-
ity Souda Bay serves as a critical naval lo-
gistics hub for the United States Navy's 6th
than 210 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, the Administrator shall submit
to the congressional defense committees the
required by paragraph (1), without
sador to Greece Geoffrey Pyatt characterized
Souda Bay as 'our most important platform
for the projection of American power into a
Mediterranean.
(17) The modernization includes upgrades
to the arms of all three branches, including
Army, new heavy-duty torpedoes for the Hel-
lenic Navy, and new guided missiles for the
Hellenic Navy also plans to up-
grade its four MEKO 200HN frigates and pur-
chase four new multirole frigates of an un-
disclosed type, to be accompanied by 4 MH-
60R anti-submarine helicopters.
(19) The Hellenic Air Force plans to fully
Viper variant by 2027 and has expressed in-
participating in the F-35 Joint
SEC. 1293. SENSE OF CONGRESS.
It is the sense of Congress that-
(1) Greece is a pillar of stability in the
Mediterranean
United States should remain committed to
supporting its security and prosperity;
(2) the 3+1 format of cooperation among
Cyprus, Greece, Israel, and the United States
has been a successful forum to cooperate on
energy issues and should be expanded to in-
clude other areas of common concern to the
(3) the United States should increase and
deepen efforts to partner with and support
the modernization of the Greek military;
States that Greece continue to transition its
military equipment away from Russian-pro-
through the European Recapitalization In-
(5) the United States Government should
continue to deepen strong partnerships with
the Greek military, especially in co-develop-
ment and co-production opportunities with
(6) the naval partnerships with Greece at
Souda Bay and Alexandroupolis are mutu-
ally beneficial to the national security of the
United States
priate, support the sale of F-35 Joint Strike

===== PAGE 195 =====
{"alpha_words": 1144, "chars": 8023, "method": "ocr", "page": 195, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(8) the United States Government should
continue to invest in International Military
Education and Training (IMET) programs in
(9) the United States Government should
support joint maritime security cooperation
exercises with Cyprus, Greece, and Israel;
(10) in accordance with its legal authorities
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
Enhancement of interoperability and
capabilities for joint operations.
(5) Focusing on professional military edu-
cation, civilian control of the military, and
SEC. 1298. CYRUS STAR ISRAELI ANTHE
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established a
group, to be known as the 'Cyprus, Greece,
parliamentary Group", to serve as a legisla-
tive component to the 3+1 process launched
in Jerusalem in March 2019.
should consider
supporting private invest-
ment in strategic infrastructure projects in
to include shipyards and ports that
contribute to the security of the region and
Greece's prosperity;
(11) the extension of the Mutual Defense
Cooperation Agreement with Greece for a pe-
riod of five years includes deepened partner-
ships at Greek military facilities throughout
the country and is a welcome development;
(12) the United States Government should
establish the United States-Eastern Medi-
the Eastern Mediterranean Energy and Secu-
rity Partnership Act of 2019.
SEC. 1294. FUNDING FOR EUROPEAN RECAPITAL-
IZATION INCENTIVE PROGRAM.
(a) IN GENERAL.—To the maximum extent
feasible, of the funds appropriated for the
gram, $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022
through 2026 should be considered for Greece
as appropriate to assist the country in meet-
ing its defense needs and transitioning away
from Russian-produced military equipment.
-Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act,
Secretary of State shall submit to the appro-
congressional committees a report
that provides a full accounting of all funds
distributed under the European Recapitaliza-
tion Incentive Program, including
(1) identification of each recipient country;
description of how the funds were
(3) an accounting of remaining equipment
in recipient countries that was provided by
the then-Soviet Union or Russian Federa-
SEC. 1295. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON LOAN PRO-
It is the sense of Congress that, as appro-
priate, the United States Government should
provide direct loans to Greece for
curement of defense articles, defense serv-
and design and construction services
pursuant to the authority of section 23 of the
Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2763) to
support the further development of Greece's
military forces.
TRANSFER OF F-35 JOINT STRIKE
FIGHTER AIRCRAFT TO GREECE.
The President is authorized to expedite de-
livery of any future F-35 aircraft to Greece
once Greece is prepared to move
with such a purchase on such terms and con-
ditions as the President may require. Such
transfer shall be submitted to Congress pur-
under section 36 of the Arms Export Control
Act (22 U.S.C. 2776).
SEC. 1297. IMET COOPERATION WITH GREECE.
Of the amounts authorized to be appro-
priated for each of fiscal years 2022 through
2026 for International Military
(IMET) assistance,
shall be made available for Greece,
maximum extent practicable. The assistance
shall be made available for
(1) Training of future leaders.
(2) Fostering a better understanding of the
(3) Establishing
a rapport between the
United States Armed Forces
military to build partnerships for the future.
parliamentary Group shall include a group of
not more than 6 United States Senators, to
be known as the "United States group", who
shall be appointed jointly by the majority
leader and the minority leader of the Senate.
November 4, 2021
(4) terrorist and violent extremist organi-
zations exploit vulnerable and marginalized
communities suffering from poverty, lack of
economic opportunity (particularly
populations), corruption, and
governance; and
(5) a comprehensive,
agency approach is needed to develop an ef-
(A) to address the security challenges in
(B) to appropriately allocate resources and
(C) to maximize the effectiveness of United
States defense, diplomatic, and development
(C) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It is the policy
of the United States to assist countries in
North Africa and West Africa, and other al-
lies and partners that are active in those re-
gions, in combating terrorism and
agency approach with a consistent strategy
that appropriately balances security activi-
ties with diplomatic and development efforts
to address the political, socioeconomic, gov-
shall meet with members of the 3+1 group to
discuss issues on the agenda of the 3+1 delib-
Israel, Cyprus, and the United States to in-
tion, energy initiatives, and countering ma-
lign influence efforts by the People's Repub-
lic of China and the Russian Federation.
SEC. 1299. APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM-
In this subtitle, the term 'appropriate con-
gressional committees" means-
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations,
the Committee on Armed Services, and the
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate;
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the
Committee on Armed Services, and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House of
Representatives.
SA 4512. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself
and Mr. RISCH) submitted an amend-
ment intended
to be proposed
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the
SEC. 1036. TRANS-SAHARA COUNTERTERRORISM
tribute to terrorism and violent extremism.
TEES DEFINED.—In this subsection,
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of
(B) the Committee on Armed Services of
Committee on Appropriations of
(D) the Select Committee on Intelligence
(E) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of
the House of Representatives;
the House of Representatives;
(G) the Committee
Appropriations of
the House of Representatives; and
(H) the Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence of the House of Representatives.
(2) IN GENERAL.
State, in consultation with the Secretary of
Defense and the Administrator of the United
Agency for International Develop-
ment, shall establish a partnership program,
which shall be known as the 'Trans-Sahara
Counterterrorism Partnership Program" (re-
to in this subsection as the 'Pro-
gram"), to coordinate all programs, projects,
and activities of the United States Govern-
ment in countries in North Africa and West
(i) to improve governance and the capac-
ities of countries in North Africa and West
Africa to deliver basic services, particularly
to at-risk communities, as a means of coun-
terrorism and violent extremism
and countering corruption;
(ii) to address the factors that make people
and communities vulnerable to recruitment
by terrorist and violent extremist organiza-
tions, including economic vulnerability and
mistrust of government and government se-
cited as the 'Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism
Partnership Program Act of 2021".
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
(1) terrorist and violent extremist organi-
such as Al Qaeda in the Islamic
Maghreb, Boko Haram, the Islamic State of
have killed tens of thousands of innocent ci-
vilians, displaced populations, destabilized
local and national governments, and caused
mass human suffering in the affected com-
(2) poor governance, political and economic
for human rights abuses by security forces
are drivers of extremism;
(3) it is in the national security interest of
(A) to combat the spread of terrorism and
violent extremism; and
(B) to build the capacity of partner coun-
tries to combat such threats in Africa;
youth employment opportunities;
en's political participation;
(III) strengthening local
governance and
civil society capacity;
(V) fighting corruption;
(VI) improving access to economic oppor-

===== PAGE 196 =====
{"alpha_words": 1493, "chars": 10471, "method": "ocr", "page": 196, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
November 4, 2021

(VII) other development activities nec-
essary to support community resilience;

(iii) to strengthen the rule of law in such
countries, including by enhancing the capa-
bility of the judicial institutions to inde-
pendently, transparently, and credibly deter,
investigate, and prosecute acts of terrorism
and violent extremism;

(iv) to improve the ability of military and
law enforcement entities in partner coun-
tries—

(I) to detect, disrupt, respond to, and pros-
ecute violent extremist and terrorist activ-
ity, while respecting human rights; and

(II) to cooperate with the United States
and other partner countries on counterter-
rorism and counter-extremism efforts;

(v) to enhance the border security capacity
of partner countries, including the ability to
monitor, detain, and interdict terrorists;

(vi) to identify, monitor, disrupt, and
counter the human capital and financing
pipelines of terrorism; or

(vii) to support the free expression and op-
erations of independent, local-language
media, particularly in rural areas, while
countering the media operations and recruit-
ment propaganda of terrorist and violent ex-
tremist organizations.

(B) ASSISTANCE FRAMEWORK.—Program ac-
tivities shall—

(i) be carried out in countries in which the
Secretary of State, in consultation with the
Secretary of Defense and the Administrator
of the United States Agency for Inter-
national Development—

(I) determines that there is an adequate
level of partner country commitment; and

(II) has considered partner country needs,
absorptive capacity, sustainment capacity,
and efforts of other donors in the sector;

(ii) have clearly defined outcomes;

(iii) be closely coordinated among United
States diplomatic and development missions,
United States Africa Command, and relevant
participating departments and agencies;

(iv) have specific plans with robust indica-
tors to regularly monitor and evaluate out-
comes and impact;

(v) complement and enhance efforts to pro-
mote democratic governance, the rule of law,
human rights, and economic growth;

(vi) in the case of train and equip pro-
grams, complement longer-term security
sector institution-building; and

(vii) have mechanisms in place to track re-
sources and routinely monitor and evaluate
the efficacy of relevant programs.

(C) CONSULTATION.—In coordinating activi-
ties through the Program, the Secretary of
State shall consult, as appropriate, with the
heads of relevant Federal departments and
agencies, aS determined by the President.

(D) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION.—Not
later than 15 days before obligating amounts
for an activity coordinated through the Pro-
gram under subparagraph (A), the Secretary
of State shall notify the appropriate congres-
sional committees, in accordance with sec-
tion 634A of the Foreign Assistance Act of
1961 (22 U.S.C. 2394-1), of—

(i) the foreign country and entity, as appli-
cable, whose capabilities are to be enhanced
in accordance with the purposes described in
subparagraph (A);

(ii) the amount, type, and purpose of sup-
port to be provided;

(iii) the absorptive capacity of the foreign
country to effectively implement the assist-
ance to be provided;

(iv) the extent to which state security
forces of the foreign country have been im-
plicated in gross violations of human rights
and the risk that obligated funds may be
used to perpetrate further abuses;

(v) the anticipated implementation
timeline for the activity; and

CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE

(vi) the plans to sustain any military or se-
curity equipment provided beyond the com-
pletion date of such activity, if applicable,
and the estimated cost and source of funds to
support such sustainment.

(3) INTERNATIONAL COORDINATION.—Efforts
carried out under this subsection—

(A) shall take into account partner coun-
try counterterrorism, counter-extremism,
and development strategies;

(B) shall be aligned with such strategies, to
the extent practicable; and

(C) shall be coordinated with counterter-
rorism and counter-extremism activities and
programs in the areas of defense, diplomacy,
and development carried out by other like-
minded donors and international organiza-
tions in the relevant country.

(4) STRATEGIES .—

(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State, in consultation with
the Secretary of Defense and the Adminis-
trator of the United States Agency for Inter-
national Development and other relevant
Federal Government agencies, shall submit
the strategies described in subparagraphs (B)
and (C) to the appropriate congressional
committees.

(B) COMPREHENSIVE, 5-YEAR STRATEGY FOR
THE SAHEL-MAGHREB.—The Secretary of State
shall develop a comprehensive, 5-year strat-
egy for the Sahel-Maghreb, including details
related to whole-of-government efforts in the
areas of defense, diplomacy, and develop-
ment to advance the national security, eco-
nomic, and humanitarian interests of the
United States, including—

(i) efforts to ensure coordination with mul-
tilateral and bilateral partners, such as the
Joint Force of the Group of Five of the
Sahel, and with other relevant assistance
frameworks;

(ii) a public diplomacy strategy and ac-
tions to ensure that populations in the
Sahel-Maghreb are aware of the development
activities of the United States Government,
especially in countries with a significant De-
partment of Defense presence or engagement
through train and equip programs;

(iii) activities aimed at supporting demo-
cratic institutions and countering violent
extremism with measurable goals and trans-
parent benchmarks;

(iv) plans to help each partner country ad-
dress humanitarian and development needs
and to help prevent, respond to, and mitigate
intercommunal violence;

(v) a comprehensive plan to support secu-
rity sector reform in each partner country
that includes a detailed section on programs
and activities being undertaken by relevant
stakeholders and other international actors
operating in the sector; and

(vi) a specific strategy for Mali that in-
cludes plans for sustained, high-level diplo-
matic engagement with stakeholders, includ-
ing countries in Europe and the Middle Hast
with interests in the Sahel-Maghreb, re-
gional governments, relevant multilateral
organizations, signatory groups of the Agree-
ment for Peace and Reconciliation in Mali,
done in Algiers July 24, 2014, and civil soci-
ety actors.

(C) A COMPREHENSIVE 5-YEAR STRATEGY FOR
PROGRAM COUNTERTERRORISM EFFORTS.—The
Secretary of State shall develop a com-
prehensive 5-year strategy for the Program
that includes—

(i) a clear statement of the objectives of
United States counterterrorism efforts in
North Africa and West Africa with respect to
the use of all forms of United States assist-
ance to combat terrorism and counter vio-
lent extremism, including efforts—

(I) to build military and civilian law en-
forcement capacity;

(II) to strengthen the rule of law;

$8003

(III) to promote responsive and account-
able governance; and

(IV) to address the root causes of terrorism
and violent extremism;

(ii) a plan for coordinating programs
through the Program pursuant to paragraph
(2)(A), including identifying the agency or
bureau of the Department of State, as appli-
cable, that will be responsible for leading
and coordinating each such program;

(iii) a plan to monitor, evaluate, and share
data and learning about the Program in ac-
cordance with monitoring and evaluation
provisions under sections 3 and 4 of the For-
eign Aid Transparency and Accountability
Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 2394c note and 2394c);
and

(iv) a plan for ensuring coordination and
compliance with related requirements in
United States law, including the Global Fra-
gility Act of 2019 (22 U.S.C. 9801 et seq.).

(D) CONSULTATION.—Not later than 90 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State shall consult with the
appropriate congressional committees re-
garding the progress made towards devel-
oping the strategies required under subpara-
graphs (B) and (C).

(5) SUPPORTING MATERIAL IN ANNUAL BUDG-
ET REQUEST.—

(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State
shall include a description of the require-
ments, activities, and planned allocation of
amounts requested by the Program in the
budget materials submitted to Congress in
support of the President’s annual budget re-
quest pursuant to section 1105 of title 31,
United States Code, for each fiscal year be-
ginning after the date of the enactment of
this Act and annually thereafter for the fol-
lowing 5 years.

(B) EXCEPTION.—The requirement under
subparagraph (A) shall not apply to activi-
ties of the Department of Defense conducted
pursuant to authorities under title 10, United
States Code.

(6) MONITORING AND EVALUATION OF PRO-
GRAMS AND ACTIVITIES.—Not later than 1 year
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and annually thereafter for the following 5
years, the Secretary of State, in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of Defense and the
Administrator of the United States Agency
for International Development, shall submit
a report to the appropriate congressional
committees that describes—

(A) the progress made in meeting the ob-
jectives of the strategies required under sub-
paragraphs (B) and (C) of paragraph (4), in-
cluding any lessons learned in carrying out
Program activities and any recommenda-
tions for improving such programs and ac-
tivities;

(B) the efforts taken to coordinate, de-con-
flict, and streamline Program activities to
maximize resource effectiveness;

(C) the extent to which each partner coun-
try has demonstrated the ability to absorb
the equipment or training provided in the
previous year under the Program, and as ap-
plicable, the ability to maintain and appro-
priately utilize such equipment;

(D) the extent to which each partner coun-
try is investing its own resources to advance
the goals described in paragraph (2)(A) or is
demonstrating a commitment and willing-
ness to cooperate with the United States to
advance such goals;

(EK) the actions taken by the government of
each partner country receiving assistance
under the Program to combat corruption,
improve transparency and accountability,
and promote other forms of democratic gov-
ernance;

(F) the extent to which state security
forces in each partner country have been im-
plicated in gross violations of human rights
during the reporting period, including how

===== PAGE 197 =====
{"alpha_words": 1286, "chars": 8922, "method": "ocr", "page": 197, "variant": "plain-vision"}
such gross violations of human rights have
addressed and
through Program activities;
(G) the assistance provided in each of the 3
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
Defense, for military construction, and
fied form if providing such information in
activities of the Depart-
unclassified form could reasonably be ex-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
pected to cause damage to the foreign rela-
tions or foreign activities of the
broken down by partner country, including
statutory authorization, and pur-
pose of all United States security assistance
provided to the country pursuant to authori-
ties under title 10,
United States Code,
Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151
et seq.), or any other "train and equip' au-
thorities of the Department of Defense; and
(H) any changes or updates to the Com-
prehensive 5-Year Strategy for the Program
required under paragraph (4)(C) necessitated
by the findings in this annual report.
(7) REPORTING REQUIREMENT RELATED TO
AUDIT OF BUREAU OF AFRICAN AFFAIRS MONI-
TORING AND COORDINATION OF THE TRANS-SA-
HARA COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIP PRO-
GRAM.—Not later than 90 days after the date
of the enactment of this Act, and every 120
days thereafter until the earlier of the date
on which all 13 recommendations in the Sep-
tember 2020 Department of State Office of In-
spector General audit entitled 'Audit of the
Department of State Bureau of African Af-
Monitoring and Coordination
Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism Partnership
Program' (AUD-MERO-20-42) are closed or
the date that is 3 years after the date of the
enactment of this
Act, the Secretary of
State shall submit a report to the appro-
priate congressional committees that identi-
(A) which of the 13 recommendations in
AUD-MERO-20-42 have not been closed;
(B) a description of progress made since
report toward
ommendation identified under subparagraph
(C) additional resources needed,
assessment of staffing
capacity, if any, to
complete action required to close each rec-
ommendation identified under subparagraph
(D) the anticipated timeline for completion
ommendation identified under subparagraph
provides authorization for each international
and qualifying
ommendations into all existing security as-
strument provided under clause (ii) to be-
sistance programs managed by the Depart-
ment of State under the Program.
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
ENHANCING TRANSPARENCY
INTERNATIONAL AGREEMENTS AND
(a) SECTION 112B OF TITLE 1.-
GENERAL.—Chapter
2 of title 1,
United States Code, is amended by striking
section 112b and inserting the following:
United States international agree-
ments; transparency provisions
'(a)(1) Not less frequently than once each
month, the Secretary, through the Legal Ad-
viser of the Department of State, shall pro-
vide in writing to the appropriate congres-
sional committees the following:
"(A)(i) A list
of all international agree-
and qualifying
ments approved for negotiation by
retary or another Department of State offi-
cer at the Assistant Secretary level or high-
er during the prior month, or, in the event
non-binding instrument is
the list required by this clause,
agreement or qualifying non-binding instru-
ment as authorized under paragraph (4)(A).
'(ii) A description of the intended subject
matter and parties to or participants for
each international agreement and qualifying
non-binding instrument listed pursuant to
"(B)(i) A list of all international agree-
ments signed, concluded, or otherwise final-
ized during the prior month.
"(ii) The text of all international agree-
and qualifying
ments described in clause (i).
"(iii) A detailed description of the legal au-
relied upon in relation to an international
agreement or qualifying non-binding instru-
than 120 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, the Secretary of State shall sub-
mit a report to Congress that describes plans
ment, the Secretary shall cite all such au-
thorities. All citations to a treaty or statute
shall include the specific article or section
and subsection reference whenever available
resentative sample of each of the security as-
and, if not available, shall be as specific as
sistance programs administered by the Bu-
possible. If the authority relied upon is or in-
reau of African Affairs that—
cludes article II of the Constitution of the
(A) identifies potential waste, fraud, abuse,
United States, the Secretary shall explain
inefficiencies, or deficiencies; and
(B) includes an analysis of staff capacity,
A list of all international agree-
including human resource needs,
ments that entered into force and qualifying
resources, procedural guidance,
non-binding instruments that became opera-
toring and evaluation processes to ensure
the United States or an agency of
Bureau of African Affairs is man-
the United States during the prior month.
aging programs efficiently and effectively.
"(ii) The text of all international
FoRM.—The strategies required under
and qualifying non-binding
subparagraphs (B) and (C) of paragraph (4)
ments described in clause (i).
and the report required under paragraph (6)
'(iii) A statement describing any new or
submitted in unclassified form, but
amended statutory or regulatory authority
may include a classified annex.
anticipated to be required
this section may be construed as authorizing
ment each proposed international agreement
non-binding instrument in-
the use of military force.
cluded in the list described in clause (i).
SA 4513. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself
"(iv) A statement of whether there were
RISCH) submitted
any opportunities for public comment on the
to be proposed
international agreement or qualifying non-
binding instrument prior to the conclusion
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
of such agreement or instrument.
and intended to be proposed to
"(2) The Secretary may provide any of the
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
information or texts of international agree-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
qualifying non-binding
tary activities of the Department of
ments required under paragraph (1) in classi-
'(3) In the case of a general authorization
issued for the negotiation or conclusion of a
of international agreements
same general type,
the requirements of this
subsection may be satisfied by the provision
"(A) a single notification containing
the information required by this subsection;
(B) a list, to the extent describea in suc.
reneral authorization, oi the countries or en
tities with which such agreements are con-
'(4)(A) The Secretary may, on a case-by-
waive the requirements of sub-
section (a)(1)(A)(i) with respect to a specific
international agreement or qualifying non-
binding instrument for renewable periods of
to 180 days if the Secretary certifies in
the appropriate congressional
'(i) exercising the waiver authority is vital
the negotiation of a particular
national agreement or qualifying non-bind-
ing instrument; and
"(ii) the international agreement or quali-
fying non-binding instrument would signifi-
cantly and materially advance the foreign
policy or national security interests of the
'(B) The Secretary shall brief the Majority
Leader and the Minority Leader of the Sen-
ate, the Speaker and the Minority Leader of
the House of Representatives, and the Chairs
and Ranking Members of the appropriate
congressional committees on the scope and
status of the negotiation that is the subject
of the waiver under subparagraph (A)-
"(i) not later than 60 calendar days after
the waiver; and
every 180 calendar days during
the period in which a renewed waiver is in ef-
'(C) The certification required by subpara-
graph (A) may be provided in classified form.
'(D) The Secretary shall not delegate the
under subparagraph (A). The
retary shall not delegate the briefing re-
quirements under subparagraph (B) to any
person other than the Deputy Secretary.
'(b)(1) Not less frequently than once each
month, the Secretary shall make the text of
all international
that entered
into force during the prior month, and the
(B)(iii) of subsection (a)(1) and clauses (iii)
and (iv) of subparagraph (C) of such sub-
available to the public
website of the Department of State.
'(2) The requirement under paragraph (1)—
including the text of an international agree-
ment, that is classified; and
'(B) shall apply to any information, in-
cluding the text of an international agree-
ment, that is unclassified, except that the
(B)(iii) of subsection (a)(1) and clauses (iii)
and (iv) of subparagraph (C) of such sub-
section shall not be subject to the require-
ment under paragraph (1) if the international
agreement to which it relates is classified.
'(3)(A) Not less frequently than once every
90 calendar days, the Secretary
the text of all unclassified qualifying non-
binding instruments that become
available to the public on the website of the

===== PAGE 198 =====
{"alpha_words": 1285, "chars": 8659, "method": "ocr", "page": 198, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
"(B) The requirement under subparagraph
(A) Shall not apply to a qualifying non-bind-
ing instrument if making the text of that in-
strument available to the public could rea-
sonably be expected to cause damage to the
foreign relations or foreign activities of the
United States.
"(c) For any international agreement or
qualitying non-binding instrument, not later
than 30 calendar days after the date on which
the Secretary receives a written communica-
tion from the Chair or Ranking Member of
either of the appropriate congressional com-
mittees requesting
menting agreements or instruments, wheth-
shall submit such implementing agreements
or instruments to the appropriate congres-
United States Government that enters into
any international agreement or qualifying
non-binding instrument on behalf of itself or
to the Secretary the text of
each international agreement not later than
30 calendar days after the date on which such
'(2) provide to the Secretary the text of
each qualifying non-binding instrument not
later than 30 calendar days after the date of
the written communication described in sub-
section (m)(3)(A)(ii)(II); and
'(3) on an ongoing basis, provide any im-
transmittal to the appropriate congressional
committees as needed to satisfy the require-
ments described in subsection (C).
"(e)(1) Each department or agency of the
United States Government that enters into
any international agreement
non-binding instrument on behalf of itself or
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(B) For purposes of this subsection, a vio-
lation shall be considered to be inadvertent
if, not later than 5 business days after the
date on which a Department of State official
first learns of the violation, the Secretary
"(i) certifies in writing to the appropriate
congressional committees that, to the Sec-
retary's knowledge, the Department of State
was unaware of the violation at the time of
the obligation or expenditure; and
"(ii) satisfies the substantive requirements
in subsection (a) with respect to the inter-
national agreement concerned.
This subsection shall take effect on
'(i)(1) Not later than 3 years after the date
of the enactment of this Act, and not less
frequently than once every 2 years there-
after, the Comptroller General of the United
States shall conduct an audit of the compli-
ance of the Secretary with the requirements
'(2) In any instance in which a failure by
the Secretary to comply with such require-
ments is determined by the Comptroller Gen-
eral to have been due to the failure or refusal
of another agency to provide information or
material to the Department of State, or the
failure to do so in a timely manner, the
Comptroller General shall engage such other
"(A) the cause and scope of such failure or
'(A) be selected from among employees of
such department or agency;
'(B) serve concurrently as the Chief Inter-
national Agreements Officer; and
'(C) subject to the authority of the head of
or agency-wide responsibility
sible for such failure or refusal; and
"(C) penalties
or other recommendations
for measures to ensure compliance with stat-
"(3) The Comptroller General shall submit
to the appropriate congressional committees
in writing the results of each audit required
'(4) The Comptroller General and the Sec-
retary shall make the results of each audit
required by paragraph (1) publicly available
on the websites of the Government Account-
ability Office and the Department of State,
"(j)(1) Not later than February 1 of each
year, the Secretary shall submit to the ap-
propriate congressional committees a writ-
ten report that contains a list of-
'(2) The Chief International Agreements
serve in the Office of the Legal Adviser with
the title of International Agreements Com-
"(f) Texts of oral international agreements
and qualifying non-binding instruments shall
be reduced to writing and subject to the re-
quirements of subsection (a).
'(g) Notwithstanding any
other provision
of law, an international agreement may not
be signed or otherwise concluded on behalf of
the United States without prior consultation
with the Secretary. Such consultation may
encompass a class of agreements rather than
"(h)(1) Notwithstanding any other
sion of law, no amounts appropriated to the
Department of State under any law shall be
conclude or implement or to support the con-
implementation of (including
subject to the authority of a chief of mis-
sion) an international agreement, other than
to facilitate compliance with this section,
until the Secretary satisfies the substantive
requirements in subsection (a) with respect
to that international agreement.
funds that does not comply with the prohibi-
tion described in paragraph (1) shall not con-
stitute a violation of paragraph (1) or any
other law if such violation was inadvertent.
were signed or otherwise concluded, entered
into force or otherwise became operative, or
that were modified or otherwise
during the preceding calendar year; and
included in the list under subparagraph (A)—
"(i) the dates of any action described in
such subparagraph;
"(ii) the title of the agreement or instru-
'(iii) a summary of the agreement or in-
strument (including a description of the du-
ration of activities under the agreement
instrument and a description of the agree-
ment or instrument).
"(2) The report described in paragraph (1)
shall be submitted in unclassified form,
may include a classified annex.
'(3)(A) The Secretary should make the re-
port, except for any classified annex, avail-
able to the public on the website of the De-
partment of State.
year, the Secretary shall make available to
the public on the website of the Department
of State each part of the report involving an
agreement or qualifying non-
binding instrument that entered into force
or became operative during the preceding
annex or information contained therein.
'(4) Not less frequently than once every 90
calendar days, the Secretary shall brief the
appropriate congressional committees on de-
with regard to treaties, other
international agreements,
on the foreign relations of the United States.
'(k) The President shall, through the Sec-
tions as may be necessary to carry out this
'(1) It is the sense of Congress that the ex-
ecutive branch should not prescribe or other-
wise commit to or include specific legislative
text in a treaty, executive agreement,
non-binding instrument unless Congress has
'(m) In this section:
'(1) The term 'appropriate congressional
"(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations
of the Senate; and
'(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of
the House of Representatives.
'(2) The term 'Deputy Secretary' means
the Deputy Secretary of State.
has the meaning given that term in section
3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50
U.S.C. 3003(4)).
'(4) The term 'international agreement' in-
and co asent of the send re pures int to atte
'(B) any other international agreement to
which the United States is a party and that
is not subject to the advice and consent of
'(5)(A) The term 'qualifying non-binding
instrument' means a non-binding instrument
"(i) is or will be under negotiation or is
signed or otherwise becomes operative with
one or more foreign governments,
including non-state actors; and
"(ii)(I) could reasonably be expected to
have a significant impact on the foreign pol-
'(II) is the subject of a written commu-
nication from the Chair or Ranking Member
of either of the appropriate
committees to the Secretary.
'(B) The term 'qualifying non-binding in-
strument does not include any non-binding
instrument that is signed or
comes operative pursuant to the authorities
provided in title
10 or the authorities pro-
vided to any element
of the intelligence
'(6) The term 'Secretary' means the Sec-
retary of State.
'(7)(A) The term 'text' with respect to an
international agreement or qualifying non-
binding instrument includes-
agreement, side letter, or any document of
similar purpose or function to the aforemen-
tioned, regardless of the title of the docu-
entered into
neously and in conjunction with the inter-
national agreement or qualifying non-bind-
'(ii) any implementing agreement or ar-
rangement, or any document of similar pur-
pose or function to the aforementioned re-
gardless of the title of the document, that is
entered into contemporaneously and in con-
with the international agreement
or qualifying non-binding instrument.
'(B) Under clauses (i) and (ii) of subpara-
graph (A), the term 'contemporaneously and
in conjunction with' shall be construed lib-
erally and shall not be interpreted to mean
simultaneously or on the same day."
sections at the beginning of chapter 2 of title

===== PAGE 199 =====
{"alpha_words": 1217, "chars": 8468, "method": "ocr", "page": 199, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S8006
1, United States Code, is amended by strik-
ing the item relating to section 112b and in-
serting the following:
'112b.
United states
international agree-
(3) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENT
RELATING TO AUTHORITIES OF THE SECRETARY
OF STATE.—Section 317(h)(2) of the Homeland
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C.
amended by striking "Section 112b(C)"
inserting 'Section 112b(g)".
(4)
AUTHORIZATION
There is authorized to be appropriated to the
Department of State $1,000,000 for each of fis-
cal years 2022 through 2026 for purposes of
implementing
the requirements of section
112b of title 1, United States Code, as amend-
ed by this subsection.
(5)
RULES AND REGULATIONS.—Not later
than 180 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, the President shall, through the
Secretary
State, promulgate such
and regulations as may be necessary to carry
out
Code, as amended by this subsection.
(b) SECTION 112A OF TITLE 1.—Section 112a
of title 1, United States Code, is amended-
(1) in subsection (a), by striking "(a) The
and inserting "The
(2) by striking subsections (b), (c), and (d).
SA 4514. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-
self and Mr. PORTMAN) submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department
Defense, for military construction, and
defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
RESEARCH INTO NON-OPIOID PAIN
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Health
and Human Services, acting through the Di-
rector of the National Institutes of Health
and the Director of the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention,
shall carry out re-
search with respect to non-opioid methods of
ceutical remedies for pain and integrative
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—To
carry out this section, there are authorized
to be appropriated such sums as may be nec-
SEC. 1066. CONTINUING CARE AND
SUPPORT TO MAINTAIN RECOVERY.
Title V of the Public Health Service Act is
amended by inserting after section 547A of
such Act (42 U.S.C. 290ee-2a) the following:
"SEC. 547B. CONTINUING CARE AND COMMUNITY
SUPPORT TO MAINTAIN RECOVERY.
'(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary
award grants to peer recovery support serv-
ices, for the purposes of providing continuing
care and ongoing community support for in-
dividuals to maintain recovery
"(b) DEFINITION.—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the term 'peer recovery support serv-
ices' means an independent nonprofit organi-
zation that provides peer recovery support
through credentialed peer support
'(C) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—
There are authorized to be appropriated, for
$50,000,000 for purposes of awarding grants
SA 4515. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself
and Mr. RISCH) submitted
ment intended to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end, add the following:
DIVISION E-DEPARTMENT OF STATE
AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2021
This division may be cited as the "Depart-
ment of State Authorization Act of 2021".
(1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL
-The term "'appropriate congressional
committees'" means the Committee on For-
eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-
on Foreign Affairs of the House of
(2) DEPARTMENT.—If not otherwise speci-
"'Department'"
Department of State.
(3) SECRETARY.—If not otherwise specified.
the term "Secretary'" means the Secretary
November 4, 2021
(5) the United States Government must use
all of the instruments of national security
and foreign policy at its disposal to protect
States
citizens,
promote
United
and
values, and
support
global stability and prosperity;
(6) United States security and prosperity
depend on having partners and allies that
share our interests and values,
partnerships are nurtured and our shared in-
values are promoted
United States diplomatic engagement, secu-
assistance that helps further economic de-
velopment, good governance, including
rule of law and democratic institutions, and
the development of shared responses to nat-
ural and humanitarian disasters;
United States Government agen-
cies primarily charged with
plomacy and development,
the Department
national Development (USAID) require sus-
tained and robust funding to carry out this
to project United States leadership
and values and to advance United States in-
terests around the world;
(8) the work of the Department and USAID
makes the United States and the world safer
poverty and hunger, fighting HIV/AIDS and
other infectious diseases, strengthening alli-
ances, expanding educational opportunities
for women and girls, promoting good govern-
ance and democracy, supporting anti-corrup-
preventing armed conflicts
humanitarian crises, and creating American
jobs and export opportunities;
(9) the Department and USAID are vital
national security
agencies, whose work is
critical to the projection of United States
power and leadership worldwide, and without
which Americans would be less safe, United
States economic power would be diminished,
global stability and prosperity would
(10) investing in diplomacy and
ment before conflicts break out saves Amer-
ican lives while also being cost-effective; and
(11) the contributions of personnel working
at the Department and USAID are extraor-
States to maintain its leadership around the
BUREAU OF DEMOCRACY, HUMAN
Paragraph (2) of section 1(C) of the State
Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22
(1) in subparagraph (A), by adding at the
end the following new sentence: 'All special
there are authorized to be ap-
for each of fiscal years 2022 through 2026.
SEC. 1065. LONG-TERM TREATMENT AND RECOV-
ERY SUPPORT SERVICES OUTCOMES
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Health
and Human Services shall award grants to
eligible entities to carry out evidence-based,
long-term outcomes research, over 5-year pe-
riods, for different modalities of treatment
and recovery support for substance use dis-
order, including culturally competent (as de-
fined in
section
102 of the
Developmental
Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act
of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 15002)) treatment. Such re-
search shall measure mortality, morbidity,
physical and emotional health, employment,
stable
housing,
criminal justice
involve-
ment,
family relationships, and other qual-
ity-of-life measures. Such research shall dis-
tinguish outcomes based on race, gender, and
socioeconomic status, as well as any
other
relevant characteristics.
Human Rights, and Labor shall report di-
rectly to the Assistant Secretary unless oth-
ATIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE
SEC. 5101. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON IMPORTANCE
OF DEPARTMENT OF STATE'S WORK.
It is the sense of Congress that-
(1) United States global engagement is key
to a stable and prosperous world;
(2) United States leadership is indispen-
sable in light of the many complex and inter-
connected threats facing the United States
and the world;
(3) diplomacy and development are critical
tools of national power, and full deployment
of these tools is vital to United States na-
tional security;
(4) challenges
such as the global refugee
and
migration
crises,
terrorism,
historic
famine and food insecurity, and fragile or re-
pressive societies cannot be addressed with-
out sustained and robust United States dip-
lomatic and development leadership;
"section" and inserting
"sections 116 and"; and
(B) by inserting before the period at the
end the following: "(commonly referred to as
the
annual
'Country
Reports
on Human
Rights Practices')"; and
(3) by adding at the end the following new
subparagraphs:
"(C) AUTHORITIES.—In addition to the du-
ties, functions, and responsibilities specified
in this paragraph, the Assistant Secretary of
State for Democracy, Human Rights, and
Labor is authorized to
'(i) promote democracy and actively sup-
port human rights throughout the world;
"(ii) promote the rule of law and good gov-
ernance throughout the world;
"(iii) strengthen,
empower,
and protect
civil society representatives, programs, and

===== PAGE 200 =====
{"alpha_words": 1229, "chars": 8644, "method": "ocr", "page": 200, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
organizations, and facilitate their ability to
engage in dialogue with governments and
other civil society entities;
'(iv) work with regional bureaus to ensure
adequate personnel at diplomatic posts are
assigned responsibilities relating to advanc-
ing democracy, human rights, labor rights,
women's equal participation in society, and
the rule of law, with particular attention
paid to adequate oversight and engagement
on such issues by senior officials at such
'(V) review and, as appropriate, make rec-
ommendations that shall
weight to those of other bureaus or offices to
Secretary of state regarding the pro-
posed transfer of-
'(I) defense articles and defense services
authorized under the Foreign Assistance Act
of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) or the Arms Ex-
port Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.); and
"(II) military items listed on the '600 se-
ries' of the Commerce Control List contained
1 to part 774 of subtitle B
of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations;
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
member of such unit shall receive such as- SEC. 5104. BUREAU OF CONSULAR AFFAIRS; BU-
sistance from the United States Government
REAU OF POPULATION, REFUGEES,
"(iv) Ensuring
rights and women's participation issues in
law enforcement programs,
with the Assistant Secretary for Democracy,
Human Rights, and Labor,
and other senior
officials in regional and thematic bureaus
'(v) Combating, in conjunction with other
relevant bureaus of the Department of State
and other United states Government agen-
crime, including human trafficking, illicit
trafficking in
Section 1 of the State Department Basic
Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a) is
(1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (j); and
(2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-
'(g) BUREAU OF CONSULAR AFFAIRS.—There
is in the Department of State the Bureau of
Consular Affairs, which shall be headed by
Assistant Secretary of State for
"(h) BUREAU OF POPULATION, REFUGEES,
AND MIGRATION.—There is in the Department
of State the Bureau of Population, Refugees,
and Migration, which shall be headed by the
Assistant Secretary of State for Population,
Refugees, and Migration.".
INTERNATIONAL DIS-
human rights and internet freedom in cyber-
'(vii) implement other relevant policies
and provisions of law.
'(D) LOCAL OVERSIGHT.—United States mis-
when executing DRL programming, to
the extent practicable, should assist in exer-
cising oversight authority
of Democracy,
Rights, and Labor to ensure that funds are
appropriately used and comply with anti-cor-
ruption practices."
ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR INTER-
NATIONAL NARCOTICS AND LAW EN-
Section 1(c) of the State
Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4)
as paragraphs (4) and (5); and
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
NATIONAL NARCOTICS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT
"(A) IN GENERAL.—There is authorized to
be in the Department of State an Assistant
Secretary for International
Law Enforcement Affairs, who shall be re-
sponsible to the Secretary of State for all
pertaining to international narcotics, anti-
crime, and law enforcement affairs in the
conduct of foreign policy by the Department,
including, as appropriate, leading the coordi-
of programs carried
out by United
States Government agencies
may from time to time designate.
'(B) AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITY.—The As-
sistant Secretary for International Narcotics
and Law Enforcement Affairs shall maintain
continuous observation and coordination of
all matters pertaining to international nar-
cotics, anti-crime, and law enforcement af-
fairs in the conduct of foreign policy, includ-
States Government agencies when such pro-
grams pertain to the following matters:
production and trafficking.
"(ii) Strengthening
apacity, appeals systems, law enforcemer
agencies, prison systems, and the sharing of
and equipping foreign po-
lice, border control, other government offi-
cials, and other civilian law enforcement au-
thorities for anti-crime purposes, including
that no foreign security unit or
bulk cash, the licit use of financial systems
malign purposes,
and other new and
"(vi) Identifying and responding to global
including strengthening the ca-
pacity of foreign government institutions re-
sponsible for addressing financial crimes and
engaging with multilateral organizations re-
sponsible for monitoring and supporting for-
eign governments' anti-corruption efforts.
"(C) ADDITIONAL DUTIES.—In addition
the responsibilities specified in subparagraph
national Narcotics and Law Enforcement Af-
"(i) carry out timely and substantive con-
sultation with chiefs of mission and, as ap-
propriate, the heads of other United States
Government agencies to ensure effective co-
ordination of all international narcotics and
law enforcement programs carried out over-
seas by the Department and such other agen-
'(ii) coordinate with the Office of National
learned from other United States Govern-
ment agencies are available to the Bureau of
International Narcotics and Law Enforce-
ment Affairs of the Department;
"(iii) develop standard requirements for
monitoring and evaluation of Bureau pro-
grams, including metrics for success that do
solely on the amounts of illegal
drugs that are produced or seized;
"(iv) in coordination with the Secretary of
State, annually
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-
ate that United States and the Committee
on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-
atives enforcement personnel posted abroad
whose activities are funded to any extent by
the Bureau of International Narcotics and
Law Enforcement Affairs are complying with
section 207 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980
(22 U.S.C. 3927); and
'(V) carry out such other relevant duties
as the Secretary may assign.
"(D) RULE OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in
this paragraph may be construed to limit or
impair the authority or responsibility of any
other Federal agency with respect to law en-
forcement, domestic security operations, or
intelligence activities as defined in Execu
tablished in the Department of state an Of-
fice of International Disability Rights (re-
ferred to in this section as the "Office").
(1) seek to ensure that all United States
foreign operations are accessible to, and in-
clusive of, persons with disabilities;
(2) promote the human rights and full par-
ticipation in international development ac-
tivities of all persons with disabilities;
(3) promote disability inclusive
and the training of Department of State staff
on soliciting quality programs that are fully
inclusive of people with disabilities;
matic and multilateral fora on matters rel-
evant to the rights of persons with disabil-
ities, and work to raise the profile of dis-
ability across a broader range of organiza-
tions contributing to international develop-
(5) conduct regular consultation with civil
international disability rights and empower
persons with disabilities internationally;
(6) consult with other relevant offices at
progress on human rights, including,
ever applicable, references to
prejudice, or abuses of per-
(7) advise the Bureau of Human Resources
or its equivalent within the Department re-
garding the hiring and recruitment and over-
seas practices of civil service employees and
Foreign Service officers with disabilities and
their family members with chronic medical
conditions or disabilities; and
(8) carry out such other relevant duties as
the Secretary of State may assign.
NATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL STRATEGY RE-
PORT.—Subsection (a) of section 489
2291h) is amended by inserting after
graph (9) the following new paragraph:
"(10) A separate section that contains an
identification of all
United States Govern-
ment-supported units funded by the Bureau
of International Narcotics and Law Enforce-
ations by such units in which United States
law enforcement personnel have been phys-
ically present.".
(1) a senior advisor to the appropriate As-
sistant Secretary of State; or
(2) an officer exercising significant author-
retary of State, appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate.
(d) CONSULTATION.—The Secretary of State
should direct Ambassadors at Large,
resentatives, Special Envoys.
tors working on human rights to consult
with the Office to promote the human rights
and full participation in international devel-
opment activities of all persons with disabil-
SEC. 5106. SPECIAL APPOINTMENT AUTHORITY.
Section 1 of the State Department Basic
Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a), as
amended by section 5104 of this Act, is fur-
ther amended by inserting after subsection
(h) the following new subsection:
'(i) SPECIAL APPOINTMENTS.—

===== PAGE 201 =====
{"alpha_words": 1165, "chars": 8146, "method": "ocr", "page": 201, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"(1) POSITIONS EXERCISING SIGNIFICANT AU-
-The President may, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate,
point an individual as a Special Envoy, Spe-
Coordinator, Special Advisor, or other posi-
tion performing a similar function, regard-
less of title, at the Department of State ex-
significant authority
the laws of the United States. Except as pro-
vided in paragraph (3) or in clause 3, section
2, article II of the Constitution (relating to
recess appointments), an individual may not
be designated as a Special Envoy, |
Representative, Special Coordinator,
Envoy, Representative,
nator, Special Advisor, or other position per-
title, at the Department exercising signifi-
cant authority pursuant to the laws of the
United States without the advice and con-
'(2) POSITIONS NOT EXERCISING SIGNIFICANT
AUTHORITY.—The President or Secretary of
State may appoint any Special Envoy,
Special Envoy,
resentative, Coordinator, Special Advisor, or
other position performing a similar function,
State not exercising significant authority
pursuant to the laws of the
without the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, if the President or Secretary, not later
than 15 days before the appointment of a per-
son to such a position, submits to the appro-
priate congressional committees a notifica-
tion that includes the following:
'(A) A certification that the position does
thority pursuant to the laws of the United
'(B) A description of the duties and pur-
"(C) The rationale for giving the specific
title and function to the position.
'(3) LIMITED EXCEPTION FOR TEMPORARY AP-
POINTMENTS EXERCISING SIGNIFICANT AUTHOR-
ITY.—The President may maintain or estab-
Envoy, Special Representative, Special Coor-
Special Negotiator,
Coordinator, Special Advisor, or
other position performing a similar function,
State exercising significant authority pursu-
ant to the laws of the United States for not
not later than 15 days after the ap-
pointment of a person to such a position, or
30 days after the date of the enactment of
this subsection, whichever is earlier, submits
to the Committee on Foreign Relations of
Affairs of the House of Representatives a no-
tification that includes the following:
'(A) The necessity for conferring such title
'(B) The dates during which such title and
'(C) The justification for not submitting
the proposed conferral of such title and func-
tion to the Senate as a nomination for ad-
vice and consent to appointment.
"(D) All relevant information
any potential conflict of interest which the
proposed recipient of such title and function
may have with regard to the appointment.
MENT.—The President may renew for one pe-
not to exceed 180
maintained or established under paragraph
(3) if the President, not later than 15 days be-
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-
ate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of
the House of Representatives a detailed jus-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
tification on the necessity of such extension,
including the dates with respect to which
such title will continue to be held and the
justification for not submitting such title to
the Senate as a nomination for advice and
EXEMPTION.—Paragraphs (1) through
(4) shall not apply to a Special Envoy, Spe-
Special Negotiator, Envoy, Representative,
Coordinator, Special Advisor, or other per-
son performing a similar function, regardless
of title, at the Department of State if the po-
sition is expressly mandated by statute.
shall apply to appointments made on or after
SEC. 5107. REPEAL OF AUTHORITY FOR SPECIAL
REPRESENTATIVE AND POLICY CO-
Section 7 of the Tom Lantos Block Bur-
mese Jade (Junta's Anti-Democratic Efforts)
Act of 2008 (Public Law 110-286; 50 U.S.C. 1701
note) relating to the establishment of a Spe-
cial Representative and Policy Coordinator
for Burma) is hereby repealed.
SEC. 5108. ANTI-PIRACY INFORMATION SHARING.
The Secretary is authorized to provide for
the participation by the United States in the
Singapore, as established by the Regional
Cooperation Agreement on Combating Pi-
racy and Armed Robbery against Ships in
SEC. 5109. IMPORTANCE OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS
TRAINING TO NATIONAL SECURITY.
It is the sense of Congress that-
(1) the Department is a crucial national se-
eign and Civil Service, require the best pos-
sible training at every stage of their careers
States national interests and the
health and safety of United States citizens
November 4, 2021
U.S.C. 2651a), as amended by section 5103 of
this Act, is further amended-
(1) by redesignating paragraph (4) (as re-
designated pursuant to such section 5103) as
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
'(4) ENERGY RESOURCES.-
tion specified in paragraph (1), there is au-
thorized to be established in the Department
of State an Assistant Secretary of State for
'(B) PERSONNEL.—If the Department estab-
lishes an Assistant Secretary of State for
Energy Resources in accordance with the au-
the Secretary of State shall ensure there are
sufficient personnel
the Department of State
whose responsibilities shall include
'(i) formulating and implementing inter-
national policies aimed at protecting and ad-
vancing United States energy security inter-
effectively managing United States
bilateral and multilateral relations;
'(ii) ensuring that analyses of the national
environmental developments are reflected in
the decision making process within the De-
"(iii) incorporating energy security prior-
ities into the activities of the Department;
'(iv) coordinating energy activities of the
"training float"
requiring that a
certain percentage of the Foreign Service
shall be in long-term training at any given
(3) the Department's Foreign Service Insti-
tute should seek to substantially increase its
educational and training offerings to Depart-
personnel, including developing
educational and
methods, programs, and opportuni-
with existing Department
gift acceptance authority and other applica-
the Department and Foreign Serv-
ice Institute may accept funds and other re-
sources from foundations, not-for-profit cor-
porations, and other appropriate sources to
Department and the Institute ac-
complish the goals specified in paragraph (3).
SEC. 5110. CLASSIFICATION AND ASSIGNMENT OF
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 is amend-
(1) in section 501 (22 U.S.C. 3981), by insert-
ing 'If a position designated under this sec-
tion is unfilled for more than
days, such position may be filled, as appro-
priate, on a temporary basis, in accordance
ignated under this section are excepted from
the competitive service."; and
paragraph (2) of section 502(a) (22
cally, in a position working on issues relat-
or
area," after "geographic area".
SEC. 5111. ENERGY DIPLOMACY AND SECURITY
"(v) coordinating with the Office of Sanc-
on economic sanctions
to the international energy sec-
'(vi) working internationally to—
"(I) support the development of energy re-
sources for the benefit of the United States
and United States allies and trading partners
for their energy security and economic de-
'(II) promote availability of diversified en-
ergy supplies and a well-functioning global
market for energy resources,
and expertise for the benefit of the United
States and United States allies and trading
resolve international disputes re-
garding the exploration, development, pro-
duction, or distribution of energy resources;
"(IV) support the economic and commer-
cial interests of United States persons oper-
ating in the energy markets of foreign coun-
"(V) support and coordinate international
efforts to alleviate energy poverty;
"(VI) leading the United States commit-
ment to the
Extractive Industries Trans-
other relevant functions within the Depart-
ment currently undertaken by-
'(aa) the Bureau of Economic and Business
the Bureau of Oceans and Inter-
national Environmental and Scientific Af-
"(cc) other offices within the Department
THE NATIONAL MUSEUM OF AMER-
Title I of the State Department Basic Au-
thorities Act of 1956 is amended by adding
after section 63 (22 U.S.C. 2735) the following
"SEC. 64. THE NATIONAL MUSEUM OF AMERICAN
Subsection (C) of section 1 of the State De-
partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22

===== PAGE 202 =====
{"alpha_words": 1259, "chars": 8354, "method": "ocr", "page": 202, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
"(1) SUPPORT AUTHORIZED.—The Secretary
of State is authorized to provide, by con-
grant, or otherwise, for the perform-
ance of appropriate museum visitor and edu-
including organizing programs and
conference activities,
museum shop services
and food services in the public exhibition and
related space utilized by the National Mu-
seum of American Diplomacy.
"(2) RECOVERY OF COSTS.—The Secretary of
State is authorized to recover any revenues
generated under the authority of paragraph
(1) for visitor and outreach services and re-
lated events referred to in such paragraph,
including fees for use of facilities at the Na-
Any such revenues may be retained as a re-
covery of the costs of operating the museum.
"(b) DISPOSITION OF NATIONAL MUSEUM OF
FACTS, AND OTHER ARTICLES.—
PROPERTY.—All historic documents,
artifacts, or other articles permanently ac-
quired by the Department of State and deter-
mined by the Secretary of State to be suit-
able for display by the National Museum of
American Diplomacy shall be considered to
be the property of the United States Govern-
ment and shall be subject to disposition sole-
ly in accordance with this subsection.
'(2) SALE, TRADE, OR TRANSFER.-
the Secretary of State makes the determina-
tion described in paragraph (3) with respect
under paragraph (1), the Secretary may sell
at fair market value, trade, or transfer such
document, artifact, or other article without
regard to the requirements of subtitle I of
title 40, United States Code. The proceeds of
any such sale may be used solely for the ad-
vancement of the mission of the National
not be used for any purpose
acquisition and direct care of the collections
'(3) DETERMINATIONS PRIOR TO SALE, TRADE,
OR TRANSFER.—The determination
in this paragraph with respect to a docu-
or other article under para-
graph (1), is a determination that-
'(A) such document, artifact, or other arti-
cle no longer serves to further the purposes
of the National Museum of American Diplo-
macy as set forth in the collections manage-
ment policy of the museum;
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
the date of the enactment of this Act and
apply as if the date specified in subsection
(e) of section 7 of the Fishermen's Protective
Act of 1967, as in effect on the day before the
date of the enactment of this Act, were the
day after such date of enactment.
(2) AGREEMENTS AND PAYMENTS.—The Sec-
(A) enter into agreements pursuant to sec-
tion 7 of the Fishermen's Protective Act of
which such section
would otherwise apply but for the date speci-
fied in subsection (e) of such section, as in ef-
fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act; and
(B) make payments in accordance with
entered into pursuant to such
section if any such payments have not been
made as a result of the expiration of the date
specified in such section, as in effect on the
day before the date of the enactment of this
SEC. 5114. ART IN EMBASSIES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—No funds are authorized
to be appropriated for the purchase of any
piece of art for the purposes of installation
other foreign mission of the United states if
the purchase price of such piece of art is in
excess of $50,000, unless such purchase is sub-
ject to prior consultation with, and the reg-
ular notification procedures of,
priate congressional committees.
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after
the date of the enactment of this
Secretary shall submit to the appropriate
costs of the Art in Embassies Program for
each of fiscal years 2012, 2013, and 2014.
(C) SUNSET.—This section shall terminate
on the date that is 2 years after the date of
(d) DEFINITION.—In this section, the term
includes paintings, sculptures, photo-
graphs, industrial design, and craft art.
SEC. 5115. AMENDMENT OR REPEAL OF REPORT-
Public Law 104-208 that is required after the
date of the enactment of this Act.
—The following provisions of
(1) Subsection (b) of section 804 of Public
(2) Section 6 of Public Law 104-45.
(3) Subsection (c) of section 702 of Public
(4) Section 404 of the
Arms Control and
Disarmament Act (22 U.S.C. 2593b).
(5) Section 5 of Public Law 94-304 (22 U.S.C.
(6) Subsection (b) of section 502 of the
International Security and Development Co-
operation Act of 1985 (22 U.S.C. 2349aa-7).
(C) REPORT TO CONGRESS.
-Not later than
180 days after the date of the enactment of
the Secretary of State and the Ad-
ministrator of the United States Agency for
International Development shall submit to
the appropriate congressional committees a
report that includes each of the following:
(1) A list of all reports described in sub-
section (d) required to be submitted by their
(2) For each such report, a citation to the
provision of law under which the report is re-
quired to be submitted.
(3) The reporting frequency of each such
(4) The estimated cost of each report, to in-
clude personnel time costs
in this subsection is a recurring report that
is required to be submitted to Congress by
ment, or by any officer, official, component,
CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
DEFINED.-In this
Committee on Foreign Relations
of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign
Affairs of the House of Representatives.
SEC. 5116. REPORTING ON IMPLEMENTATION OF
serve to maintain the standards of the col-
'(C) sale, trade, or transfer of such docu-
ment, artifact, or other article
the best interests of the United States.
tion under paragraph (2) relating to the sale,
trade, or transfer of documents, artifacts,
other articles under paragraph (1), the Sec-
retary of State may loan such documents,
artifacts, or other articles, when not needed
for use or display by the National Museum of
American Diplomacy to the Smithsonian In-
stitution or a similar institution for repair,
study, or exhibition."
EXTENSION OF PERIOD FOR REIM-
COSTS INCURRED FROM THE ILLE-
GAL SEIZURE AND DETENTION OF
U.S. FLAG FISHING VESSELS BY FOR-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 570 of Public Law
(A) by amending subsection (c) to read as
'(C) MULTILATERAL STRATEGY.-
likeminded countries, a comprehensive, mul-
'(1) assist Burma in addressing corrosive
malign influence of the People's Republic of
'(2) support a return to democratic govern-
ance, and support constitutional, economic,
and security sector reforms in Burma de-
"(A) advance democratic development and
quality of life; and
promote genuine
(i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1),
(11) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
7 of the Fishermen's Protective Act of 1967
(22 U.S.C. 1977) is amended to read as follows:
under this section only to such extent and in
such amounts as are provided in advance in
(b) RETROACTIVE APPLICABILITY.—
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on
'(3) improvements in human rights prac-
"(4) progress toward broad-based and inclu-
'(5) progress toward genuine national rec-
made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on
the date of the enactment of this Act and
apply with respect to the first report re-
quired under subsection (d) of section 570 of
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-
priate congressional committees a report
that lists all of the Government
ability Office's recommendations relating to
the Department that have not been fully im-
(b) COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT.—Not
later than 30 days after the Secretary sub-
mits the report under subsection (a),
Comptroller General
of the United
shall submit to the appropriate
any discrepancies between the list of rec-
ommendations included in such report and
the Government Accountability Office's list
of outstanding recommendations for the De-
(C) IMPLEMENTATION REPORT.—
after the date of the submission of the Comp-
troller General's report under subsection (b),
the
Secretary
shall submit to the appro-
priate
congressional
committees a
report
that describes the implementation status of
each recommendation from the Government
Accountability Office included in the report
submitted under subsection (a).
(2) JUSTIFICATION.—The report under para-
graph (1) shall include-
(A) a detailed justification for each deci-
sion not to fully implement a recommenda-
tion or to implement a recommendation in a
different manner than specified by the Gov-
ernment Accountability Office;
(B) a timeline for the full implementation
of any recommendation the
Secretary has
decided to adopt, but has not yet fully imple-
mented; and

===== PAGE 203 =====
{"alpha_words": 1211, "chars": 8224, "method": "ocr", "page": 203, "variant": "plain-vision"}
included in the Comptroller General report
submitted under subsection (b).
(d) FORM.—The information
each report under this section shall be sub-
mitted in unclassified form, to the maximum
extent practicable, but may be included in a
classified annex to the extent necessary.
SEC. 5117. OFFICE OF GLOBAL CRIMINAL JUS-
(a) IN GENERAL.—There should be
lished within the Department of State an Of-
fice of Global Criminal Justice (referred to
in this section as the "Office"), which may
be placed within the organizational struc-
ture of the Department at the discretion of
-The Office should carry out
(1) Advise the Secretary and other relevant
including war crimes, crimes against
(2) Assist in formulating United States pol-
icy on the prevention of, responses to, and
accountability for atrocities.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
project that utilizes a non-standard design,
including those projects that are in the de-
sign or pre-design phase as of the date of the
enactment of this Act, only in consultation
with the appropriate congressional commit-
tees. The Secretary shall provide the appro-
priate congressional committees,
such project, the following documentation:
lifecycle costs of the project to
mated full lifecycle costs of such project if it
were to use a standard design.
(2) A comparison of the estimated comple-
date of such project to the estimated
completion date of such project if it were to
November 4, 2021
enactment of an Act making appropriations
for the Department of State, foreign oper-
ations, and related programs.
'(9) The current date of estimated comple-
SEC. 5204. CONTRACTOR PERFORMANCE INFOR-
(a) DEADLINE FOR COMPLETION.—The Sec-
formance evaluations outstanding as of the
date of the enactment of this Act required by
subpart 42.15 of the Federal Acquisition Reg-
ulation for those contractors engaged in con-
struction of new embassy or new consulate
States Government
tions relating to the international and hy-
currently prosecuting persons
suspected of atrocities around the world.
mental organizations, as appropriate, to es-
tablish and assist international and domestic
ment, and prosecute atrocities around the
as appropriate and with
legal, economic, military, and other tools to
collect evidence
of atrocities,
those responsible, protect and assist victims,
atrocities, and promote the rule of law.
(6) Provide advice and expertise on transi-
tional justice mechanisms to United States
personnel operating in conflict and post-con-
(7) Act as a point of contact for inter-
national, hybrid, and domestic tribunals ex-
mitted around the world.
(8) Represent the Department on any inter-
ntities addressins genocide and other atroc
(9) Perform any additional duties and exer-
cise such powers as the Secretary
(C) SUPERVISION.—If established, the Office
shall be led by an Ambassador-at-Large for
Global Criminal Justice who is nominated by
the President and appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate.
TITLE II-EMBASSY CONSTRUCTION
SEC. 5201. EMBASSY SECURITY, CONSTRUCTION,
For "Embassy Security, Construction, and
Maintenance", there is authorized to be ap-
propriated $1,975,449,000 for fiscal year 2022.
SEC. 5202. STANDARD DESIGN IN CAPITAL CON-
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that the Department's Bureau of
Overseas Building Operations (OBO) or suc-
cessor office should give appropriate consid-
eration to standardization in
in which each new United States embassy
and consulate starts with a standard design
and keeps customization to a minimum.
(b) CONSULTATION.-The
carry out any new United States embassy
completed project to the security of such
completed project if it were to use a stand-
(4) A justification for the Secretary's selec-
tion of a non-standard design over a standard
(5) A written explanation if any of the doc-
umentation necessary
to support the com-
parisons and justification, as the case may
paragraphs (1) through (4)
(C) SUNSET.—The consultation requirement
under subsection (b) shall expire on the date
that is 4 years after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act.
CAPITAL CONSTRUCTION TRANS-
Section 118 of the Department of State Au-
thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (22 U.S.C. 304)
(1) in the section heading, by striking "AN-
and inserting 'BIANNUAL REPORT ON
OVERSEAS CAPITAL CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS';
(2) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and
inserting the following new subsections:
-Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this sub-
section and every 180 days thereafter until
the date that is 4 years after such date of en-
the Secretary shall submit to the
comprehensive report regarding all ongoing
overseas capital construction projects and
major embassy security upgrade projects.
under subsection (a) shall include the fol-
lowing with respect to each ongoing overseas
capital construction project and major em-
bassy security upgrade project:
"(1) The initial cost estimate as specified
in the proposed allocation of capital con-
struction and maintenance funds required by
the Committees on Appropriations for Acts
making appropriations for
the Department
of State, foreign operations, and related pro-
'(2) The current cost estimate.
'(3) The value of each request for equitable
adjustment received by the Department to
"(4) The value of each certified claim re-
ceived by the Department to date.
'(5) The value of any usage of the project's
contingency fund to date and the value of
the remainder of the project's contingency
'(6) An enumerated list of each request for
adjustment and certified claim that remains
"(7) An enumerated list of each request for
that has been fully adjudicated or that the
Department has
settled, and the final dollar
amount of each adjudication or settlement.
specified in the proposed allocation of cap-
ital construction and maintenance funds re-
quired by the Committees on Appropriations
not later than 45 days after the date of the
-Not later than 90
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary shall develop a prioritization
system for clearing the current backlog of
evaluations referred to
(2) ELEMENTS.—The system required under
paragraph (1) should prioritize the evalua-
tions as follows:
(A) Project completion evaluations should
be prioritized over annual evaluations.
(B) Evaluations for relatively large con-
tracts should have priority.
(C) Evaluations that would be particularly
informative for the awarding of government
contracts should have priority.
(C) BRIEFING.—Not later than 90 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act,
priate congressional committees on
partment's plan for completing all evalua-
tions by April 1, 2022, in accordance with sub-
section (a) and the prioritization system de-
veloped pursuant to subsection (b).
SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
(1) contractors deciding whether to bid on
greater understanding of the Department as
(2) the Department should develop a forum
where contractors can comment on the De-
partment's project management perform-
SEC. 5205. GROWTH PROJECTIONS FOR NEW EM-
States embassy compound (NEC) and new
consulate compound project (NCC) in or not
yet in the design phase as of the date of the
enactment of this Act, the Department shall
project growth over the estimated life of the
facility using all available and relevant data,
(1) Relevant historical trends for Depart-
ment personnel and personnel from other
agencies represented at the NEC or NCC that
(2) An analysis
of the tradeoffs
risk and the needs of United States Govern-
recent Vital Presence Validation Process, if
(3) Reasonable assumptions about the stra-
tegic importance of the NEC or NCC, as the
case may be, over the life of the building at
(4) Any other data that would be helpful in
projecting the future growth of NEC or NCC.
(b) OTHER FEDERAL AGENCIES.—The head of
each Federal agency represented at a United
States embassy or consulate shall provide to
the Secretary, upon request, growth projec-
tions for the personnel of each such agency
over the estimated life of each embassy
consulate, as the case may be.
(C) BASIS FOR ESTIMATES.-
-The Department
its growth assumption for all
under subsections (a) and (b).
congressional notification of site selection

===== PAGE 204 =====
{"alpha_words": 1265, "chars": 8686, "method": "ocr", "page": 204, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
for a NEC or NCC submitted after the date of
the enactment of this Act shall include the
assumption used pursuant to sub-
SEC. 5206. LONG-RANGE PLANNING PROCESS.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(3) FORM OF REPORT.—Each report required
under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-
classified form but may include a classified
(C) SMALL DIPLOMATIC POST
post, section, the
means any United States embassy
consulate that has employed five or fewer
United States Government employees or con-
tractors on average over the 36 months prior
to the date of the enactment of this Act.
SEC. 5207. VALUE ENGINEERING AND RISK AS-
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and annually
thereafter for the next five
years as the Secretary of State considers ap-
propriate, the Secretary shall develop
menting the Department's overseas building
program for the replacement of overseas dip-
lomatic posts taking into account security
factors under the Secure Embassy Construc-
tion and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 and
well as occupational safety and health fac-
the Occupational
and Health Act of 1970 and other relevant
statutes and regulations, including environ-
mental factors such as indoor air
that impact employee health and safety; and
(B) a comprehensive 6-year plan detailing
the Department's long-term planning for the
maintenance and sustainment of completed
diplomatic posts, which takes into account
security factors under the Secure Embassy
1999 and other relevant statutes and regula-
as well as occupational safety and
health factors pursuant to the Occupational
Safety and Health Act of 1970 and other rel-
evant statutes and regulations, including en-
vironmental factors such as indoor air qual-
ity that impact employee health and safety.
The first plan devel-
oped pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) shall also
include a one-time status report on existing
small diplomatic posts and a strategy for es-
tablishing a physical diplomatic presence in
countries in which there is no current phys-
ical diplomatic presence and with which the
tions. Such report, which may include a clas-
sified annex, shall include the following:
(A) A description of the extent to which
each small diplomatic post furthers the na-
tional interest of the United States.
(B) A description of how each small diplo-
matic post provides American Citizen Serv-
including data on specific services pro-
vided and the number of Americans receiving
services over the previous year.
diplomatic post meets current security re-
(D) A description of the full financial cost
of maintaining each small diplomatic post.
(E) Input from the relevant chiefs of mis-
value the small diplomatic post provides.
small diplomatic posts should be closed.
(3) UPDATED INFORMATION.—The annual up-
dates of each of the plans developed pursuant
to paragraph (1) shall highlight any changes
from the previous year's plan to the ordering
of construction and maintenance projects.
(b) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.—
(1) SUBMISSION OF PLANS TO CONGRESS.—Not
later than 60 days after the completion of
each plan required under subsection (a), the
Secretary shall submit the plans to the ap-
propriate congressional committees.
(2) REFERENCE IN BUDGET JUSTIFICATION MA-
TERIALS.—In the budget justification mate-
rials submitted to the appropriate
sional committees in support of the Depart-
ment's budget for any fiscal year (as sub-
with the budget of the President
States Code), the plans required under sub-
(a) shall be referenced
funding requested for building and mainte-
lowing findings:
(1) Federal departments and agencies are
required to use value engineering (VE) as a
management tool, where appropriate, to re-
duce program and acquisition costs pursuant
to OMB Circular A-131, Value Engineering,
(2) OBO has a Policy Directive and Stand-
ard Operation Procedure, dated May 24, 2017,
on conducting risk management studies on
all international construction projects.
(b) NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS.—
-Any operating plan that includes the
allocation of capital construction and main-
tenance funds shall be submitted to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate
and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
House of Representatives.
(2) REQUIREMENT TO CONFIRM COMPLETION
OF VALUE ENGINEERING AND RISK ASSESSMENT
-The notifications required
paragraph (1) shall include confirmation that
the Department has completed the requisite
VE and risk management process described
in subsection (a), or applicable successor
-The Secretary shall provide to the
appropriate congressional committees upon
(1) a description of each risk management
study referred to in subsection (a)(2) and a
table detailing which recommendations
lated to each such study were accepted and
(2) a report or briefing detailing the ration-
implementing
ommendations that may otherwise yield sig-
nificant cost savings to the Department if
extent practicable, such material shall be
provided to such employees prior to their ar-
rival at a United States diplomatic post or
as soon as possible thereafter.
SEC. 5211. CONTRACTING METHODS IN CAPITAL
the Secretary
State notifies the appropriate congressional
committees that the use of the design-build
project delivery method would not be appro-
priate, the Secretary shall make use of such
method at United
States diplomatic posts
that have not yet received design or capital
construction contracts as of the date of the
(b) NOTIFICATION.—Before executing a con-
tract for a delivery method other than de-
sign-build in accordance with subsection (a),
the Secretary of State shall notify the ap-
propriate congressional committees in writ-
therefor. The notification required by
subsection may be included in any other re-
port regarding a new United States diplo-
matic post that is required to be submitted
appropriate congressional commit-
(C) PERFORMANCE EVALUATION.—Not later
than 180 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, the Secretary of State shall re-
port to the appropriate congressional com-
mittees regarding performance
measures in accordance with GAO's 'Stand-
ards for Internal Control in the Federal Gov-
ernment" that will be applicable to design
and construction, lifecycle cost, and building
Overseas Building Operations of the Depart-
COMPETITION IN EMBASSY
Not later than 45 days after the date of the
State shall submit to the appropriate con-
steps the Department of State is taking to
expand the embassy construction contractor
base in order to increase competition and
SEC. 5213. STATEMENT OF POLICY.
It is the policy of the United States that
the Bureau of Overseas Building Operations
of the Department or its successor office
shall continue to balance functionality and
security with accessibility, as
guidelines established by the United States
Access Board in constructing embassies and
consulates, and shall ensure compliance with
Architectural Barriers Act of 1968 (42
U.S.C. 4151 et seq.) to the fullest extent pos-
Section 402(c)(2)(E) of the Omnibus Diplo-
matic Security and Antiterrorism Act of 1986
(22 U.S.C. 4852(c)(2)(E)) is amended by strik-
ing "in 3 years" and inserting "cumulatively
over 3 years'.
SEC. 5209. EMBASSY SECURITY REQUESTS AND
The Secretary of State shall provide to the
appropriate congressional committees,
Committee on Armed Services of the House
Armed Services of the Senate upon request
information on physical security deficiencies
at United States diplomatic posts, including
by United States diplomatic posts for secu-
United States diplomatic posts that are not
operating out of a new embassy compound or
SEC. 5210. OVERSEAS SECURITY BRIEFINGS.
Not later than one year after the date of
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of
State shall revise the Foreign Affairs Man-
ual to stipulate that information on the cur-
rent threat environment shall be provided to
United States
under chief of mission authority traveling to
a foreign country on official business. To the
build" means a method of project delivery in
which one entity works under a single con-
tract with the Department to provide design
(2) NON-STANDARD DESIGN.—The term 'non-
standard design" means a design for a new
embassy compound project or new consulate
compound project that does
standardized design for the structural, spa-
tial, or security requirements of such em-
bassy compound or consulate compound, as
TITLE III-PERSONNEL ISSUES
SEC. 5301. DEFENSE BASE ACT INSURANCE WAIV-
(a) APPLICATION FOR WAIVERS.—Not later
than 30 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, the Secretary shall apply to the
Department of Labor for a waiver from in-
Base Act (42 U.S.C. 1651 et seq.) for all coun-
tries with respect to which the requirement

===== PAGE 205 =====
{"alpha_words": 1238, "chars": 8629, "method": "ocr", "page": 205, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S8012
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
was waived prior to January 2017, and for each foreign assignment and any survey data
which there is not currently a waiver.
collected by the Department from eligible
(b) CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT.—Not later
bidders on their bid decision-making.
than 45 days after the date of the enactment
(2) COOPERATION.-The
of this Act, the Secretary shall certify to the
work with the heads of other relevant United
appropriate congressional committees that
Government departments and agen-
the requirement in subsection (a) has been
cies to ensure such departments and agencies
provide all necessary and relevant informa-
SEC. 5302. STUDY ON FOREIGN SERVICE ALLOW-
tion to the federally-funded research and de-
velopment center carrying out the analysis
required under subsection (a)(1).
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year
after date of the enactment of this Act, the
Secretary shall submit to the appropriate
congressional committees a report detailing
an empirical analysis on the effect of over-
seas allowances on the foreign assignment of
Service officers (SOs), to be con-
ducted by a federally-funded research and de-
velopment center with appropriate expertise
in labor economics and military compensa-
(2) CONTENTS.—The analysis required under
paragraph (1) shall-
(A) identify all allowances paid to FSOs as-
signed permanently or on temporary duty to
(B) examine the efficiency of the Foreign
Service bidding system in determining for-
the factors that incentivize
FSOs to bid on particular assignments, in-
cluding danger levels and hardship condi-
(D) examine the Department's strategy and
process for incentivizing FSOs to bid on as-
signments that are historically in lower de-
mand, including with monetary compensa-
tion, and whether monetary compensation is
necessary for assignments in higher demand;
military compensation and allowances, not-
ing which allowances are shared or based on
the same regulations;
(F) recommend options for restructuring
allowances to improve the efficiency of the
assignments system and better align FSO in-
centives with the needs of the Foreign Serv-
Secretary shall require that the chief execu-
tive officer of the federally-funded research
and development center that carries out the
analysis required under subsection (a)(1) sub-
mit to the Committee on Foreign Relations
of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign
Affairs of the House of Representatives an
than 180 days after the date of the enactment
SEC. 5303. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY FELLOW-
Section 504 of the Foreign Relations Au-
thorization Act, Fiscal Year 1979 (22 U.S.C.
2656d) is amended by adding at the end the
'(e) GRANTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS
RELATED TO SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY FEL-
ized to make grants or enter into coopera-
tive agreements related to Department of
State science and technology fellowship pro-
grams, including for assistance in recruiting
fellows and the payment of stipends, travel,
and other appropriate expenses to fellows.
November 4, 2021
in which the family members of the member
reside apart from the member at authorized
locations outside
the United
States,
the
member may take the leave ordered under
this
section
where that
member's family
members
reside,
notwithstanding
section
6305 of title 5, United States Code.".
SEC. 5306.
SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING
CERTAIN FELLOWSHIP PROGRAMS.
It is the sense of Congress that Depart-
ment fellowships that promote the employ-
ment of candidates belonging to under-rep-
resented
groups, including the Charles
B.
Rangel International Affairs Graduate
Fel-
lowship Program, the Thomas R. Pickering
Foreign Affairs Fellowship Program, and the
Donald M. Payne International Development
Fellowship Program, represent smart invest-
vital for building a strong,
and representative national security work-
SEC. 5307. TECHNICAL CORRECTION.
Subparagraph (A) of section 601(c)(6) of the
amended, in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by-
"promotion, on or after January 1, 2017,";
(2) striking 'individual joining the Service
section 302(a)(1), who has general responsi-
bility for carrying out the functions of the
SEC. 5308. FOREIGN SERVICE AWARDS.
Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4013) is amend-
(G) recommend any statutory changes nec-
essary to implement subparagraph (F), such
for the provision of hardship and danger pay;
(H) detail any effects of recommendations
made pursuant to subparagraphs (F) and (G)
on other United States Government depart-
ments and agencies with civilian employees
permanently assigned or on temporary duty
in foreign areas, following consultation with
such departments and agencies.
ating the analysis required under subsection
(a)(1), and not later than 60 days after the
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-
retary shall provide to the Committee on
of the Senate
Committee on Foreign Affairs in the House
of Representatives a briefing on
mentation of this section that includes the
(1) The name of the federally funded re-
search and development center that will con-
(2) The scope of such analysis and terms of
reference for such analysis as specified
tween the Department and such
funded research and development center.
(C) AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION.—
(1) IN GENERAL.-
to the federally-funded
and development center carrying out the
analysis required under subsection (a)(1) all
necessary and relevant information to allow
center to conduct such analysis in a
quantitative and analytical manner, includ-
ing historical data on the number of bids for
(1) shall not be considered compensation for
purposes of section 209 of title 18, United
'(3) MAXIMUM ANNUAL AMOUNT.—The total
amount of grants made pursuant to this sub-
section may not exceed $500,000 in any fiscal
SEC. 5304. TRAVEL FOR SEPARATED FAMILIES.
Section 901(15) of the Foreign Service Act
of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4081(15)) is amended-
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph
"1 round-trip per year for
each child below age 21 of a member of the
Service assigned abroad'
and inserting 'in
the case of one or more children below age 21
of a member of the Service assigned abroad,
1 round-trip per year";
(2) in subparagraph (A)—
(A) by inserting "for each child" before "to
visit the member abroad'; and
read as follows: "DEPARTMENT AWARDS"; and
(2) in the first sentence,
Civil Service" after "the Service"
(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The item re-
lating to section 614 in the table of contents
of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 is amended
"Sec. 614. Department awards.".
SEC. 5309. DIPLOMATIC PROGRAMS.
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON WORKFORCE RE-
CRUITMENT.—It is the sense of Congress that
the Secretary should continue to hold entry-
level classes for Foreign Service officers and
specialists and continue to recruit civil serv-
ants through programs such as the
dential Management Fellows Program and
Pathways Internship Programs in a manner
and at a frequency consistent with prior
years and consistent with the need to main-
tain a pool of experienced personnel effec-
ranks. It is further the sense of Congress
training of Foreign Service officers and civil
servants, the Department will lack
enced, qualified personnel in the short, me-
(A) by inserting "for each child" before "to
visit the other parent"; and
(B) by inserting "or" after "resides,";
(4) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the
following new subparagraph:
"(C) for one of the child's parents to visit
the child or children abroad if the child or
children do not regularly reside
parent and that parent is not receiving an
education allowance
or educational
allowance for the child or children under sec-
tion 5924(4) of title 5, United States Code,";
(5) in the matter following subparagraph
(C), as added by paragraph (4) of this section,
"a payment" and inserting 'the
cost of round-trip travel"
SEC. 5305. HOME LEAVE TRAVEL FOR SEPARATED
Section 903(b) of the Foreign Service Act of
1980 (22 U.S.C. 4083(b)) is amended by adding
at the end the following new sentence: 'In
cases in which a member of the Service has
official orders to an unaccompanied post and
under section 3502 or 3595 of title 5, United
States Code, or for any incentive payments
for early separation or retirement under any
other provision of law unless
(1) the appropriate congressional commit-
tees are notified not less than 15 days in ad-
vance of such obligation or expenditure; and
(2) the Secretary has provided to the ap-
ment's strategic staffing goals, including-
(A) a justification that describes how any
proposed workforce reduction
effectiveness of the Department;
(B) a certification that such workforce re-
duction is in the national interest of the

===== PAGE 206 =====
{"alpha_words": 1171, "chars": 8087, "method": "ocr", "page": 206, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(C) a comprehensive strategic staffing plan or civil service due to family reasons or to
for the Department, including 5-year work-
force forecasting and a description of the an-
ticipated impact of any proposed workforce
workforce data for all
current and planned
employees of the Department, disaggregated
(i) Foreign Service officer and Foreign
Service specialist rank;
(ii) civil service job skill code, grade level,
(iii) contracted employees,
equivalent job skill code and bureau of as-
(iv) employees hired under schedule C of
subpart C of part 213 of title 5, Code of Fed-
eral Regulations, including their equivalent
grade and job skill code and bureau of as-
SEC. 5310. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING VET-
It is the sense of Congress that-
(1) the Department should continue to pro-
mote the employment of veterans, in accord-
ance with section 301 of the Foreign Service
Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3941), as amended by
section 5407 of this Act, including those vet-
erans belonging to traditionally
resented groups at the Department;
(2) veterans employed by the Department
contributions
United States foreign policy in a variety of
regional and global affairs bureaus and diplo-
(3) the Department should continue to en-
courage veteran employment and facilitate
their participation in the workforce.
ment is of benefit to the Department.
OF EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNI-
TIES.—Title 5, United States Code, is amend-
inserting after chapter 102 the fol
lowing new chapter:
"CHAPTER 103—DEPARTMENT OF STATE
''10301. Notice of employment opportunities
for Department of State and
''10302. Consulting services for the Depart-
ment of State.
'$ 10301. Notice of employment opportunities
for Department of State and USAID posi-
"To ensure that individuals who have sepa-
rated from the Department of State or the
United States Agency for International De-
velopment and
appointment are aware of such opportuni-
ties, the Department of State and the United
Agency for International Develop-
ment shall publicize notice of all employ-
ment opportunities, including positions for
which the relevant agency is accepting appli-
cations from individuals within the agency's
workforce under
merit promotion
dures, on publicly accessible sites, including
www.usajobs.gov. If using merit promotion
procedures, the notice shall expressly state
that former employees eligible for reinstate-
AMENDMENT.—1he table oi
chapters at the beginning of title 5. United
States Code, is amended by inserting after
under subsection (a) but may
partner with private sector entities with ex-
pertise in labor economics, management,
human resources, as well as organizations fa-
miliar with the demands and needs of the De-
(d) REPORT.—Not later than 120 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act,
Secretary of State shall submit to the appro-
priate congressional committees a report re-
garding root causes of Foreign
and the Department's plan to implement rec-
ommendations described in GAO-19-220.
SEC. 5314. CONSULTING SERVICES.
Chapter 103 of title 5, United States Code,
as added by section 5312, is amended by add-
ing at the end the following:
"§10302. Consulting services for the Depart-
"Any consulting service obtained by the
contract pursuant to section 3109 of title 5,
United States Code, shall be limited to those
contracts with respect to which expenditures
are a matter of public record and available
except if otherwise
provided a des existing exce, or under exist-
ing Executive order issued pursuant to exist-
SEC. 5315. INCENTIVES FOR CRITICAL POSTS.
Section 1115(d) of the Supplemental Appro-
amended by striking the last sentence.
SEC. 5316. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR CER-
matic Security and Antiterrorism Act of 1986
(22 U.S.C. 4831(a)(3)) is amended-
(1) in the heading, by striking "AFGHANI-
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that the Department should expand
the appeal process it makes available to em-
ployees related to assignment preclusions
(b) APPEAL OF ASSIGNMENT RESTRICTION OR
Subsection (a) of section 414 of
the Department of State
Fiscal Year 2017 (22 U.S.C. 2734c(a)) is amend-
ed by adding at the end the following new
sentences: "Such right and process shall en-
sure that any employee subjected to an as-
signment restriction or preclusion shall have
the same appeal rights as provided by the
Department regarding denial or revocation
of a security clearance. Any such appeal
shall be resolved not later than 60 days after
such appeal is filed."
AND CERTIFICATION.-Not later
than 90 days after the date of the enactment
the Secretary shall revise, and
certify to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
of the Senate and the Committee on
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-
Affairs Manual guidance regarding denial or
of a security
pressly state that all review and appeal
any recommendation or decision to impose
an assignment restriction or preclusion to an
SEC. 5312. RECALL AND REEMPLOYMENT OF CA-
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that-
(1) career Department employees provide
invaluable service to the United States as
professionals who contribute
subject matter expertise and professional
skills to the successful development and exe-
cution of United States foreign policy; and
(2) reemployment of skilled former mem-
bers of the Foreign and civil service who
have voluntarily separated from the Foreign
SEC. 5313. STRATEGIC STAFFING PLAN FOR THE
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 18 months
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
shall submit to the appro-
congressional
prehensive 5-year strategic staffing plan for
the Department that is aligned with and fur-
thers the objectives of the National Security
of the United States of America
issued in December 2017, or any subsequent
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
which shall include the following:
including all shortages in
bureaus described in GAO report GAO-19-220,
for all current and planned employees of the
Department, disaggregated by-
Service specialist rank;
(B) civil service job skill code, grade level,
equivalent job skill code and bureau of as-
(D) employees hired under
subpart C of part 213 of title 5,
Regulations, including
the equivalent
grade and job skill code and bureau
the number of
Foreign Service officers disaggregated
service cone that should be posted at each
United States diplomatic post and in
District of Columbia,
with a detailed basis
for such recommendations.
civil service officers that should be employed
by the Department, with a detailed basis for
under subsection (a)(1) shall be maintained
and updated on a regular basis.
lead the development of the plan required
(2) in subparagraph (A)-
(A) in clause (i), by striking 'Afghanistan
"Afghanistan,
(B) in clause (ii), by striking "beginning on
October 1, 2005, and ending on September 30,
2009" and inserting 'beginning on October 1,
2020, and ending on September 30, 2022"
SEC. 5317. FOREIGN SERVICE SUSPENSION WITH-
Subsection (c) of section 610 of the Foreign
Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4010) is amend-
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by
and inserting "indefinitely suspend
(2) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
(3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
'(5) Any member of the Service suspended
duties under this subsection may be
suspended without pay only after a final
written decision is provided to such member
'(6) If no final written decision under para-
graph (2) has been provided within 1 calendar
year of the date the suspension at issue was
proposed, not later than 30 days thereafter
the Secretary of State shall report to
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House
of Representatives and the Committee on
Foreign Relations of the Senate in
regarding the
specific reasons
(4) in paragraph (7), as so redesignated
(A) by striking "(7) In this subsection:";
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking "(A)
The term' and inserting the following:
'(7) In this subsection, the term";
(C) by striking subparagraph (B) (relating
to the definition of "suspend" and "suspen-

===== PAGE 207 =====
{"alpha_words": 1300, "chars": 8535, "method": "ocr", "page": 207, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(D) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as
subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; and
moving such subparagraphs 2 ems to the left.
SEC. 5318. FOREIGN AFFAIRS MANUAL AND FOR-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and every 180 days thereafter for 5 years, the
Secretary shall submit to the
congressional committees a report detailing
all changes made to the Foreign Affairs Man-
ual or the Foreign Affairs Handbook
(b) COVERED PERIODS.
-The first report re-
quired under subsection (a) shall cover the 5-
year period preceding the submission of such
Each subsequent report shall cover
the 180-day period preceding submission.
-Each report required under
subsection (a) shall contain the following:
(1) The location within the Foreign Affairs
Manual or the Foreign Affairs Handbook
where a change has been made.
for each such
(3) A side-by-side comparison of the For-
eign Affairs Manual or Foreign Affairs Hand-
book before and after such change.
(4) A summary of such changes displayed
in spreadsheet form.
SEC. 5319. WAIVER AUTHORITY FOR INDIVIDUAL
OCCUPATIONAL REQUIREMENTS OF
The Secretary of State may waive any or
all of the individual occupational require-
ments with respect to an employee or pro-
spective employee of the Department of
under the GS-0130 occupational series if the
the individual
logical, engineering, or mathematical exper-
tise that is integral to performing the duties
of the applicable position,
onstrated job performance and qualifying ex-
perience. With respect to each waiver grant-
ed under this subsection, the Secretary shall
transmitted to the Director of the Office of
Personnel Management the rationale for the
decision of the Secretary to waive such re-
SEC. 5320. APPOINTMENT OF EMPLOYEES TO THE
GLOBAL ENGAGEMENT CENTER.
The Secretary may appoint, for a 3-year
period that may be extended for up to an ad-
ditional 2 years, solely to carry out the func-
tions of the Global Engagement Center, em-
ployees of the Department without regard to
the provisions of title 5, United States Code,
governing appointment in
service, and may fix the basic compensation
of such employees without regard to chapter
51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of such
SEC. 5321. REST AND RECUPERATION AND OVER-
SEAS OPERATIONS LEAVE FOR FED-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter II of chapter
63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended
by adding at the end the following new sec-
"§ 6329d. Rest and recuperation leave
'(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section-
"(1) the term 'agency' means an Executive
agency (as that term is defined in section
105), but does not include the Government
Accountability Office;
"(2) the term 'combat zone' means a geo-
order of the President as an area in which
the Armed Forces are engaging or have en-
gaged in combat, an area designated by law
to be treated as a combat zone, or a location
the Department of Defense has certified for
combat zone tax benefits due to its direct
support of military operations;
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
'(3) the term 'employee' has the meaning
given that term in section 6301 of this title;
"(4) the term 'high risk, high threat post'
has the meaning given that term in section
104 of the Omnibus Diplomatic Security and
Antiterrorism Act of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4803); and
"(5) the term 'leave year' means the period
beginning on the first day of the first com-
plete pay period in a calendar year and end-
ing on the day immediately before the first
day of the first complete pay period in the
'(b) LEAVE FOR REST AND RECUPERATION.
The head of an agency may prescribe regula-
tions to grant up to 20 days of paid leave, per
leave year, for the purposes of rest and recu-
peration to an employee of the agency serv-
combat zone, any other high risk,
high threat post, or any other location pre-
significant security or operational
'(C) DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY OF AGENCY
section (b) is at the sole and exclusive discre-
tion of the head of the agency concerned.
leave provided under this section separately
from leave authorized under any other provi-
"§ 6329e. Overseas operations leave
"(a) DEFINITIONS.-
"(1) the term 'agency' means an Executive
agency (as that term is defined in section 105
of this title), but does not include the Gov-
ernment Accountability Office;
"(2) the term 'employee' has the meaning
given that term in section 6301 of this title;
'(3) the term 'leave year' means the period
beginning with the first day of the first com-
plete pay period in a calendar year and end-
ing with the day immediately before the first
day of the first complete pay period in the
November 4, 2021
the payments described in such subsection
for the period beginning on July
through September 30, 2022, when such au-
thority shall expire.
tion 5924 of title 5, United States Code, may
be exercised by the Secretary of State and
the heads of other Federal agencies for edu-
cation allowances to employees who are in
the United States with assignment orders to
a foreign area and for whom service abroad
has been interrupted or delayed because of
the coronavirus pandemic without regard to
subsection shall expire on September 30, 2022.
SEC. 5324. EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES AU-
Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C.
(1) in subsection (I), by striking "and"
(2) in subsection (m), by striking the period
and inserting "; and"; and
(3) by adding at the end the following new
The head of an agency may prescribe regula-
tions to grant up to 10 days of paid leave, per
serving abroad where the conduct of business
risks or would be inconsistent with
host-country practice. Such regulations may
provide that additional leave days may be
granted during such leave year if the head of
the agency determines that to do so is nec-
essary to advance the national security
foreign policy interests of the United States.
"(C) DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY OF AGENCY
section (b) is at the sole and exclusive discre-
tion of the head of the agency concerned.
RECORDS.—An
leave provided under this section separately
from leave authorized under any other provi-
AMENDMENT.—The table of
sections at the beginning of such chapter is
amended by inserting after the item relating
to section 6329c the following new items:
''6329d. Rest and recuperation leave.
''6329e. Overseas operations leave.'
CORONAVIRUS RELATED PAYMENTS.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State
whose employees are authorized to receive
payments of monetary amounts and other al-
lowances under section 5523 of title 5, United
States Code, may rely upon the authority of
that section, without regard to the time lim-
itations referenced therein, to continue such
payments in connection with authorized or
mined by the Secretary, provide emergency
vate United States citizens, nationals, and
permanent resident aliens abroad, or third
country nationals connected to such persons
sions of the United States abroad, who are
unable to obtain
such services or support
otherwise, with such assistance provided on
a reimbursable basis to the extent feasible.".
SEC. 5325. DEPARTMENT OF STATE STUDENT IN-
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary
shall establish the Department of State Stu-
dent Internship Program (in this section re-
ferred to as the 'Program'') to offer intern-
State to eligible students to raise awareness
of the essential role of diplomacy in the con-
duct of United States foreign policy and the
realization of United States foreign policy
(b) ELIGIBILITY.—To be eligible to partici-
pate in the Program, an applicant shall-
(1) be enrolled, not less than half-time, at—
(A) an institution of higher education (as
such term is defined section 102 of the Higher
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002)); or
based outside the United States, as deter-
mined by the Secretary of State;
(2) be able to receive and hold an appro-
priate security clearance; and
lished by the Secretary.
shall establish selection criteria for students
to be admitted into the Program that in-
cludes the following:
(1) Demonstrable interest in a career in
(b) APPLICABILITY —The authority under
subsection (a) shall be available to continue
(3) Such other criteria as determined by
OUTREACH.—The
shall advertise the Program widely, includ-
ing on the internet, through the Department
of State's Diplomats in Residence program,
and through other outreach and recruiting
undergraduate
encourage people belonging to
tionally under represented groups in terms
of racial, ethnic, geographic, and gender di-
versity, and disability status to apply to the
Program, including by conducting targeted

===== PAGE 208 =====
{"alpha_words": 1224, "chars": 8495, "method": "ocr", "page": 208, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
outreach at minority serving institutions (as SEC. 5326. COMPETITIVE STATUS FOR CERTAIN
such term is described in section 371(a) of the
EMPLOYEES HIRED BY INSPECTORS
Higher
Education
Act of 1965
(20 U.S.C.
GENERAL TO SUPPORT THE LEAD IG
MISSION.
1067q(a)).
Subparagraph (A) of section 8L(d)(5)(A) of
(e) COMPENSATION.
the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C
(1) IN GENERAL.—Students participating in
App.) is amended by striking "a lead Inspec-
the Program should be paid at least-
tor General for" and inserting "any of the
(A) the amount specified in section 6(a)(1)
Inspectors General specified in subsection (c)
of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29
U.S.C. 206(a)(1)); or
(B) the minimum wage of the jurisdiction
SEC. 5327. REPORT RELATING TO FOREIGN SERV-
ICE OFFICER TRAINING AND DEVEL-
in which the internship is located,
whichever is greatest.
(2) HOUSING ASSISTANCE.—
(A) ABROAD.—The Secretary of State shall
provide housing to a student participating in
the Program
whose permanent address
is
within the
United States if the location of
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 270 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
of State shall submit to the
appropriate committees of Congress a report
certain fellowship or detail opportunities for
Department of State Foreign
the internship in which such student is par-
ticipating is outside the United States.
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following ele-
(B) DOMESTIC.-
The Secretary of State is
authorized to provide housing to a student
participating in the Program whose perma-
nent address is within the United States if
the location of the internship in which such
participating
than
(1) The number of Senior Foreign Service
Officer generalists who, as of the date of the
enactment of this Act, have done a tour of at
least one year in any of the agencies or con-
committees described
from such student's permanent
(3) TRAVEL ASSISTANCE.—The Secretary of
State shall provide a student participating
in the Program whose permanent address is
within the United States financial assistance
to cover the costs of travel once to and once
from the location of the internship in which
such student is participating, including trav-
bus, or other transit as ap-
propriate, if the location of such internship
(A) more than 50 miles from such student's
(B) outside the United States.
(f) WORKING WITH INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER
-The Secretary of State is au-
thorized to enter into agreements with insti-
tutions of higher education to structure in-
ternships to ensure such internships satisfy
criteria for academic programs in which par-
ticipants in such internships are enrolled.
(g) REPORTS.—Not later than 18 months
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State shall submit to the
Committee on Foreign Relations of a Senate
and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
House of Representatives a report that in-
total number of senior Foreign
Service Officer generalists as of the date of
the enactment of this Act.
(3) The average number of Senior Foreign
Service Officer generalists inducted annually
during the 10 years preceding the date of the
(4) The total number of Department advi-
sors stationed in any of the agencies or con-
gressional offices described in subsection (a),
including the agencies or offices in which
(5) The total number of advisors from other
Government agencies
tioned in the Department of State (excluding
defense attaches, senior defense officials, and
other Department of Defense personnel sta-
tioned in United States missions abroad), the
home agency of the advisor, and the offices
in which such advisors serve.
SEC. 5328. INTERNATIONAL FAIRS AND EXPO-
$20,000,000 for the Department of State for
United States participation in international
States pavilions or other major exhibits.
TITLE IV-A DIVERSE WORKFORCE: RE-
RETENTION, AND
gender, institution of higher learning, home
State where each student graduated
from high school, and disability status, who
applied to the Program, were offered a posi-
tion, and participated.
(2) Information on the number of security
for such investigations, including
whether such investigations were completed
when, an interim security clear-
ance was granted.
(3) Information
on expenditures on the
(4) Information regarding the Department
of State's compliance with subsection (g).
(h) VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Nothing in this
may be construed to compel any employee of
the Department of State to participate in
the collection of the data or divulge any per-
sonal information. Department
shall be informed that their participation in
the data collection contemplated by this
PROTECTION.—Any data col-
lected under this section shall be subject to
the relevant privacy protection statutes and
regulations applicable to Federal employees.
(1) APPLICANT FLOW DATA.—The term 'ap-
among demographic categories.
(2) DEMOGRAPHIC DATA.-
-The term "demo-
graphic data" means facts or statistics relat-
ing to the demographic categories specified
in the Office of Management and Budget sta-
tistical policy directive entitled "Standards
for Maintaining, Collecting, and Presenting
Fed. Reg. 67398).
DIVERSITY.—The
under the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C.
et seq.) and the Americans with Dis-
abilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.).
(A) individuals serving in a position in the
civil service (as defined in section 2101 of
title 5, United States Code);
Foreign Service (as defined in section 103 of
the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C.
S8015
(C) all individuals serving under a personal
(D) all individuals serving under a Foreign
Service Limited appointment under section
309 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980; or
(E) individuals other
ployed Staff working in the Department of
State under any other authority.
SEC. 5402. COLLECTION, ANALYSIS, AND DISSEMI-
NATION OF WORKFORCE DATA.
INITIAL REPORT.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
with the Director of the Office of Personnel
Management and the Director of the Office
of Management and Budget, submit to the
port, which shall also be posted on a publicly
searchable database format, that
disaggregated demographic data
information regarding the diversity
workforce of the Department.
(b) DATA.—The report under subsection (a)
shall include the following data:
(1) Demographic data on each element of
disaggregated by rank and grade or grade-
equivalent, with respect to the following
(A) Applicants for positions in the Depart-
(B) Individuals hired to join the workforce.
(C) Individuals promoted during the 2-year
period ending on the date of the enactment
of this Act, including promotions to and
within the Senior Executive Service or the
(D) Individuals serving on applicable selec-
(E) Members of any external advisory com-
mittee or board who are subject to appoint-
ment by individuals at senior positions in
Individuals participating in
sional development programs of the Depart-
ment, and the extent to which such partici-
pants have been placed into senior positions
within the Department after such participa-
(G) Individuals participating in mentorship
separated from the
agency during the 2-year period ending on
the date of the enactment of this Act, in-
cluding individuals in the Senior Executive
Service or the Senior Foreign Service
(2) An assessment of agency
the essential elements identified in
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
Management Directive 715, effective October
(3) Data on the overall number of individ-
uals who are part of the workforce,
centages of such workforce corresponding to
each element listed in section 5401(4),
the percentages corresponding to each rank,
(C) RECOMMENDATION.
-The Secretary may
include in the report under subsection (a) a
recommendation to the Director of Office of
Management and Budget and to the appro-
priate congressional committees regarding
whether the Department should collect more
detailed data on demographic categories in
addition to the race and ethnicity categories
specified in the Office of Management and
Budget statistical policy directive entitled
"Standards for Maintaining, Collecting, and
Presenting Federal Data on Race and
(d)
OTHER
subsection (a) shall also describe and assess
the effectiveness of the efforts of the Depart-
ment-
(1) to propagate fairness, impartiality, and
inclusion in the work environment, both do-
mestically and abroad;

===== PAGE 209 =====
{"alpha_words": 1115, "chars": 8131, "method": "ocr", "page": 209, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(2) to enforce anti-harassment and anti-dis-
crimination policies, both domestically and
(3) to refrain from engaging in unlawful
discrimination in any phase of the employ-
ment process, including recruitment, hiring,
assignments, promotion, reten-
(4) to prevent illegal retaliation against
employees for participating
in a protected
equal employment opportunity activity or
for reporting sexual harassment or sexual as-
(5) to provide reasonable accommodation
for qualified employees and applicants with
(6) to recruit a representative workiorce
(A) recruiting women and minorities;
(B) recruiting at women's colleges, histori-
cally Black colleges and universities, minor-
tions serving a significant percentage of mi-
(C) placing job advertisements in news-
papers, magazines, and job sites oriented to-
ward women and minorities;
(D) sponsoring and recruiting at job fairs
in urban and rural communities and land-
grant colleges or universities;
providing opportunities through the
Foreign Service Internship
chapter 12 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980
(22 U.S.C. 4141 et seq.) and other hiring ini-
(F) recruiting mid-level and senior-level
professionals through programs designed to
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(2) to receive feedback on workplace poli-
cies, professional development opportunities,
and other issues affecting the decision of in-
dividuals in the workforce to remain in the
November 4, 2021
(C) EXPAND TRAINING ON ANTI-HARASSMENT
AND ANTI-DISCRIMINATION,
GENERAL.-The Secretary
through the Foreign Service Institute and
other educational and training opportuni-
TIAS
(A) ensure the provision to all individuals
in the workforce of training on anti-harass-
ment and anti-discrimination
General of the Foreign
Service and the Di-
rector of the Bureau of Human Resources or
its equivalent shall provide an opportunity
for an exit interview to each individual in
the workforce of the Department who sepa-
rates from service with the Department to
better understand the reasons of such indi-
vidual for leaving such service.
(c) USE OF ANALYSIS FROM INTERVIEWS.-
The Director General of the Foreign Service
and the Director of the Bureau of Human Re-
sources or its equivalent shall analyze demo-
graphic data and other information obtained
through interviews under subsections (a) and
(1) to what extent, if any, the diversity of
those participating in such
and Inclusion Strategic Plan for 2016-2020 to
promote diversity in Bureau awards or miti-
(B) expand the provision of training on
responsibilities
focus on anti-harassment and anti-discrimi-
nation information and policies, including
policies relating to sexual assault prevention
and response; and
(C) make such expanded training manda-
(i) individuals in senior and supervisory po-
(ii) individuals having responsibilities re-
changes or include any recommendations in
a report required under subsection (a) or (e)
of section 5402 relating to the determination
reached pursuant to paragraph (1).
(G) offering the Foreign Service written
and oral assessment examinations in several
locations throughout the United
burden of applicants having to
travel at their own expense to take either or
(H) expanding the use of paid internships;
(I) supporting recruiting and hiring oppor-
(i) the Charles B. Rangel International Af-
fairs Fellowship Program;
(ii) the Thomas R. Pickering Foreign Af-
fairs Fellowship Program; and
(iii) other initiatives, including
wide policy initiatives.
year after the publication of the report re-
quired under subsection (a) and annually
thereafter for the following 5 years, the Sec-
retary shall work with the Director of the
Office of Personnel Management and the Di-
Budget to provide a report to the appropriate
posted on the Department's website, which
may be included in another annual report re-
quired under another provision of law, that
(1) disaggregated demographic data relat-
ing to the workforce and information on the
status of diversity and inclusion efforts of
(2) an analysis of applicant flow data; and
(3) disaggregated demographic data relat-
ing to participants in professional develop-
ment programs of the Department and the
rate of placement into senior positions for
participants in such programs.
SEC. 5403. EXIT INTERVIEWS FOR WORKFORCE.
(a) RETAINED MEMBERS.—The Director Gen-
eral of the Foreign Service and the Director
Bureau of Human Resources
equivalent shall conduct periodic interviews
with a representative and diverse cross-sec-
tion of the workforce of the Department-
(1) to understand the reasons of individuals
in such workforce for remaining in a position
(1) track demographic data relating to par-
in professional development pro-
grams and the rate of placement into senior
positions for participants in such programs;
(2) annually evaluate such data-
(A) to identify ways to improve outreach
such programs,
sistent with merit system principles; and
(B) to understand the extent to which par-
ticipation in any professional development
program offered or sponsored by the Depart-
egories of the workforce; and
(3) actively encourage participation from a
range of demographic categories, especially
with consistently low par-
ticipation, in such professional development
SEC. 5404. RECRUITMENT AND RETENTION.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall-
(1) continue to seek a diverse and talented
Foreign Service and the Director of the Bu-
reau of Human Resources of the Department
to have a recruitment plan of action for the
recruitment of people belonging to tradition-
ally under-represented groups,
sional associations.
(b) SCOPE.—The diversity recruitment ini-
tiatives described in subsection (a) shall in-
(1) recruiting at women's colleges, histori-
cally Black colleges and universities, minor-
tions serving a significant percentage of mi-
nority students;
(2) placing job advertisements in
magazines, and job sites oriented to-
(3) sponsoring and recruiting at job fairs in
urban and rural communities and land-grant
(4) providing opportunities through highly
that focus on diversity recruitment
(5) expanding the use of paid internships;
(6) cultivating partnerships with organiza-
tions dedicated to
of international
affairs and na-
tional security to advance shared diversity
(iii) any other individual determined by
based on analysis by the Department or OPM
(2) BEST PRACTICES.—The Department shall
give special attention to ensuring
tinuous incorporation of research-based best
practices in training provided under this sub-
SEC. 5405. LEADERSHIP ENGAGEMENT AND AC-
(a) REWARD AND RECOGNIZE EFFORTS TO
PROMOTE DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION.-
-The Secretary
plement performance and advancement re-
quirements that reward and recognize the ef-
forts of individuals in senior positions and
supervisors in the Department in fostering
an inclusive
talent consistent with merit system prin-
ciples, such as through participation in men-
toring programs or sponsorship initiatives,
recruitment events, and other similar oppor-
(2) OUTREACH EVENTS.—The Secretary shall
create opportunities for individuals in senior
positions and supervisors in the Department
to participate in outreach events and to dis-
cuss issues relating to diversity and inclu-
sion with the workforce on a regular basis,
including with employee resource groups.
EXTERNAL ADVISORY COMMITTEES
BOARDS.—For each
external advisory
mittee or board to which individuals in sen-
members, the Secretary is strongly encour-
aged by Congress to ensure such external ad-
visory committee or board is developed, re-
viewed, and carried out by qualified teams
that represent the diversity of the organiza-
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OP-
PORTUNITIES AND TOOLS.
(a) EXPAND PROVISION OF PROFESSIONAL DE-
VELOPMENT AND CAREER ADVANCEMENT
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary is author-
ized to expand professional development op-
portunities that support the mission needs of
the Department, such as-
(A) academic programs;
(B) private-public exchanges; and
(i) private or international organizations;
(ii) State, local, and Tribal governments;
(iii) other branches of the Federal Govern-
(iv) professional schools of international

===== PAGE 210 =====
{"alpha_words": 1231, "chars": 8772, "method": "ocr", "page": 210, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(2) TRAINING FOR SENIOR POSITIONS.
(A) IN GENERAL.-
The Secretary shall offer,
or sponsor members of the workforce to par-
ticipate in, a Senior Executive Service can-
didate development program or
other pro-
gram that trains members on the skills re-
quired for appointment to senior positions in
the Department.
(B) REQUIREMENTS.—In determining which
members of the workforce are granted pro-
fessional
development
or
career
advance-
ment opportunities under subparagraph (A),
the Secretary shall-
(i) ensure any program offered or sponsored
by the Department under such subparagraph
comports with the requirements of subpart C
of part 412 of title 5, Code of Federal Regula-
tions,
or any successor thereto, including
merit staffing and assessment requirements;
(ii) consider the number of expected vacan-
cies in senior positions as a factor in deter-
mining the number of candidates to select
for such programs;
(iii) understand how participation in any
program offered or sponsored by the Depart-
ment under
such subparagraph
differs
by
gender, race, national origin, disability sta-
tus, or other demographic categories; and
(iv) actively encourage participation from
range of demographic
categories,
espe-
cially from categories with consistently low
participation.
SEC. 5407. EXAMINATION AND ORAL ASSESSMENT
FOR THE FOREIGN SERVICE.
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that the Department should offer
Foreign Service written examina-
tion and oral assessment in more locations
throughout the United States.
would ease the financial burden on potential
who do not currently reside in
and must travel at their own expense to one
of the few locations where these assessments
(b) FOREIGN SERVICE EXAMINATIONS.-
tion 301(b) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980
"'The Secretary" and insert-
ing: "(1) The Secretary'; and
(2) by adding at the end the following new
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(1) INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY.—The term
"intelligence community" has the meaning
given
such term in
section 3(4) of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)).
(2)
RELEVANT
CONGRESSIONAL
COMMIT-
TEES.-
-The
term
"relevant congressional
committees' means-
(A) the appropriate congressional commit-
tees;
(B) the Select Committee on Intelligence
of the Senate; and
(C) the Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence of the House of Representatives.
SEC.
5502.
LIST
OF
CERTAIN
TELECOMMUNI-
CATIONS PROVIDERS.
later than 30 days after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary, in consulta-
the Director of National Intel-
ligence,
case may be, and update as frequently as the
Secretary determines appropriate, a list of
contractors with respect to which
the Department should seek to avoid enter-
ing into contracts. Not later than 30 days
after the initial development of the list
under this subsection, any update thereto,
such initial 30 day period, the Secretary
shall submit to the
appropriate congres-
sional committees a copy of such list.
(b) COVERED CONTRACTOR DEFINED.—In this
means a provider of telecommunications,
telecommunications equipment, or informa-
tion technology equipment, including hard-
ware, soitware, or services, that has know-
ingly assisted or facilitated a cyber attack
or conducted surveillance, including passive
or active monitoring,
carried out against-
(1) the United States by, or on behalf of,
any government, or persons associated with
such government, listed as a cyber threat
the intelligence community's 2017
assessment of worldwide threats to United
States national security or any subsequent
threat assessment of the intel-
ligence community; or
(2) individuals, including activists, journal-
ists, opposition politicians, or other individ-
uals for the purposes of suppressing dissent
or intimidating critics, on behalf of a coun-
try included in the annual
on human rights practices of the Department
systematic acts of political repression,
including arbitrary arrest or detention, tor-
extrajudicial or politically
killing, or other gross violations of human
S8017
identifying Federal records,
and shall also
publish in
the Foreign Affairs Manual
the
statutory penalties
for failure to
comply
with such guidance.
Beginning on the date
that is 180 days after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, no funds are authorized to
be appropriated or made available to the De-
partment of State under any Act to support
the
use
or
establishment
of
accounts
on
third-party messaging applications or other
non-Government
online
communication
tools if the Secretary does not certify to the
relevant congressional committees that the
Secretary has carried out this section.
The
prohibition described in this subsection shall
not apply to warden or embassy
SEC. 5504. FOREIGN RELATIONS OF THE UNITED
STATES (FRUS) SERIES AND DECLAS-
The State Department Basic Authorities
Act of 1956 is amended
(1) in section 402(a)(2) (22 U.S.C. 4352(a)(2)),
(2) in section 404 (22 U.S.C. 4354)—
"30"'and inserting "25"; and
(B) in subsection (c)(1)(C), by striking "30"
and inserting "25".
SEC. 5505. VULNERABILITY DISCLOSURE POLICY
AND BUG BOUNTY PILOT PROGRAM.
(1) BUG BOUNTY PROGRAM.—The term 'bug
bounty program" means a program under
which an approved individual, organization,
identify and report vulnerabilities of inter-
net-facing information technology of the De-
partment in exchange for compensation.
-The term "Department"
means the Department of State.
(3) INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY.—The term
given such term in section 11101 of title 40,
United States Code.
means the Secretary of State.
(b) DEPARTMENT
OF STATE VULNERABILITY
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
make publicly known a Vulnerability Disclo-
sure Process (VDP) to improve Department
(A) providing
security researchers with
(1) conducting vulnerability discovery ac-
tivities directed at Department information
Board of Examiners for the Foreign Service
annually offers the oral assessment examina-
tions described in paragraph
chosen on a rotating basis,
least five cities in three different time zones
SEC. 5408. PAYNE FELLOWSHIP AUTHORIZATION.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Undergraduate and grad-
International Development Fellowship Pro-
gram may conduct outreach to attract out-
standing students with an interest in pur-
suing a Foreign Service career who represent
DUCTED RELATED TO OFFICIAL DU-
TIES OF POSITIONS IN THE PUBLIC
TRUST OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that, as a matter of rule of law and
all officers and employees of the Department
(b) REVIEW OF PAST PROGRAMS.—The Sec-
retary shall review past programs designed
to increase minority representation in inter-
national affairs positions.
SEC. 5409. VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION.
GENERAL.—Nothing
should be construed so as to compel any em-
ployee to participate in the collection of the
or divulge any personal information.
that their participation in the data collec-
tion contemplated by this title is voluntary.
(b) PRIVACY PROTECTION.—Any data col-
lected under this title shall be subject to the
relevant privacy protection statutes and reg-
ulations applicable to Federal employees.
TITLE V-INFORMATION SECURITY
their official capacities or related to their
United States Government. It is further the
sense of Congress that such practice should
include foreign government officials or other
foreign entities which may seek to influence
United States Government policies and ac-
(b) PUBLICATION.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary shall publish in
Affairs Manual guidance implementing chap-
monly referred to as the 'Federal Records
Act"), to treat electronic
software, and applications as equiva-
lent to electronic mail for the purpose of
vulnerabilities to the Department; and
(B) creating Department procedures and
infrastructure to receive and fix discovered
vulnerabilities.
(2)
REQUIREMENTS.—In
establishing
the
VDP pursuant to paragraph (1), the Sec-
retary shall-
(A) identify which Department informa-
tion technology should be included in
the
process;
(B) determine whether the process should
differentiate among and specify the types of
security
vulnerabilities
that may
be
tar-
geted;
(C) provide a readily available means of re-
porting discovered
security
vulnerabilities
and the form in which such vulnerabilities
should be reported;
(D) identify which Department offices and
positions
will be responsible for receiving,
prioritizing, and addressing security vulner-
ability disclosure reports;
(E) consult with the Attorney General re-
garding how to ensure that individuals, orga-
nizations, and companies that comply with
the requirements of the process are pro-
tected from prosecution under section 1030 of

===== PAGE 211 =====
{"alpha_words": 1200, "chars": 8461, "method": "ocr", "page": 211, "variant": "plain-vision"}
title 18, United States Code, and similar pro-
visions of law for specific activities author-
ized under the process;
(F) consult with the relevant offices at the
Department of Defense that were responsible
for launching the 2016 Vulnerability
sure Program,
"Hack the Pentagon", and
subsequent Department of Defense bug boun-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
paragraph (B), submit to a background check
as determined by the Department, and re-
determination as to eligibility for
participation in such pilot program;
(G) engage qualified interested persons, in-
cluding nongovernmental sector representa-
tives, about the structure of such pilot pro-
gram as constructive and to the extent prac-
(G) engage qualified interested persons, in-
cluding nongovernmental sector representa-
about the structure of the process as
constructive and to the extent practicable;
consult with relevant United
complements persistent net-
work and vulnerability scans of the Depart-
ment of State's internet-accessible systems,
(HI) award contracts to entities,
ment the remediation of discovered security
Binding Operational Directive BOD-15-01.
DURATION.—The pilot
lished under paragraph (1) should be short-
term in duration and not last longer than 1
(4) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after
the date on which the bug bounty pilot pro-
gram under subsection (a) is completed, the
Secretary shall submit to the Committee on
the Senate and the
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House
of Representatives a report on
program, including information relating to—
(A) the number of approved individuals, or-
ganizations, or companies involved in such
pilot program, broken down by the number
of approved individuals, organizations,
November 4, 2021
(b) DIRECTOR OF RESEARCH AND EVALUA-
(1) APPOINTMENT.—Not later than 90 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary shall appoint a Director of Re-
search and Evaluation (referred to in
subsection as the 'Director") in the Office of
Planning, and Resources for Public
Diplomacy and Public Affairs of the Depart-
(2) LIMITATION ON APPOINTMENT.—The ap-
pointment of the Director pursuant to para-
graph (1) shall not result in an increase in
full-time equivalent positions
under paragraph (1) and annually thereafter
for the next 5 years, the Secretary of State
shall submit to the Committee on Foreign
Relations of the Senate and the Committee
on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-
atives a report on the VDP, including infor-
mation relating to the following:
(A) The number and severity,
ance with the National Vulnerabilities Data-
base of the National Institute of Standards
and Technology, of security
(B) The number of previously unidentified
security vulnerabilities remediated as a re-
(C) The current number of outstanding pre-
viously unidentified security vulnerabilities
and Department of State remediation plans.
(D) The average length of time between the
mediation of such vulnerabilities.
(E) The resources, surge staffing, roles, and
responsibilities within the Department used
to implement the VDP and complete secu-
rity vulnerability remediation.
(F) Any other information the
(C) DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUG BOUNTY
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
Secretary shall establish a bug bounty pilot
program to minimize security vulnerabilities
of internet-facing information technology of
REQUIREMENTS.-In
pilot program described in paragraph (1), the
provide compensation for reports of
vulnerabilities within the websites, applica-
tions, and other internet-facing information
technology of the Department that are ac-
cessible to the public;
essary, to manage such pilot program and for
vulnerabilities identified pursuant to sub-
(C) identify which Department information
technology should be included in such pilot
(D) consult with the Attorney General on
ensure
tions, or companies that comply with the re-
quirements of such pilot program
tected from prosecution under section 1030 of
title 18, United States Code, and similar pro-
visions of law for specific activities author-
ized under such pilot program;
(E) consult with the relevant offices at the
Department of Defense that were responsible
for launching the 2016 "Hack the Pentagon"
pilot program and subsequent Department of
Defense bug bounty programs;
(F) develop a process by which an approved
organization, or company can
register with the entity referred to in sub-
(A) coordinate and oversee
and evaluation of public diplomacy programs
and activities of the Department in order
T.0-
(i) improve public diplomacy strategies
(il) ensure that such programs and activi-
standing, and trust of the United States by
(ii) were approved;
(iv) received compensation;
(B) the number and severity, in accordance
of the National Institute of Standards and
Technology, of security vulnerabilities re-
ported as part of such pilot program;
(C) the number of previously unidentified
security vulnerabilities remediated as a re-
sult of such pilot program;
(D) the current number of outstanding pre-
viously unidentified security vulnerabilities
and Department remediation plans;
(E) the average length of time between the
reporting of security vulnerabilities and re-
mediation of such vulnerabilities;
(F) the types of compensation provided
under such pilot program; and
(G) the lessons learned from such pilot pro-
TITLE VI-PUBLIC DIPLOMACY
SEC. 5601. SHORT TITLE.
This title may be cited as the 'Public Di-
plomacy Modernization Act of 2021'
SEC. 5602. AVOIDING
DUPLICATION OF PRO-
ence research,
digital analytics, and impact
evaluations across all public diplomacy bu-
reaus and offices of the Department;
(C) support United States diplomatic posts'
public affairs sections;
(D) share appropriate public diplomacy re-
the Department and with other appropriate
Federal departments and agencies;
(E) regularly design and coordinate stand-
and procedures to ensure that public diplo-
macy programs and activities across all pub-
signed to meet appropriate foreign policy ob-
(F) report biannually to the United States
Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy,
through the Subcommittee on Research and
section (f), regarding the research and eval-
uation of all public diplomacy bureaus and
(4) GUIDANCE AND TRAINING.—Not later than
1 year after the appointment of the Director
pursuant to paragraph (1), the Director shall
curriculum for use by the Foreign Service
Institute, for all public diplomacy officers of
the Department regarding the reading and
interpretation of public diplomacy program
evaluation findings to ensure
learned are implemented in the planning and
evaluation of all public diplomacy programs
and activities of the Department.
(1) identify opportunities for greater effi-
ciency of operations, including through im-
proved coordination of efforts across public
diplomacy bureaus and offices of the Depart-
shared use of resources
tween, and within, such public diplomacy bu-
reaus and offices in cases in which programs,
administrative functions
duplicative or substantially overlapping.
SEC. 5603. IMPROVING RESEARCH AND EVALUA-
TION OF PUBLIC DIPLOMACY.
—The Secretary, acting through the Di-
rector of Research and Evaluation appointed
pursuant to subsection (b), shall-
(1) conduct regular research and evaluation
of public diplomacy programs and activities
including through
routine use of audience research, digital ana-
execute such programs and activities; and
(2) make available to Congress the findings
of the research and evaluations conducted
(1) IN GENERAL.—The head of the Office of
Policy, Planning, and Resources for Public
Diplomacy and Public Affairs of the Depart-
ment shall ensure that research and evalua-
tion of public diplomacy and activities of the
as coordinated and overseen by
the Director pursuant to subsection (b), sup-
ports strategic planning and resource alloca-
tion across all public diplomacy bureaus and
offices of the Department.
allocated for the purpose of research
evaluation of public diplomacy programs and
activities of the Department
subsection (b) shall be made available to be
disbursed at the direction of the Director of
Research and Evaluation among the research
and evaluation staff across all public diplo-
macy bureaus and offices of the Department.
(3) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that the Department should gradu-
its allocation of funds made
available under the headings 'Educational

===== PAGE 212 =====
{"alpha_words": 1214, "chars": 8395, "method": "ocr", "page": 212, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
and Cultural Exchange Programs" and 'Dip-
lomatic Programs" for research and evalua-
of public diplomacy programs and ac-
tivities of the Department pursuant to sub-
section (b) to a percentage of program funds
that is commensurate with Federal Govern-
ment best practices.
EXEMPTION RELATING TO THE
PAPERWORK REDUCTION ACT.—Chapter 35 of
United States Code (commonly
shall not apply to the collection of informa-
tion directed at any individuals conducted
by, or on behalf of, the Department of State
for the purpose of audience research, moni-
and evaluations,
with the Department's activities conducted
pursuant to any of the following:
(1) The Mutual Educational and Cultural
Exchange Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2451 et seq.).
(2) Section 1287 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public
Law 114-328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note).
(3) The Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22
(e) LIMITED EXEMPTION RELATING TO THE
GENERAL.—The Department shall
records (as such term is defined in section
audience research, digital analytics, and im-
pact evaluation of communications related
to public diplomacy efforts intended for for-
(2) CONDITIONS.—Audience research, digital
impact evaluations
(A) reasonably tailored to meet the pur-
poses of this subsection; and
(B) carried out with due regard for privacy
and civil liberties guidance and oversight.
(f) UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON
(1) SUBCOMMITTEE FOR RESEARCH AND EVAL-
United States
mission on Public Diplomacy shall establish
a Subcommittee on Research and Evaluation
to monitor and advise regarding audience re-
search, digital analytics, and impact evalua-
tions carried out by the Department and the
United States Agency for Global Media.
(2) ANNUAL REPORT.—The Subcommittee on
Research and Evaluation established pursu-
ant to paragraph (1) shall submit to the ap-
propriate congressional committees an an-
nual report, in conjunction with the United
States Advisory Commission on Public Di-
plomacy's Comprehensive Annual Report on
the performance of the Department and the
United States Agency for Global Media, de-
all actions taken by the Sub-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
shall submit to the appropriate
congressional committees a plan to imple-
ment any such findings of the working group
established under subsection (a).
SEC. 5606. GUIDANCE FOR CLOSURE OF PUBLIC
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State shall adopt, and in-
clude in the Foreign Affairs Manual, guide-
lines to collect and utilize information from
each diplomatic post at which the construc-
tion of a new embassy compound or new con-
sulate compound would result in the closure
or co-location of an American Space, Amer-
ican Center, American Corner, or any other
public diplomacy facility under the Secure
Embassy Construction and Counterterrorism
Act of 1999 (22 U.S.C. 4865 et seq.).
quired by subsection (a) shall include the fol-
(1) Standardized notification to each chief
of mission at a
diplomatic post describing
the requirements of the Secure Embassy
Construction and Counterterrorism Act
1999 and the impact on the mission footprint
of such requirements.
(2) An assessment and recommendations
from each chief of mission of potential im-
pacts to public diplomacy programming at
such diplomatic post if any public diplomacy
facility referred to in subsection (a) is closed
or staff is co-located in accordance with such
(3) A process by which
assessments and
(E) The public diplomacy functions within
the regional and functional bureaus.
TITLE VII-COMBATING PUBLIC
CORRUPTION
SEC. 5701. SENSE OF CONGRESS.
It is the sense of Congress that-
(1) it is in the foreign policy interest of the
United States to help foreign countries pro-
mote good governance and combat public
(2) multiple Federal departments and agen-
programs that promote good
governance in foreign countries and enhance
such countries' ability to combat public cor-
(3) the Department of State should-
(A) promote coordination among the Fed-
eral departments and agencies implementing
programs to promote good governance and
combat public corruption in foreign coun-
tries in order to improve effectiveness and
(B) identify areas in which United States
efforts to help other countries promote good
governance and combat public corruption
priate Under Secretaries and Assistant Sec-
retaries of the Department.
(4) Notification to the appropriate congres-
sional committees, prior to the initiation of
new embassy compound or new
compound design, of the intent to close any
such public diplomacy facility or co-locate
public diplomacy stati in accordance with
(c) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after
the date of the enactment of this Act,
Secretary shall submit to the appropriate
taining the guidelines required under sub-
section (a) and any recommendations for any
modifications to such guidelines.
PERMANENT REAUTHORIZATION OF
Section 1334 of the Foreign Affairs Reform
and Restructuring Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6553)
"SUNSET' and inserting 'CONTINUATION'; and
(2) by striking 'until October 1, 2021'
SEC. 5605. STREAMLINING OF SUPPORT FUNC-
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary shall estab-
lish a working group to explore the possibili-
transitioning to a shared services model as
human resources,
other executive support functions for all bu-
reaus of the Department that report to the
Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy of the
(1) AUDIENCE RESEARCH.—The term
means research conducted at
the outset of a public diplomacy program or
the outset of campaign planning and design
regarding specific audience segments to un-
derstand the attitudes, interests, knowledge,
and behaviors of such audience segments.
(2) DIGITAL ANALYTICS.—The term "digital
means the analysis of qualitative
ital format, to indicate the outputs and out-
a public diplomacy program
(3) IMPACT EVALUATION.—The term 'impact
changes in the audience targeted by a public
diplomacy program or campaign that can be
attributed to such program or campaign.
(4) PUBLIC DIPLOMACY
FICES.—The term "public diplomacy bureaus
and offices" means, with respect to the De-
(A) The Bureau of
Educational and Cul-
(B) The Bureau of Global Public Affairs.
(C) The Office of Policy, Planning, and Re-
sources for Public Diplomacy and Public Af-
(D) The Global Engagement Center.
(1) CORRUPT ACTOR.—The term
(A) any foreign person or entity that is a
government official or government entity re-
sponsible for, or complicit in, an act of cor-
(B) any company, in which a person or en-
tity described in subparagraph (A) has a sig-
nificant stake,
which is responsible for, or
complicit in, an act of corruption.
exercise of entrusted
public power for private gain, including by
bribery, nepotism, fraud, or embezzlement.
"significant corruption"
means corruption
committed at a high level of government
that has some or all of the following charac-
(A) Illegitimately distorts major decision-
making, such as policy or resource
minations, or other fundamental functions of
economically or socially
large-scale government activities.
SEC. 5703. PUBLICATION OF TIERED RANKING
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State
shall annually publish, on a publicly acces-
sible website, a tiered ranking of all foreign
-A country shall be
ranked as a tier 1 country in the ranking
published under subsection (a) if the govern-
ment of such country is complying with the
minimum standards set forth in section 5704.
(C) TIER 2 COUNTRIES.—A country shall be
ranked as a tier 2 country in the ranking
published under subsection (a) if the govern-
ment of such country is making efforts to
forth in section 5704, but is not achieving the
requisite level of compliance to be ranked as
(d) TIER 3 COUNTRIES.—A country shall be
ranked as a tier 3 country in the ranking
published under subsection (a) if the govern-
ment of such country is making de minimis
or no efforts to comply
with the minimum
standards set forth in section 5704.
SEC. 5704. MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMI-
NATION OF CORRUPTION AND AS-
SESSMENT OF EFFORTS TO COMBAT
GENERAL.—The government of a
standards for the elimination of corruption if
the government-
(1) has enacted and implemented laws and
established government structures, policies,

===== PAGE 213 =====
{"alpha_words": 1145, "chars": 8137, "method": "ocr", "page": 213, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
and practices that prohibit corruption, in- tions, including due diligence and beneficial
cluding significant corruption;
ownership transparency requirements;
(12) whether the government of the coun
graph (1) by punishing any person who is
try is facilitating corruption in other coun-
connection with state-directed
vestment, loans or grants for major infra-
punishment for significant
corruption that is commensurate with the
structure, or other initiatives; and
(13) such other information relating to cor-
ruption as the Secretary of State considers
(4) is making serious and sustained efforts
to address corruption, including through pre-
(b) FACTORS FOR ASSESSING GOVERNMENT
EFFORTS TO COMBAT CORRUPTION.-
mining whether a government is making se-
rious and sustained efforts to address corrup-
tion, the Secretary of State shall consider,
to the extent relevant or appropriate, factors
(1) whether the government of the country
has criminalized corruption, investigates and
prosecutes acts of corruption, and convicts
and sentences persons responsible for such
acts over which it has jurisdiction,
ing, as appropriate, incarcerating individuals
(2) whether the government of the country
victs, and sentences public officials who par-
ticipate in or facilitate corruption, including
nationals of the country who are deployed in
foreign military assignments, trade delega-
tions abroad, or other similar missions, who
EVANT INTERNATIONAL COMMITMENTS.—In de-
termining whether a government is making
serious and sustained efforts to address cor-
Secretary of State shall con-
sider the government of a country's compli-
ance with the following, as relevant:
(1) The Inter-American Convention against
Corruption of the Organization of American
States, done at Caracas March 29, 1996.
(2) The Convention on Combating Bribery
of Foreign Public Officials in International
Business Transactions of the Organisation of
Economic Co-operation
and Development,
done at Paris December 21, 1997 (commonly
November 4, 2021
under subsections (a)(2) and (b)(4) shall ter-
minate on the date that is 5 years after the
date of the enactment of this Act.
tees specified in this subsection are-
(1) the Committee on
Foreign Relations,
the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-
fairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of
the Senate; and
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
mittee on Financial Services, and the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-
SEC. 5706. DESIGNATION OF EMBASSY ANTI-COR-
RUPTION POINTS OF CONTACT.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State
point of contact at the United States diplo-
matic post to each country identified as tier
2 or tier 3 under section 5703, or which the
Secretary otherwise determines is in need of
The point of contact
shall be the chief of mission or the chief of
(3) The United Nations Convention against
Transnational Organized Crime, done at New
(4) The United Nations Convention against
Corruption, done at New York October 31,
(3) whether the government of the country
has adopted measures to prevent corruption,
such as measures to inform and educate the
potential victims, about
the causes and consequences of corruption;
(4) what steps the government of the coun-
try has taken to prohibit government offi-
cials from participating in, facilitating, or
tigation, prosecution, and conviction of such
(5) the extent to which the country pro-
or, as appropriate, makes ade-
quate resources available, to civil society or-
ganizations and other institutions to combat
(6) whether an independent judiciary or ju-
dicial body in the country is responsible for,
and effectively capable of, deciding corrup-
tion cases impartially, on the basis of facts
and in accordance with the law, without any
international standards as the Secretary of
State considers appropriate.
SEC. 5705. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS UNDER
RIGHTS ACCOUNTABILITY ACT.
in coordination with the Secretary
Treasury, should evaluate whether there are
foreign persons engaged in significant cor-
ruption for the purposes of potential imposi-
Magnitsky Human
Accountability
Act (subtitle F of title XII of Public Law 114-
328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note)-
(1) in all countries identified as tier 3 coun-
tries under section 5703; or
(2) in relation to the planning or construc-
tion or any operation of the Nord Stream 2
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180
section 5703(a) and annually thereafter, the
Secretary of State shall submit to the com-
mittees specified in subsection (f) a report
(1) a list of foreign persons with respect to
which the President imposed sanctions pur-
suant to the evaluation under subsection (a);
(2) the dates on which such sanctions were
(3) the reasons for imposing such
(4) a list of all foreign persons found to
have been engaged in significant corruption
in relation to the planning, construction, or
operation of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline.
(C) FORM OF REPORT.-
- Each report required
by subsection (b) shall be submitted in un-
classified form but may include a classified
(d) BRIEFING IN LIEU OF REPORT.—The Sec-
Secretary of the Treasury, may (except with
respect to the
(b)(4)) provide a briefing to the committees
specified in subsection (f) instead of submit-
ting a written report required under sub-
section (b), if doing so would better serve ex-
isting United States anti-corruption efforts
tion point of contact designated under sub-
section (a) shall be responsible for enhancing
coordination and promoting the implementa-
among the relevant Federal departments and
agencies undertaking efforts to-
(1) promote good governance in foreign
countries; and
(2) enhance the ability of such countries-
(A) to combat public corruption; and
(B) to develop and implement corruption
risk assessment tools and mitigation strate-
(C) TRAINING.—The Secretary of State shall
implement appropriate training for anti-cor-
ruption points of contact designated under
TITLE VIII-GLOBAL MAGNITSKY HUMAN
RIGHTS ACCOUNTABILITY REAUTHOR-
SEC. 5801. SHORT TITLE.
Reauthorization Act'
SEC. 5802. MODIFICATIONS TO AND REAUTHOR-
SPECT TO HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLA-
(a) DEFINITIONS
Accountability
Act (Subtitle F of title XII of Public Law
U.S.C. 2656 note) is amended by
striking paragraph (2) and inserting the fol-
'(2) IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBER.—The term
'immediate family member', with respect to
a foreign person, means the spouse, parent,
sibling, or adult child of the person.'
(7) whether the government of the country
is assisting in international investigations of
other cooperative efforts to combat signifi-
cant corruption,
as appropriate,
cooperating with the governments of other
countries to extradite corrupt actors;
(8) whether the government of the country
recognizes the rights of victims of corrup-
tion, ensures their access to justice, and
takes steps to prevent victims from being
further victimized or persecuted by corrupt
actors, government officials, or others;
(9) whether the government of the country
protects victims of corruption or whistle-
reprisal due to such persons
having assisted in exposing corruption, and
ment of such persons;
(10) whether the government of the coun-
try is willing and able to recover and, as ap-
propriate, return the proceeds of corruption;
(11) whether the government of the coun
try is taking steps to implement financial
transparency measures in line with the Fi-
(e) TERMINATION OF REQUIREMENTS RELAT-
Force recommenda-ING TO NORD STREAM 2.—The requirements
Act (Subtitle F of title XII of Public Law
114-328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) is amended by in-
serting after section 1262 the following new
"SEC. 1262A. SENSE OF CONGRESS.
"It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-
dent should establish and regularize informa-
tion sharing and sanctions-related decision
making with like-minded governments pos-
human rights and anti-corruption
those authorized under this subtitle.".
(C) IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS.-
1263 of the Global Magnitsky Human Rights
Accountability Act (Subtitle F of title XII of
Public Law 114-328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) is
'(a) IN GENERAL.—The President may im-
pose the sanctions described in subsection (b)

===== PAGE 214 =====
{"alpha_words": 1258, "chars": 8513, "method": "ocr", "page": 214, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(1) any foreign person that the President the immediate family members of that per-
determines, based on credible information—
son" after "a person"
'(A) is responsible for or complicit in, or
(d) REPORTS TO CONGRESS.—Section 1264(a)
has directly or indirectly engaged in, serious
of the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Ac-
countability Act (Subtitle F of title XII of
Public Law 114-328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) is
'(B) is a current or former government of-
ficial, or a person acting for or on behalf of
(1) in paragraph (5), by striking "; and" and
complicit in, or has directly or indirectly en-
'(I) the misappropriation of state assets;
'(II) the expropriation of private assets for
personal gain;
"(III) corruption related to
contracts or the extraction of natural re-
(2) in paragraph (6), by striking the period
at the end and inserting "; and'; and
(3) by adding at the end the following:
'(7) A description of additional steps taken
by the President through diplomacy, inter-
national engagement, and assistance to for-
eign or security sectors to address persistent
underlying causes of serious human rights
"(IV) bribery; or
transfer of the proceeds of corruption;
'(C) is or has been a leader or official of—
"(i) an entity, including a government en-
tity, that has engaged in, or whose members
engaged in, any of the activities de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B) related to
the tenure of the leader or official; or
ests in property are blocked pursuant to this
section as a result of activities related to the
tenure of the leader or official;
'(D) has materially assisted, sponsored, or
logical support for, or goods or services to or
'(i) an activity described in subparagraph
(A) or (B) that is conducted by a foreign per-
which foreign persons with respect to which
been imposed under section
1263 are located."
(e) REPEAL OF SUNSET.—Section 1265 of the
Global Magnitsky Human Rights Account-
ability Act (Subtitle F of title XII of Public
Law 114-328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) is repealed.
TITLE IX-OTHER MATTERS
SEC. 5901. LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE TO COUN-
TRIES IN DEFAULT.
Section 620(q) of the Foreign Assistance
Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2370(q)) is amended—
(1) by striking "No assistance" and insert-
ing the following:
'(1) No assistance";
(2) by inserting 'the government of'' before
"any country";
(3) by inserting 'the government of'' before
"such country" each place it appears;
"(ii) a person whose property and interests
in property are blocked pursuant to this sec-
entity, including a government
that has engaged in, or whose mem-
bers have engaged in, an activity described
in subparagraph (A) or (B) conducted by a
follows and inserting "determines, after con-
sultation with the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs and the Committee on Appropriations
of the House of Representatives
"(E) is owned or controlled by, or has acted
or been purported to act for or on behalf of,
directly or indirectly, a person whose prop-
erty and interests in property are blocked
pursuant to this section; and
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate,
that assistance for such country is in the na-
tional interest of the United States."; and
(5) by adding at the end the following new
person described in paragraph (1)."
(2) CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN
TION.—Subsection (c)(2) of such
amended by inserting 'corruption and' after
(3) REQUESTS BY CONGRESS.—Subsection (d)
'(2) No assistance shall be furnished under
the Peace Corps Act, the Millen-
nium Challenge Act of 2003, the African De-
velopment Foundation Act, the BUILD Act
of 2018, section 504 of the FREEDOM Support
Act, or section 23 of the Arms Export Control
Act to the government of any country which
is in default during a period in excess of 1
(1) in the matter preceding
subparagraph
ing "subsection (a)(1)'; and
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by inserting "or
an immediate family member of the person';
States of principal or interest or any loan
made to the government of such country by
the United States unless the President deter-
following consultation with the con-
gressional committees specified in paragraph
(1), that assistance for such country is in the
national interest of the United States."
SEC. 5902. SEAN AND DAVID GOLDMAN CHILD AB-
DUCTION PREVENTION AND RETURN
Subsection (b) of section 101
and David Goldman International Child Ab-
duction Prevention and Return Act of 2014
(22 U.S.C. 9111; Public Law 113-150) is amend-
(4) in paragraph (9), by striking the period
at the end and inserting "; and"; and
(5) by adding at the end the following new
"(10) the total number of pending cases the
Department of State has assigned to case of-
ficers and number of children involved for
each country and as a total for all coun-
SEC. 5903. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES OF
COMMISSION FOR THE PRESERVA-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 3123 of title 54,
United States Code, is amended as follows:
(1) In section 312302,
unimpeded access to those sites, " after and
(A) in paragraph (2)-
(i) by striking "and historic buildings" and
unimpeded access to those sites'; and
(ii) by striking "and protected" and insert-
ing ", protected, and made accessible"; and
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking 'and pro-
"protecting,
making accessible".
(3) In section 312305, by inserting 'and to
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Aí-
fairs of the House of Representatives" after
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act,
Commission for the Preservation
ica's Heritage Abroad shall submit to the
President and to the Committee on Foreign
Relations of the Senate and the Committee
on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-
atives a report that contains an evaluation
of the extent to which the Commission is
prepared to continue its activities and ac-
complishments with respect to the
heritage of United States citizens from east-
ern and central Europe, were the Commis-
sion's duties and powers extended to include
other regions, including the Middle East and
North Africa, and any additional resources
or personnel the Commission would require.
SEC. 5904. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT, QUAR-
TERLY REVIEW, AND AUTHORITY RE-
VIDED BY CHIEFS OF MISSION FOR
STATES GOVERNMENT OPERATIONS.
than 30 days after the date on which a chief
of mission provides concurrence for the pro-
to entities or individuals engaged in facili-
tating or supporting United States Govern-
ment operations within the area of responsi-
bility of the chief of mission, the Secretary
of State shall notify the
Committee on For-
eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-
Representatives of the provision of such con-
(i) in subparagraph (A)-
(I) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-
"HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS"
ing "SERIOUS HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSE'; and
(II) by striking "described in paragraph (1)
or (2) of subsection (a)' and inserting
scribed in subsection (a)(1) relating to seri-
ous human rights abuse'; and
(ii) in subparagraph (B)—
(I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by
striking "described in paragraph (3) or (4) of
subsection (a)" and inserting
"described in
subsection (a)(1) relating to corruption or
the transfer or facilitation of the transfer of
the proceeds of corruption"; and
(II) by striking
"ranking member of' and
through the period at the
the appropriate congressional committees".
(4) TERMINATION OF SANCTIONS.
(g) of such section is amended, in the matter
preceding paragraph (1), by inserting
(A) in subparagraph (A)-
", respectively," after "ac-
(ii) by inserting
"and the number of chil-
dren involved' before the semicolon at the
(B) in subparagraph (D), by inserting "re-
spectively, the number of children involved,"
number of children involved in such cases"
before the semicolon at the end;
(3) in paragraph (8), by striking "and"
after the semicolon at the end;
than every 90 days, the Secretary of State
shall, in order to ensure support described in
subsection (a) continues to align with United
States foreign policy objectives and the ob-
jectives of the Department of State-
(1) conduct a review of any concurrence de-
scribed in subsection (a) in effect as of the
date of the review;
(2) based on the review, determine whether
to revoke any such concurrence pending fur-
(3) brief the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate and the Committee on
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives on the results of the review.
(C) REVOCATION OF CONCURRENCE.—Based on
the review conducted pursuant to subsection

===== PAGE 215 =====
{"alpha_words": 1071, "chars": 7638, "method": "ocr", "page": 215, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(b), the Secretary may revoke any such con-
ANNUAL REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later
than January 31 of each year,
of State shall submit to the Committee on
Relations of the Senate
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House
of Representatives a report that includes the
(1) A description of any support described
in subsection (a) that was provided with the
concurrence of a chief of mission during the
calendar year preceding the calendar year in
which the report is submitted.
(2) An analysis of the effects of the support
lines of effort, including with respect to-
Anti-Terrorism Assistance
(ATA) programs;
(B) International Narcotics Control and
Law Enforcement (INCLE) programs; and
(C) Foreign Military Sales (FMS), Foreign
Military Financing (FMF), and associated
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(B) the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives; and
(C) the Committee on Homeland Security
of the House of Representatives.
The term "Director" means
the Director of the Office of Management
(5) INCIDENT.—The term "incident" has the
meaning given the term in section 3552(b) of
(6) NATIONAL SECURITY SYSTEM.—The term
"national security system" has the meaning
given the term in section 3552(b) of title 44,
(7) PENETRATION TEST.—The term 'penetra-
tion test" has the meaning given the term in
Code, as amended by this division.
means proactively and iteratively
searching for threats to systems that evade
detection by automated threat detection sys-
TITLE LI-UPDATES TO FISMA
SEC. 5121. TITLE 44 AMENDMENTS.
chapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United
States Code, is amended—
November 4, 2021
(B) in subsection (h)(3), by inserting "secu-
rity," after "efficiency,"; and
(A) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
(B) by inserting after subsection (b) the
"(C) Each agency providing a written plan
under subsection (b) shall provide any por-
tion of the written plan addressing informa-
tion security or cybersecurity to the Direc-
tor of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
(b) SUBCHAPTER II DEFINITIONS.—
United States Code, is amended—
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3),
(4), (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4),
(5), (6), (9), and (11), respectively;
(B) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so
redesignated, the following:
CORONAVIRUS REPATRIATION TASK
Not later than 90 days after the date of the
State shall submit to the appropriate con-
Armed Services of the House of Representa-
tives, and the Committee on Armed Services
of the Senate a report evaluating the efforts
of the Coronavirus Repatriation Task Force
of the Department of State to repatriate
United States citizens and legal permanent
residents in response to the 2020 coronavirus
outbreak. The report shall identify-
(1) the most significant impediments to re-
(2) the lessons learned from such repatri-
(3) any changes planned to future
ation efforts of the Department of State to
incorporate such lessons learned.
SA 4516. Mr. PETERS (for himself,
Mr. PoRTMaN, Mr. WARNER, Ms. COL-
LINS, and Ms.
SINEMA) submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end, add the following:
DIVISION E-FEDERAL INFORMATION
SECURITY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2021
This division may be cited as the 'Federal
Security Modernization Act of
In this division, unless otherwise specified:
procedure" has the meaning given the term
in section 3552(b) of title 44, United States
Code, as amended by this division.
"agency" has the
meaning given the term in section 3502 of
title 44, United States Code.
TEES.—The term "appropriate congressional
committees" means-
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate;
(i) by striking clause (V) and inserting the
'(v) confidentiality, disclosure, and shar-
(ii) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause
(iii) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-
"(vi) in consultation with the National
Cyber Director and the Director of the Cy-
Agency, security of information; and';
(B) in subsection (g), by striking paragraph
(1) and inserting the following:
or maintained by or for agencies-
'(A) develop and oversee the implementa-
tion of policies, principles,
closure, and sharing of the information; and
'(B) in consultation with the National
Cyber Director and the Director of the Cy-
Agency, develop and oversee policies, prin-
standards, and guidelines on security
of the information; and'; and
(i) in the matter preceding subparagraph
"the Director of the Cyber-
security and Infrastructure Security Agency
Director," before
(II) by inserting a comma before 'and the
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting "se-
curity and" after "information technology";
(A) in paragraph (3) of the first subsection
designated as subsection (C)-
"the Director of the Cyber-
security and Infrastructure Security Agency,
the National Cyber Director,
"the Comptroller General'; and
(II) by striking "and' at the end;
(ii) in subparagraph (C)(v), by striking the
period at the end and inserting "; and'; and
(iii) by adding at the end the following:
of automation, machine-
readable data, and scanning."; and
striking the second subsection des-
(3) in section 3506-
(A) in subsection (b)(1)(C), by inserting ",
availability" after "integrity"; and
other activity that is established in excess of
the information security standards promul-
gated under section 11331(b) of title 40 to in-
crease the security and reduce the cyberse-
curity risk of agency systems.";
(C) by inserting after paragraph (6), as so
'(7) The term 'high value asset' means in-
formation or an information system that the
head of an agency determines so critical to
the agency that the loss or corruption of the
information or the loss of access to the infor-
mation system would have a serious impact
on the ability of the agency to perform the
mission of the agency or conduct business.
meaning given the term in guidance issued
by the Director under section 3598(a).";
(D) by inserting after paragraph (9),
redesignated, the following:
'(10) The term 'penetration test' means a
specialized type of assessment that-
'(A) is conducted on an information sys-
tem or a component of an information sys-
'(B) emulates an attack or other exploi-
tation capability of a potential adversary,
typically under specific constraints, in order
to identify any vulnerabilities of an informa-
tion system or a component of an informa-
tion system that could be exploited."; and
(E) by inserting after paragraph (11), as so
redesignated, the following:
centralized business
that is provided to multiple organizations
within an agency or to multiple agencies.".
(2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.-
(A) HOMELAND SECURITY ACT OF 2002.—Sec-
tion 1001(c)(1)(A) of the Homeland Security
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 511(1)(A)) is amended by
"section 3552(b)(5)"
"section 3552(b)".
10, United States Code, is amended by strik-
3552(b)(6)(A)"
and inserting
10, United States Code, is amended by strik-
ing "section 3552(b)(6)" and inserting "sec-
(iii) SECTION 2315.—Section 2315 of title 10,
United States Code, is amended by striking
and inserting
(iv) SECTION 2339A.—Section 2339a(e)(5) of
title 10, United States Code, is amended by
(C) HIGH-PERFORMANCE COMPUTING ACT OF
1991.—Section 207(a) of the High-Performance
Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5527(a)) is

===== PAGE 216 =====
{"alpha_words": 1051, "chars": 7987, "method": "ocr", "page": 216, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(D) INTERNET OF THINGS CYBERSECURITY IM-
PROVEMENT ACT OF 2020.—Section 3(5) of the
Internet of Things Cybersecurity
ment Act of 2020 (15 U.S.C. 278g-3a) is amend-
"section 3552(b)(6)" and insert-
ing "section 3552(b)".
(E) NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT
the National Defense Authorization Act for
Year 2013 (10 U.S.C.
amended by striking "section 3542(b)(2)" and
(F) IKE SKELTON NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHOR-
IZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2011.-
Skelton National Defense Authorization Act
for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111-383) is
(i) in section 806(e)(5) (10 U.S.C. 2304 note),
by striking "section 3542(b)"
(ii) in section 931(b)(3) (10 U.S.C. 2223 note),
by striking 'section 3542(b)(2)" and inserting
"section 3552(b)"; and
note), by striking "section 3542(b)(2)" and in-
serting "section 3552(b)".
(G) E-GOVERNMENT ACT OF
301(c)(1)(A) of the E-Government Act of 2002
(44 U.S.C. 3501 note) is amended by striking
"section 3542(b)(2)" and inserting
(H) NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND
Institute of Standards and Technology Act
(15 U.S.C. 278g-3) is amended-
(i) in subsection (a)(2), by striking
(ii) in subsection (f)-
(I) in paragraph (3), by striking "section
3532(1)" and inserting "section 3552(b)'; and
(II) in paragraph (5), by striking "section
3532(b)(2)" and inserting "section 3552(b)".
chapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United
(1) in section 3551-
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), (5),
and (6) as paragraphs (4), (5), (6), and (7), re-
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
'(3) recognize the role of the Cybersecurity
and Intrastructure Security Agency as the
lead entity for operational cybersecurity co-
ordination across the Federal Government;";
(C) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by
striking "diagnose and improve" and insert-
"integrate, deliver,
(D) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by
(E) in paragraph (7), as so redesignated, by
striking the period at the end and inserting
(F) by adding at the end the following:
'(8) recognize that each agency has spe-
cific mission requirements and, at times,
unique cybersecurity requirements to meet
"(9) recognize that each agency does not
have the same resources to
pected to have the capability to secure the
systems of the agency from advanced adver-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(i) the Office of Management and Budget
oversight of Federal cybersecurity;
'(ii) the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
Agency is the leader for imple-
menting operations at agencies; and
'(iii) the National Cyber Director is
sponsible for developing the overall cyberse-
curity strategy of the United States and ad-
vising the President on matters relating to
cybersecurity.";
(2) in section 3553-
(A) by striking the section heading and in-
serting "Authority and functions of the Di-
rector and the Director of the Cybersecurity
and Infrastructure Security Agency'.
(i) in paragraph (1), by inserting 'in co-
ordination with the Director of the Cyberse-
curity and Infrastructure Security
National Cyber Director," before
"developing and overseeing';
(I) by inserting ", in consultation with the
Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
ture Security
the National
"agency compli-
(II) by striking "and" at the end; and
(iii) by adding at the end the following:
'(8) promoting, in consultation with the
Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
ture Security Agency and the Director of the
National Institute of Standards and Tech-
of automation to improve
Federal cybersecurity and visibility with re-
spect to the implementation of Federal cy-
bersecurity; and
"(B) the use of presumption of compromise
and least privilege principles to improve re-
siliency and timely response actions to inci-
dents on Federal systems.";
(1) by striking the subsection heading and
"CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUC-
(ii) in the matter preceding paragraph (1),
by striking 'The Secretary, in consultation
with the Director" and inserting 'The Direc-
tor of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
Security Agency, in consultation with
Director and the National Cyber Director';
(I) in subparagraph (A), by inserting "and
reporting requirements under subchapter IV
(II) in subparagraph (D), by striking "the
Director or Secretary"
and inserting
Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
ture Security Agency";
nating" and inserting "leading the coordina-
(v) in paragraph (8), by striking 'the Sec-
retary's discretion"
rector of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
ture Security Agency's discretion"; and
(vi) in paragraph (9), by striking
Director or the
Secretary, in consultation
with the Director," and inserting 'as the Di-
rector of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
'(4) a summary of each assessment of Fed-
eral risk posture performed under subsection
(vi) in paragraph (5), by striking the period
at the end and inserting "; and";
subsections (i), (j),
(k), and (1) as subsections (j), (k), (1), and (m)
inserting after subsection (h) the
"(i) FEDERAL RISK ASSESSMENTS.—On an
ongoing and continuous basis,
of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-
curity Agency shall perform assessments of
Federal risk posture using any available in-
agencies, and brief the Director and National
Cyber Director on the findings of those as-
sessments including-
'(1) the status of agency cybersecurity re-
medial actions described in section 3554(b)(7);
'(2) any vulnerability information relating
to the systems of an agency that is known by
'(3) analysis of incident information under
'(4) evaluation of penetration testing per-
formed under section 3559A;
"(5) evaluation of vulnerability disclosure
program information under section 3559B;
"(6) evaluation of agency threat hunting
'(7) evaluation of Federal and non-Federal
threat intelligence;
'(8) data on agency compliance with stand-
ards issued under section 11331 of title 40;
formed under section 3554(a)(1)(A); and
'(10) any other information the Director of
the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-
rity Agency determines relevant."; and
(G) in subsection (j), as so redesignated-
(i) by striking "regarding the specific" and
inserting 'that includes a summary of-
'(1) the specific";
(il) in paragraph (1), as so designated, by
striking the period at the end and inserting
(iii) by adding at the end the following:
'(2) the trends identified in the Federal
risk assessment performed under subsection
(H) by adding at the end the following:
'(n) BINDING OPERATIONAL DIRECTIVES.—If
the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infra-
structure Security Agency issues a binding
operational directive or an emergency direc-
tive under this section, not later than 2 days
ational directive requires an agency to take
an action, the Director of the Cybersecurity
provide to the appropriate reporting entities
the status of the implementation of the bind-
ing operational directive at the agency.";
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1),
by striking "each year" and inserting "each
year during which agencies are
submit reports under section 3554(C)";
(ii) by striking paragraph (1);
(iii) by redesignating
paragraphs (2), (3),
and (4) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respec-
model is necessary to account for differences
the missions and capabilities of
(iv) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by
'(B) in accounting for the differences de- striking 'and' at the end;
scribed in subparagraph (A) and ensuring
(V) by inserting after paragraph (3), as so
overall Federal cybersecurity—
(I) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B),
and (C) as subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D), re-
(II) by inserting before subparagraph (B),
as so redesignated, the following:
'(A) on an ongoing and continuous basis,
performing agency system risk assessments
'(i) identify and document the high value
assets of the agency using guidance from the
'(ii) evaluate the data assets inventoried
under section 3511 for sensitivity to com-
promises in confidentiality, integrity, and
"(iii) identify agency systems that
access to or hold the data assets inventoried

===== PAGE 217 =====
{"alpha_words": 1159, "chars": 8207, "method": "ocr", "page": 217, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"(iv) evaluate the threats facing
systems and data, including high value as-
sets, based on Federal and non-Federal cyber
intelligence products, where
'(v) evaluate the vulnerability of agency
systems and data, including high value as-
sets, including by analyzing-
"(I) the results of penetration testing per-
formed by the
Department of Homeland Se-
curity under section 3553(b)(9);
"(II) the results of penetration testing per-
formed under section 3559A;
'(III) information provided to the agency
gram of the agency under section 3559B;
'(IV) incidents; and
'(V) any other vulnerability information
relating to agency systems that is known to
'(vi) assess the impacts of potential agen-
cy incidents to agency systems, data, and op-
erations based on the evaluations described
in clauses (il) and (iv) and the agency sys-
tems identified under clause (iii); and
"(vii) assess the consequences of potential
incidents occurring on agency systems that
would impact systems at other agencies, in-
cluding due to interconnectivity between dif-
ferent agency systems or operational reli-
ance on the operations of the system or data
in the system;";
nated, in the matter preceding clause (i), by
striking "providing information' and insert-
ing 'using information from the assessment
in coordination with the Director of
the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-
(IV) in subparagraph (C), as so
(aa) in clause (ii) by inserting "binding"
before "operational'; and
(bb) in clause (vi), by striking "and" at the
(V) by adding at the end the following:
'(E) providing an update on the
and continuous assessment performed under
'(i) upon request, to the inspector general
of the agency or the Comptroller General of
"(ii) on a periodic basis, as determined by
guidance issued by the Director but not less
frequently than annually, to-
'(Il) the Director of the Cybersecurity and
Infrastructure Security Agency; and
"(III) the National Cyber Director;
"(F) in consultation with the Director of
the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-
rity Agency and not less
frequently than
once every 3 years, performing an evaluation
additional cybersecurity proce-
dures are appropriate for securing a system
of, or under the supervision of, the agency,
completed considering the
system risk assessment performed under sub-
paragraph (A); and
'(ii) include a specific evaluation for high
"(G) not later than 30 days after com-
pleting the evaluation performed under sub-
paragraph (F), providing the evaluation and
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
with the risk-based cyber budget model de- menting" and inserting "planning and imple-
veloped pursuant to section 3553(a)(7);";
menting and, in consultation with the Direc-
(ii) in paragraph (2)-
tor of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
(I) in subparagraph (A), by inserting
Agency, evaluating and
sessment performed under paragraph (1)(A)"
after "information systems";
(aa) by striking 'in accordance with stand-
ards" and inserting 'in accordance with—
(bb) by adding at the end the following:
'(ii) the evaluation performed under para-
graph (1)(F); and
'(iii) the implementation plan described in
(III) in subparagraph (D), by inserting "
through the use of penetration testing,
vulnerability disclosure program established
under section 3559B, and other means," after
"periodically";
(aa) in clause (iii), by striking "and" at the
(bb) in clause (iv), by adding "and" at the
(cc) by adding at the end the following:
"(I) senior agency information security of-
ficers of component agencies
sponsibilities under this subchapter, as di-
rected by the senior agency information se-
curity officer of the agency or an equivalent
"(II) senior agency information security
officers of component agencies report to-
"(aa) the senior information security offi-
cer of the agency or an equivalent official;
'(bb) the Chief Information Officer of the
component agency
equivalent offi-
(iv) in paragraph (5), by inserting 'and the
Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
ture Security Agency' before 'on the effec-
(v) by redesignating paragraphs (7) and (8)
as paragraphs (8) and (9), respectively;
(vi) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-
'(7) a process for providing the status of
every remedial action and known system
vulnerability to the Director and the Direc-
tor of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
Security Agency, using automation and ma-
chine-readable data to the greatest extent
practicable;"; and
(vii) in paragraph (8)(C), as so redesig-
(I) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the
"(ii) notifying and consulting
Federal information security incident center
established under section 3556 pursuant to
the requirements of section 3594;";
(II) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause
(III) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-
"(iii) performing the notifications
other activities required under subchapter
IV of this title; and"; and
(IV) in clause (iv), as so redesignated-
(aa) in subclause (I), by striking
evant offices of inspectors general";
(bb) in subclause (II), by adding "and" at
(cc) by striking subclause (III); and
(dd) by redesignating subclause (IV) as sub-
(i) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting
'(1) pursuant to subsection (a)(1)(A), per-
forming ongoing and continuous agency sys-
tem risk assessments, which may include
standards and guidelines pro-
mulgated under section 11331 of title 40, as
(I) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-
ing the following:
budget model developed pursuant to section
3553(a)(7);'; and
(aa) by redesignating clauses (iii) and (iv)
as clauses (iv) and (v), respectively;
(bb) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-
(i) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
(ii) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting
"(1) BIANNUAL REPORT.—Not later than 2
years after the date of enactment of the Fed-
eral Information Security Modernization Act
of 2021 and not less frequently
every 2 years thereafter,
using the contin-
uous and ongoing agency system risk assess-
ment under subsection (a)(1)(A), the head of
shall submit to the Director,
the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infra-
on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs of the Senate, the Committee on Over-
sight and Reform of the House of Represent-
atives, the Committee on Homeland Security
of the House of Representatives,
priate authorization and appropriations com-
and the Comptroller General of the
United States a report that-
'(A) summarizes the agency system risk
determined to be appropriate to-
'(i) the Director of the Cybersecurity and
Infrastructure Security Agency;
'(ii) the Director; and
'(iii) the National Cyber Director; and
'(H) if the head of the agency determines
need for additional cybersecurity
ensuring that those
cybersecurity procedures are reflected in the
budget request of the agency in accordance
emergency directives promulgated by the Di-
rector of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
Agency under section 3553;';
(CC) in clause (iv), as so redesignated, by
striking "as determined by the agency; and"
and inserting "as determined by the agency,
"(I) the agency risk assessment performed
under subsection (a)(1)(A); and
"(II) the determinations of applying more
stringent standards and additional cyberse-
11331(c)(1) of title 40; and";
(iii) in paragraph (5)(A), by inserting », in-
cluding penetration testing, as appropriate,"
after 'shall include testing';
(iv) in paragraph (6), by
ning, implementing, evaluating,
'(B) evaluates the adequacy and effective-
ness of information security policies, proce-
dures, and practices of the agency to address
risk assessment performed under subsection
(a)(1)(A), including an analysis of the agen-
cy's cybersecurity and incident response ca-
under section 224(c) of the Cybersecurity Act
'(C) summarizes the evaluation and imple-
mentation plans described in subparagraphs
(F) and (G) of subsection (a)(1) and whether
those evaluation and implementation plans
call for the use of additional cybersecurity
procedures determined to be appropriate by
the agency; and
'(D) summarizes the status of remedial ac-
tions identified by inspector general of the
United States, and any other source deter-
mined appropriate by the head of the agency.

===== PAGE 218 =====
{"alpha_words": 858, "chars": 6396, "method": "ocr", "page": 218, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
"(2)
submitted under paragraph (1)-
"(A) shall be, to the
ticable, in an unclassified and otherwise un-
controlled form; and
"(B) may include a classified annex.
'(3) ACCESS TO INFORMATION.
an agency shall ensure that, to the greatest
extent practicable,
in the
mitted by the agency under paragraph (2)(A).
'(4) BRIEFINGS.—During each year during
which
a report is not required to be
mitted
under paragraph (1),
shall provide to the congressional commit-
tees
described in paragraph (1) a briefing
summarizing
risk postures."; and
(iii) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by
inserting
dures established under
title 40 and subsection (a)(3)(A)(v) of this sec-
tion"; and
(D) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting "and
the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infra-
structure Security Agency' after "the Direc-
tor"; and
(4) in section 3555-
(A) in the section heading, by striking "AN-
NUAL INDEPENDENT"
PENDENT";
(B) in subsection (a)-
(i) in paragraph (1), by inserting
"during
which a report is required to be submitted
under section 3553(c)," after "Each year";
(ii) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ', in-
cluding by penetration testing and analyzing
the vulnerability disclosure program of the
agency" after "information systems'; and
(iil) by adding at the end the following:
'(3) An evaluation under this section may
include recommendations for improving the
cybersecurity posture of the agency.";
(C) in subsection (b)(1), by
striking "an-
nual";
(D) in subsection (e)(1), by inserting "dur-
ing which a
report is
required to
be sub-
mitted under section 3553(c)" after
Each
year";
(E) by striking subsection (f) and inserting
the following:
'(f)
PROTECTION
OF
INFORMATION.—(1)
Agencies, evaluators, and other recipients of
information that,
if disclosed,
may
cause
grave harm to the efforts of Federal informa-
tion security officers shall take appropriate
steps to
ensure the protection of that infor-
mation, including safeguarding the informa-
tion from public disclosure.
"(2) The protections required under para-
graph (1) shall be commensurate with the
risk and comply with all applicable laws and
"(3) With respect to information that is
agencies and evaluators shall make a sum-
mary of the information unclassified and
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
S8025
"(A) specific information system incidents;
(F) in subsection (g)(2)
(i) by striking "this subsection shall"
(A) by striking the item relating to section
3553 and inserting the following:
'3553. Authority and functions of the Direc-
tor and the Director of the Cy-
bersecurity and Infrastructure
Security Agency.'; and
(B) by striking the item relating to section
3555 and inserting the following:
''3555. Independent evaluation."
(2) OMB REPORTS.-
Section 226(c) of the Cy-
bersecurity Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1524(c)) is
amended-
(A) in paragraph (1)(B), in the matter pre-
ceding
clause
thereafter'
(i),
by
striking
"annually
and inserting 'thereafter during
the years during which a report is required
to be submitted under section 3553(c) of title
44, United States Code"; and
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (1)-
(i) by striking "annually thereafter" and
inserting "thereafter during the years during
which a report is required to be
submitted
under
section
3553(c) of title 44,
United
States Code"; and
(ii) by striking 'the report required under
section
3553(c)
of
title
44,
United
States
Code" and inserting "that report".
(3)
NIST
RESPONSIBILITIES.—Section
20(d)(3)(B) of the National Institute of Stand-
3(d)(3)(B)) is amended by striking "annual"
(e) FEDERAL SYSTEM INCIDENT RESPONSE.
United States Code, is amended by adding at
"SUBCHAPTER IV-FEDERAL SYSTEM
INCIDENT RESPONSE
'(a) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in
subsection (b), the definitions under sections
3502 and 3552 shall apply to this subchapter.
'(b) ADDITIONAL DEFINITIONS.—As used in
subcontractor of a prime contractor of an
agency; and
'(B) any person or business that collects or
maintains information, including personally
identifiable
information, on
behalf of an
agency.
'(5)
FEDERAL
INFORMATION.—The
term
'Federal
information'
means
information
created,
collected,
processed,
maintained,
disseminated, disclosed, or disposed of by or
for the Federal Government in any medium
or form.
"(6)
FEDERAL INFORMATION
SYSTEM.—The
term 'Federal information system' means an
information system used or operated by
an
agency, a contractor, an awardee, or another
organization on behalf of an agency.
'(7) INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY.—The term
'intelligence community' has
the meaning
given the term in section 3 of the National
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003).
"(8)
NATIONWIDE
CONSUMER
REPORTING
AGENCY.—The term 'nationwide consumer re-
porting agency' means a consumer reporting
agency described in section 603(p) of the Fair
Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a(p)).
'(9) VULNERABILITY DISCLOSURE.—The term
'vulnerability disclosure' means a vulner-
ability identified under section 3559B.
"S 3592. Notification of breach
practicable and without unreasonable delay,
and in any case not later than 45 days after
an agency has a reasonable basis to conclude
that a breach has occurred, the head of the
agency, in consultation with a senior privacy
officer of the agency, shall-
'(1) determine whether notice to any indi-
vidual potentially affected by the breach is
appropriate based on an assessment of the
harm to the individual that con-
'(A) the nature and sensitivity of the per-
sonally identifiable information affected by
'(B) the likelihood of access to and use of
the personally identifiable information af-
(ii) in subparagraph (A), as so designated,
by striking the period at the end and insert-
(iii) by adding at the end the following:
'(B) identify any entity that performs an
(G) by striking subsection (j) and inserting
The term 'appropriate
reporting entities'
"(A) the majority and minority leaders of
"(B) the Speaker and minority leader of
the House of Representatives;
'(C) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate;
'(D) the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives;
'(D) any other factors determined by the
'(2) as appropriate, provide written notice
in accordance with subsection (b) to each in-
dividual potentially affected by the breach
'(A) to the last known mailing address of

===== PAGE 219 =====
{"alpha_words": 1293, "chars": 8834, "method": "ocr", "page": 219, "variant": "plain-vision"}
method of notification that the head of the
vidual of the agency selects based on factors
determined by the Director.
breach provided to an individual under sub-
section (a)(2) shall include-
"(1) a brief description of the rationale for
the determination that notice should be pro-
vided under subsection (a);
"(2) if possible, a description of the types
that may be used to ask questions of the
'(A) shall include an e-mail address or an-
other digital contact mechanism; and
'(B) may include a telephone number or a
'(4) information on any remedy being of-
fered by the agency;
'(5) any applicable educational materials
what individuals can do in
their personally identifiable information, in-
relevant contact information
Federal law enforcement agencies and each
nationwide consumer reporting agency; and
'(6) any other appropriate information, as
determined by the head of the agency or es-
tablished in guidance by the Director.
'(C) DELAY OF NOTIFICATION.
'(1) IN GENERAL.—The Attorney General,
the Director of National Intelligence, or the
Secretary of Homeland Security may delay a
notification required under subsection (a) if
'(A) impede a criminal investigation or a
'(B) reveal sensitive sources and methods;
"(C) cause damage to national security; or
'(D) hamper security remediation actions.
'(A) IN GENERAL.-
-Any delay under para-
graph (1) shall be reported in writing to the
Director, the Attorney General, the Director
Homeland Security, the Director of the Cy-
Agency, and the head of the agency and the
inspector general of the agency that experi-
'(B) CONTENTS.—A report required under
subparagraph (A) shall include
statement from the entity that delayed the
notification explaining the need
"(C) FORM.—The report required under sub-
paragraph (A) shall be unclassified but may
include a classified annex.
(1) shall be for a period of 60 days and may be
'(d) UPDATE NOTIFICATION.—If an agency
determines there is a significant change in
breach occurred, a significant change to the
determination made under subsection (a)(1),
or that it is necessary to update the details
of the information provided to impacted in-
dividuals as described in subsection (b), the
agency shall as expeditiously as practicable
and without unreasonable delay, and in any
case not later than 30 days after such a de-
termination, notify each
individual who re-
ceived a notification pursuant to subsection
'(e) EXEMPTION FROM NOTIFICATION.-
'(1) IN GENERAL.—The head of an agency,
in consultation with the inspector general of
the agency, may request an exemption from
the Director from complying with the notifi-
cation requirements under subsection (a) if
the information affected by the breach is de-
termined by an independent evaluation to be
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
unreadable, including, as appropriate, in- submits a written report under subsection
stances in which the information is
(a), the head of the agency shall provide to
"(A) encrypted; and
appropriate reporting
"(B) determined by the Director of the Cy-
updates on the major incident and, to the ex-
Agency to be of sufficiently low risk of expo-
"(2) APPROVAL.—The Director shall deter-
quested under paragraph (1) in consultation
'(A) the Director of the Cybersecurity and
Infrastructure Security Agency; and
DOCUMENTATION.—
granted by the Director under paragraph (1)
shall be reported in writing to the head of
the agency and the inspector general of the
agency that experienced the breach and the
Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in
this section shall be construed to limit-
'(1) the Director from issuing guidance re-
agency from
notifying individuals
tially affected by breaches that are not de-
termined to be major incidents; or
"(2) the Director from issuing guidance re-
lating to notifications of major incidents or
the head of an agency from providing more
information than described in subsection (b)
notifying individuals potentially af-
fected by breaches.
' 3593. Congressional and Executive Branch
agency has a reasonable basis
conclude that a major incident occurred, the
head of the agency impacted by the major in-
cident shall submit to the appropriate
porting entities a written report and, to the
extent practicable, provide a briefing to the
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs of the Senate,
mittee on Oversight and Reform of the House
of Representatives, the Committee on Home-
land Security of the House of Representa-
tives, and the appropriate authorization and
appropriations committees of Congress, tak-
ing into account
'(A) the information known at the time of
'(B) the sensitivity of the details associ-
ated with the major incident; and
'(C) the classification level of the informa-
tion contained in the report.
CONTENTS.—A report required under
paragraph (1) shall include, in a manner that
personally identifiable information and to
the extent permitted by applicable law, in-
cluding privacy and statistical laws-
"(A) a summary of the information avail-
able about the major incident, including how
the major incident occurred, information in-
the major incident may be a
major incident as a breach,
based on infor-
mation available to agency officials as of the
date on which the agency submits the report;
"(B) if applicable, a description and any as-
documentation
cumstances necessitating a delay in or ex-
emption to notification to individuals poten-
tially affected by the major incident under
subsection (c) or (e) of section 3592; and
'(C) if applicable, an assessment of the im-
ment, or the security of the United States,
based on information available to agency of-
ficials on the date on which the agency sub-
'(b) SUPPLEMENTAL REPORT.-
—Within a rea-
sonable amount of time, but not later than
30 days after the date on which an agency
congressional committees described in sub-
section (a)(1), including summaries of-
major incident occurred, and impacts to the
agency relating to the major incident;
2) any risk assessment and
risk-based security implementation of the
affected information system before the date
on which the major incident occurred;
fected information system with
security requirements at the time of the
'(4) an estimate of the number of individ-
affected by the major inci-
dent based on information available to agen-
cy officials as of the date on which the agen-
'(5) an assessment of the risk of harm to
individuals potentially affected by the major
incident based on information available to
agency officials as of the date on which the
agency provides the update;
'(6) an update to the assessment of the
risk to agency operations, or to impacts on
other agency or non-Federal entity
ations, affected by the major incident based
on information available to agency officials
as of the date on which the agency provides
'(7) the detection, response, and remedi-
ation actions of the agency, including any
support provided by the Cybersecurity and
Infrastructure Security Agency under sec-
tion 3594(d) and status updates on the notifi-
cation process described in section
including any delay or exemption described
in subsection (c) or (e), respectively, of sec-
"(C) UPDATE REPORT.—If the agency deter-
mines that there is any significant change in
the understanding of the agency of the scope,
scale, or consequence of a major incident for
which an agency submitted a written report
under subsection (a), the agency shall pro-
vide an updated report to the appropriate re-
that includes information
relating to the change in understanding.
ANNUAL REPORT.—Each agency
submit as part of the annual report required
under section 3554(c)(1) of this title a descrip-
tion of each major incident that occurred
during the 1-year period preceding the date
on which the report is submitted.
'(e) DELAY AND EXEMPTION REPORT.
'(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director shall sub-
mit to the appropriate notification entities
an annual report on all notification delays
and exemptions granted pursuant to sub-
sections (c) and (d) of section 3592.
''(2) COMPONENT OF OTHER REPORT.—The Di-
rector may submit the report required under
paragraph (1) as a component of the annual
report submitted under section 3597(b).
'(f) REPORT DELIVERY.—Any written report
required to be submitted under this section
may be submitted in a paper or electronic
'(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later
after the date on which an agency has a rea-
sonable basis to conclude that a major inci-
dent occurred, the head of the agency, joint-
ly with the National Cyber Director and any
other Federal entity determined appropriate
by the National Cyber Director, shall provide
briefing to the congressional committees
described in subsection (a)(1) on the threat
COMPONENTS.—The briefing required
to the greatest extent
ticable, include an unclassified component;

===== PAGE 220 =====
{"alpha_words": 1089, "chars": 7778, "method": "ocr", "page": 220, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
"(B) may include a classified component.
'(h) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.-
this section shall be construed to limit—
"(1) the ability of an agency to provide ad-
ditional reports or briefings to Congress; or
"(2) Congress
information from agencies through reports,
"§ 3594. Government information sharing and
'(1) INCIDENT REPORTING.—The head of each
agency shall provide any information relat-
is obtained by the Federal Government di-
or indirectly,
the Cybersecurity
and Infrastructure Security Agency and the
Office of Management and Budget.
relating to an incident made by the head of
an agency under paragraph (1) shall-
the safeguards that were in place when the
"(B) whether the agency implemented the
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
to the agency within the
amount of time such agency is required to
report an incident to the Cybersecurity and
Infrastructure Security Agency, if the con-
tractor or awardee has a reasonable basis to
'(A) an incident or breach has occurred
lected, used, or maintained by the contractor
or awardee in connection with the contract,
transaction agreement of the contractor or
"(B) an incident or breach has occurred
with respect to a Federal information sys-
tem used or operated by the contractor or
the contract,
transaction agreement of the contractor or
'(C) the contractor or awardee has
re-
ceived information from the agency that the
contractor or awardee is not authorized to
connection with the contract,
transaction agreement of the contractor or
'(2) PROCEDURES.
"(A) MAJOR INCIDENT.—Following a report
of a breach or major incident by a contractor
or awardee under paragraph (1), the agency,
'(C) cross Federal Government root causes
"(D) agency incident response, recovery,
and remediation actions and the effective-
ness of those actions, as applicable;
'(E) lessons learned and recommendations
in responding to, recovering from,
ating, and mitigating future incidents; and
'(F) trends in cross-Federal Government
cybersecurity and incident response capabili-
ties using the metrics established under sec-
tion 224(c) of the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (6
AUTOMATED ANALYSIS.—The analyses
developed under paragraph (1) shall, to the
learning processes.
'(3) SHARING OF DATA AND ANALYSIS.—
under this subsection with agencies and the
'(i) improve the understanding of cyberse-
curity risk of agencies; and
"(ii) support
the cybersecurity improve-
"(C) in order to protect against a similar
"(i) how the safeguards described in sub-
paragraph (A) should be implemented
'(ii) additional necessary safeguards; and
'(D) include information to aid in incident
'(i) a description of the affected systems or
'(ii) the estimated dates of when the inci-
dent occurred; and
'(iii) information that could reasonably
help identify the party that conducted the
'(3) INFORMATION SHARING.—To the great-
under sections 3592, 3593, and 3594 with re-
spect to the major incident.
'(B) INCIDENT.—Following a report of an
incident by a contractor or awardee under
with the contractor or awardee, shall carry
out the requirements under section 3594 with
'(b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall
apply on and after the date that is 1 year
after the date of enactment of the Federal
Information Security Modernization Act of
graph (A), the Director shall share the anal-
'(i) in human-readable written products;
"(ii) to the greatest extent practicable, in
machine-readable formats in order to enable
automated intake and use by agencies.
DENTS.—Not later than 2 years after the date
of enactment of this section, and not less fre-
quently than annually thereafter, the Direc-
tor of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
Director and other Federal agencies as ap-
shall submit to the appropriate
notification entities a report that includes—
'(1) a summary of causes of incidents from
Government that
Agency shall share information
an incident with any agencies that may be
NATIONAL SECURITY
SYSTEMS.—Each
agency operating or exercising control of a
national security system shall share infor-
tional security systems with the Director of
the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-
rity Agency to the extent consistent with
standards and guidelines for national secu-
rity systems issued in accordance with law
and as directed by the President.
vided under subsection (a) shall take into ac-
count the level of classification of the infor-
mation and any information sharing limita-
and protections relating to law enforcement,
national security,
privacy, statistical con-
fidentiality, or other factors determined by
that has a reasonable basis to conclude that
a major incident occurred involving Federal
or torm.
as defined by the Director and not involving
delays from notification granted for a major
shall coordinate with the Cyberse-
curity and Infrastructure
"(1) incident response and recovery; and
recommendations for mitigating fu-
Responsibilities of
'(1) IN GENERAL.—Unless otherwise speci-
fied in a contract, grant, cooperative agree-
ment, or an other transaction agreement,
any contractor or awardee of an agency shall
"(a) COVERED INDIVIDUAL DEFINED.
section, the term 'covered individual' means
an individual who obtains access to Federal
information or Federal information systems
because of the status of the individual as an
employee, contractor, awardee, volunteer, or
intern of an agency.
cy shall develop training for covered individ-
uals on how to identify and respond to an in-
"(1) the internal process of the agency for
reporting an incident; and
'(2) the obligation of a covered individual
to report to the agency a confirmed major
incident and any suspected incident involv-
ing information in any medium or form, in-
cluding paper, oral, and electronic.
'(C) INCLUSION IN ANNUAL
TRAINING.—The
training developed under subsection (b) may
be included as part of an annual privacy or
security awareness training of an agency.
"$ 3597. Analysis and report on Federal inci-
'(a) ANALYSIS OF FEDERAL INCIDENTS.—
'(1) QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE ANAL-
-The Director of the Cybersecurity and
Infrastructure Security
velop, in consultation with the Director and
National Cyber Director, and perform
continuous monitoring and quantitative and
qualitative analyses of incidents at agencies,
including major incidents, including
'(A) the causes of incidents, including-
"(i) attacker tactics, techniques, and pro-
'(ii) system vulnerabilities, including zero
system misconfigurations;
"(B) the scope and
'(2) the quantitative and qualitative anal-
yses of incidents developed under subsection
(a)(1) on an agency-by-agency basis and com-
prehensively across the Federal Government,
'(A) a specific analysis of breaches; and
"(B) an analysis of the Federal Govern-
ment's performance against the metrics es-
tablished under section 224(c) of the Cyberse-
curity Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1522(c)); and
'(A) a description of each major incident;
'(B) the total number of compromises of
'(C) an analysis of the agency's perform-
ance against the metrics
established under
section 224(C) of the Cybersecurity
'(C) PUBLICATION.—A version of each report
submitted under subsection (b) shall be made
publicly available on the website of the Cy-
Agency during the year in which the report
'(d) INFORMATION PROVIDED BY AGENCIES.-
'(1) IN GENERAL.—The analysis required
under subsection (a) and each
mitted under subsection (b) shall use infor-
mation provided by agencies under section
"(2) NONCOMPLIANCE REPORTS
'(A) IN GENERAL.—Subject to subparagraph
(B), during any year during which the head
of an agency does not provide data for an in-
cident to the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
ture Security
section 3594(a), the head of the agency, in co-
ordination with the Director of the Cyberse-
curity and Infrastructure Security Agency

===== PAGE 221 =====
{"alpha_words": 1163, "chars": 7963, "method": "ocr", "page": 221, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
and the Director, shall submit to the appro- for the agency, a component of the agency,
or the Federal Government, to provide 1 or
'(i) data for the incident; and
section (b) with respect to the agency.
SYSTEMS.—The head of an agency that owns
or exercises control of a national security
system shall not include data for an incident
that occurs on a national security system in
any report submitted under subparagraph
'(3) NATIONAL SECURITY SYSTEM REPORTS.-
'(A) IN GENERAL.—Annually, the head of an
agency that operates or exercises control of
a national security system shall submit a re-
port that includes the information described
in subsection (b) with respect to the agency
the extent that the submission is con-
sistent with standards and guidelines for na-
tional security systems issued in accordance
"(i) the majority and minority leaders of
'(ii) the Speaker and minority leader of
the House of Representatives;
"(iii) the Committee on Homeland Secu-
rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate;
"(iv) the Select Committee on Intelligence
'(V) the Committee on Armed Services of
"(vi) the Committee on Appropriations of
'(vii) the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives;
"(viii) the Committee on Homeland Secu-
rity of the House of Representatives;
'(ix) the Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence of the House of Representatives;
'(X) the Committee on Armed Services of
the House of Representatives; and
'(xi) the Committee on Appropriations of
the House of Representatives.
'(B) CLASSIFIED FORM.—A report required
under subparagraph (A) may be submitted in
'(e) REQUIREMENT FOR COMPILING INFORMA-
quired under subsection (c), the Director of
the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
rity Agency shall sufficiently compile infor-
mation such that no specific incident of an
can be identified, except
concurrence of the Director of the Office of
Management and Budget and in consultation
"§ 3598. Major incident definition
"(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of enactment of the Federal
2021, the Director, in coordination with the
Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
Cyber Director, shall develop
gate guidance on the definition of the term
for the purposes of sub-
chapter II and this subchapter.
'(b) REQUIREMENTS.-
respect to the
guidance issued under subsection (a), the def-
inition of the term 'major incident' shall—
"(1) include, with respect to any informa-
tion collected or maintained by or on behalf
of an agency or an information system used
or operated by an agency or by a contractor
of an agency or another organization on be-
'(A) any incident the head of the agency
determines is likely to have an impact on-
"(i) the national security, homeland secu-
"(C) any incident that the head of an agen-
cy, in consultation with a senior privacy of-
ficer of the agency, determines is likely to
have a significant privacy impact on 1 or
"(D) any incident that the head of the
agency, in consultation with a senior privacy
official of the agency, determines is likely to
have a substantial privacy impact on a sig-
nificant number of individuals;
"(E) any incident the head of the agency
determines impacts the operations of a high
value asset owned or operated by the agency;
"(F) any incident involving the exposure of
sensitive agency information to a foreign en-
tity, such as the communications of the head
the head of a component of
the agency, or the direct reports of the head
of the agency or the head of a component of
the agency; and
"(G) any other type of incident determined
appropriate by the Director;
'(2) stipulate that the National Cyber Di-
rector shall declare a major incident at each
agency impacted by an incident if the Direc-
tor of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
Security Agency determines that an inci-
"(A) occurs at not less than 2 agencies; and
'(i) a common technical root cause,
as a supply chain compromise, a common
software or hardware vulnerability; or
"(ii) the related activities of a common
threat actor; and
'(3) stipulate that, in determining whether
an incident constitutes a major incident be-
cause that incident-
"(A) is any incident described in paragraph
(1), the head of an agency shall consult with
the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infra-
structure Security Agency;
"(B) is an incident described in paragraph
(1)(A), the head of the agency shall consult
with the National Cyber Director; and
'(C) is an incident described in subpara-
graph (C) or (D) of paragraph (1), the head of
the agency shall consult with-
'(i) the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-
sight Board; and
'(ii) the Chair of the Federal Trade Com-
'(C) SIGNIFICANT NUMBER OF INDIVIDUALS.
cant number of individuals under subsection
"(1) may determine a threshold for a min-
imum number of individuals that constitutes
a significant amount; and
scribed in paragraph (1) that exceeds 5,000 in-
'(d) EVALUATION AND UPDATES.—Not later
than 2 years after the date of enactment of
the Federal Information Security Moderniza-
tion Act of 2021, and not less frequently than
every 2 years thereafter, the Director shall
submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-
rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate
and the Committee on Oversight and Reform
of the House of Representatives an evalua-
ance issued under subsection (a);
'(2) the definition of the term 'major inci-
subsection (a); and
explanation of, and
that led to, the definition described in para-
November 4, 2021
"SUBCHAPTER IV—FEDERAL SYSTEM INCIDENT
''3592. Notification of breach
Congressional and Executive Branch
''3594. Government information sharing and
Responsibilities
Analysis and report on Federal inci-
'3598. Major incident definition."
SEC. 5122. AMENDMENTS TO SUBTITLE III OF
(a) INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MODERNIZA-
ACT.—Section 2(c)(4)(A)(ii) of the Informa-
tion Technology Modernization Centers
Excellence Program Act (40 U.S.C. 11301
note) is amended by striking the period at
the end and inserting ", which shall be pro-
coordination with
NOLOGY.—Subtitle G of title X of Division A
of the National Defense Authorization Act
for Fiscal Year 2018 (40 U.S.C. 11301 note) is
(A) in paragraph (5)(A), by inserting
proving the cybersecurity of systems and"
before "cost savings activities"; and
(B) in paragraph (7)—
(i) in the paragraph heading, by striking
"CIO" and inserting "CIO";
evaluating projects"
and inserting the following:
'(A) CONSIDERATION OF GUIDANCE.—In eval-
(iii) in subparagraph (A), as so designated.
by striking "under section 1094(b)(1)" and in-
serting "by the Director'; and
(iv) by adding at the end the following:
'(B) CONSULTATION.—In using funds under
paragraph (3)(A), the Chief Information Offi-
cer of the covered agency shall consult with
project appropriately addresses
rity risks, including the Director of the Cy-
Agency, as appropriate."; and
(A) by striking subsection (a) and inserting
"(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
'(1) AGENCY.—The term 'agency' has the
'(2) HIGH VALUE ASSET.—The term 'high
value asset' has the meaning given the term
"(ii) the civil liberties or public health and
safety of the people of the United States;
'(B) any incident the head of the agency
determines likely to result in an inability
States Code, is amended by adding at the end
(B) in subsection (b), by adding at the end
'(8) PROPOSAL EVALUATION.—The Director
'(A) give consideration
amounts in the Fund to improve the security
'(B) require that any proposal for the use
of amounts in the Fund includes a cybersecu-
rity plan, including a supply chain risk man-
agement plan, to be reviewed by the member
of the Technology Modernization Board de-
scribed in subsection (C)(5)(C)."; and
(i) in paragraph (2)(A)(i), by inserting ", in-
consideration of the impact
high value assets" after "operational risks";
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking "and"
(II) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting 'and'; and

===== PAGE 222 =====
{"alpha_words": 1077, "chars": 7553, "method": "ocr", "page": 222, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(III) by adding at the end the following:
'(C) a senior official from the Cybersecu-
rity and Infrastructure Security Agency of
the Department of Homeland Security, ap-
pointed by the Director."; and
(iii) in paragraph (6)(A), by striking "shall
all that follows through
and inserting shall be 4 employ-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
'(d) COMPONENT AGENCY CHIEF INFORMA-
The Chief Information Offi-
cer or an equivalent official of a component
III of title 40, United States Code, is amend-
(A) in subsection (b), by striking
curity, and disposal of" and inserting
and disposal of, and, in consultation with the
Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
Cyber Director, promote and improve the se-
(I) in subparagraph (A)-
(aa) by striking
"including data" and in-
ignated under section 3506(a)(2) of title 44 or
an equivalent official of the agency of which
the component agency is a component; and
'(2) the head of the component agency.";
section 11317,
rity," before "or schedule"; and
11319(b)(1), in the paragraph
heading, by striking
"CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICERS"
(e) SUBCHAPTER III.—Section 11331 of title
40, United States Code, is amended—
(1) in subsection (a), by striking "section
(A) by striking
consultation" and in-
serting "in coordination'; and
land Security"
"the Director
of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-
(3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting
APPLICATION OF MORE STRINGENT
'(1) IN GENERAL.—The head of an agency
after the public is given an opportunity to
Director's proposed deci-
'(B) in consultation with the Chief Infor-
mation Officers Council, the Director of the
and Infrastructure
National Cyber Director,
Comptroller General of the United
and the Council of the Inspectors General on
'(C) considering the
ments performed under section 3553(i) of title
'(D) considering the extent to which the
proposed standard reduces risk relative
designated, by
striking ", and performance" and inserting
"security, and performance; and'; and
(cc) by adding at the end the following:
funding under the risk-based
3553(a)(7) of title 44."; and
(II) in subparagraph (B), adding at the end
"(iii) The Director shall provide to the Na-
funding information described in subpara-
graph (A)(ii) that is provided to the Director
under clause (ii) of this subparagraph."; and
(ii) in paragraph (4)(B), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by inserting
than 30 days after the date on which the re-
view under subparagraph (A) is completed,"
before "the Administrator";
(i) by striking 'heads of executive agencies
tive agencies to-
(ii) in paragraph (1), as so designated, by
striking the period at the end and inserting
(iii) by adding at the end the following:
'(2) consult with the Director of the Cyber-
security and Infrastructure Security Agency
for the development and use of supply chain
security best practices."; and
(D) in subsection (h), by inserting
cluding cybersecurity performances,
"the performances"; and
the need to employ standards for cost-effec-
tive, risk-based information security for all
under the supervision of the agency that are
more stringent than the standards promul-
gated by the Director under this section, if
such standards contain, at a minimum, the
made compulsory and binding by the Direc-
"(B) to the greatest extent practicable and
if the head of the agency determines that the
standards described in subparagraph (A) are
necessary, employ those standards.
'(2) EVALUATION OF MORE STRINGENT STAND-
ARDS.—In evaluating the need to employ
available risk information, such as
"(A) the status of cybersecurity remedial
"(B) any vulnerability information relat-
ing to agency systems that is known to the
'(C) incident information of the agency;
"(D) information from
'(i) penetration testing performed
section 3559A of title 44; and
disclosure program established under section
(i) in clause (i), by striking "or"
(ii) in clause (ii), by adding
(iii) by adding at the end the following:
'(iii) whether the function should be per-
formed by a shared service offered by an-
other executive agency;'; and
(B) in paragraph (5)(B)(i), by inserting
cyber budget model developed pursuant to
section 3553(a)(7) of title 44" after "title 31".
(d) SUBCHAPTER II.—Subchapter II of sub-
title III of title 40,
(1) in section 11312(a), by inserting ", in-
cluding security risks' after 'managing the
section 5145 of the Federal Information Secu-
rity Modernization Act of 2021;
'(F) Federal and non-Federal threat intel-
compliance with standards
issued under this section;
'(H) agency system risk assessments per-
formed under section 3554(a)(1)(A) of title 44;
'(I) any other information determined rel-
evant by the head of the agency.";
the paragraph heading, by striking
'NOTICE AND COMMENT' and inserting "CoN-
SULTATION, NOTICE, AND COMMENT";
(B) by inserting "promulgate," before "sig-
nificantly modify'; and
(5) by adding at the end the following:
OF OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT
AND BUDGET GUIDANCE AND POLICY.-
'(A) IN GENERAL.—Not less frequently than
once every 3 years, the Director of the Office
of Management and Budget, in consultation
with the Chief Information Officers Council,
the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infra-
Cyber Director, the Comptroller General of
the United States, and the Council of the In-
spectors General on Integrity and Efficiency
shall review the efficacy of the guidance and
policy promulgated by the Director in reduc-
ing cybersecurity risks, including an assess-
ment of the requirements for agencies to re-
port information to the Director, and deter-
mine whether any changes to that guidance
"(B) FEDERAL RISK ASSESSMENTS.—In con-
ducting the review described in subparagraph
(A), the Director shall consider the Federal
assessments performed under section
3553(i) of title 44.
'(2) UPDATED GUIDANCE.—Not later than 90
days after the date on which a review is com-
pleted under paragraph (1), the Director of
the Office of Management and Budget shall
issue updated guidance or policy to agencies
based on the results of the review.
PUBLIC REPORT.—Not later than
days after the date on which a review is com-
pleted under paragraph (1),
the Office of Management and Budget shall
make publicly available a report
'(A) an overview of the guidance and pol-
icy promulgated under this section that is
currently in effect;
'(B) the cybersecurity risk mitigation, or
other cybersecurity benefit, offered by each
or policy document described in
subparagraph (A); and
'(C) a summary of the guidance or policy
to which changes were determined appro-
priate during
changes are anticipated to include.
than 30 days after the date on which a review
is completed under paragraph (1), the Direc-
tor shall provide to the Committee on Home-
land Security and Governmental Affairs of
the Senate and the Committee on Oversight
and Reform of the House of Representatives
AUTOMATED STANDARD IMPLEMENTA-
ciency and effectiveness' and inserting "effi-
ciency, security, and effectiveness';
(3) in section 11315, by adding at the end
on the Director's proposed decision." and in-
serting 'shall be made-
'(A) for a decision to significantly modify
or not promulgate such a proposed standard,
Technology issues a proposed standard pur-
suant to paragraphs (2) and (3)
20(a) of the National Institute of Standards
and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g-3(a)), the
Director of the National Institute of Stand-
oping and, if appropriate and practical, de-
velop, in consultation with the Director of
the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-
rity Agency, specifications

===== PAGE 223 =====
{"alpha_words": 1178, "chars": 8142, "method": "ocr", "page": 223, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S8030
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
automated verification of the implementa- tion to other agencies experiencing inci-
tion of the controls within the standard.".
SEC. 5123. ACTIONS TO ENHANCE FEDERAL INCI-
(4) STANDARD GUIDANCE AND TEMPLATES.
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-
(a) RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CYBERSECU-
RITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY
ment of this Act, the Director, in consulta-
tion with the Director of the Cybersecurity
and Infrastructure
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of enactment of this Act, the
Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
develop guidance and templates, to be re-
viewed and, if necessary, updated not
trequently than once every 2 years, for use
Federal agencies in the activities
(A) develop a plan for the development of
quired under sections 3592, 3593, and 3596 of
the analysis required under section 3597(a) of
title 44, United States Code, as added by this
title 44, United States Code, as added by this
division, and the report required under sub-
section (b) of that section that includes-
(i) a description of any challenges the Di-
rector anticipates encountering; and
(ii) the use of automation
formats for collecting.
monitoring, and analyzing data; and
(5) CONTRACTOR AND AWARDEE GUIDANCE.-
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later
after the date of enactment of this Act,
Director, in coordination with the Secretary
of Homeland Security,
the Secretary of De-
fense, the Administrator of General Services,
and the heads of other agencies determined
appropriate by the Director, shall issue guid-
sional committees a briefing on the plan de-
veloped under subparagraph (A).
(2) BRIEFING.—Not later than 1 year after
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-
tor of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
Security Agency shall provide to the appro-
priate congressional committees a briefing
procedures relating to the responsibilities of
contractors and awardees established under
(A) the execution
of the plan required
(B) the development of the report required
States Code, as added by this division.
THE OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET.
(1) FISMA.—Section 2 of the Federal Infor-
Security Modernization Act of 2014
(44 U.S.C. 3554 note) is amended-
(A) by striking subsection (b); and
through (f) as subsections (b) through (e), re-
November 4, 2021
United States Code, as amended by this divi-
(5) a requirement to coordinate with in-
spectors general of agencies to ensure con-
for the purpose of evalua-
SEC. 5125. AGENCY REQUIREMENTS TO NOTIFY
PACTED BY INCIDENTS.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
means private organization or
governmental unit that is required by stat-
ute or regulation to submit sensitive infor-
(B) EXISTING PROCESSES.—To the greatest
extent practicable, the guidance issued under
subparagraph (A) shall allow contractors and
awardees to use existing processes for noti-
fying Federal agencies of incidents involving
information of the Federal Government.
quently than once every 2 years, the Direc-
tor shall provide to the appropriate congres-
sional committees an update on the guidance
and templates developed under paragraphs
(2) through (4).
(C) UPDATE TO THE PRIVACY ACT OF 1974.-
Section 552a(b) of title 5, United States Code
(commonly known as the "Privacy Act of
velop guidance, to be updated not less fre-
(1) in paragraph (11), by striking "or" at
quently than once every 2 years, on the con- the end;
tent, timeliness, and format of the informa-
(2) in paragraph (12), by striking the period
at the end and inserting '; or'; and
3594(a) of title 44, United States Code, as
added by this division.
(3) by adding at the end the following:
"(13) to another agency in furtherance of a
response to an incident (as defined in section
oped under subparagraph (A) shall-
(1) prioritize the availability of data nec-
essary to understand and analyze-
3552 of title 44) and pursuant to the informa-
tion sharing requirements in section 3594 of
title 44 if the head of the requesting agency
has made a written request to the agency
(Il) the scope and scale of incidents within
the environments and systems of an agency;
(III) a root cause analysis of incidents
that maintains the record specifying the par-
ticular portion desired and the activity for
which the record is sought."
SEC. 5124. ADDITIONAL GUIDANCE TO AGENCIES
(aa) are common across the Federal Gov-
ON FISMA UPDATES.
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Director, in coordi-
(bb) have a Government-wide impact;
(IV) agency response, recovery, and reme-
diation actions and the effectiveness of those
(ii) enable the efficient development of-
(I) lessons learned and recommendations in
responding to, recovering from, remediating,
and mitigating future incidents; and
United States Code, as added by this divi-
(iil) include requirements for the timeli-
ness of data production; and
(iv) include requirements for using auto-
mation and machine-readable data for data
GUIDANCE ON RESPONDING TO INFORMA-
TION REQUESTS.—Not later than 1 year after
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-
tor shall develop guidance for agencies to
implement the
requirement under
shall issue guidance for agencies on-
(1) performing the ongoing and continuous
under section 3554(a)(1)(A) of title 44, United
States Code, as amended by this division;
(2) implementing additional cybersecurity
procedures, which shall include resources for
(3) establishing a process for providing the
status of each remedial action under section
3554(b)(7) of title 44, United States Code, as
to the Director
and the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-
data, as practicable,
(A) specific guidance for the use of auto-
mation and machine-readable data; and
(B) templates Ior providing the status of
the remedial action;
added by this division, to provide informa- value asset"
under section 3552 of title 44,
"sensitive information"
given the term by the Director in guidance
(b) GUIDANCE ON NOTIFICATION OF REPORT-
ING ENTITIES.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-
tor shall issue guidance requiring the head of
each agency to notify a reporting entity of
an incident that is likely to substantially af-
(1) the confidentiality or integrity of sen-
sitive information submitted by the report-
ing entity to the agency pursuant to a statu-
tory or regulatory requirement; or
(2) the agency information system or sys-
tems used in the transmission or storage of
the sensitive information described in para-
TITLE LII-IMPROVING FEDERAL
CYBERSECURITY
SEC. 5141. MOBILE SECURITY STANDARDS.
GENERAL.—Not later than
1
year
after the date of enactment of this Act,
the
Director shall-
(1) evaluate mobile application
security
guidance promulgated by the Director; and
(2) issue guidance to secure mobile devices,
including for mobile applications, for every
—The guidance issued under
subsection (a)(2) shall include—
3506(b)(4) of title 44, United States Code, for
every agency to maintain a continuous in-
(A) mobile device operated by or on behalf
(B) vulnerability identified by the agency
associated with a mobile device; and
(2) a requirement for every agency to per-
vulnerabilities described in paragraph (1)(B)
and other risks associated with the use of ap-
plications on mobile devices.
INFORMATION
SHARING.—The Director,
in coordination with the Director of the Cy-
Agency, shall issue guidance to agencies for
sharing the inventory of the agency required
under subsection (b)(1) with the Director of
rity Agency, using automation and machine-
data to the greatest extent prac-
(d) BRIEFING.—Not later than 60 days after
the date on which the Director issues guid-
ance under subsection (a)(2), the Director, in
coordination with the Director of the Cyber-
security and Infrastructure Security Agency,
shall provide to
sional committees a briefing on the guid-
SEC. 5142. DATA AND LOGGING RETENTION FOR
RECOMMENDATIONS.—Not later
the date of enactment of this
Act, and not less frequently
years thereafter, the Director of the Cyberse-
curity and Infrastructure Security Agency,
in consultation with the Attorney General,

===== PAGE 224 =====
{"alpha_words": 1161, "chars": 8428, "method": "ocr", "page": 224, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
shall submit to the Director recommenda- "s 3559A. Federal penetration testing
tions on requirements for logging events on
"(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
agency systems and retaining other relevant
'(1) AGENCY OPERATIONAL PLAN.-
data within the systems and networks of an
'agency operational plan' means a plan of an
agency for the use of penetration testing.
(b) CONTENTS.—The recommendations pro-
vided under subsection (a) shall include-
(1) the types of logs to be maintained;
(2) the time periods to retain the logs and
(3) the time periods for agencies to enable
recommended logging and security require-
(4) how to ensure the confidentiality, in-
tegrity, and availability of logs;
(5) requirements to ensure that, upon re-
quest, in a manner that excludes or other-
wise reasonably protects personally identifi-
mitted by applicable law (including privacy
and statistical laws), agencies provide logs
(A) the Director of the Cybersecurity and
Infrastructure Security Agency for a cyber-
(B) the Federal Bureau of Investigation to
investigate potential criminal activity; and
(6) requirements to ensure that, subject to
compliance with statistical laws and other
relevant data protection requirements, the
highest level security operations center of
each agency has visibility into all agency
log's.
(C) GUIDANCE.—Not later than 90 days after
receiving
the
recommendations
submitted
under subsection (a), the Director, in con-
sultation with the Director of the Cybersecu-
rity and Infrastructure Security Agency and
the Attorney General, shall,
as determined
guidance to agencies regarding requirements
for logging, log retention, log management,
sharing of log data with other appropriate
agencies, or any other logging activity deter-
mined to be appropriate by the Director.
SEC. 5143. CISA AGENCY ADVISORS.
(a) IN GENERAL.-
-Not later than 120 days
after the date of enactment of this Act, the
Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
ture Security Agency shall assign not less
than 1 cybersecurity professional employed
by the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-
curity Agency to be the Cybersecurity and
Infrastructure
the senior agency information security offi-
cer of each agency.
(b) QUALIFICATIONS.—Each advisor assigned
under subsection (a) shall have knowledge
(1) cybersecurity threats facing agencies,
including any specific
(2) performing risk assessments of agency
(3) other Federal cybersecurity initiatives.
-The duties of each advisor as-
signed under subsection (a) shall include-
(1) providing ongoing assistance and ad-
vice, as requested, to the agency Chief Infor-
(2) serving as an incident response point of
contact between the assigned agency and the
Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security
(3) familiarizing themselves with agency
systems, processes, and procedures to better
facilitate support to the agency in respond-
(d) LIMITATION.—An advisor assigned under
subsection (a) shall not be a contractor.
ASSIGNMENTS.—One
vidual advisor may be assigned to multiple
agency Chief Information Officers under sub-
SEC. 5144. FEDERAL PENETRATION TESTING POL-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter II of chapter
35 of title 41, United States Code, is amended
by adding at the end the following:
'rules ol engagement' means a set oi rules es-
tablished by an agency for the use of pene-
tration testing.
'(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director shall issue
"(A) requires agencies to
"(B) requires agencies to develop an agen-
cy operational plan and rules of engagement
that meet the requirements under subsection
"(2) PENETRATION TESTING GUIDANCE.—The
guidance issued under this section shall—
"(A) permit an agency to use, for the pur-
pose of performing penetration testing
'(i) a shared service of the agency or an-
"(ii) an external entity, such as a vendor;
"(B) require agencies to provide the rules
of engagement and results
of penetration
testing to the Director and the Director of
the Cybersecurity
and Infrastructure Secu-
rity Agency, without regard to the status of
the
entity that
performs the penetration
testing.
"(C) AGENCY PLANS AND RULES OF ENGAGE-
MENT.-
-The
agency
operational
plan and
rules of engagement of an agency shall-
"(1) require the agency to-
"(A) perform penetration testing on the
high value assets of the agency; or
Cybersecurity
and Infrastructure Security
Agency to ensure that penetration testing is
'(2) establish guidelines for avoiding, as a
result of penetration testing-
'(A) adverse impacts to the operations of
adverse impacts to operational envi-
ronments and systems of the agency; and
"(C) inappropriate access to data;
'(3) require the results of penetration test-
ing to include feedback to improve the cy-
bersecurity of the agency; and
'(4) include mechanisms for providing con-
sistently formatted, and, if applicable, auto-
mated and machine-readable, data to the Di-
rector and the Director of the Cybersecurity
and Infrastructure Security Agency.
rector or she sylersecurity and in rastrue-
ture Security Agency shall-
'(1) establish a process to assess the per-
formance of penetration testing by both Fed-
lishes minimum quality controls for penetra-
'(2) develop operational guidance for insti-
tuting penetration testing programs at agen-
'(3) develop and maintain a centralized ca-
service to Federal and non-Federal entities;
best use of penetration testing resources.
"(e) RESPONSIBILITIES OF OMB.-
tor, in coordination with the Director of the
and Infrastructure Security
'(1) not less frequently than annually, in-
ventory all Federal penetration testing
"(2) develop and maintain a standardized
process for the use of penetration testing.
'(f) PRIORITIZATION OF PENETRATION TEST-
S8031
'(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director, in coordi-
nation with the Director of the
and Infrastructure
shall develop a framework for prioritizing
Federal penetration testing resources among
CONSIDERATIONS.—In
developing the
framework under this subsection, the Direc-
'(A) agency system risk assessments per-
formed under section 3554(a)(1)(A);
assessment per-
formed under section 3553(i);
'(C) the analysis of Federal incident data
performed under section 3597; and
'(D) any other information determined ap-
propriate by the Director or the Director of
the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-
section (b) shall not apply to national secu-
"(h) DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY FOR CER-
TAIN SYSTEMS.—The authorities of the Direc-
tor described in subsection (b) shall be dele-
'(1) to the Secretary of Defense in the case
systems described in section 3553(e)(2); ar
"(2)
to
the Director
f Nation
Intel-
ligence in the case of systems described in
3553(e) (3).'
(b)
DEADLINE FOR GUIDANCE.—Not
later
than 180 days after the date of enactment of
this Act, the Director shall issue the guid-
ance required under section 3559A(b) of title
44, United
States Code, as
added by sub-
section (a).
(C)
CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The
table
of
sections for chapter 35
States Code, is amended by adding after the
item relating to section 3559 the following:
'3559A. Federal penetration testing."
HOMELAND SECURITY.—Section
3553(b) of title 44, United States Code, as
amended by section 5121, is further amend-
(1) in paragraph (8)(B), by striking "and"
(2) by redesignating paragraph (9) as para-
graph (10); and
(3) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-
'(9) performing penetration testing with or
without advance notice to, or authorization
from, agencies, to identify vulnerabilities
within Federal information systems; and".
(a) THREAT HUNTING PROGRAM.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later
after the date of enactment of this Act, the
Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
ture Security Agency shall establish a pro-
gram to provide ongoing, hypothesis-driven
threat-hunting services on the network of
-Not later than 180 days after the
date of enactment of this Act, the Director
of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-
curity Agency shall develop a plan to estab-
lish the program required under paragraph
(1) that describes how the Director of the Cy-
(A) determine the method for collecting,
storing, accessing, and analyzing appropriate
(B) provide on-premises support to agen-
(C) staff threat hunting services;
(D) allocate available human and financial
resources to implement the plan; and
(E) provide input to the heads of agencies
(i) more stringent standards under section
11331(c)(1) of title 40, United States Code; and

===== PAGE 225 =====
{"alpha_words": 1177, "chars": 8168, "method": "ocr", "page": 225, "variant": "plain-vision"}
under section 3554 of title 44, United States
(b) REPORTS.—The Director of the Cyberse-
submit to the appropriate congres-
sional committees
(1) not later than 30 days after the date on
which the Director of the Cybersecurity and
the plan required under subsection (a)(2), a
report on the plan to provide threat hunting
(2) not less than 30 days before the date on
which the Director of the Cybersecurity and
Infrastructure Security Agency
viding threat hunting services under the pro-
gram under subsection (a)(1), a report pro-
viding any updates to the plan developed
(3) not later than 1 year after the date on
which the Director of the Cybersecurity and
Infrastructure Security Agency begins pro-
viding threat hunting services to
other than the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
ture Security Agency,
a report describing
lessons learned from providing those serv-
SEC. 5146. CODIFYING VULNERABILITY DISCLO-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 35 of title 44,
United States Code, is amended by inserting
after section 3559A, as added by section 5144
of this division, the following:
vulnerability disclosure
'(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
vulnerability disclosure made to an agency
'(2) REPORTER.—The term 'reporter' means
an individual that submits a
report pursuant to the vulnerability disclo-
sure process of an agency.
''(b) RESPONSIBILITIEs oF OMB.-
'(1) LIMITATION ON LEGAL ACTION.—The Di-
General, shall issue guidance to agencies to
against a reporter or an individual that con-
ducts a security research activity that the
head of the agency determines-
'(A) represents a good faith effort to fol-
low the vulnerability disclosure policy of the
developed under subsection (d)(2);
"(B) is authorized under the vulnerability
of the agency
"(2) SHARING INFORMATION WITH CISA.—The
Director, in coordination with the Director
of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-
curity Agency and the National Cyber Direc-
tor, shall issue guidance to agencies on shar-
relevant information in a consistent,
and machine readable manner
with the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
'(A) any valid or credible reports of newly
vulnerabilities (including misconfigurations)
commercial software or services;
'(B) information relating to vulnerability
disclosure, coordination, or remediation ac-
tivities of an agency, particularly as those
activities relate to outside organizations-
"(i) with which the head of the agency be-
lieves the Director of the Cybersecurity and
Infrastructure Security Agency can assist;
'(ii) about which the head of the agency
believes the Director of the
and Infrastructure Security Agency
'(C) any other information with respect to
which the head of the agency determines
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
helpful or necessary to involve the Cyberse-
curity and Infrastructure Security Agency.
POLICIES.—The Director shall issue guidance
to agencies on the required minimum scope
systems covered by the vulner-
disclosure policy of an agency re-
quired under subsection (d)(2).
''(C) RESPONSIBILITIES OF CISA.—The Direc-
tor of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
provide support to agencies with re-
spect to the implementation of the require-
ments of this section;
develop tools,
mechanisms determined appropriate to offer
quirements of this section; and
"(3) upon a request by an agency, assist the
agency in the disclosure to vendors of newly
identified vulnerabilities in vendor products
'(d) RESPONSIBILITIES OF AGENCIES.-
each agency shall make publicly available,
with respect to each internet domain under
the control of the agency that is not a na-
'(A) an appropriate security contact; and
"(B) the component of the agency that is
responsible for the internet accessible serv-
ices offered at the domain.
'(2) VULNERABILITY DISCLOSURE POLICY.-
make publicly available a vulnerability dis-
closure policy for the agency, which shall-
'(i) the scope of the systems of the agency
included in the vulnerability disclosure pol-
"(ii) the type of information system test-
ing that is authorized by the agency;
'(iii) the type of information system test-
ing that is not authorized by the agency; and
'(iv) the disclosure policy of the agency for
'(B) with respect to a report to an agency,
"(i) how the reporter should submit the re-
"(ii) if the report is not anonymous, when
the reporter should anticipate an acknowl-
edgment of receipt of the report by the agen-
'(C) include any other relevant informa-
'(D) be mature in scope, to cover all Fed-
eral information systems used or operated by
that agency or on behalf of that agency.
agency shall incorporate any
vulnerabilities reported under paragraph (2)
into the vulnerability management process
of the agency in order to track and reme-
'(e) PAPERWORK
REDUCTION ACT EXEMP-
(commonly known as the 'Paperwork Reduc-
tion Act') shall not apply to a vulnerability
disclosure program
"(f) CONGRESSIONAL REPORTING.—Not later
than 90 days after the date of enactment of
the Federal Information Security Moderniza-
tion Act of 2021, and annually thereafter for
a 3-year period, the Director shall provide to
the Committee on Homeland Security and
Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the
Committee on Oversight and Reform of the
House of Representatives a briefing on the
status of the use of vulnerability disclosure
policies under this section at agencies, in-
cluding, with respect to the guidance issued
under subsection (b)(3), an identification of
that are compliant and not
EXEMPTIONS.-The authorities and
functions of the Director and Director of the
November 4, 2021
and Infrastructure Security
Agency under this section shall not apply to
national security systems.
'(h) DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY FOR CER-
TAIN SYSTEMS.—The authorities of the Direc-
tor and the Director of the Cybersecurity
scribed in this section shall be delegated—
'(1) to the Secretary of Defense in the case
of systems described in section 3553(e)(2); and
to the Director of National
ligence in the case of systems described in
of title 44, United
States Code, is amended by adding after the
item relating to section 3559A, as added by
''3559B. Federal vulnerability disclosure pro-
SEC. 5147. IMPLEMENTING PRESUMPTION OF
Not later than 1 year after
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-
tor shall provide
an update to
priate congressional committees on progress
in increasing the internal defenses of agency
(1) shifting away from "trusted networks"
to implement security controls based on a
presumption of compromise;
(2) implementing principles of least privi-
administering information security
cause incidents to move laterally through or
between agency systems;
(4) identifying incidents quickly;
entities from agency systems quickly;
(6) otherwise increasing the resource costs
for entities that cause incidents to be suc-
(7) a summary of the agency progress re-
ports required under subsection (b).
(b) AGENCY PROGRESS REPORTS.—Not later
than 1 year after the date of enactment of
this Act, the head of each agency shall sub-
mit to the Director a progress report on im-
plementing an information security program
based on the presumption of compromise and
least privilege
principles, which
(1) a description of any steps the agency
achieving requirements issued by the Direc-
(2) an identification of activities that have
not yet been completed and that would have
the most immediate security impact; and
(3) a schedule to implement any
SEC. 5148. AUTOMATION REPORTS.
(a) OMB REPORT.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of enactment of this Act, the
Director shall submit to the appropriate con-
gressional committees a report on the use of
automation under paragraphs (1), (5)(C) and
(8)(B) of section 3554(b) of title 44, United
(b) GAO REPORT.—Not later than 1 year
after the date of enactment of this Act,
shall perform a study on the use of automa-
tion and machine readable data across the
Federal Government for cybersecurity pur-
poses, including the automated updating of
cybersecurity tools, sensors, or processes by
SEC. 5149. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL ACQUISITION
Section 1328 of title 41, United States Code,
is amended by striking
"the date that"
all that follows and inserting "December 31,

===== PAGE 226 =====
{"alpha_words": 1087, "chars": 7744, "method": "ocr", "page": 226, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
SEC. 5150. COUNCIL OF THE INSPECTORS GEN-
of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C.
App.) is amended-
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking "and"
(2) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as
subparagraph (C); and
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the
"(B) that shall include a dashboard of open
information security recommendations iden-
quired by section 3555(a) of title 44, United
States Code; and".
QUANTITATIVE CYBERSECURITY
DEFINITION OF COVERED METRICS.—In
means the metrics established, reviewed, and
updated under section 224(c) of the Cyberse-
curity Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1522(c)).
(b) UPDATING AND ESTABLISHING METRICS.-
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Director of the Cyber-
security and Infrastructure Security Agency,
in coordination with the Director, shall-
lished as of the date of enactment of this
(2) as appropriate and pursuant to section
224(c) of the Cybersecurity
U.S.C. 1522(C))
(A) update the covered metrics; and
(B) establish new covered metrics.
(1) IN GENERAL.-
-Not later than 540 days
after the date of enactment of this Act, the
Director, in coordination with the Director
of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-
shall promulgate guidance
metrics to track trends in the cybersecurity
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
S8033
(e) CYBERSECURITY ACT OF 2015 UPDATES.
Section 224 of the Cybersecurity Act of 2015
(6 U.S.C. 1522) is amended-
(1) by striking subsection (c) and inserting
(2) RESPONSIBILITY OF DIRECTOR.—Section
amended by section 5121 of this division, is
further amended by inserting after para-
'(C) IMPROVED METRICS.-
'(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director of the Cy-
'(7) developing a standard risk-based budg-
et model to inform Federal agency cyberse-
curity budget development; and"
Agency, in coordination with the Director,
shall establish, review, and update metrics
to measure the cybersecurity and incident
capabilities of agencies in accord-
responsibilities of agencies
under section 3554 of title 44, United States
quired to be developed under paragraph (1)
(A) consider Federal and non-Federal cyber
threat intelligence products,
able, to identify threats, vulnerabilities, and
(B) consider the impact of agency oper-
established, reviewed, and updated
under paragraph (1)-
'(A) not less than 2 of the metrics shall be
time-based, such as a metric of-
ations of compromise of systems,
to other agency sys-
tems and the operations of other agencies;
(C) indicate where resources should be allo-
cated to have the greatest impact on miti-
agency to detect an incident; and
gating current and future threats and cur-
the amount of time that passes be-
rent and future cybersecurity capabilities;
used to inform acquisition
"(I) the detection of an incident and the re- sustainment of-
mediation of the incident; and
(i) information technology and cybersecu-
"(II) the remediation of an incident and rity tools;
the recovery from the incident; and
(ii) information technology and cybersecu-
"(B) the metrics may include other meas- rity architectures;
urable outcomes.";
(iii) information technology and cyberse-
(2) by striking subsection (e); and
(3) by redesignating subsection (1) as sub-
TITLE LIII-RISK-BASED BUDGET MODEL
(iV) cybersecurity and information tech-
nology concepts of operations; and
(E) be used to evaluate and inform Govern-
ment-wide cybersecurity programs of the De-
partment of Homeland Security.
(4) REQUIRED UPDATES.—Not less frequently
than once every 3 years, the Director shall
review, and update as necessary, the model
(1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
"appropriate congressional
committees" means
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security
mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and
(B) the Committee on Homeland Security
and the Committee on Appropriations of the
(2) COVERED AGENCY.-
agency" has the
"executive agency' in section 133 of title 41,
-The term 'Director' means
the Director of the Office of Management
guidance issued under paragraph (1) and any
subsequent guidance shall require agencies
to share with the Director of the Cybersecu-
data demonstrating the performance of the
agency using the covered metrics included in
(3) PENETRATION TESTS.—On not less than 2
occasions during the 2-year period following
on which guidance is promulgated
under paragraph (1), the Director shall en-
sure that not less than 3 agencies are sub-
tests, as determined by the Director, in co-
ordination with the Director of the Cyberse-
curity and Infrastructure Security Agency,
in order to validate the utility of the covered
CAPACITY.—The Director of
the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-
rity Agency shall develop a capability that
allows
for
the
analysis
of
the
covered
metrics, including cross-agency performance
of
agency cybersecurity
and
incident
sponse capability trends.
(d) CONGRESSIONAL REPORTS.-
(1) UTILITY OF METRICS.
—Not later than 1
year after the date of enactment of this Act,
the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infra-
structure Security Agency shall submit to
the appropriate congressional committees a
report on the utility of the covered metrics.
(2)
USE
OF
METRICS.—Not later than 180
days after the date on which the Director
promulgates
guidance
under
subsection
(c)(1), the Director shall submit to the appro-
priate congressional committees a report on
the results of the use of the covered metrics
by agencies.
'information technology"-
(A) has the meaning given the term in sec-
tion 11101 of title 40, United States Code; and
of a Federal agency that monitor
and control physical equipment and proc-
esses of the Federal agency.
based budget" means a budget-
vulnerabilities, including impact on agency
of a cyber attack,
through analysis of threat intelligence, inci-
dures, and capabilities of cyber threats; and
(B) that allocates resources based on
-Not later than 1 year after the
first publication of the budget submitted by
the President under section 1105 of title 31,
United States Code, following the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Director, in con-
sultation with the Director of the Cybersecu-
rity and Infrastructure Security Agency and
the National Cyber Director and in coordina-
tion with the Director of the National Insti-
tute of Standards and Technology,
velop a standard model for creating a risk-
based budget for cybersecurity spending.
(5) PUBLICATION.—The Director shall pub-
under this subsection, and any updates nec-
website of the Office of Management and
(6) REPORTS.—Not later than 1 year after
the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-
ally thereafter for each of the 2 following fis-
model required to be developed under this
subsection is completed, whichever is sooner,
the Director shall submit a report to Con-
gress on the development of the model.
(b) REQUIRED USE OF RISK-BASED BUDGET
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 2 years
after the date on which the model developed
under subsection (a) is published, the head of
each covered agency shall use the model to
develop the annual cybersecurity and infor-
mation technology budget requests of the
(2) AGENCY PERFORMANCE PLANS.—Section
3554(d)(2) of title 44, United States Code, is
amended by inserting 'and the risk-based
3553(a)(7)" after "paragraph (1)".
(C) VERIFICATION.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 1105(a)(35)(A)(i) of
title 31, United States Code, is amended—
(A) in the matter preceding subclause (I),
by striking "by agency,
area (as determined by the administration)"
and inserting "and by agency";
(B) in subclause (III), by striking "and" at
(C) by adding at the end the following:
mitted were developed using a risk-based
methodology; and
"(VI) a report on the progress of each agen-
by section 3555(a)(1) of title 44."
made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on

===== PAGE 227 =====
{"alpha_words": 1162, "chars": 8291, "method": "ocr", "page": 227, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the date that is 2 years after the date on
which the model developed under subsection
(a) is published.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
quire that active defense techniques are ade- SEC. 6102. DEFINITIONS.
quately coordinated to ensure that active de-
fense techniques do not impede threat re-
sponse efforts, criminal investigations,
national security activities, including intel-
November 4, 2021
3555(a)(2) of title 44, United States Code, is
(A) in subparagraph (B), by striking "and"
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting '; and"; and
(C) by adding at the end the following:
'(D) an assessment of how the agency im-
plemented the risk-based budget model re-
quired under section 3553(a)(7) and an evalua-
tion of whether the model mitigates agency
cyber vulnerabilities.".
(2) ASSESSMENT.—Section 3553(c) of title 44,
United States Code, as amended by section
5121, is further amended by inserting after
'(6) an assessment of-
'(A) Federal agency implementation of the
model required under subsection (a)(7);
'(B) how cyber vulnerabilities of Federal
agencies changed
the previous year;
ment vulnerabilities of the Federal Govern-
(e) GAO REPORT.—Not later than 3 years
after the date on which the first budget of
the President is submitted to Congress con-
taining the validation required under section
1105(a)(35)(A)(i)(V) of title 31, United States
Comptroller General of the
United States
submit to the appropriate
sional committees a report that includes-
(1) an evaluation of the success of covered
agencies in developing risk-based budgets;
(2) an evaluation of the success of covered
agencies in implementing risk-based budg-
(3) an evaluation of whether the risk-based
budgets developed by covered agencies miti-
gate cyber vulnerability, including the ex-
tent to which the risk-based budgets inform
Federal Government-wide cybersecurity pro-
(4) any other information relating to risk-
based budgets the Comptroller General de-
TITLE LIV-PILOT PROGRAMS TO
ENHANCE FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY
SEC. 5181. ACTIVE CYBER DEFENSIVE STUDY.
(a) DEFINITION.-In this section, the term
"active defense technique".
(1) means an action taken on the systems
of an entity to increase the security of infor-
mation on the network of an agency by mis-
(2) includes a honeypot, deception, or pur-
posefully feeding false or misleading data to
an adversary when the adversary is on the
(b) STUDY.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-
tor of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
Security Agency, in coordination with the
Director, shall perform a study on the use of
active defense techniques to enhance the se-
curity of agencies, which shall include—
(1) a review of legal restrictions on the use
of different active cyber defense techniques
with the Department of Justice;
(A) the efficacy of a selection of active de-
fense techniques determined by the Director
of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-
(1) COVERED CYBER INCIDENT; COVERED ENTI-
(4) the development of a framework for the
use of different active defense techniques by
beer incident"
those terms in section 2230 of the Homeland
Security Act of 2002, as added by section 6103
SEC. 5182. SECURITY OPERATIONS CENTER AS A
(a) PURPOSE.—The purpose of this section
is for the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
Security Agency to run a security operation
on behalf of another agency,
viating the need to duplicate this function at
every agency, and empowering a greater cen-
tralized cybersecurity capability.
(b) PLAN.—Not later than 1 year after the
date of enactment of this Act,
of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-
curity Agency shall develop a plan to estab-
ations center shared service offering within
the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-
subsection (b) shall include
(1) collecting;
organizing, and analyzing
(2) staffing and resources; and
after the date on which the plan
under subsection (b) is developed, the Direc-
tor of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
Director, shall enter into a 1-year agreement
with not less than 2 agencies to offer a secu-
rity operations center as a shared service.
date on which the briefing required under
subsection (e)(1) is provided, the Director of
Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-
rity Agency, in consultation with the Direc-
tor, may enter into additional 1-year agree-
ments described in paragraph (1) with agen-
(1) BRIEFING.—Not later than 260 days after
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-
tor of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
Security Agency shall provide to the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-
mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform of the House
of Representatives a briefing on the param-
eters of any 1-year agreements entered into
-Not later than 90 days after
the date on which the first 1-year agreement
entered into under subsection (d) expires, the
Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
ture Security Agency
shall submit to the
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
Committee on Homeland Security and the
Committee on Oversight and Reform of the
House of Representatives a report on—
(B) any additional agreements entered into
with agencies under subsection (d).
F-CYBER INCIDENT REPORT-
ING ACT OF 2021 AND CISA TECHNICAL
CORRECTIONS
AND IMPROVEMENTS
(B) factors that impact the efficacy of the
TITLE LXI-CYBER INCIDENT REPORTING
active defense techniques evaluated
subparagraph (A);
SEC. 6101. SHORT TITLE.
recommendations on safeguards and
This title may be cited as the 'Cyber Inci-
procedures that shall be established to re- dent Reporting Act of 2021".
RANSOM PAYMENT; RANSOMWARE
"ransom payment"
those terms in
Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 651),
as added by section 6203 of this division.
-The term 'Director" means
the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infra-
structure Security Agency.
(4) INFORMATION SYSTEM; SECURITY VULNER-
and "security vulnerability" have the mean-
ings given those terms in section 102 of the
Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501).
SEC. 6103. CYBER INCIDENT REPORTING.
(a) CYBER INCIDENT REPORTING.—Title XXII
of the Homeland Security Act of
U.S.C. 651 et seq.) is amended
(1) in section 2209(b) (6 U.S.C. 659(b)), as so
redesignated by section 6203(b) of this divi-
(A) in paragraph (11), by striking "and" at
(B) in paragraph (12), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting "; and'; and
(C) by adding at the end the following:
"(13) receiving, aggregating, and analyzing
reports related to covered cyber incidents (as
defined in section 2230) submitted by covered
entities (as defined in section 2230) and re-
ports related to ransom payments submitted
entities in furtherance of the activities
specified in sections 2202(e), 2203, and 2231,
this subsection, and any other authorized ac-
tivity of the Director, to enhance the situa-
tional awareness
cybersecurity
across critical infrastructure sectors."; and
(2) by adding at the end the following:
"Subtitle C—Cyber Incident Reporting
'(1) CENTER.—The term 'Center' means the
center established under section 2209.
the Cyber Incident Reporting
scribed in section 1752(c)(1)(H) of the William
M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (6 U.S.C.
"(3) COVERED CYBER INCIDENT.—The term
'covered cyber incident' means a substantial
cyber incident experienced by a covered enti-
ty that satisfies the definition and criteria
established by the Director in the final rule
issued pursuant to section 2232(b).
'(4) COVERED ENTITY.—The term 'covered
'(A) any Federal contractor; or
'(B) an entity that owns or operates crit-
ical infrastructure that satisfies the defini-
tion established by the Director in the final
rule issued pursuant to section 2232(b).
'(5) CYBER INCIDENT.—The term 'cyber in-
cident' has the meaning given the term 'inci-
THREAT.—The term 'cyber
'(A) has the meaning given the term 'cy-
bersecurity threat' in section 2200; and
'(B) does not include any activity related
participation in a bug-bounty program or a
vulnerability disclosure program.
eral contractor' means a business, nonprofit
or other private sector entity
that holds a Federal Government contract,
unless that contractor is a party only to—

===== PAGE 228 =====
{"alpha_words": 1202, "chars": 8759, "method": "ocr", "page": 228, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
contract to provide house-
keeping or custodial services; or
"(B) a contract to provide products or serv-
to information technology
that is below the micro-purchase threshold,
as defined in section 2.101 of title 48, Code of
Federal Regulations, or any successor regu-
'(8) FEDERAL ENTITY; INFORMATION SYSTEM;
SECURITY CONTROL.—The terms 'Federal enti-
ty', 'information system', and 'security con-
trol' have the meanings given those terms in
section 102 of the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (6
SIGNIFICANT CYBER
INCIDENT.—The
term 'significant cyber incident' means a cy-
bersecurity incident, or a group of related
cybersecurity incidents, that the
determines is likely to result in demon-
strable harm to the national security inter-
civil liberties, or public health and safety of
the people of the United States.
'small organization'-
'(i) a small business concern, as defined in
section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C.
'(ii) any nonprofit organization, including
faith-based organizations and houses of wor-
ship, or other private sector
fewer than 200 employees (determined on a
full-time equivalent basis); and
"(i) a business, nonprofit organization, or
other private sector entity that is a covered
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
information, cyber threat indicators, and de-
fensive measures, pursuant to section 2235;
'(5) establish mechanisms to receive feed-
back from stakeholders on how the Agency
incident reports, ransom payment reports,
and other voluntarily provided information;
"(6) facilitate the timely sharing, on a vol-
untary basis, between relevant critical infra-
tion relating to covered cyber incidents and
ransom payments, particularly with respect
vulnerabilities and identify and disseminate
dents in the future;
'(7) for a covered cyber incident, including
a ransomware attack, that also satisfies the
definition of a significant cyber incident,
is part of a group of related cyber incidents
that together satisfy such definition,
con-
duct a review of the details surrounding the
covered cyber incident or group of those inci-
dents and identify and disseminate ways to
prevent or mitigate similar incidents in the
"(8) with respect to covered cyber incident
reports under subsection (b) involving an on-
going cyber threat or security vulnerability,
immediately review those reports for cyber
threat indicators that can
and disseminated, with defensive measures,
to appropriate stakeholders,
with other divisions within the Agency, as
'(9) publish quarterly unclassified, public
fied information contained in the reports re-
quired under subsection (b);
proactively identify opportunities
protections in section 2235, to leverage and
utilize data on ransomware attacks to sup-
port law enforcement operations to identify,
track, and seize ransom payments utilizing
Cyber Director, the Attorney General, and
the Director of National Intelligence,
provide to the majority leader of the Senate,
the minority leader
Speaker of the House of Representatives, the
minority leader of the House of Representa-
tives, the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and
the Committee on Homeland Security of the
Representatives a briefing
characterizes the national cyber threat land-
scape, including the threat facing
agencies and covered entities, and applicable
intelligence and law enforcement informa-
ransomware attacks, as of the date of the
briefing, which shall-
'(1) include the total number of reports
submitted under sections 2232 and 2233 dur-
ing the preceding month, including a break-
down of required and voluntary reports;
'(2) include any identified trends in cov-
ered cyber incidents and ransomware attacks
over the course of the preceding month and
as compared to previous reports, including
lected in the reports submitted
tions 2232 and 2233, including-
'(A) the infrastructure,
tactics, and tech-
"(B) intelligence gaps that have impeded,
or currently are impeding,
'(3) include a summary of the known uses
under sections 2232 and 2233; and
'(4) be unclassified, but may include a
classified annex.
"SEC. 2232. REQUIRED REPORTING OF CERTAIN
"SEC. 2231. CYBER INCIDENT REVIEW.
"(1) receive, aggregate,
using processes consistent with the
processes developed pursuant to the Cyberse-
Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6
U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) reports from covered enti-
ties related to a covered cyber incident to as-
the effectiveness of security controls,
identify tactics, techniques, and procedures
adversaries use to overcome those controls
and other cybersecurity purposes, including
to support law enforcement investigations,
assess potential impact of incidents on
public health and safety, and to have a more
accurate picture of the cyber threat to crit-
ical infrastructure and the people of the
United States;
'(2) receive, aggregate, analyze, and secure
reports to lead the identification of tactics,
techniques, and procedures used to perpet-
cyber incidents and ransomware at-
'(3) coordinate and share information with
appropriate Federal departments and agen-
cies to identify and track ransom payments,
including those utilizing virtual currencies;
information gathered about
cybersecurity incidents to—
'(A) enhance the quality and effectiveness
of information sharing and coordination ef-
agencies, sector coordinating councils, infor-
mation sharing
and analysis organizations,
technology providers, critical infrastructure
owners and operators, cybersecurity and in-
cident response firms, and security research-
consistent with the protections in section
2235, to leverage and utilize data on cyber in-
'(1) COVERED CYBER INCIDENT REPORTS.—A
covered entity that is a victim of a covered
cyber incident shall report the covered cyber
incident to the Director not later than 72
hours after the covered entity reasonably be-
lieves that the covered cyber incident has oc-
'(2) RANSOM PAYMENT REPORTS.—An enti-
ty, including a covered entity and except for
an individual or a small organization, that
makes a ransom payment as the result of a
ransomware attack against the entity shall
report the payment to the Director not later
than 24 hours after the ransom payment has
ing agencies, sector coordinating councils,
information sharing and analysis organiza-
tions, technology providers, cybersecurity
and incident response firms, and security re-
anonymized reports of cyber incident cam-
imum extent practicable, related contextual
out by academic institutions and other pri-
vate sector organizations, to the greatest ex-
'(12) on a not less frequently than annual
basis, analyze public disclosures made pursu-
ant to parts 229 and 249 of title 17, Code of
Federal Regulations, or any subsequent doc-
change Commission by entities experiencing
cyber incidents and compare such disclosures
to reports received by the Center; and
'(13) in accordance with section 2235 and
subsection (b) of this section, as soon as pos-
sible but not later than 24 hours after receiv-
ing a covered cyber incident report, ransom
payment report, voluntarily submitted infor-
mation pursuant to section 2233, or informa-
tion received pursuant to a request for infor-
mation or subpoena under section 2234, make
Sector Risk Management Agencies and other
appropriate Federal agencies.
"(b) INTERAGENCY SHARING.—The Director
of the Office of Management and Budget, in
consultation with the Director and the Na-
'(1) may establish a specific time require-
ment for sharing
information under
'(2) shall determine the appropriate Fed-
eral agencies under subsection (a)(13).
'(C) PERIODIC BRIEFING.—Not later than 60
days after the effective date of the final rule
required under section 2232(b),
first day of each month thereafter, the Di-
in consultation with the National
entity shall promptly submit to the Director
an update or supplement to a previously sub-
mitted covered cyber incident report if new
or if the covered entity makes a ransom pay-
ment after submitting a covered cyber inci-
dent report required under paragraph (1).
entity subject to requirements of paragraph
(1), (2), or (3) shall preserve data relevant to
the covered cyber incident or ransom pay-
ment in accordance with procedures estab-
lished in the final rule issued pursuant to
subsection (b).
"(A) REPORTING OF COVERED CYBER
DENT WITH RANSOM PAYMENT.-
cyber incident includes a ransom payment
such that the reporting requirements under
paragraphs (1) and (2) apply, the covered en-
tity may submit a single report to satisfy
the requirements of both paragraphs in ac-
cordance with procedures established in the
final rule issued pursuant to subsection (b).
'(B) SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR REPORTED IN-
FORMATION.-The requirements under para-
graphs (1), (2), and (3) shall not apply to an

===== PAGE 229 =====
{"alpha_words": 1235, "chars": 8468, "method": "ocr", "page": 229, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S8036
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
required by law, regulation, or con- through, or caused by, a compromise of a information,
to the extent applicable and
tract to report substantially
cloud service provider, managed service pro-
available, with respect to a ransom payment:
mation to another Federal agency within a
vider, or other third-party data hosting pro-
"(A) A description
of the ransomware at-
substantially similar timeframe.
vider or by a supply chain compromise;
tack, including the estimated date range of
ments under paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) shall
not apply to an entity or the functions of an
stitute critica intrastructure owned, oper-
ated, or governed by multi-stakeholder orga-
nizations that develop, implement, and en-
force policies concerning the Domain Name
System, such as the Internet Corporation for
Assigned Names and Numbers or the Inter-
net Assigned Numbers Authority.
PORTS.—Reports made under paragraphs (1),
(2), and (3) shall be made in the manner and
form, and within the time period in the case
of reports made under paragraph (3), pre-
scribed in the final rule issued pursuant to
through (4) shall take effect on the dates pre-
scribed in the final rule issued pursuant to
'(b) RULEMAKING.-
'(1) NOTICE OF PROPOSED RULEMAKING.—Not
later than 2 years after the date of enact-
ment of this section, the Director, in con-
agencies, shall publish in the Federal Reg-
ister a notice of proposed rulemaking to im-
'(2) FINAL RULE.—Not later than 18 months
after publication of the notice of proposed
rulemaking under paragraph (1), the Director
shall issue a final rule to implement sub-
"(3) SUBSEQUENT RULEMAKINGS.
'(A) IN GENERAL.—The Director may issue
after issuance of the final rule under para-
graph (2), including a rule to amend or revise
issued under subparagraph (A) shall comply
the requirements under chapter 5 of
title 5, United States Code, including
issuance of a notice of proposed rulemaking
under section 553 of such title.
'(C) ELEMENTS.—The final rule issued pur-
suant to subsection (b) shall be composed of
"(1) A clear description of the types of en-
tities that constitute covered entities, based
"(A) the consequences that disruption to
or compromise of such an entity could cause
tactics used to perpetrate such an incident,
as well as the type, volume, and sensitivity
"(ii) the number of individuals directly or
indirectly affected or potentially affected by
such an incident; and
"(iii) potential impacts on industrial con-
trol systems, such as supervisory control and
data acquisition systems, distributed control
and programmable logic control-
"(i) any event where the cyber incident is
perpetuated by a United States Government
entity, good faith security research, or in re-
sponse to an invitation by the owner or oper-
ator of the information system for third par-
ties to find vulnerabilities in the informa-
tion system, such as through a vulnerability
disclosure program or the use of authorized
penetration testing services; and
"(ii) the threat of disruption as extortion,
as described in section 2201(9)(A).
'(3) A requirement that, if a covered cyber
incident or a ransom payment occurs fol-
lowing an exempted threat described in para-
graph (2)(C)(ii), the entity shall comply with
the requirements in this subtitle in report-
ing the covered cyber incident or ransom
"(4) A clear description of the specific re-
quired contents of a report pursuant to sub-
which shall include the
lowing information, to the extent applicable
with respect to a covered
cyber incident:
'(A) A description of the covered cyber in-
'(i) identification and a description of the
tems, networks, or devices that were, or are
reasonably believed to have been, affected by
"(ii) a description of the unauthorized ac-
cess with substantial loss of confidentiality,
integrity, or availability of the affected in-
formation system or network or disruption
of business or industrial operations;
"(iii) the estimated date range of such in-
"(iv) the impact to the operations of the
'(B) Where applicable, a description of the
cedures used to perpetuate the covered cyber
"(C) Where applicable, any identifying or
'(B) Where applicable, a description of the
vulnerabilities, tactics,
techniques, and pro-
cedures used to perpetuate the ransomware
"(C) Where applicable, any identifying or
contact information related to the actor or
actors reasonably believed to be responsible
'(D) The name and other information that
clearly identifies the entity that made the
Contact information, such as tele-
number or electronic mail address,
that the Center may use to contact the enti-
ty that made the ransom payment or an au-
thorized agent of such covered entity,
such covered entity acting with the express
permission of,
and at the direction of, that
entity to assist with compliance with the re-
'(F) The date of the ransom payment.
'(G) The ransom payment demand, includ-
ing the type of virtual currency or other
commodity requested, if applicable.
'(H) The ransom payment instructions, in-
cluding information regarding where to send
or physical address the funds were
requested to be sent to, if applicable.
'(I) The amount of the ransom payment.
'(6) A clear description of the types of data
required to be preserved pursuant to sub-
section (a)(4) and the period of time for
which the data is required to be preserved.
the Director required under subsection (a)(3),
'(A) be established by the Director in con-
'(B) consider any existing regulatory re-
porting requirements similar in
pose, and timing to the reporting require-
ments to which such a covered entity may
also be subject, and make efforts to har-
monize the timing and contents of any such
reports to the maximum extent practicable;
awareness with the ability of the covered en-
tity to conduct incident response and inves-
likelihood that such an entity
may be targeted by a malicious cyber actor,
including a foreign country; and
'(C) the extent to which damage, disrup-
tion, or unauthorized access to such an enti-
ty, including the accessing of sensitive cy-
penetration testing tools or techniques,
likely enable the disruption of the reliable
operation of critical infrastructure.
'(2) A clear description of the types of sub-
stantial cyber incidents that constitute cov-
ered cyber incidents, which shall—
"(A) at a minimum, require the occurrence
"(i) the unauthorized access to an informa-
tion system or network with a substantial
ability of such information system
or a serious impact on the safety and
resiliency of operational systems and proc-
'(ii) a disruption of business or industrial
operations due to a cyber incident; or
'(iii) an occurrence described in clause (i)
such incident.
'(D) Where applicable, identification of the
been, accessed or acquired by an unauthor-
'(E) The name and other information that
clearly identifies the entity impacted by the
covered cyber incident.
Contact information, such
number or electronic mail address,
that the Center may use to contact the cov-
ered entity or an authorized agent of such
service provider of such covered entity act-
ing with the express permission of, and at
the direction of, the covered entity to assist
compliance with the requirements of
'(5) A clear description of the specific re-
quired contents of a report pursuant to sub-
section (a)(2), which shall be the following
'(A) entities to submit reports required by
paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of subsection (a),
which shall include, at a minimum, a con-
cise, user-friendly web-based form;
'(B) the Agency to carry out the enforce-
ment provisions of section 2233,
with respect to the issuance, service, with-
and enforcement of subpoenas,
peals and due process procedures, the suspen-
2234(c), and other aspects of noncompliance;
'(C) implementing the exceptions provided
in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (D) of sub-
'(D) protecting privacy and civil liberties
consistent with processes adopted pursuant
to section 105(b) of the Cybersecurity Act of
2015 (6 U.S.C. 1504(b)) and anonymizing and
mation received and disclosed through cov-
ered cyber incident reports and ransom pay-
ment reports that is known to be personal
information of a specific individual or infor-
mation that identifies a specific individual
that is not directly related to a cybersecu-
'(9) A clear description of the types of en-
tities that constitute other private sector
entities for purposes of section 2230(b)(7).

===== PAGE 230 =====
{"alpha_words": 1257, "chars": 8635, "method": "ocr", "page": 230, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
"(d) THIRD PARTY REPORT SUBMISSION AND
SUBMISSION.—An
cluding a covered entity, that is required to
submit a covered cyber incident report or a
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
rule issued under subsection (b) by the alter-
ation of existing questions or response fields
and the reorganization and reformatting of
the means by which covered cyber incident
party, such as an incident response company,
insurance provider, service provider, infor-
mation sharing and analysis organization, or
required report
pacted by a ransomware attack uses a third
party to make a ransom payment, the third
party shall not be required to submit a ran-
'(3) DUTY TO REPORT.—Third-party report-
ing under this subparagraph does not relieve
a covered entity or an entity that makes a
ransom payment from the duty to comply
with the requirements for covered cyber inci-
dent report or ransom payment report sub-
'(4) RESPONSIBILITY TO ADVISE.—Any third
makes a ransom payment on behalf of an en-
tity impacted by a ransomware attack shall
advise the impacted entity of the respon-
sibilities of the impacted entity regarding
reporting ransom payments under this sec-
'(e) OUTREACH TO COVERED ENTITIES.-
'(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director shall con-
duct an outreach and education campaign to
inform likely covered entities, entities that
offer or advertise as a service to customers
to make or facilitate ransom payments on
behalf of entities impacted by ransomware
potential ransomware attack vic-
tims, and other appropriate
requirements of paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of
cation campaign under paragraph (1) shall
include the following:
"(A) An overview of the final rule issued
'(B) An overview of mechanisms to submit
to the Center covered cyber incident reports
retention, and use of incident reports under
'(C) An overview of the protections af-
forded to covered entities for complying with
the requirements under paragraphs (1), (2),
and (3) of subsection (a).
"(D) An overview of the steps taken under
section 2234 when a covered entity is not in
compliance with the reporting requirements
under subsection (a).
outreach to cybersecurity
vendors, incident response providers, cyber-
security insurance entities, and other
ties that may support covered entities or
ransomware attack victims.
"(F) An overview of the privacy and civil
liberties requirements in this subtitle.
'(3) COORDINATION.—In conducting the out-
under paragraph (1), the Director may co-
ordinate with-
'(A) the Critical Infrastructure Partner-
ship Advisory Council established under sec-
'(B) information sharing and analysis or-
voluntarily offered information is submitted
"SEC. 2233. VOLUNTARY REPORTING OF OTHER
'(a) IN GENERAL.
tarily report incidents or ransom payments
to the Director that are not required under
paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of section 2232(a), but
may enhance
"(b) VOLUNTARY PROVISION OF ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION IN REQUIRED REPORTS.—Enti-
voluntarily include in reports re-
quired under paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of sec-
tion 2232(a) information that is not required
to be included, but may enhance the situa-
tional awareness of cyber threats.
OF PROTECTIONS.—The
protections under section 2235 applicable to
covered cyber incident reports shall apply in
the same manner and to the same extent to
and information
"SEC. 2234. NONCOMPLIANCE WITH REQUIRED
"(a) PURPOSE.—In the event that an entity
that is required to submit a report under sec-
tion 2232(a) fails to comply with the require-
ment to report, the Director may obtain in-
formation about the incident or ransom pay-
ment by engaging the entity directly to re-
quest information about the incident or ran-
som payment, and if the Director is unable
to obtain information through such engage-
ment, by issuing a subpoena to the entity,
pursuant to subsection (c), to gather infor-
sufficient to determine whether a
covered cyber incident or ransom payment
has occurred, and, if so, whether additional
action is warranted pursuant to subsection
'(b) INITIAL REQUEST FOR INFORMATION.—
"(1) IN GENERAL.—If the Director has rea-
son to believe, whether through public re-
porting or other information in the posses-
sion of the Federal Government, including
paragraph (1) or (2) of section 2231(a), that an
entity has experienced a covered cyber inci-
dent or made a ransom payment but failed to
report such incident or payment to the Cen-
ter within 72 hours in accordance with sec-
tion 2232(a), the Director shall request addi-
tional information from the entity to con-
firm whether or not a covered cyber incident
or ransom payment has occurred.
the Center in response to a request under
paragraph (1) shall be treated as if it was
submitted through the reporting procedures
AUTHORITY TO ISSUE SUBPOENAS AND
'(1) IN GENERAL.—If, after the date that is
72 hours from the date on which the Director
the request for information in sub-
section (b), the Director has received no re-
sponse from the entity from which such in-
formation was requested, or received an in-
adequate response, the Director may issue to
such entity a subpoena to compel disclosure
of information the Director deems necessary
to determine whether a covered cyber inci-
dent or ransom payment has occurred and
ported pursuant to section 2232 and any im-
"(B) VENUE.—An action under this para-
graph may be brought in the judicial district
in which the entity against which the action
is brought resides, is found, or does business.
"(C) CONTEMPT OF COURT.-
punish a failure to comply with a subpoena
issued under this subsection as contempt of
the Director to issue a subpoena under this
subsection may not be delegated.
agreement, or other transaction agreement
fails to comply with a subpoena issued under
"(A) the Director may refer the matter to
the Administrator of General Services; and
'(B) upon receiving a referral from the Di-
rector, the Administrator of General Serv-
alties, including suspension or debarment.
"(D) information sharing and analysis cen-
'(E) sector coordinating councils; and
'(F) any other entity as determined appro-
'(f) ORGANIZATION OF REPORTS.—Notwith-
standing chapter 35 of title 44, United States
Code (commonly
known as the 'Paperwork
Reduction Act'), the Director may request
information within the scope of
"(A) IN GENERAL.—If an entity fails to com-
ply with a subpoena, the Director may refer
the matter to the Attorney General to bring
action in a district court of the
United States to enforce such subpoena.
'(1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding section
2235(a) and subsection (b)(2) of this section, if
the Attorney General or the appropriate reg-
ulator determines, based on information pro-
vided in response to a subpoena issued pursu-
ant to subsection (c), that the facts relating
to the covered cyber incident or ransom pay-
ment at issue may constitute grounds for a
regulatory enforcement action or criminal
prosecution, the Attorney General or the ap-
propriate regulator may use that informa-
tion for a regulatory enforcement action or
'(2) APPLICATION TO CERTAIN ENTITIES AND
THIRD PARTIES.—A covered cyber incident or
payment report submitted to
Center by an entity that makes a ransom
payment or third party under section 2232
shall not be used by any
Tribal, or local government to investigate or
take another law enforcement action against
the entity that makes a ransom payment or
'(3) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing
this subtitle shall be construed to provide an
entity that submits a covered cyber incident
report or ransom payment report under sec-
tion 2232 any immunity from law enforce-
ment action for making a ransom payment
otherwise prohibited by law.
CONSIDERATIONS.—When determining
whether to exercise the authorities provided
under this section, the Director shall take
'(1) the size and complexity of the entity;
covered cyber incident has occurred; and
'(3) prior interaction with the Agency or
awareness of the entity of the policies and
procedures of the Agency for reporting cov-
ered cyber incidents and ransom payments.
apply to a State, local, Tribal, or territorial
government entity.
shall submit to Congress an annual report on
the number of times the Director-
'(1) issued an initial request for informa-
tion pursuant to subsection (b);
"(2) issued a subpoena pursuant to sub-
'(3) brought a civil action pursuant to sub-
'(4) conducted additional actions pursuant
to subsection (d).
"SEC. 2235. INFORMATION SHARED WITH OR PRO-
VIDED TO THE FEDERAL GOVERN-
'(a) DISCLOSURE, RETENTION, AND USE.
provided to the
Center or Agency pursuant
to section 2232 may be disclosed to, retained
by, and used by, consistent with otherwise

===== PAGE 231 =====
{"alpha_words": 1200, "chars": 8466, "method": "ocr", "page": 231, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Federal agency or department,
or agent of the
'(A) a cybersecurity purpose;
'(B) the purpose of identifying
'(i) a cyber threat, including the source of
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
Federal law, any the lawful activities of the covered entity or
entity that made a ransom payment.
'(b) NO WAIVER OF PRIVILEGE OR PROTEC-
TION.—The submission of a report to the Cen-
ter or the Agency under section 2232 shall
not constitute
privilege or protection provided by law, in-
cluding trade secret protection and attorney-
"(ii) a security vulnerability;
"(C) the purpose of responding to, or other-
or mitigating,
threat of death, a specific threat of serious
bodily harm, or a specific threat of serious
economic harm, including a terrorist act or
use of a weapon of mass destruction;
"(D) the purpose of responding to, inves-
EXEMPTION FROM DISCLOSURE.—Infor-
mation contained in a report submitted to
the Office under section 2232 shall be exempt
from disclosure under section 552(b)(3)(B) of
known as the 'Freedom of Information Act')
and any State, Tribal, or local provision of
law requiring disclosure of information or
venting or mitigating, a serious threat to a
threats to physical safety; or
tigating, disrupting, or prosecuting
fense arising out of a covered cyber incident
'(d) EX PARTE COMMUNICATIONS.—The sub-
mission of a report to the Agency under sec-
tion 2232 shall not be subject to a rule of any
Federal agency or department or any judi-
cial doctrine regarding ex parte communica-
tions with a decision-making official.
"(e) LIABILITY PROTECTIONS.
105(d)(5)(A)(v) of the Cybersecurity Act of
2015 (6 U.S.C. 1504(d)(5)(A)(v)).
'(2) AGENCY ACTIONS AFTER RECEIPT.—
lie or be maintained in any court by any per-
son or entity and any such action shall be
CYBER THREAT INDICATORS.—Upon receiving a promptly dismissed for the submission of a
covered cyber incident or ransom payment
report pursuant to section 2232(a) that is sub-
report submitted pursuant to this section,
mitted in conformance with this subtitle and
the center shall immediately review the re-
the rule promulgated under section 2232(b),
port to determine whether the incident that
except that this subsection shall not apply
is the subject of the report is connected to
with regard to an action by the Federal Gov-
an ongoing cyber threat or security vulner-
ernment pursuant to section 2234(c)(2).
ability and where applicable, use such report
'(2) SCOPE.—The liability protections pro-
to identify, develop, and rapidly disseminate
vided in subsection (e) shall only apply to or
affect litigation that is solely based on the
anonymized cyber threat indicators and de-
submission of a covered cyber incident re-
port or ransom payment report to the Center
'(3) RESTRICTIONS.—Notwithstanding para-
graph (2), no report submitted to the Agency
pursuant to this subtitle or any communica-
material, or other record,
created for the sole
purpose of preparing,
drafting, or submitting such report, may be
received in evidence, subject to discovery, or
otherwise used in any trial, hearing, or other
proceeding in or before any court, regulatory
November 4, 2021
"Subtitle C-Cyber Incident Reporting
"Sec. 2232. Required reporting
reporting of
"Sec. 2234. Noncompliance with required re-
"Sec. 2235. Information shared with or pro-
SEC. 6104. FEDERAL SHARING OF INCIDENT RE-
(a) CYBER INCIDENT REPORTING SHARING.—
GENERAL.—Notwithstanding
Federal agency that receives a report from
of a cyber incident, including a
ransomware attack, shall provide the report
the Director as soon as possible, but not
later than 24 hours after receiving
port, unless a shorter period is required by
an agreement made between the Cybersecu-
rity Infrastructure Security Agency and the
VULNERABILITIES.—With respect to informa-
tion in a covered cyber incident or ransom
payment report regarding a security vulner-
ability referred to in paragraph (1)(B)(ii), the
Director shall develop principles that govern
the timing and manner in which information
relating to security vulnerabilities may be
consistent with
best practices and United States and inter-
PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES.—Infor-
mation contained in covered cyber incident
the Center or the Agency pursuant to section
2232 shall be retained,
nated, where permissible and appropriate, by
the Federal Government in accordance with
processes to be developed for the protection
of personal information
processes adopted pursuant to section 105 of
the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1504)
and in a manner that protects from unau-
thorized use or disclosure any information
'(A) personal information of a specific in-
'(B) information that identifies a specific
individual that is not directly related to a
'(4) DIGITAL SECURITY.—The Center and the
Agency shall ensure that reports submitted
to the Center or the Agency pursuant to sec-
tion 2232, and any information contained in
those reports, are collected, stored, and pro-
tected at a minimum in accordance with the
requirements for moderate impact Federal
information systems, as described in Federal
tion 199, or any successor document.
'(5) PROHIBITION ON USE OF INFORMATION IN
local, or Tribal government shall not use in-
formation about a covered cyber incident or
ransom payment obtained solely through re-
porting directly to the Center or the Agency
in accordance with this subtitle to regulate,
through an enforcement action,
thereof, provided that nothing in this sub-
title shall create a defense to discovery or
otherwise affect the discovery of any com-
not created for the sole purpose of
preparing, drafting, or submitting such re-
SHARING WITH NON-FEDERAL ENTI-
TIES.—The Agency shall anonymize the vic-
tim who reported the information when
making information provided in reports re-
ceived under section 2232 available to critical
infrastructure owners and operators and the
'(g) PROPRIETARY INFORMATION.—Informa-
tion contained in a report submitted to the
Agency under section 2232 shall be consid-
ered the commercial, financial, and propri-
etary information of the covered entity when
so designated by the covered entity.
"(h) STORED COMMUNICATIONS
ing in this subtitle shall be construed to per-
mit or require disclosure by a provider of a
remote computing service or a provider of an
(commonly known as the
nications Act').".
MENT.—The table of contents in section 1(b)
of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public
Law 107-296; 116 Stat.
2135) is amended by in-
serting after the items relating to subtitle B
ments described in paragraph (1) shall not be
construed to be a violation of any provision
of law or policy that would otherwise pro-
hibit disclosure within the executive branch.
(3) PROTECTION OF INFORMATION.—
rector shall comply with any obligations of
the recipient Federal agency described
paragraph (1) to protect information, includ-
ing with respect to privacy, confidentiality,
or information security, if those obligations
ments than this Act or the amendments
(4) FOIA EXEMPTION.—Any report received
by the Director pursuant to
shall be exempt from disclosure under sec-
tion 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code
(commonly known as the "Freedom of Infor-
(b) CREATION OF COUNCIL.—Section 1752(c)
of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National
Defense Authorization
2021 (6 U.S.C. 1500(c)) is amended—
(A) in subparagraph (G), by striking "and"
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (H) as
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the
'(H) lead an intergovernmental Cyber Inci-
dent Reporting Council, in coordination with
and Budget and the Director of the Cyberse-
and Infrastructure Security
and in consultation with Sector Risk Man-
agement Agencies (as defined in section 2201
of the Homeland Security
651)) and other appropriate
agencies, to coordinate, deconflict, and har-
Federal incident reporting require-
ments, including those issued through regu-
section 2230 of such Act) and entities that
make a ransom payment (as defined in such
section 2201 (6 U.S.C. 651)); and'; and
(2) by adding at the end the following:
OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in
paragraph (1)(H) shall be construed to pro-
vide any additional regulatory authority to
REPORTING REQUIRE-
MENTS.—The National Cyber Director shall,
in consultation with the Director, the Cyber
Incident Reporting Council described in sec-
tion 1752(c)(1)(H) of the William M. (Mac)
Thornberry National Defense
1500(c)(1)(H)), and the Director of the Office
of Management and Budget, to the maximum

===== PAGE 232 =====
{"alpha_words": 1201, "chars": 8478, "method": "ocr", "page": 232, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(1) periodically review existing regulatory
requirements, including the information re-
quired in such reports, to report cyber inci-
dents and ensure that any such reporting re-
quirements and procedures avoid conflicting,
burdensome requirements;
(2) coordinate with the Director and regu-
latory authorities that receive reports relat-
ing to cyber incidents to identify opportuni-
ties to streamline reporting processes, and
where feasible, facilitate interagency agree-
the sharing of such reports, consistent with
applicable law and policy, without impacting
the ability of such agencies to gain timely
situational awareness of a covered cyber in-
SEC. 6105. RANSOMWARE VULNERABILITY WARN-
-Not later than 1 year after
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-
ability warning program to leverage existing
develop processes and procedures for, and to
dedicate resources to, identifying informa-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
National Cyber Director, in consultation
with the Attorney General and the Director
of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall
establish and chair the Joint Ransomware
Task Force to coordinate an ongoing nation-
wide campaign against ransomware attacks,
opportunities
Task Force shall consist of participants from
Federal agencies, as determined appropriate
by the National Cyber Director in consulta-
with the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
RESPONSIBILITIES.—The
Ransomware Task Force, utilizing only ex-
isting authorities of each participating agen-
cy, shall coordinate across the Federal Gov-
ernment the following activities:
(A) Prioritization of intelligence-driven op-
erations to disrupt specific ransomware ac-
(B) Consult with relevant private sector,
identify needs and establish mechanisms for
providing input into the Task Force.
ransomware attacks, and to notify the own-
ers of those vulnerable systems of their secu-
ransomware entities updated on an ongoing
basis, in order to facilitate-
(i) prioritization for Federal action by ap-
propriate Federal agencies; and
(ii) identify metrics for success of said ac-
S8039
(b)
REPORT
ON
OPPORTUNITIES
TO
STRENGTHEN SECURITY RESEARCH.—Not later
than 1 year after the date of enactment of
this Act, the Director shall submit to the
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs of the Senate and
the
Committee on Homeland Security of the
House of Representatives a report describing
how the National Cybersecurity and Commu-
nications Integration
Center
established
under section 2209 of the Homeland Security
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 659) has carried out ac-
tivities under section 2231(a)(9) of the Home-
land Security Act of 2002, as added by section
6103(a) of this
title, by proactively identi-
data to inform and enable cybersecurity re-
search within the academic and private sec-
(C) REPORT ON RANSOMWARE VULNERABILITY
WARNING PILOT PROGRAM.—Not later than 1
year after the date of enactment of this Act,
and annually thereafter for the duration of
the pilot program established under section
6105, the Director shall submit to the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-
mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security of the House of
Representatives a report, which may include
a classified annex, on the effectiveness of the
pilot program, which shall include a discus-
(1) The effectiveness of the notifications
under section 6105(c) in mitigating security
TEMS.—The pilot program established under
subsection (a) shall-
tacks and mitigation techniques; and
(2) utilize existing authorities to identify
Federal and other relevant information sys-
vulnerabilities identified in paragraph (1).
(1) IDENTIFICATION.—If the Director is able
to identify the entity at risk that owns or
identified in subsection (b), the Director may
notify the owner of the information system.
(2) NO IDENTIFICATION.—If the Director is
not able to identify the entity at risk that
operates a vulnerable information
system identified in subsection (b),
rector may utilize the subpoena
pursuant to section 2209 of the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 659) to identify
and notify the entity at risk pursuant to the
procedures within that section.
(3) REQUIRED INFORMATION.—A notification
made under paragraph (1) shall include infor-
identified security vulner-
ability and mitigation techniques.
(d) PRIORITIZATION OF NOTIFICATIONS.—TO
prioritize covered entities for identification
and notification activities under the pilot
program established under this section.
(e) LIMITATION ON PROCEDURES.
dure, notification, or other authorities uti-
lized in the execution of the pilot program
established under subsection (a) shall require
an owner or operator of a vulnerable infor-
mation system to take any action as a result
of a notice of a security vulnerability made
(f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this
section shall be construed to
tional authorities to the Director to identify
vulnerabilities or vulnerable systems.
tablished under
subsection (a) shall termi-
nate on the date that is 4 years after the
date of enactment of this Act.
SEC. 6106. RANSOMWARE THREAT MITIGATION
(a) JOINT RANSOMWARE TASK FORCE.-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of enactment of this Act, the
tors, associated infrastructure,
(E) Facilitating coordination and collabo-
ration between Federal entities and relevant
entities, including the private sector, to im-
prove Federal actions
against ransomware
ransomware trends to inform Federal ac-
(G) Creation of after-action reports and
other lessons learned from Federal actions
that identify successes and failures to im-
prove subsequent actions.
(H) Any other activities determined appro-
priate by the task force to mitigate
threat of ransomware attacks against Fed-
eral and non-Federal entities.
DEFENSIVE MEASURES.—Not later
days after the date of enactment of this Act,
the National Cyber Director, in coordination
Secretary of Homeland Security
and the Attorney General, shall submit to
on Homeland Security and
Governmental Affairs and the Committee on
the Judiciary of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and the Committee
on Oversight and Reform of the House of
Representatives a report that describes de-
fensive measures that private sector actors
take when countering
tacks and what laws need to be clarified to
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing
this section shall be construed to provide
(2) Identification of the most common
vulnerabilities utilized in ransomware.
(3) The number of notifications issued dur-
(4) To the extent practicable, the number
of vulnerable devices or systems mitigated
under this pilot by the Agency during the
(d) REPORT ON HARMONIZATION OF REPORT-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date on which the National Cyber
Director convenes the Council described in
section 1752(c)(1)(H) of the William M. (Mac)
Thornberry National Defense Authorization
1500(c)(1)(H)), the National Cyber Director
sional committees a report that includes
(A) a list of duplicative Federal cyber inci-
dent reporting requirements on covered enti-
ties and entities that make a ransom pay-
(B) a description of any challenges in har-
monizing the duplicative reporting require-
(C) any actions the National Cyber Direc-
tor intends to take to facilitate harmonizing
the duplicative reporting requirements; and
(D) any proposed legislative changes nec-
essary to address the duplicative reporting.
RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing
paragraph (1) shall be construed to provide
any additional regulatory authority to any
SEC. 6107. CONGRESSIONAL REPORTING.
MENT.—Not later than 30 days after the date
on which the Director issues the final rule
under section 2232(b) of the Homeland Secu-
rity Act of 2002, as added by section 6103(b) of
this title, the Director shall submit to the
House of Representatives a report that de-
holders in the development of the final rule.
(1) IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS ACT.—Not later
than 2 years after the date of enactment of
the Comptroller General of the
United States shall submit to the Committee
on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
Senate and the Committee on
Homeland Security
of the House of Rep-
resentatives a report on the implementation
the amendments made by
(2) EXEMPTIONS TO REPORTING.—Not later
than 1 year after the date on which the Di-
rector issues the
section 2232(b) of the Homeland Security Act
of 2002, as added by section 6103 of this title,
the Comptroller General of the United States

===== PAGE 233 =====
{"alpha_words": 1182, "chars": 8575, "method": "ocr", "page": 233, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
shall submit to the Committee on Homeland
SEC. 6203. CONSOLIDATION OF DEFINITIONS.
Security and Governmental Affairs
Senate and the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity of the House of Representatives a re-
land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 651) is
amended by inserting before the subtitle A
the exemptions to reporting under
paragraphs (2) and (5) of section 2232(a) of the
Homeland Security Act of 2002,
«Except as otherwise specifically provided,
section 6103 of this title, which
(A) to the extent practicable,
tion of the quantity of incidents not reported
to the Federal Government;
'(1) AGENCY.—The term
means
the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-
pacted entities, homeland security, and the
national economy of the ransomware crimi-
nal ecosystem of incidents and ransom pay-
ments, including a discussion on the scope of
impact of incidents that were not reported to
the Federal Government;
'agency information' means information col-
lected or maintained by or on behalf of an
term 'agency information system' means an
agency or by another entity on behalf of an
and otherwise, on entities required to report
cyber incidents under this Act, including an
analysis of entities that meet the definition
of a small organization and would be exempt
from ransom payment reporting but not for
being a covered entity; and
(D) a description of the consequences and
3 POem a Congress congressional.
(f) REPORT ON EFFECTIVENESS OF ENFORCE-
MENT MECHANISMS.-
after the date on which the Director issues
the final rule required under section 2232(b)
of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as
added by section 6103 of this title, the Direc-
tor shall submit to the Committee on Home-
land Security and Governmental
the Senate and the Committee on Homeland
Security of the House of Representatives a
report on the effectiveness of the enforce-
ment mechanisms within section 2234 of the
'(A) the Committee on Homeland Security
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and
'(B) the Committee on Homeland Security
of the House of Representatives.
'(5) CLOUD SERVICE PROVIDER.—The term
'cloud service provider' means an entity of-
fering products or services related to cloud
computing, as defined by the National Insti-
tutes of Standards and Technology in NIST
Special Publication 800-145 and any amend-
section 6103 of this title.
TITLE LXII-CISA TECHNICAL CORREC-
TIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 2021
This title may be cited as the "CISA Tech-
nical Corrections and Improvements Act of
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subtitle A of title XXII of
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C.
(1) by redesignating section 2217 (6 U.S.C.
(2) by redesignating section 2216 (6 U.S.C.
(3) by redesignating the fourth section 2215
(relating to Sector Risk Management Agen-
cies) (6 U.S.C. 665d) as section 2218;
(4) by redesignating the third section 2215
(relating to the Cybersecurity State Coordi-
nator) (6 U.S.C. 665c) as section 2217; and
(5) by redesignating the second section 2215
(relating to the Joint Cyber Planning Office)
(6 U.S.C. 665b) as section 2216.
MENTS.—Section 2202(c) of the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 652(c)) is amend-
(1) in the first paragraph (12), by striking
"section 2215" and inserting "section 2217";
(2) by redesignating the second and third
paragraphs (12) as paragraphs (13) and (14),
(C) ADDITIONAL TECHNICAL AMENDMENT.-
(1) AMENDMENT.—Section 904(b)(1) of the
DOTGOV Act of 2020 (title IX of division U of
Public Law 116-260) is amended, in the mat-
ter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking
"Homeland Security Act of 2002".
made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as if
enacted as part of the DOTGOV Act of 2020
(title IX of division U of Public Law 116-260).
CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE INFORMA-
-The term 'critical infrastructure in-
formation' means information not custom-
arily in the public domain and related to the
security of critical infrastructure or pro-
'(A) actual, potential, or threatened inter-
ference with, attack on, compromise of, or
incapacitation of critical infrastructure or
protected systems by either physical or com-
puter-based attack or other similar conduct
(including the misuse of or unauthorized ac-
cess to all types of communications and data
transmission systems) that violates Federal,
State, or local law, harms interstate com-
merce of the United States, or threatens
"(B) the ability of any critical infrastruc-
ture or protected system to resist such inter-
ference, compromise,
or incapacitation,
cluding any planned or past assessment, pro-
jection, or estimate of the vulnerability of
critical infrastructure or a protected system,
including security testing,
thereto, risk management planning, or risk
'(C) any planned or past operational prob-
lem or solution regarding critical infrastruc-
ture or protected systems, including repair,
recovery, reconstruction, insurance, or con-
tinuity, to the extent it is related to such in-
terference, compromise, or incapacitation.
November 4, 2021
trol or exploitation of a security vulner-
"(E) malicious cyber command and con-
'(F) the actual or potential harm caused
by an incident, including a description of the
information exfiltrated as a result of a par-
ticular cybersecurity threat;
"(G) any other attribute of a cybersecurity
threat, if disclosure of such attribute is not
otherwise prohibited by law; or
'(H) any combination thereof.
'cybersecurity purpose' means the purpose of
protecting an information system or infor-
that is stored on, processed by, or
transiting an information system from a cy-
bersecurity threat or security vulnerability.
CYBERSECURITY RISK.—The term
'(A) means threats to and vulnerabilities
of information or information systems and
any related consequences caused by or re-
sulting from unauthorized access, use,
or destruction of such information
information systems, including such related
consequences caused by an act of terrorism;
'(B) does not include any action that sole-
ly involves a violation of a consumer term of
service or a consumer licensing agreement.
'(10) CYBERSECURITY THREAT.-
'(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in
subparagraph (B),
the term 'cybersecurity
means an action, not protected by
the First Amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, on or through an informa-
tion system that may result in an unauthor-
ized effort to adversely impact the security,
availability, confidentiality, or integrity of
an information system or information that
is stored on, processed by, or transiting an
"(B) ExcLusION.—The term 'cybersecurity
threat' does not include any action that sole-
ly involves a violation of a consumer term of
service or a consumer licensing agreement.
'(11) DEFENSIVE MEASURE.
'(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in
subparagraph (B), the term 'defensive meas-
ure' means an action, device, procedure, sig-
nature, technique, or other measure applied
that is stored on, processed by, or transiting
system that
vents, or mitigates a known or suspected cy-
bersecurity threat or security vulnerability.
measure' does not include a measure that de-
stroys, renders unusable, provides unauthor-
ized access to, or substantially harms an in-
formation system or information stored on,
processed by, or transiting such information
'(i) the entity operating the measure; or
"(ii) another entity or Federal entity that
is authorized to provide consent and has pro-
vided consent to that private entity for oper-
'(12) HOMELAND
that is necessary to describe or identify
malicious reconnaissance,
anomalous patterns of communications that
appear to be transmitted for the purpose of
gathering technical information related to a
"(B) a method of defeating a security con-
a security vulner-
'(C) a security vulnerability,
anomalous activity that appears to indicate
the existence of a security vulnerability;
'(D) a method of causing a
gitimate access to an information system or
information that is stored on, processed by,
or transiting an information system to un-
wittingly enable the defeat of a security con-
governmental entities involved in homeland
security, including Federal, State, local, and
Tribal government officials, private sector
representatives, academics, and other policy
"(13) INCIDENT.—The term 'incident' means
an occurrence that actually or imminently
jeopardizes, without lawful authority, the in-
tegrity, confidentiality, or availability of in-
formation on an information system, or ac-
lawful authority, an information system.
'(14) INFORMATION SHARING
ORGANIZATION.—The term 'Information Shar-
ing and Analysis Organization'

===== PAGE 234 =====
{"alpha_words": 996, "chars": 7584, "method": "ocr", "page": 234, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
formal or informal entity or collaboration
created or employed by public or private sec-
tor organizations, for purposes of-
'(A) gathering and analyzing critical infra-
tion related to cybersecurity risks and inci-
dents, in order to better understand security
and interdependencies related
critical infrastructure, including cybersecu-
rity risks and incidents, and protected sys-
tems, so as to ensure the availability, integ-
rity, and reliability thereof;
'(B) communicating or disclosing critical
infrastructure information, including cyber-
security risks and incidents, to help prevent,
detect, mitigate, or recover from the effects
of a interference, compromise, or a incapaci-
tation problem related to critical infrastruc-
ture, including cybersecurity risks and inci-
dents, or protected systems; and
'(C) voluntarily disseminating critical in-
frastructure information, including cyberse-
curity risks and incidents, to its members,
and Federal Governments,
any other entities that may be of assistance
in carrying out the purposes specified in sub-
'(15) INFORMATION SYSTEM.—The term 'in-
formation system' has the meaning given the
term in section 3502 of title 44, United States
'(16) INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY.—The term
given the term in section 3(4) of the National
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)).
term 'managed service provider' means an
work, application, infrastructure, or security
services, via ongoing and regular support and
active administration on the premises of a
in the data center of the entity
(such as hosting), or in a third party data
"(18) MONITOR.—The term 'monitor' means
to acquire, identify, or scan, or to possess,
information that is stored on, processed by,
or transiting an information system.
'(19) NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY
ACTIVITIES.—The term 'national cy-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
such as a denial of service attack, to inter-
rupt or disrupt the operations of an informa-
the confiden-
tiality, availability, or integrity of elec-
transiting an information system to extort a
demand for a ransom payment; and
"(B) does not include any such event where
the demand for payment is made by a Fed-
eral Government entity, good faith security
research, or in response to an invitation by
or operator of the information
vulnerabilities in the information system.
"(23) SECTOR RISK MANAGEMENT AGENCY.—
The term 'Sector Risk Management Agency'
means a Federal department or agency,
"subsection (C)" and inserting "sub-
(E) in subsection (j), as so redesignated, by
(F) in subsection (n), as so redesignated-
(i) in paragraph (2)(A),
(ii) in paragraph (3)(B)(i), by striking "sub-
(A) by striking subsection (a);
through (d) as subsections (a) through (c), re-
(C) in subsection (b), as so redesignated—
analysis organizations (as defined in section
2222(5))" and inserting 'Information Sharing
and Analysis Organizations'; and
tional knowledge and specialized expertise of
as well as leading,
facilitating, or
supporting programs and associated activi-
ties of its designated critical infrastructure
sector in the all hazards environment in co-
ordination with the Department.
'security vulnerability' means any attribute
of hardware, software, process, or procedure
that could enable or facilitate the defeat of
"(25) SHARING.
-The term 'sharing' (includ-
conjugations thereof) means pro-
viding, receiving, and disseminating (includ-
ing all conjugations of each such terms).
'(26) SUPPLY CHAIN COMPROMISE.
'supply chain compromise' means a cyber in-
cident within the supply chain of an infor-
mation technology system
versary jeopardizes the confidentiality,
technology system or the information
stores, or transmits,
can occur at any point during the life cycle.
'(27) VIRTUAL CURRENCY.—The term
tual currency' means the digital representa-
tion of value that functions as a medium of
exchange, a unit of account, or a store of
'(28) VIRTUAL CURRENCY ADDRESS.-
unique public cryptographic key identifying
the location to which a virtual currency pay-
ment can be made."
The Homeland Security Act of 2002
(6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended-
(1) by amending section 2201 to read as fol-
(D) in subsection (c), as so redesignated, by
striking "subsection (C)" and inserting "sub-
(7) in section 2211, by striking subsection
(8) in section 2212, by striking "informa-
tion sharing and analysis organizations (as
defined in section 2222(5))" and inserting 'In-
(9) in section 2213-
(A) by striking subsection (a);
through (f) as subsections (a) through (e); re-
(C) in subsection (b), as so redesignated, by
"subsection (b)"
pears and inserting "subsection (a)";
(D) in subsection (c), as so redesignated, in
the matter preceding paragraph (1),
"subsection (b)"
(E) in subsection (d), as so redesignated—
the matter preceding subparagraph
(II) in subparagraph (A), by striking "sub-
'(A) furnishing cybersecurity technical as-
sistance to entities affected by cybersecurity
vulnerabilities, and reduce impacts of cyber
'(B) identifying other entities that may be
at risk of an incident and assessing risk to
the same or similar vulnerabilities;
risks to a sector or region, including poten-
tial cascading effects, and developing courses
of action to mitigate such risks;
'(D) facilitating information sharing and
(III) in subparagraph (B), by striking "sub-
and inserting
'(E) providing guidance on how best to uti-
lize Federal resources and capabilities in a
timely, effective manner to speed recovery
from cybersecurity risks.
meaning given the term in section 11103 of
title 40, United States Code.
'(21) RANSOM PAYMENT.—The term 'ransom
money or other property or asset, including
or any portion thereof,
which has at any time been delivered as ran-
som in connection with a ransomware
'(A) means a cyber incident that includes
the threat of use of unauthorized or mali-
cious code on an information system, or the
threat of use of another digital mechanism
"In this subtitle, the term 'Cybersecurity
means the advisory
subsection (a)(1), by striking '(in
this subtitle referred to as the Agency)";
(B) in subsection (f)-
(i) in paragraph (1), by inserting 'Execu-
(ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting "Execu-
tive" before 'Assistant Director':
(3) in section 2203(a)(2), by striking 'as the
'Executive Assistant Director'";
(4) in section 2204(a)(2), by striking 'as the
'Executive Assistant Director'";
(A) by striking subsection (a);
section (c)(2)"
(10) in section 2216, as so redesignated—
(A) by striking subsection (a);
redesignating
through (h) as subsections (a) through (g),
(C) in subsection (a), as so redesignated—
(i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1),
by striking "subsection (e)" and inserting
(ii) in paragraph (1), by
section (c)" and inserting "subsection (b)";
(iii) in paragraph (2), by striking "sub-
section (c)" and inserting "subsection (b)";
(D) in subsection (b)(4), as so redesig-
(i) by striking "subsection (e)" and insert-
ing "subsection (d)"; and
(ii) by striking "subsection (h)" and insert-
through (o) as subsections (a) through (n),
(E) in subsection (d), as so redesignated, by
striking 'subsection (b)(1)" each place it ap-
(C) in subsection (c)(1)(A)(iii), as so redes-
pears and inserting "subsection (a)(1)";
(F) in subsection (e), as so redesignated—
fined under section 3(4) of the National Secu-
(i) by striking 'subsection (b)" and insert-
rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))';
ing "subsection (a)';
(D) in subsection (d), as so redesignated, in
(ii) by striking "subsection (e)" and insert-
the matter preceding paragraph (1), by strik- ing "subsection (d)'; and

===== PAGE 235 =====
{"alpha_words": 1039, "chars": 7993, "method": "ocr", "page": 235, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(iii) by striking "subsection (b)(1)" and in-
serting "subsection (a)(1)"; and
(G) in subsection (f), as so redesignated, by
striking "subsection (C)" and inserting "sub-
(11) in section 2217, as so redesignated, by
striking subsection (f) and inserting the fol-
'(f) CYBER DEFENSE OPERATION DEFINED.—
In this section, the term 'cyber defense oper-
ation' means the use of a defensive meas-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(i) in paragraph (1), by striking "section
2213" and inserting "section 2200";
(ii) in paragraph (4), by striking
and inserting "section 2210(a)(1)';
(iii) in paragraph (5), by striking "section
2213(b)" and inserting "section 2213(a)"; and
(B) in subsection (c)(1)(A)(vi), by striking
and inserting
2213(b)(5)'; and
(4) in section 227(b) (6 U.S.C. 1525(b)), by
(A) by striking paragraphs (3), (5), and (8);
(B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
(C) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7)
as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively.
(C) TABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENTS.—The
table of contents in section 1(b) of the Home-
land Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107-296;
(1) by inserting before the item relating to
subtitle A of title XXII the following:
"Sec. 2200. Definitions.";
(2) by striking the item relating to section
2201 and inserting the following:
"Sec. 2201. Definition."; and
(3) by striking the second item relating to
section 2215 and all that follows through the
item relating to section 2217 and inserting
"Sec. 2216. Cybersecurity State Coordinator.
'Sec. 2217. Joint Cyber Planning Office.
"Sec. 2218. Duties and authorities relating
"Sec. 2220. Cybersecurity
Training Programs."
Section 102 of the Cybersecurity Act
of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501) is amended-
(1) by striking paragraphs (4) through (7)
(b) PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICE ACT.—Section
2811(b)(4)(D) of the Public Health Service Act
(42 U.S.C. 300hh-10(b)(4)(D)) is amended by
striking "section 228(c) of the Homeland Se-
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 149(C))"
serting 'section 2210(c) of the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002".
TIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT OF FIS-
CAL YEAR 2021.—Section 9002 of the William
M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (6 U.S.C.
652a) is amended-
(A) in paragraph (5), by striking
2222(5) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002
(6 U.S.C. 671(5))" and inserting "section 2200
of the Homeland Security Act of 2002'; and
(B) by amending paragraph (7) to read as
'(7) SECTOR RISK MANAGEMENT AGENCY.-
The term 'Sector Risk Management Agency'
has the meaning given the term in section
2200 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002.';
(2) in subsection (c)(3)(B), by striking "sec-
tion 2201(5) of the Homeland Security Act of
2002(6 U.S.C. 651(5))' and inserting
2200 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002";
November 4, 2021
SEC.
BARRY GOLDWATER SCHOLARSHIP
AND EXCELLENCE IN EDUCATION
MODERNIZATION.
(a) CLARIFYING
AMENDMENTS TO
DEFINI-
TIONS.-
-Section 1403 of the Barry Goldwater
Scholarship and Excellence in Education Act
(20 U.S.C. 4702) is amended-
(1) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting
the following:
"(5) The term 'State' means each of the 50
States, the District of Columbia, the Com-
monwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam,
the United
States Virgin Islands, American Samoa, the
Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-
lands,
the Republic of the Marshall Islands,
the Federated States of Micronesia, the Re-
public of Palau, and any other territory or
possession of the United States."; and
(2) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting
the following:
'(6) The term 'eligible person' means-
'(A) a permanent resident
alien of the
United States;
'(B) a citizen or national of the United
States;
'(C) a citizen of the Republic of the Mar-
shall Islands,
the Federated States of Micro-
nesia, or the Republic of Palau; or
'(D) any person who may be admitted to
lawfully engage in occupations and establish
residence as a nonimmigrant in the
United
States as permitted under the Compact of
Free
Association
agreements with
the
Re-
public of the Marshall Islands, the Federated
States
of Micronesia, and the Republic of
Palau.
(b) BARRY GOLDWATER SCHOLARSHIP
AND
EXCELLENCE IN EDUCATION AWARDS.-
(1) Section 1405(a) of the Barry Goldwater
Scholarship
and Excellence
in
Education
Program (20 U.S.C. 4704(a)) is amended-
(A) in the subsection heading, by striking
"AWARD OF SCHOLARSHIPS AND FELLOWSHIPS"
FELLOWSHIPS, AND RESEARCH INTERNSHIPS";
(B) in paragraph (1)-
'cybersecurity
the meaning
given the term in section 2200 of the Home-
'cybersecurity threat' has the meaning given
the term in section 2200 of the Homeland Se-
'(6) CYBER THREAT INDICATOR.—The term
'cyber threat indicator'
given the term in section 2200 of the Home-
'(7) DEFENSIVE MEASURE.—The term 'defen-
sive measure' has the meaning given the
term in section 2200 of the Homeland Secu-
rity Act of 2002.";
(2) by striking paragraph (13) and inserting
ing 'section 2218"; and
striking ", as added by this sec-
(d) NATIONAL SECURITY ACT OF 1947.—Sec-
tion 113B of the National Security Act of 1947
(50 U.S.C. 3049a(b)(4)) is amended by striking
"section 226 of the Homeland Security Act of
and inserting
2206 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002"
(e) IOT CYBERSECURITY IMPROVEMENT ACT
OF 2020.—Section 5(b)(3) of the IoT Cyberse-
curity Improvement Act of 2020 (15 U.S.C.
and inserting "section 2209(1)'.
U.S.C. 648(a)(8)(B)) is amended by striking
and research internships"each place
the term appears; and
"science and mathematics'
neering, and mathematics";
(C) in paragraph (2), by striking 'mathe-
matics and the natural sciences''
ing 'the natural sciences, engineering, and
mathematics';
(D) in paragraph (3), by striking "mathe-
matics and the natural sciences" and insert-
ing 'the natural sciences, engineering, and
mathematics';
(E) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
(F) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by
"scholarships and fellowships" and
"scholarships, fellowships, and re-
search internships"; and
(G) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
'(4) Research internships shall be awarded
to outstanding undergraduate students who
the meaning given the term in section 2200 of
the Homeland Security Act of 2002."; and
(3) by striking paragraph (17) and inserting
'(17) SECURITY VULNERABILITY.—The term
'security vulnerability'
has the meaning
given the term in section 2200 of the Home-
SEC. 6204. ADDITIONAL TECHNICAL AND CON-
(a) FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY ENHANCEMENT
-The Federal Cybersecurity En-
hancement Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1521 et seq.)
(1) in section 222 (6 U.S.C. 1521)-
(A) in paragraph (2), by striking
2210" and inserting 'section 2200"; and
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking
2209'' and inserting 'section 2200';
section 223 (6 U.S.C. 151 note), by
striking "section 2213(b)(1)" each place it ap-
pears and inserting "section 2213(a)(1)";
(g) TITLE 46.—Section 70101(2) of title 46,
United States Code, is amended by striking
"section 227 of the Homeland Security Act of
and inserting
2200 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002".
SA 4517. Mr. KELLY (for himself, Ms.
COLLINS, Ms. SINEMA, Mrs.
and Mr. WYDEN) submitted an amend-
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy,
to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
which shall be prioritized for students at-
tending community colleges."
(2) Section 1405(b) of the Barry Goldwater
U.S.C. 4704(b)) is amended by
adding at the end the following: "Recipients
of research internships under this title shall
be known as 'Barry Goldwater Interns'."
Education Act (20 U.S.C. 4705) is amended by
adding at the end the following: 'Each per-
son awarded a research internship under this
title shall receive a stipend as may be pre-
scribed by the Board, which shall not exceed

===== PAGE 236 =====
{"alpha_words": 1222, "chars": 8144, "method": "ocr", "page": 236, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
the maximum stipend amount awarded for a rate provided for employees in grade GS-15
scholarship or fellowship."
of the General Schedule under section 5332 of
(d) SCHOLARSHIP AND RESEARCH INTERNSHIP
title 5, United States Code; and
Section 1407 of the Barry Gold-
"(B) the employee shall be entitled to the
water Scholarship and Excellence in
applicable locality-based comparability pay-
cation Act (20 U.S.C. 4706) is amended-
ment under section 5304 of title 5,
(1) in the section heading,
States Code, subject to the applicable limita-
"AND RESEARCH INTERNSHIP' after 'SCHOLAR-
tion established under subsection (g) of such
(2) in subsection (a)-
(A) by striking the subsection heading and
inserting 'SCHOLARSHIP CONDITIONS'; and
(B) by striking 'and devoting full time to
study or research and is not
gainful employment other than employment
approved by the Foundation';
section heading and inserting 'REPORTS ON
(4) by inserting at the end the following:
person awarded a research internship under
this title may receive payments authorized
under this title only during such periods as
the Foundation finds that the
maintaining satisfactory proficiency pursu-
ant to regulations of the Board.
'(d) REPORTS ON RESEARCH INTERNSHIPS.—
The Foundation may require reports con-
taining such information in such form and to
be filed at such times as the Foundation de-
termines to be necessary from any person
title. Such reports may be accompanied by a
appropriate official at
the institution of higher education or intern-
ship employer, approved by the Foundation,
stating that such person is maintaining sat-
isfactory progress in the internship."
(e) SUSTAINABLE INVESTMENTS OF FUNDS.—
Section 1408 of the Barry Goldwater Scholar-
and Excellence in Education
(2) in paragraph (2) by striking "grade GS-
18 under section 5332 of such title" and in-
serting 'level IV of the Executive Schedule';
(3) in paragraph (7), by striking "and"'
(4) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-
graph (10); and
(5) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
"(8) expend not more than 5 percent of the
programs that, in addition to or in conjunc-
with the Foundation's scholarship fi-
nancial awards, support the development of
Goldwater Scholars and Barry
water interns throughout their professional
'(9) expend not more than 5 percent of the
Foundation's annual operating budget to pay
the costs associated with fundraising activi-
ties, including public and private gatherings;
ment of names pursuant to subsection (a) to
address any space limitations on the place-
ment of additional names on the Vietnam
WorKs ACT.—Chapter 89 of title 40,
States Code (commonly known as the "Com-
memorative Works Act"'), shall not apply to
any activities carried out under subsection
SA 4520. Mr. THUNE submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add
SEC. 1283. SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS OF DIS-
SENT CABLES RELATING TO WITH-
DRAWAL OF THE UNITED
SA 4518. Mr. KELLY submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
section (d)" and inserting "subsection (f)";
(2) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d)
as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and
(3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
line 17, insert "currently
under contract at the installation and not"
'(C) INVESTMENT IN SECURITIES.—Notwith-
after "are not".
standing subsection (b), the Secretary of the
Treasury may invest not more than 40 per-
cent of the fund's assets in securities other
than public debt securities of the United
'(1) the Secretary receives a determina-
the Board that such investments
are necessary to enable the Foundation
carry out the purposes of this title; and
(2) the securities in which such funds are
invested are traded in established United
"(d) CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall be construed to limit the author-
ity of the Board to increase the number of
scholarships provided under section 1405, or
to increase the amount of the stipend au-
thorized by section 1406, as the Board con-
SA 4519. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself,
Mrs. GILLIBRAND, and Mr. CRAMER) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year, and for other purposes;
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
sistent with the requirements of this title.".
ADMINISTRATIVE
PROVISIONS.—Section
1411(a) of the Barry Goldwater Scholarship
• INCLUSION ON THE VIETNAM VET-
and Excellence in Education Act (20 U.S.C.
BERS OF THE U.S.S. FRANK E. EVANS
(1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting
"(1) appoint and fix the rates of basic pay
of such personnel (in addition to the Execu-
tive Secretary appointed under section 1410)
be necessary to carry out the provi-
sions of this chapter, without regard to the
of title 5, United
States Code, governing appointment in the
chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of
such title, except that-
'(A) a rate of basic pay set under this
paragraph may not exceed the maximum
after the date of enactment of this Act,
Secretary of Defense shall authorize the in-
clusion on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial
names of the 74 crew members of the U.S.S.
Frank E. Evans killed on June 3, 1969.
retary of Defense shall consult with the Sec-
retary of the Interior, the American Battle-
field Monuments Commission, and other ap-
plicable authorities with respect to any ad-
justments to the nomenclature and
(a) SUBMISSION OF CLASSIFIED DISSENT CA-
BLES TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 30 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State shall submit to Con-
gress any classified Department of State
cable or memo that expresses a dissenting
recommendation or opinion with respect to
the withdrawal of the United States Armed
(b) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF UNCLASSIFIED
after the date of the enactment of this Act.
the Secretary of State shall make available
to the public an unclassified version of any
SA 4521. Mr. THUNE submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add
SEC. 1224. REPORT ON MALIGN INFLUENCE OF
THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN.
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and annually thereafter through 2027,
Secretary of Defense, in coordination
the Secretary of State, the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence, and the Secretary of the
Treasury, shall submit to
the appropriate
committees of Congress a report on the ac-
Republic of Iran,
which is a designated state sponsor of ter-
rorism, with respect to the material, techno-
logical, financial, or other support provided
by the Islamic Republic of Iran to the fol-
(5) The Palestinian Islamic Jihad.

===== PAGE 237 =====
{"alpha_words": 1109, "chars": 7752, "method": "ocr", "page": 237, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(b) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS
priate committees of Congress'' means-
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the
Committee on Foreign Relations,
(i) in the heading, by striking "DISABILITY
DISCOUNT" and inserting 'LIFETIME PASSES';
mittee on Banking,
Housing, and Urban Af-
who provides
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the
nent Select Committee on Intelligence, and
the Committee on Financial Services of the
"(C) Any member of a Gold Star Family
who meets the
eligibility requirements
section 3.2 of Department of Defense Instruc-
1348.36 (or a successor instruction).";
Mr. PETERS submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
(C) in paragraph (3)
(i) in the heading, by striking 'GOLD STAR
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
• DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-
Section 831 of the Homeland Security Act
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) is amended
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1),
by striking "September 30, 2017' and insert-
ing "September 30, 2024'; and
(B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as
NUAL PASSES'; and
(ii) by striking "members of" and all that
follows through the end of the sentence and
"members of the uniformed serv-
ices and their dependents who
quate proof of eligibility for such pass as de-
termined by the Secretary.".
SA 4524. Mr. OSSOFF submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
appropriate place,
• REPORT BY SECRETARY OF THE NAVY
'(A) may under the authority of paragraph
(1), carry out prototype projects under sec-
tion 2371b of title 10, United States Code; and
"(B) in applying
section 2371b, shall perform the functions of
the Secretary of Defense as prescribed
Not later than June 30, 2022, the Secretary
of the Navy shall submit to the Committee
on Armed Services of the Senate
Committee on Armed Services of the House
of Representatives a report that includes the
(2) in subsection (c)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking
(1) Detailed plans of the Navy for basing
planned or potential unmanned undersea ve-
(3) in subsection (d), by striking "section
and all that follows
and inserting
"section 2371b(e) of title 10, United States
ture, personnel, and logistical requirements
docking, and
maintenance of such vehicles.
(2) An examination of the merits of locat-
ing the vehicles and squadrons described in
SA 4523. Ms. SINEMA (for herself and
paragraph (1) at sites
BOOZMAN) submitted an amend- fitting, renovation, and upgrades in support
of the transition from Ohio-class submarines
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
to Columbia-class submarines.
SA 4525. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
805 of the Federal Lands Recre-
ation Enhancement Act (Public Law 108-447;
118 Stat. 3385; 16 U.S.C. 6804) is amended-
(1) in subsection (a)(4), by striking
and disability discounted"
"age discount and lifetime"; and
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
the heading,
• RIGHTS FOR THE TSA WORKFORCE.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section—
term '2019 Determination" means
the publication entitled "Determination on
Transportation Security Officers and Collec-
tive Bargaining", issued on July 13, 2019, by
Administrator David P. Pekoske;
November 4, 2021
(2) the term "adjusted basic pay" means
(A) the rate of pay fixed by law or adminis-
trative action for a position
occupied by a
covered employee, before any
(B) any regular, fixed supplemental pay-
ment for non-overtime hours of work cred-
itable as basic pay for retirement purposes,
including any applicable locality
and any special rate supplement;
(3) the term "Administrator"
Administrator of the Transportation Secu-
(4) the term "conversion date" means the
date on which subparagraphs (A) through (D)
of subsection (b)(3) take effect;
(5) the term "covered employee" means an
employee who occupies a covered position;
position within the Transportation Security
Administration;
(7) the term "employee" has the meaning
section 2105 of title 5,
United States Code,
mined without regard to any provision of law
"Secretary" means the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security; and
(9) the term "TSA personnel management
system" means any personnel management
system established or modified under—
(A) section 111(d) of the
Transportation Security Act (49 U.S.C. 44935
(B) section 114(n) of title 49, United States
(b) CONVERSION OF TSA PERSONNEL.—
(1) RESTRICTIONS ON CERTAIN PERSONNEL AU-
THORITIES.—Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of law, effective as of the date of en-
actment of this Act-
(A) any TSA personnel management sys-
tem in use for covered employees
ered positions on the day before that date of
enactment, and any Transportation Security
Administration personnel management pol-
icy, letters, guideline, or directive in effect
on that day, may not be modified;
(B) no Transportation Security Adminis-
tration personnel management policy, letter,
guideline, or directive that was not estab-
lished before that date issued under section
111(d) of the Aviation and Transportation Se-
114(n) of title 49, United States Code, may be
(C) any authority to establish or adjust a
human resources management system under
shall terminate with respect to covered em-
ployees and covered positions.
(2) PERSONNEL AUTHORITIES DURING TRANSI-
Any TSA personnel manage-
ment system in use for covered employees
and covered positions on the day before the
date of enactment of this Act and any Trans-
portation Security Administration personnel
management policy, letter, guideline, or di-
rective in effect on the day before the date of
enactment of this Act shall remain in effect
until the effective date under paragraph (3).
(3) TRANSITION TO GENERAL PERSONNEL MAN-
AGEMENT SYSTEM APPLICABLE TO CIVIL SERV-
ICE EMPLOYEES.—Effective as of a date deter-
mined by the
later than 180 days after the date of enact-
ment of this Act-
provision of law cited in sub-
section (a) (9) is repealed;
(B) any Transportation Security Adminis-
tration personnel management policy, letter,
guideline, or directive, including the 2019 De-
termination, shall cease to be effective;
(C) any human resources management sys-
tem established or adjusted under chapter 97
of title 5, United States Code, with respect to
covered employees or covered positions shall

===== PAGE 238 =====
{"alpha_words": 1216, "chars": 8339, "method": "ocr", "page": 238, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(D) covered employees and covered posi-
tions shall be subject to the provisions of
title 5, United States Code.
SAFEGUARDS ON GRIEVANCES.—In car-
rying out this section, the Secretary shall
take such actions as are necessary to provide
an opportunity to
each covered
with a grievance or disciplinary action (in-
the Transportation Security Administration
on the date of enactment of this Act, or at
any time during the transition period de-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
tions under section 44901 of title 49, United
States Code; and
personnel described in clause (i) under chap-
ter 71 of title 5, United States Code, with full
gaining agreement covering the personnel
described in subparagraph (A)(i) that is in ef-
fect on the date of enactment of this Act
shall remain in effect, consistent with para-
(2) CONTENTS.—The report required under
paragraph (1) shall include recommendations
regarding how the Administrator
prove the recruitment efforts described in
(h) SENSE OF CONGRESS.-—It is the sense of
(1) the personnel system of the Transpor-
tation Security Administration provides in-
sufficient benefits and workplace protections
to the workforce that secures the transpor-
tation systems of the United States; and
(2) the workforce of the Transportation Se-
protections and benefits under title 5, United
(i) FEDERAL AIR MARSHAL SERVICE.—The
Administrator shall
United States Code, or continued
(1) NONREDUCTION IN PAY AND COMPENSA-
(A) IN GENERAL.—Subject to subparagraph
(B), under pay conversion rules as the Sec-
retary may prescribe to carry out this sec-
tion, a covered employee converted from a
TSA personnel management system to the
under subsection (b)(3)(D) shall not be sub-
ject to any reduction in the rate of adjusted
basic pay payable, or total compensation
provided, to that covered employee.
employee of the Federal Air Marshal Service
converted from a TSA personnel
ment system to the provisions of title
(b)(3)(D) shall be converted such that the
rate of adjusted basic pay payable to the em-
ployee is not less than that rate for a posi-
tion at GS-13 of the General Schedule.
(2) PRESERVATION OF OTHER RIGHTS.—With
respect to each covered employee, as of the
any actions necessary to ensure that-
(A) any annual leave, sick leave, or other
wise available to the covered employee, as of
the day before the conversion date, shall re-
main available to the covered employee until
(B) the Government share of any premiums
or other periodic charges under chapter 89 of
title 5, United States Code, governing group
health insurance shall be paid in an amount
that is not less than the amount paid for
those premiums and other periodic charges,
as of the day before the conversion date.
(3) GAO STUDY ON TSA PAY
later than 270 days after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of
the United States shall submit to Congress a
report on the differences in
classified by pay system, between Transpor-
tation Security Administration employees-
(A) with duty stations in the contiguous 48
duty stations outside
States described in subparagraph (A), includ-
ing those employees located in any territory
or possession of the United States.
OF CONSTRUCTION.—During the
transition period described in subsection
(b)(3), and after the conversion date, the Sec-
retary shall ensure that the Transportation
Security Administration continues to pre-
have been convicted of a sex crime, an of-
fense involving a minor, a crime of violence,
(d) CONSULTATION REQUIREMENT.—
(1) EXCLUSIVE REPRESENTATIVE.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—The labor organization
certified by the Federal Labor Relations Au-
thority on June 29, 2011, or a successor labor
-Not later than 7 days
after the date of enactment of this Act, the
Secretary shall consult with the exclusive
representative for the personnel described in
paragraph (1)(A)(i) under chapter 71 of title 5,
United States Code, as well as appropriate
labor associations that represent a substan-
tial percentage of employees, on the formu-
lation of plans and deadlines to carry out the
conversion of covered employees and covered
positions under this section.
Before the conversion date,
the Secretary shall provide (in writing) to
the exclusive representative and labor asso-
plans for how the Secretary intends to carry
out the conversion of covered employees and
covered positions under this section, includ-
ing with respect to such matters as
(i) the anticipated conversion date; and
(ii) measures to ensure compliance with
under paragraph (2) by the
exclusive rep-
(A) consider the views or recommendations
ommendations are presented; and
the exclusive representative
and those labor associations a written state-
ment of the reasons for the final actions to
(4) SUNSET PROVISION.—The provisions of
this subsection shall cease to be effective as
(e) No RIGHT TO STRIKE.— Nothing in this
section may be considered-
(1) to repeal or otherwise affect-
(A) section 1918 of title 18, United States
Code (relating to disloyalty and asserting
the right to strike against the Government);
(B) section 7311 of title 5, United States
Code (relating to loyalty and striking); or
(2) to otherwise
that is not permitted under either provision
of law cited in paragraph (1).
(f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION WITH RESPECT TO
CERTAIN CRIMES RELATING TO TERRORISM.—
Nothing in this section may be construed to
contradict chapter 113B of title 18,
States Code, including with respect to-
(1) section 2332b (relating to acts of ter-
rorism transcending national boundaries);
concealing terrorists); and
(3) section 2339A (relating to providing ma-
terial support to terrorists).
(g) REPORT BY GAO REGARDING TSA RE-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-
troller General of the United States shall
submit to Congress a report on the efforts of
the Administrator regarding recruitment, in-
cluding recruitment efforts relating to-
(A) veterans and the dependents of vet-
(i) treated as the exclusive representative
and part-time non-supervisory per-
sonnel of the Transportation Security
(B) members of the Armed Forces and the
ministration carrying out screening func- dependents of those members.
health programs at each field office of the
Federal Air Marshal Service that offer, at a
(2) consult with appropriate labor associa-
tions that represent a substantial percentage
of Federal Air Marshal Service employees re-
garding, with respect to those employees-
(A) mental health;
(B) suicide rates;
(C) morale and recruitment;
(D) equipment and training; and
(E) any other personnel issues the Admin-
istrator determines appropriate.
(1) DEFINITIONS.-In this subsection, the
terms "disabled veteran",
"preference eligi-
ble", and "veteran" have the meanings given
the terms in section 2108 of title 5,
(2) PRIORITIZATION.—The Secretary
prioritize the appointment of veterans, in-
erence eligibles, including widows and wid-
owers of veterans, to covered positions.
CERTAIN ILLNESS.—The Administrator, in co-
ordination with the Director of the Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention and the
Director of the National Institute of Allergy
and Infectious Diseases, shall ensure that
covered employees are provided proper guid-
ance regarding prevention
against coronavirus, including appropriate
SA 4526. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022 for
military activities of the Department
for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add
SEC. 1253. BRIEFING ON SYNCHRONIZATION OF
IMPLEMENTATION OF PACIFIC DE-
TERRENCE INITIATIVE AND EURO-
PEAN DETERRENCE INITIATIVE.
(a) BRIEFING.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act, the
Deputy Secretary of Defense shall provide to
briefing on the synchronization of the proc-
esses used to implement the Pacific Deter-
rence Initiative with the processes used to
implement the European Deterrence Initia-
tive, including-
(1) the allocation of fiscal toplines in the
program objective memorandum process to

===== PAGE 239 =====
{"alpha_words": 1181, "chars": 7968, "method": "ocr", "page": 239, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
such initiatives at the outset of for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
(2) the role of the combatant commanders
in setting requirements for such initiatives;
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
and other components of the Armed Forces
in proposing programmatic options to meet
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
(4) the role of the combatant commanders,
the military departments and other compo-
nents of the Armed Forces, the Cost Assess-
ment and Program Evaluation Office, and
Secretary of Defense in adjudi-
cating requirements and programmatic op-
CBP DONATIONS ACCEPTANCE PRO-
(A) before the submission of the program
objective memorandum for each such initia-
section may be
CBP Donations Acceptance
Program Reauthorization Act'
(b) INCLUSION OF GOVERNMENT-LEASED LAND
PoRTs oF ENTRY; REAUTHORIZATION.-
482 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6
U.S.C. 301a) is amended-
(B) during program review.
-In establishing program ob-
jective memorandum guidance for fiscal year
2024, the Deputy Secretary of Defense shall
ensure that the processes used to implement
the Pacific Deterrence Initiative align with
the processes used to implement the Euro-
(A) in subparagraph (B), by inserting "or
-leased" before "land";
(B) in subparagraph (C), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by inserting
(2) in subsection (b)(4)—
(A) in subparagraph (A), by striking "ter-
through the allocation of fiscal toplines for
each such initiative in the fiscal year 2024
"terminate on December 31, 2026."; and
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking 'car-
rying out" and all that follows and inserting
proposal accepted for
U.S. Customs and Border Protection pursu-
ant to this section or a prior pilot program
before such termination date."
(1) IN GENERAL.-The Comptroller General
of the United States shall submit a biennial
report to Congress that describes the activi-
ties of the CBP Donations Acceptance Pro-
Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C.
(2) SUNSET.—Paragraph (1) shall cease to be
effective on December 31, 2026.
November 4, 2021
knowingly operating in a military capacity
inside Syria for, or on behalf of, the Govern-
ment of Syria, the Government of the Rus-
sian Federation, or the Government of Iran;
Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)
with respect to Syria or any other provision
of law that imposes sanctions with respect to
(2) knowingly involve the sale or provision
of significant goods, services, technology, in-
significantly facilitate the maintenance, re-
pair, or expansion of the Government of Syr-
ia's domestic production of natural gas, pe-
pipelines that facilitate the transit of energy
into neighboring countries.
Not later than 90 days after
the date of the enactment of this
Secretary of State shall submit to the appro-
SA 4527. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself
WHITEHOUSE) submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
strengths for
such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the
SEC. 1054. REPORT ON SHARING OF ILLEGAL, UN-
(IUU) FISHING-RELATED INFORMA-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the
congressional defense committees and the
Transportation of the Senate and the Com-
House of Representatives a report on the
ability and effectiveness of, and barriers to,
the Department of Defense related to the dis-
semination and generation of IUU fishing-re-
the sharing of Department of Defense infor-
mation with other countries, state and local
governments, and private organizations.
-The report required under
subsection (a) shall include-
(1) a description of the challenges resulting
and ways to overcome,
and dissemination issues related to the shar-
ing of invaluable IUU fishing-related infor-
(2) a description of the current and future
planned use by the Department of Defense of
technology, including image recognition al-
(1) details United States efforts to work
with other governments in the region to de-
velop a plan for the distribution of gas sup-
plies to Lebanon in a manner that reduces
Lebanon's dependence on Iran;
natives to the Arab Gas Pipeline were pur-
sued and considered feasible;
(3) includes a comprehensive overview of
the key sources of Lebanon's gas supply be-
(4) the response of the Administration to
fuel from Iran
entering Lebanon,
larly amid reports that additional
(5) a list of entities involved in the produc-
tion and transport of fuel from Syria to Leb-
(d) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS
DEFINED.—The
term "appropriate commit-
SA 4528. Mr. CORNYN submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add
SEC. 1283. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR
THE ARAB GAS PIPELINE.
(a) IN GENERAL.—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-
wise made available for fiscal year 2022 may
be obligated or expended to implement any
activity relating to the construction, repair,
restoration, or assessment of the Arab Gas
(b) CERTIFICATION.—The Secretary of State
may waive the application of subsection (a)
if, not less than 30 days before the date on
an activity described in that
section is proposed to commence, the sec-
retary of State certifies to the appropriate
committees of Congress in writing that the
implementation of the activity does not-
(1) knowingly provide significant financial,
material, or technological support to,
volve knowingly engaging in a significant
transaction with
(A) the Government of Syria (including
any entity owned or controlled by
ernment of Syria) or a senior political figure
of the Government of Syria;
(B) a foreign person who is a military con-
and the Committee on Armed Services of the
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
SA 4530. Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for him-
self and Mr. SULLIVAN) submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of title X, add the following:
Subtitle H-Foreign Service Families Act of
SECTION 1071. SHORT TITLE.
This subtitle may be cited as the 'Foreign
Service Families Act of 2021'
SEC. 1072. TELECOMMUTING OPPORTUNITIES.
(a) DETO POLICY.-
(1) IN GENERAL.—Each Federal department
and agency shall establish a policy enumer-
ployees may be permitted
perform work requirements and duties from
approved overseas locations where there is a
related Foreign Service assignment pursuant
to an approved Domestically Employed Tele-
working Overseas (DETO) agreement.
PARTICIPATION —The policy

===== PAGE 240 =====
{"alpha_words": 1301, "chars": 8652, "method": "ocr", "page": 240, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(A) ensure that telework does not diminish
employee performance or agency operations;
(B) require a written agreement that-
(i) is entered into between an agency man-
telework, that outlines the specific work ar-
rangement that is agreed to; and
(ii) is mandatory in order for any employee
(C) provide that an employee may not be
authorized to telework if the performance of
that employee does not comply with
terms of the written agreement between the
agency manager and that employee;
(D) except in emergency situations as de-
termined by the head of an agency, not apply
to any employee of the agency whose official
duties require on a daily basis (every work
(i) direct handling of secure materials de-
termined to be inappropriate for telework by
the agency head; or
(ii) on-site activity that cannot be handled
remotely or at an alternate worksite;
(E) be incorporated as part
tinuity of operations plans of the agency in
the event of an emergency; and
which employees may be permitted to tem-
porarily perform work requirements and du-
ties from approved overseas locations.
(b) ACCESS TO ICASS SYSTEM.-
than 90 days after the date of the enactment
the Secretary of State shall re-
vise chapter 900 of volume 6 of the Foreign
Manual, the International Coopera-
tive Administrative Support Services Hand-
Personnel Operations Handbook,
and any other relevant regulations to allow
each Federal agency that has enacted a pol-
icy under subsection (a) to have access to the
Support Services (ICASS) system.
SEC. 1073. EMPLOYMENT AND EDUCATION PRO-
GRAMS FOR ELIGIBLE FAMILY MEM-
OF MEMBERS OF THE FOR-
Section 706(b) of the Foreign Service Act of
1980 (22 U.S.C. 4026(b)) is amended—
(A) by striking 'The Secretary may" and
inserting 'The Secretary shall"; and
(B) by amending subparagraph (C) to read
"(C) establishing a program for assisting
eligible family members in accessing em-
ployment and education opportunities, as ap-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
"(C) to ensure that an eligible family
member who applies for a vacant position in
Department shall, to the
ticable, be considered for any such position
located in the same country as the perma-
sponsoring em-
"(3) Nothing in this section may be con-
strued to provide an eligible family member
with entitlement or preference in hiring over
an individual who is preference eligible.
Secretary, a chief of mission may, consistent
with all applicable laws and regulations per-
taining to the ICASS system, make available
to an eligible family member and a non-De-
partment entity space in an embassy or con-
sulate for the purpose of the non-Department
employment-related train-
ing for eligible family members.
"(5) The Secretary may work with the Di-
ment and the heads of other Federal depart-
ments and agencies to expand and facilitate
the use of existing Federal programs and re-
sources in support of eligible family member
'(6) The Secretary may-
'(A) develop partnerships with firms in the
private sector to enhance employment op-
portunities for eligible family members and
to provide for improved job portability for
such spouses, especially in the case of an eli-
gible family member accompanying a spon-
soring employee to a new geographical area
because of a change of permanent duty sta-
tion of the sponsoring employee; and
"(B) work with the United States Chamber
of Commerce and other appropriate private-
sector entities to facilitate the formation of
'(7) The Secretary may prescribe regula-
tions to incorporate hiring preferences for
eligible family members of sponsoring em-
ployees into contracts between the Depart-
ment and private sector entities.
'(8)(A) The Secretary of State may enter
into a cooperative agreement with the Coun-
cil of State Governments to assist with fund-
ing of the development of interstate com-
pacts on licensed occupations in order to al-
censing in such an occupation by an eligible
family member in connection with a perma-
nent change of duty station of their spon-
soring employee.
'(B) The total amount of assistance pro-
vided under subparagraph (A) for all inter-
state compacts in any fiscal year may not
"(C) The amount provided under subpara-
graph (A) as assistance for the development
oi any particular interstate compact may
"(D) Not later than February 28 each year,
the Secretary shall submit to the Committee
on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House
compacts described in subparagraph (A) de-
veloped through assistance provided under
S8047
(4) by adding after paragraph (9), as redes-
ignated by paragraph (2) of this subsection,
the following new paragraph:
'(10) In this subsection, the term 'eligible
family member' refers to family members of
hired for service at their post of residence
who are appointed by the Secretary of State
or the Administrator of the United States
Agency for International Development pur-
suant to sections 102, 202, 303, and 311."
SEC. 1074. BRIEFING ON FOREIGN SERVICE FAM-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 120 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State shall brief the appro-
priate congressional committees on the sta-
tus of implementation of the Foreign Service
-The briefing required under
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-
(1) A description of the status of implemen-
Foreign Service Family Re-
serve Corps (FSFRC).
(2) An assessment of the extent to which
implementation was impacted by
partment's hiring freeze and a detailed ex-
planation of the effect of any such impacts.
(3) A description of the status of implemen-
tation of a hiring preference for the FSFRC.
(4) A detailed accounting of any individ-
uals eligible for membership in the FSFRC
who were unable to begin working at a new
location as a result of being unable to trans-
fer their security clearance, including an as-
sessment of whether they would have been
able to port their clearance as a member of
the FSFRC if the program had been fully im-
(5) An estimate of the number of individ-
worldwide and the categories, as detailed in
the Under Secretary for Management's guid-
ance dated May 3, 2016, under which those in-
(6) An estimate of the number of individ-
uals who are enrolled in the FSFRC world-
wide and the categories, as detailed in the
Under Secretary for Management's guidance
dated May 3, 2016, under which those individ-
(7) An estimate of the number of individ-
uals who were enrolled in each phase of the
implementation of the FSFRC as detailed in
guidance issued by the Under Secretary for
(8) An estimate of the number of individ-
uals enrolled in the FSFRC who have suc-
cessfully transferred a security clearance to
a new post since implementation of the pro-
(9) An estimate of the number of individ-
uals enrolled in the FSFRC who have been
clearance to a new post since implementa-
tion of the program began.
(10) An estimate of the number of individ-
uals who have declined in writing to apply to
APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL
1784 and 1784a of title 10, United States Code,
and subject to such regulations as the Sec-
prescribed pursuant to subsection (b) of such
(2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
'(2) The Secretary shall prescribe regula-
'(A) to provide preference to eligible fam-
ily members in hiring for any civilian posi-
tion in the Department, notwithstanding the
prohibition on marital discrimination found
in 5 U.S.C. 2302(b)(1)(E), if —
"(i) the eligible family member is
persons determined to be best qualified for
"(ii) the position is located in the overseas
of assignment of their sponsoring
"(B) to ensure that notice of any vacant
position in the Department is provided in a
manner reasonably designed to reach eligible
whose permanent duty stations are
same country as that in which the position is
'(i) Any interstate compact developed dur-
ing the preceding calendar year, including
occupational licenses covered by such
compact and the States agreeing to enter
Any interstate compact developed
during a prior calendar year into which one
agreed to enter
during the preceding calendar year.
"(E) The authority to enter into a coopera-
tive agreement under subparagraph (A), and
to provide assistance described in that sub-
agreement, expire on September 30, 2024.";
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations
and the Committee on Appropriations of the
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
SEC. 1075. TREATMENT OF FAMILY MEMBERS
SEEKING POSITIONS CUSTOMARILY
FILLED BY FOREIGN SERVICE OFFI-
CERS OR FOREIGN NATIONAL EM-
Section 311 of the Foreign Service Act of
1980 (22 U.S.C. 3951) is amended by adding at

===== PAGE 241 =====
{"alpha_words": 1226, "chars": 8240, "method": "ocr", "page": 241, "variant": "plain-vision"}
member of a government employee described
in subsection (a) seeking employment in a
position described in that subsection to the
same employment standards as those appli-
Service personnel,
ployees seeking the same or a substantially
IN-STATE TUITION RATES FOR MEM-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro- SECTION 1.
RESCISSION OF SECRETARY OF
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
HOMELAND SECURITY'S WAIVER AU-
activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
Section 102 of the Illegal Immigration Re-
form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
appropriate place, insert the fol-
U.S.C. 1103 note) is amended by striking sub-
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1015d) is
(1) in the section heading, by striking 'THE
ARMED FORCES ON ACTIVE DUTY, SPOUSES, AND
DEPENDENT CHILDREN'
(2) in subsection (a), by striking
of the armed forces who is on active duty for
a period of more than 30 days and'
"member of a qualifying
(3) in subsection (b), by striking 'member
of the armed forces" and inserting "member
of a qualifying Federal service'; and
(4) by striking subsection (d) and inserting
'(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section, the term
"(1) a member of the armed forces (as de-
fined in section 101 of title 10, United States
Code) who is on active duty for a period of
more than 30 days (as defined in section 101
of title 10, United States Code); or
'(2) a member of the Foreign Service (as
defined in section 103 of the Foreign Service
Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3903)) who is on active
duty for a period of more than 30 days."
(b) EFFECTIVE
DATE.—The
amendments
made under subsection (a) shall take effect
at each public institution of higher
edu-
cation in a State that receives assistance
under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20
U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) for the first period of en-
rollment
at
such
institution
that begins
after July 1, 2021.
SEC. 1077.
TERMINATION OF RESIDENTIAL OR
MOTOR VEHICLE LEASES AND TELE-
PHONE SERVICE
CONTRACTS FOR
THE
FOR-
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 9 of title I of the
Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4081 et
seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-
TERMINATION OF RESIDENTIAL OR
MOTOR VEHICLE LEASES AND TELE-
PHONE SERVICE CONTRACTS.
'The terms governing the termination of
residential or motor vehicle leases and tele-
phone service contracts described in sections
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C
servicemembers who receive military orders
described in such Act shall apply in the same
manner and to the same extent to members
who are posted abroad at a
Foreign Service post in accordance with this
(b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of
contents in section 2 of the Foreign Service
Act of 1980 is amended by inserting after the
relating to section 906 the following
Section 9902(a) of the William M. (Mac)
Thornberry National Defense
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116-283)
is amended by adding at the end the fol-
'(6) TAXPAYER PROTECTIONS.-
sultation with the Secretary of the Treas
ury, as appropriate, may receive from a cov-
ered entity that receives a financial assist-
award under
voting warrant or nonvoting equity interest
in the covered entity, or a senior debt instru-
the covered entity that, in
the sole determination of the Secretary, pro-
vides appropriate compensation to the Fed-
eral Government for the provision of the fi-
shall not exercise voting power with respect
to any warrant,
equity interest, or senior
debt instrument received from a covered en-
tity, including common stock and preferred
'(B) TERMS AND CONDITIONS.—The terms
and conditions of any warrant, equity inter-
est, or senior debt instrument received under
subparagraph (A) shall be set
by
the Sec-
retary and shall meet the following require-
ments:
"(i) PURPOSES.-
-Such terms and conditions
shall be designed to provide for a reasonable
participation by the Secretary, for the ben-
efit of taxpayers, in equity
appreciation in
the case of a warrant or other equity inter-
est, or a reasonable interest rate premium,
in the case of a debt instrument.
'(ii) AUTHORITY TO SELL, EXERCISE, OR SUR-
RENDER.—For the
primary
benefit of
tax-
payers,
the Secretary may sell, exercise, or
surrender a warrant, equity interest, or any
senior debt instrument received from a cov-
ered entity. The Secretary shall not exercise
voting power with respect to any warrant,
equity interest, or senior debt instrument re-
ceived from a covered entity.
TREASURY.—Dividend,
interest, and principal payments from a war-
rant, equity interest, or senior debt instru-
ment received from a covered entity, and
proceeds from the sale, exercise, or surrender
of such a warrant, equity interest, or senior
debt instrument shall be paid into the gen-
eral fund of the Treasury for reduction of the
SA 4532. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself,
motor vehicle leases and tele-
an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
personnel strengths for
for other purposes;
which was ordered to lie on the table;
4531. Mr. REED submitted
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the
REED and intended to be proposed to following:
SA 4533. Mr. SANDERS submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the
SEC. 1054. REPORT ON THE HUMANITARIAN IM-
PACT OF THE GAZA RESTRICTIONS
AND THE FEASIBILITY OF ENDING
(a) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after
the date of the enactment of this Act,
Comptroller General of the United
after consultation with the President,
Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense,
Administrator
Agency for International Development,
and
appropriate representatives of the United
Nations,
the
World
Bank,
the
European
Union, and donor nations supporting recon-
struction efforts in Gaza, shall submit a re-
port to the Committee on Foreign Relations
of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign
Affairs of the House of Representatives re-
garding-
(1) whether the implementation
of
the
Gaza Reconstruction Mechanism is adhering
to international dual-use standards;
(2) short-, medium-, and long-term
solu-
tions to address the humanitarian and polit-
ical crisis in Gaza;
(3) the economic, humanitarian, political,
and psychological impact of the restrictions
on Palestinians in Gaza and its impact on re-
covery and reconstruction efforts following
the Israeli airstrikes in May 2021;
(4) any arbitrary
(5) the feasibility of replacing the current
inspection mechanism at the border cross-
ings in Gaza with an international inspec-
tion mechanism of commercial and humani-
tarian goods entering and exiting Gaza mod-
eled after the United Nations
and Inspection Mechanism for Yemen;
(6) the feasibility of the United Nations, in
consultation with all key stakeholders, lead-
ing the facilitation
and inspection
nisms of a new international agreement on
movement and access for Gaza, in a neutral
and transparent way that addresses humani-
economic, and legitimate
(7) the feasibility of docking United States
boats in the Port of Gaza, including an anal-
(A) relevant logistical requirements, such
as boat size and dock location; and
(B) navigating the legal and political re-
strictions through the coordinated efforts of
United Nations and United States agencies
(8) the feasibility of sending United States
Government personnel into Gaza through a
land or sea border, including an analysis of—

===== PAGE 242 =====
{"alpha_words": 1255, "chars": 8246, "method": "ocr", "page": 242, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(A) relevant logistical requirements, such
as ports of entry, and security accommoda-
(B) navigating the legal and political re-
strictions through the coordinated efforts of
United Nations and United States agencies
operating in Gaza; and
(9) the feasibility of transporting Palestin-
ians in United States vehicles between the
Erez Crossing in Gaza to the United States
Jerusalem for
appointments
with Embassy staff, including an analysis
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
forms of United States support to the Saudi- ment of Energy, to prescribe military
led coalition's operations in Yemen:
(1) Sharing intelligence for the purpose of
enabling offensive coalition strikes.
logistical support for coali-
tion strikes that prolong and deepen the con-
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add
flict in Yemen, including by providing main-
tenance or transferring spare parts to coali-
SEC. 1283. BRIEFING ON UNITED STATES-INDIA
JOINT DEFENSE AND RELATED IN-
security accommodations; and
(B) navigating the legal and political re-
strictions through the coordinated efforts of
Israeli authorities and United Nations and
United States agencies operating in Gaza.
-The report required under sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified
form, but may include a classified annex.
SA 4534. Mr. SANDERS (for himself
and Mr. MARKEY) submitted an amend-
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the
SEC. 1004. REDUCTION IN AMOUNT AUTHORIZED
TO BE APPROPRIATED FOR FISCAL
to be appropriated for fiscal year 2022 by this
(1) the aggregate amount authorized to be
appropriated for fiscal year 2022 by this Act
(other than for military personnel and the
Defense Health Program); minus
(2) the amount equal to 14 percent of the
aggregate amount described in paragraph (1).
ALLOCATION.—The reduction
subsection (a) shall apply on a pro rata basis
amounts are authorized to be appropriated
by this Act (other than military personnel
and the Defense Health Program), and shall
be applied on a pro rata basis across each
program, project, and activity funded by the
SA 4535. Mr. SANDERS (for himself
and Mr. MARKEY) submitted an amend-
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of
the Department
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy,
to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, ada
SEC. 1283. PROHIBITION ON SUPPORT OR MILI-
TARY PARTICIPATION IN SAUDI-LED
(a) PROHIBITION ON SUPPORT.—None of the
funds authorized to be appropriated or other-
made available to provide the
(b) PROHIBITION ON MILITARY PARTICIPA-
-None of the funds authorized to be ap-
propriated or otherwise made available by
this Act may be made available for any civil-
ian or military personnel of the Department
of Defense to command, coordinate, partici-
pate in the movement of, or accompany the
regular or irregular military forces of the
Saudi and United Arab Emirates-led coali-
which there exists an imminent threat that
such coalition forces become engaged in such
hostilities, unless and until the President
has obtained specific statutory authoriza-
tion, in accordance with section 8(a) of the
War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1547(a)).
CONSTRUCTION.—The prohibi-
tions under this section may not be con-
strued to apply with respect to United States
Armed Forces engaged in operations directed
at al Qaeda or associated forces.
SA 4536. Mr. SANDERS (for himself
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the
SEC. 1004. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SPENDING
AN UNQUALIFIED AUDIT OPINION.
If during any fiscal year after fiscal year
2022, the Secretary of Defense determines
that a department, agency, or other element
the Department of Defense has not
achieved an unqualified opinion on its full fi-
statements for the calendar year
ending during such fiscal year-
(1) the amount available to such depart-
ment, agency, or element for the fiscal year
in which such determination is made shall be
equal to the amount otherwise authorized to
be appropriated minus 1.0 percent;
(2) the amount unavailable to such depart-
ment, agency, or element for that fiscal year
pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be applied on
agency, or element in that fiscal year; and
(3) the Secretary shall deposit in the gen-
eral fund of the Treasury for purposes of def-
icit reduction all amounts unavailable to de-
and elements of the De-
partment in the fiscal year pursuant to de-
terminations made under paragraph (1).
SA 4537. Mr. WARNER submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the
appropriate committees of Congress a brief-
ing on joint defense and related industrial
and technology research and development
and personnel exchange opportunities
tween the United States and India.
TO BE INCLUDED.-
ing under subsection (a) shall include the fol-
(1) A status update on the Defense Tech-
nology and Trade Initiative and its efforts to
(2) An assessment of whether additional
funds are necessary for the Defense Tech-
nology and Trade Initiative for seed funding
An assessment of whether the Israel-
U.S. Binational Industrial Research and De-
velopment Foundation and Fund provides a
United States and India private
sector collaboration on defense and critical
(4) A status update on the collaboration be-
tween the Department of Defense Innovation
Unit and the Innovations for Defence Excel-
lence program of the Ministry of Defence of
India to enhance the capacity of the Depart-
ment of Defense and Ministry of Defence of
India to identify and source solutions to
military requirements by accessing cutting-
(C) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS
priate committees of Congress" means-
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of
SA 4538. Mr. WARNER submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title XVI, in-
sert the following:
• EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE FOR PUR-
SUIT OF PROGRAMS OF EDUCATION
Defense shall, acting through the Director of
Operational Test and Evaluation, carry out a
program on the provision of educational as-
sistance to individuals for the pursuit of a
programs of education in the field of cyber-
security in support of Department of Defense
requirements and in order to create a talent
pipeline for the cyber testing and evaluation
workforce capable of improving confidence
in the operational effectiveness, suitability,

===== PAGE 243 =====
{"alpha_words": 1181, "chars": 8164, "method": "ocr", "page": 243, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
edu- determination under paragraph (1) or (2) of
cational assistance under subsection (a), the
Secretary shall ensure that the educational
assistance is provided for programs of edu-
(2) The name of each intended and actual
recipient of items or services described in
cation that lead to a degree or certification
in a cybersecurity field from an institution
(3) A detailed description of such items or
of higher education, including a community
(1) ADDITIONAL AMOUNT.—The amount au-
appropriated for fiscal year
2022 by section 201 for research, development,
test, and evaluation is hereby increased by
$3,000,000, with the amount of the increase to
be available for Life Fire Test and Evalua-
AVAILABILITY.—The amount available
under paragraph (1) shall be
(3) OFFSET.—The amount authorized to be
appropriated for fiscal year 2022 by section
101 for procurement is hereby decreased by
$3,000,000, with the amount of the decrease to
be taken from amounts available for Pro-
SA 4539. Mr. WARNER submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add
SEC. 1264. ANNUAL REPORT ON SURVEILLANCE
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
and annually thereafter until 2040, the Sec-
retary of State, in coordination with the Di-
rector of National Intelligence and the Sec-
retary of Defense, shall submit to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations and the Select
Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and
the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence
of the House of Representatives a report
with respect to foreign persons that the sec-
retary of State determines-
(1) have operated, sold, leased, or otherwise
services related to targeted digital surveil-
lance with knowledge of, or disregard for, po-
tential human rights concerns to—
(A) a foreign government or entity located
primarily inside a foreign country where a
reasonable person would
transfer could result in a use of the items or
(4) An identification of such items and
services that could provide the Government
of the People's Republic of China with a crit-
ical capability to
suppress basic
rights, including items and services that pro-
(A) to conduct surveillance;
(B) to monitor and restrict an individual's
(C) to monitor and restrict access to the
(D) to identify individuals through facial
(5) An analysis of whether the inclusion of
the persons named under paragraph (1) on
the entity list maintained by the Bureau of
Industry and Security is appropriate.
(C) CONSULTATION.-In compiling
making assessments for the purpose of pre-
paring a report required by subsection (a),
the Secretary of State shall consult with
wide range of organizations,
including with
(1) classified and unclassified information
provided by the Director of National Intel-
(2) information provided by the Bureau of
Business and Human
(3) information provided by the Depart-
ment of Commerce
Industry and Security;
committees established by the Secretary of
State to advise the Under Secretary of Com-
merce for Industry and Security on controls
including the Emerging Technology
and Research Advisory Committee; and
(5) information on human rights and tech-
as solicited from civil soci-
ety and human rights organizations through
regular consultation processes; and
(6) information contained in the country
reports on human rights practices published
annually by the Department of State.
(d) FORM.—Each report required
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified
form and may include a classified annex.
(e) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY.—Not later
14 days after the date on which each report
required by subsection (a) is submitted to
Congress, the President shall post the report
November 4, 2021
(ii) constraints limiting the use of targeted
digital surveillance under principles of ne-
cessity, proportionality, and legitimacy;
(iii) oversight by entities independent of
the government's executive agencies;
(iv) involvement of an independent and im-
partial judiciary branch in authorizing the
use of targeted digital surveillance; or
(v) legal remedies in case of abuse.
(3) TARGETED DIGITAL SURVEILLANCE.—The
term "targeted digital surveillance"
the use of items or services that enable an
intercept, collect, exploit, preserve, protect,
transmit, retain, or otherwise gain access to
the communications, protected information,
work product, browsing data, research, iden-
tifying information, location history, or on-
line and offline activities of other individ-
uals, organizations, or entities, with or with-
out the explicit authorization of such indi-
viduals, organizations, or entities.
SA 4540. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R.
• 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths for
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
On page 565, strike lines 6 and 7, and insert
(C) in paragraph (5)-
(i) by striking
"fiscal year 2021" and in-
serting "fiscal year 2022'; and
'$75,000,000" and inserting
In the funding table in section 4301, for Op-
Activities, in the item relating to the De-
fense Security Cooperation Agency, Increase
strike the amount in the Senate Authorized
column and insert '[100,000]"
In the funding table in section 4301, for Op-
and Maintenance, Defense-wide re-
lating to Subtotal Administrative and Serv-
ice-Wide Activities, strike the amount in the
In the funding table in section 4301, for Op-
lating to Total Operation and Maintenance,
Defense-Wide, strike the amount in the Sen-
(B) a country including any governmental
unit thereof, entity, or other person deter-
mined by the Secretary of State in a notice
published in the Federal Register to have
used items or services for targeted digital
surveillance in a manner contrary to human
(2) have materially assisted, sponsored, or
logical support for, or items or services to or
(b) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—Dach report
required by subsection (a) shall include the
following for the preceding one-year period:
(1) The name of each foreign person with
person" means an individual or entity that
is not a United States person.
RIGHTS.—The term 'in a manner contrary to
human rights", with respect to targeted dig-
ital surveillance. means engaging in targeted
(A) in violation of basic human rights, in-
punish independent
reporting (and
that reporting), manipulate or
interfere with democratic or electoral proc-
groups, or target advocates or practitioners
of human rights and democratic rights (in-
cluding activists, journalists, artists, minor-
ity communities, or opposition politicians);
(B) in a country lacking a minimum legal
framework governing the use of targeted dig-
ital surveillance, including established
(i) authorization under laws that are acces-
sible, precise, and available to the public;
In the funding table in section 4301 for Op-
eration and Maintenance, Defense-wide re-
lating to Afghanistan Security Forces Fund,
Afghan Air Force, [Sustainment], strike the
Senate Authorized column
In the funding table in section 4301 for Op-
Maintenance, Defense-wide re-
lating to Afghanistan Security Forces Fund,
Force, strike the amount in the Senate Au-
thorized column and insert '467,331".
In the funding table in section 4301 for Op-
lating to Afghanistan Security Forces Fund,
Afghanistan Security
strike the amount in the Senate Authorized
column and insert '3,277,810".
amendment intended to be proposed to
REED and intended to be proposed to

===== PAGE 244 =====
{"alpha_words": 1178, "chars": 7754, "method": "ocr", "page": 244, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
activities of the Department of
tary activities of the Department of
for military construction, and
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
In section 511, strike subsection (g) and in-
sert the following:
VOTE REQUIREMENT FOR IN-
DUCTION OF MEN AND WOMEN.-
FINDINGS.—Congress
makes the fol-
lowing findings:
(A) Clause 12 of section 8 of article I of the
Constitution of the United States empowers
responsibility to
The United States first required mili-
tary conscription in the American Civil War
under the Civil War Military Draft Act of
(C) The Selective Services Act of 1917 au-
the President to draft additional
forces beyond the volunteer force to support
forces when the U.S. entered the first World
(D) The Selective Training and Service Act
of 1940 was the first authorization by Con-
gress for conscription in peacetime but lim-
ited the President's induction
"no greater number of men than the Con-
priation for from time to time"
(E) Congress allowed induction authority
to lapse in 1947.
(F) Congress reinstated the President's in-
duction authority under the Selective Serv-
ice Act of 1948 to raise troops for United
States participation in the Korean War.
maintained the President's
Service Act of 1948 through the beginning of
passed additional reforms to
the draft under the Military Selective Serv-
ice Act of 1967 in response to issues arising
from United States engagement in the Viet-
(I) Congress prohibited any further use of
the draft after July 1, 1973.
(J) If a president seeks to reactivate the
Congress would have to
enact a law providing authorization for this
(2) AMENDMENT.—Section 17 of the Military
amended by adding at the end the following
new subsection: Section 17 of the Military
amended by adding at the end the following
new subsection:
"(d) No person shall be inducted for train-
ing and service in the Armed Forces unless
Congress first passes and there is enacted-
'(1) a law expressly authorizing such in-
'(2) a law authorizing separately-
'(A) the number of male persons subject to
such induction into service; and
'(B) the number of female persons subject
to such induction into service."
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
In section 511(d)(4), strike the period at the
end of subparagraph (B)(ii) and insert the fol-
lowing: "; and
(C) by adding at the end the following new
'(p) No person may be inducted for train-
ing and service under this title if such per-
'(1) has a dependent child and the
parent of the dependent child has been in-
ducted for training or service under this title
unless the person volunteers for such induc-
'(2) has a dependent child who has no other
living parent."
SA 4544. Mr.
LEE submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
personnel strengths
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
In section 511, strike subsection (g) and in-
ENACTMENT OF AUTHORIZATION RE-
FINDINGS.-Congress makes the fol
lowing findings:
(A) Clause 12 of section 8 of article I of the
Constitution of the United States empowers
and support Armies"
(B) The United States first required mili-
tary conscription in the American
under the Civil War Military Draft Act of
(C) The Selective Services Act of 1917 au-
forces beyond the volunteer force to support
exceedingly high
forces when the U.S. entered the first World
made by this section shall take effect on the
date of the enactment of this Act, except
that the amendments made by
(d) and (g) shall take effect 1 year after such
(D) The Selective Training and Service Act
of 1940 was the first authorization by Con-
gress for conscription in peacetime but lim-
ited the President's induction authority to
"no greater number of men
gress shall hereafter make specific appro-
priation for from time to time"
amendment intended to be proposed to
(E) Congress allowed induction authority
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr. to lapse in 1947.
and intended to be proposed to
(F) Congress reinstated the President's in-
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro- duction authority under the Selective Serv-
ice Act of 1948 to raise troops for United
States participation in the Korean War.
maintained the President's
Service Act of 1948 through the beginning of
(H) Congress passed additional reforms to
the draft under the Military Selective Serv-
ice Act of 1967 in response to issues arising
from United States engagement in the Viet-
(I) Congress prohibited any further use of
(J) If a president seeks to reactivate the
use of the draft,
Congress would
enact a law providing authorization for this
(2) AMENDMENT.—Section 17 of the Military
amended by adding at the end the following
'(d) No person shall be inducted for train-
ing and service in the Armed Forces unless
Congress first passes and there is enacted a
into service and specifying the total number
of persons that may be so inducted."
made by this section shall take effect on the
date of the enactment of this Act,
that the amendments made by subsections
(d) and (g) shall take effect 1 year after such
SA 4545. Mr. CORNYN submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
• ADVERSE INFORMATION IN CASES
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Fair Credit Report-
ing Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amended by
inserting after section 605B the following:
"§ 605C Adverse information in cases of traf-
'(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:
DOCUMENTATION.—The
term 'trafficking documentation' means-
'(i) a determination by a Federal or State
governmental entity that a consumer is a
'(ii) a determination by a court of com-
petent jurisdiction that a consumer is a vic-
tim of trafficking; and
'B) documentation that identifies items
of adverse information that should not be
because the items resulted from the severe
form of trafficking in persons
ficking of which the consumer is a victim.
'victim of trafficking' means a person who is
of a severe form of trafficking in
persons or sex trafficking, as those terms are
defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Vic-
tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).
may not furnish
sumer report containing any adverse item of
information about a consumer that resulted
from a severe form of trafficking in persons
or sex trafficking if the consumer has pro-
vided trafficking documentation to the con-
sumer reporting agency.

===== PAGE 245 =====
{"alpha_words": 1195, "chars": 7961, "method": "ocr", "page": 245, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this sec-
tion, the Director shall promulgate regula-
tions to implement subsection (a).
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
(6) Congress should encourage the efforts of
various parties, including the United Nations
and other regional stakeholders, to resolve
the dangerous situation posed by the FSO
Safer and find a lasting solution to the crisis,
including by contributing financially to ef-
pursuant to paragraph (1) shall establish a
method by which consumers shall submit
trafficking documentation to consumer re-
(A) to prevent an oil spill from the FSO
(B) in the event of such a spill, to mitigate
(b) TABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT.—The the effects of the spill.
table of contents of the Fair Credit Report-
item relating to section 605B the following:
'605C. Adverse information in cases of traf-
November 4, 2021
(2) is otherwise eligible to receive an immi-
grant visa and is otherwise admissible to the
United States sermanent readin is de-
scribed in this subsection if—
(A) is employed by a United States em-
ployer and engaged in work to promote and
made by this section shall apply on the date
that is 30 days after the date on which the
Director of the Bureau of Consumer Finan-
cial Protection issues a rule pursuant to sec-
tion 605C(c) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act,
added by subsection (a) of this section.
Any rule issued by the Director to imple-
ment such section 605C shall be limited to
later than 30 days after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary of State
shall establish an interagency working group
Federal agencies,
including the Department
of Defense, the United States Mission to the
for International Development, and the Fed-
eral Emergency Management Agency,
velop a contingency plan to be implemented
in the event a crude oil leak from, or an ex-
about a consumer that resulted from traf-
SA 4546. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself
and Mr. YOUNG) submitted an amend-
be proposed to
amendment SA 3867 submitted by Mr.
REED and intended to be proposed to
the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of
Defense, for military construction, and
for defense activities of
ment of Energy, to prescribe military
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add
CONTINGENCY PLAN RELATING TO
FLOATING OIL STORAGE AND OFF-
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
condition of the floating storage
and offloading vessel (FSO) Safer in the port
of Hodeidah in Yemen poses a significant
threat to the economic, ecological, and hu-
environment of the
(2) the Houthis have repeatedly obstructed
efforts by the international community, in-
cluding the United Nations, to inspect and
repair the FSO Safer;
(3) a spill of the nearly 1,000,000 barrels of
times the amount spilled in the Exxon Valdez
disaster in 1989, would result in devastating
ment of the Red Sea, and would profoundly
damage fishing industries along both sides of
the Red Sea Coast, especially in Yemen;
(4) a spill from the FSO Safer would—
which 10 percent of annual trade transits;
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of State and representatives of
the interagency working group established
under paragraph (1) shall submit to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate
and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
House of Representatives a report on the sta-
tus of the contingency plan developed under
that paragraph that describes-
options available
to the United
States Government for mitigating the eco-
that would result from a disaster related to
the FSO Safer; and
(ii) the steps already taken by the United
States Government and international and re-
(I) to encourage a diplomatic solution to
(II) to prepare for the eventuality that a
disaster may occur before such a solution is
(B) is engaged in basic or applied research,
through a United States institution of high-
er education (as defined in section 101 of the
Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001));
(C) possesses scientific or technical exper-
critical technologies identified in
tional Defense Strategy or the National De-
fense Science and Technology Strategy, re-
quired by section 218 of the John S.
National Defense Authorization
cal Year 2019 (Public Law 115-232; 132 Stat.
(2) the Secretary of Defense issues a writ-
ten statement to the Secretary of Homeland
Security confirming that the admission of
the alien is essential to advancing
search, development, testing, or evaluation
of critical technologies described in para-
graph (1)(C) or otherwise serves national se-
(C) NUMERICAL LIMITATIONS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The total number of prin-
cipal aliens who may be provided special im-
migrant status under this section may not
(A) 10 in each of fiscal years 2022 through
(B) 100 in fiscal year 2031 and each fiscal
SA 4547. Mr.
WHITEHOUSE sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
ENTISTS AND TECHNICAL EXPERTS
around the world
continue efforts to recover from the COVID-
(5) the people of Yemen continue to face
dire circumstances, and such circumstances
would be exacerbated by a spill from the FSO
Safer because such a spill would close of the
port of Hodeidah, through which 3 of Yem-
en's food is transferred, and result in the po-
tential for widespread famine and malnutri-
(a) SPECIAL IMMIGRANT STATUS.—In accord-
ance with the procedures established under
subsection (f)(1), and subject to the numer-
ical limitations under subsection (c)(1), the
Secretary of Homeland Security may provide
an alien described in subsection (b) (and the
and children of the alien if accom-
panying or following to join the alien) with
the status of a special immigrant under sec-
tion 101(a)(27) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)), if the
(1) submits a classification petition under
section 204(a)(1)(G)(i) of such Act (8 U.S.C.
status under this section shall not be count-
the numerical limitations under
sections 201(d), 202(a), and 203(b)(4) of the Im-
and Nationality
Act 18 U.S.C.
1151(d), 1152(a), and 1153(b)(4)).
AND TECHNICAL EXPERTS.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop
and implement a process to select, on a com-
scribed in subsection (b), individuals for rec-
ommendation to the Secretary of Homeland
Security for special immigrant status under
(e) AUTHORITIES.—In carrying out this sec-
tion, the Secretary of Defense shall author-
ize appropriate personnel of the Department
of Defense to use all personnel and manage-
available to the Depart-
(1) the personnel and management authori-
ties provided to the science and technology
(2) the Major Range and Test Facility Base
(as defined in 196(i) of title 10, United States
Defense Advanced Research
(f) PROCEDURES.-Not later
after the date of the enactment of this Act,
the Secretary of Homeland Security and Sec-
retary of Defense shall jointly establish poli-
cies and procedures implementing this sec-
tion, which shall include procedures for-
(1) processing of petitions for classification
submitted under subsection (a)(1) and appli-
cations for an immigrant visa or adjustment
of status, as applicable; and
(2) thorough processing of any required se-
-The Secretary of Homeland Se-
curity shall establish a fee-
(1) to be charged and collected to process
an application filed under this section; and

===== PAGE 246 =====
{"alpha_words": 1276, "chars": 8774, "method": "ocr", "page": 246, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 4, 2021
(2) that is set at a level that will ensure re-
covery of the full costs of such processing
and any additional costs associated with the
administration of the fees collected.
Not later than 180 days after the date of the
enactment of
Homeland Security and Secretary of Defense
shall jointly submit to the appropriate com-
mittees of Congress a report that includes
(1) a plan for implementing the authorities
provided under this section; and
(2) identification of any additional authori-
ties that may be required to assist the Secre-
taries in fully implementing this section.
(i) PROGRAM EVALUATION AND REPORT.—
(1) EVALUATION.—The Comptroller General
of the United States shall conduct an evalua-
tion of the competitive program and special
immigrant program described in subsections
(a) through (g).
(2) REPORT.—Not later than October 1, 2026,
the Comptroller General shall submit to the
appropriate committees of Congress a report
on the results of the evaluation conducted
under paragraph (1).
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
tion request relating to the vaccination for
2019 is denied without
written individualized consideration or con-
sultation with the Office of the Chief of
Chaplains for the military department con-
cerned to confirm that there is a compelling
interest in having the member receive such
vaccination and that mandating vaccination
is the least restrictive means of furthering
that interest shall have a cause of action for
their military career, retirement, or bene-
(C) CONSULTATION WITH OFFICES OF CHIEF
OF CHAPLAINS REGARDING RELIGIOUS ACCOM-
(1) IN GENERAL.—The final accommodation
authority for each military department shall
consult with the Office of the Chief of Chap-
lains for the military department concerned
before denying any religious accommodation
(2) PROCEDURES FOR RELIGIOUS EXEMPTION
Forces Chaplains Board in determining the
GRESS.—The term
"appropriate committees
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and
the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and
the Committee on the Judiciary of the House
(2) NATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION BASE.-
Base" means the network of persons and or-
ganizations, including Federal agencies, in-
stitutions of higher
and development centers,
defense industrial base entities, nonprofit or-
ture capital firms that are engaged in the
military and nonmilitary research, develop-
ment, funding, and production of innovative
technologies that support the national secu-
(3) DETERMINATIONS RELATING TO RELIGIOUS
BELIEF OR CONSCIENCE.—No determinations
shall be made regarding the sincerity of the
religious belief or conscience of a member of
the Armed Forces by the final accommoda-
tion authority without the documented con-
sultation of a chaplain with the member.
(d) INSPECTOR GENERAL INVESTIGATION RE-
COVID-19 VACCINATION MANDATE.—Not later
than 60 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, the Inspector General of the De-
partment of Defense shall complete an inves-
whether each of the military
departments has complied with Federal law
(including the Religious Freedom
tion Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 2000bb et seq.)), De-
partment of Defense Instruction 1300.17, and
other policies of the military departments
relevant to determining
modations for the requirement that members
of the Armed Forces receive the vaccination
for coronavirus disease 2019.
SA 4548. Mr. LANKFORD submitted
an amendment intended to be proposed
to amendment SA 3867 submitted by
Mr. REED and intended to be proposed
to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022 for
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction,
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add
SEC. 744. DELAY OF COVID-19 VACCINE MANDATE
FORCES AND ADDITIONAL REQUIRE-
MENTS RELATING TO RELIGIOUS AC-
(a) DELAY OF VACCINE MANDATE.—The Sec-
retary of Defense may not require members
of the Armed Forces to receive the vaccina-
tion for coronavirus disease 2019 (commonly
members for not receiving such vaccine until
the date on which all religious and medical
accommodation requests filed before Decem-
ber 1, 2022, seeking an exemption from such
a requirement have been individually evalu-
ated with a final determination and all ap-
peal processes in connection with any such
requests have been exhausted.
(b) PRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION RELATING TO
COVID-19 VACCINATION.—A member of the
Armed Forces whose religious accommoda-
mitted an amendment intended to be
proposed to amendment SA 3867 sub-
mitted by Mr. REED and intended to be
proposed to the bill H.R. 4350, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of
the Department of Energy, to prescribe
military personnel strengths for such
fiscal year, and for other
which was ordered to lie on the table;
At the end of subtitle E of title XXXI, ada
URANIUM-233 TO FOSTER DEVELOP-
MENT OF THORIUM MOLTEN-SALT
FINDINGS.—Congress makes the fol-
United States, primarily at the Oak Ridge
(2) Before the cancellation of the program
in 1976, the technology developed at the Oak
steadily toroard efficiont utilization of the
natural thorium energy resource,
ists in substantial amounts in many parts of
the United States and around the world.
S8053
(3) The People's
Republic of China
known to be pursuing the development of
molten salt reactor technology based on a
thorium fuel cycle.
(4) Thorium itself is not fissile, but fertile,
and requires a fissile material to begin a nu-
clear chain reaction.
(5) Uranium-233, derived from neutron ab-
by
natural thorium,
is
the ideal
candidate for the fissile component of a tho-
rium reactor, and is the only fissile material
candidate that can minimize the production
long-lived transuranic elements,
which
have proven a great challenge to the geo-
logic disposal of existing spent nuclear fuel.
(6) Geologic disposal of spent nuclear fuel
conventional
nuclear
reactors
con-
tinues to pose severe political and technical
challenges, and costs the United States tax-
more
than
$500,000,000
annually in
court-mandated awards to utilities.
(7) The United States possesses the largest
inventory of uranium-233 in the world, aggre-
gated at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory.
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of
Congress that
(1) it is in the best economic and national
security interests of the United States to re-
sume development of highly
efficient tho-
rium molten-salt reactors that can minimize
transuranic waste production, in consider-
ation of the pursuit by the People's Republic
of China of thorium molten-salt reactors and
associated cooperative research agreements
with United States national laboratories;
(2) that the development of highly efficient
thorium molten-salt reactors is consistent
with section 1261 of the John S. McCain Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal
Year 2019 (Public Law 115-232; 132 Stat. 2060),
which declared long-term strategic competi-
tion with the People's Republic of China as
"a principal priority for the United States';
(3) to resume such development, it is nec-
essary to preserve as much of the uranium-
233 remaining at Oak Ridge National Labora-
(C) PRESERVATION AND STORAGE OF URA-
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Energy
shall seek every opportunity to preserve sep-
tering development of thorium molten-salt
reactors by United States industry.
(2) DOWNBLENDING AND DISPOSAL OF CERTAIN
Secretary may provide for
the downblending and disposal of uranium-
233 determined by industry experts not to be
thorium molten-salt reactors or technology
implementation.
(d) INTERAGENCY COOPERATION.—The Sec-
retary of Energy, the Secretary of the Army
(including the head of the Army Reactor Of-
fice), the Secretary of Transportation,
Tennessee Valley Authority, and other rel-
(1) work together to preserve uranium-233;
(2) if necessary, expedite transfers of ura-
nium-233 between the Department of Energy
and the Department of Defense; and
the assistance of appropriate in-
dustrial or medical entities.
(e) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180
days after the date of the enactment of this
Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to
the congressional defense committees a re-
port that includes the following:
(1) Details of the separated U-233 inventory
that is most feasible for immediate or near-
(2) The costs of constructing or modifying
a suitable category I facility for the secure,
permanent storage of the U-233 inventory.
(3) A pathway for National Asset Material

===== PAGE 247 =====
{"alpha_words": 1126, "chars": 7463, "method": "ocr", "page": 247, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD-SENATE
November 4, 2021
(4) A description of the scope for such a fa- pilot program established under paragraph 4, 2021, at 9 a.m., to conduct an execu-
cility that would enable secure access to the
nuclear material for research and develop-
shall jointly test not fewer than three areas
ment of thorium fuel cycle reactors, for de-
of special activity airspace designated by the
fense and civilian applications, as well as for
Federal Aviation Administration for use by
extraction and processing,
the Department of Defense, of which-
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask
unanimous consent that Aarti Iyer, a
through public-private partnerships.
(5) An assessment of whether the Secretary
should transfer the ownership of U-233 from
the Office of Environmental Management to
the Office of Nuclear Energy.
(6) An assessment of the ability of the De-
of Energy to transfer the inven-
tory of U-233 that the Secretary determines
is most feasible for immediate or near-term
transfer to the Y-12 National Security Com-
plex, Oak Ridge, Tennessee, for secure in-
(7) The feasibility of the National Nuclear
Administration providing for the
storage of the
within the Y-12 National Security Complex
or another suitable location within the nu-
clear security enterprise (as defined in sec-
tion 4002 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act
(f) NO FUNDING AUTHORIZED.—The amount
authorized to be appropriated by section 3102
and available
as specified in the
table in section 4701 for the U233 Disposition
Program is hereby reduced by $55,000,000.
SA 4550. Mr. THUNE submitted
amendment intended to be proposed by
him to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize
appropriations for fiscal year 2022 for
military activities of the Department
of Defense, for military construction.
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal
year, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
At the appropriate place in title X, insert
• DEVELOPMENT AND TESTING OF IM-
PROVED SCHEDULING AND MANAGE-
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ADAPTIVE AIR-
-It is the sense of Congress that-
(1) where it does not conflict with safety,
improved scheduling
and management
special activity airspace (also referred to as
space") is expected to optimize the use of the
airspace system
(2) the Administrator of the Federal Avia-
tion Administration and the Secretary of De-
fense should take such actions as may be
to support ongoing efforts to de-
velop improved scheduling and management
of special activity airspace, including-
(A) the continuation of formal
ships between the Federal Aviation Adminis-
tration and the Department of Defense that
focus on special activity airspace, future air-
space needs, and joint solutions; and
(B) maturing research within their feder-
ally funded research and development cen-
ters, Federal partner agencies, and the avia-
waters of the United States; and
(B) at least two shall be over land of the
-Not less than two years after
the date of the establishment of the pilot
program under subsection (b)(1), the Admin-
istrator and Secretary shall submit to the
following congressional committees a report
on the interim results of the pilot program:
(1) The Committee on Commerce, Science,
and Transportation and the Committee
Armed Services of the Senate.
(2) The Committee on Transportation and
the Committee on science,
Space, and Technology,
House of Rep-
(d) AUTHORIZATION OF FUNDS.—The Admin-
istrator and Secretary shall be authorized to
use such funds as necessary to carry out the
activities established under subsections (b)
(e) LIMITS ON STAFF.—Any such hour or
other employee limitations concerning staff
or workforce that may be dedicated to
execution of the activities established under
subsections (b) and (c), including work asso-
ciated with the Center for Advanced Avia-
tion System Development, shall be waived.
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I have 5
requests for committees to meet during
today's session of the Senate.
have the approval of the Majority and
Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph
5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-
the following committees are au-
thorized to meet during today's session
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, NUTRITION, AND
The Committee on Agriculture, Nu-
trition, and Forestry is authorized to
meet during the session of the Senate
on Thursday, November 4, 2021,
a.m., to conduct a business meeting.
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL
The Committee on Energy and Nat-
ural Resources is authorized to
session of the Senate on
Thursday, November 4, 2021, at 10 a.m.,
to conduct a hearing
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS
The Committee on Foreign Relations
is authorized to meet during the ses-
sion of the Senate on Thursday, No-
vember 4, 2021, at 11 a.m., to conduct a
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR,
Ashman, another legislative fellow in
my office; and Danny Carlson, who is
joining us today on the floor from my
all be granted floor privileges
for the remainder of the 117th Con-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without
objection, it is so ordered.
PROTECTING AMERICA'S FIRST
RESPONDERS ACT OF 2021
Mr. OSSOFF. Mr. President, I ask
unanimous consent that the Chair lay
before the Senate the message to ac-
company s. 1511.
The Presiding Officer laid before the
Senate the following message from the
House of Representatives:
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S.
1511) entitled 'An Act to amend the Omnibus
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968
with respect to payments to certain public
safety officers who have become
nently and totally disabled as a result of per-
sonal injuries sustained in the line of duty,
and for other purposes.", do pass with an
Mr. OSSOFF. Mr. President, I move
and I ask unanimous consent that the
motion be agreed to and that the mo-
tion to reconsider be considered made
and laid upon the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
Without objection, it is so ordered.
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL NATIVE
AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH
Mr. OSSOFF. Mr. President, I ask
unanimous consent that the
proceed to the consideration of S. Res.
440, submitted earlier today.
clerk will report the resolution by
The senior assistant legislative clerk
A resolution (S. Res. 440) recognizing Na-
tional Native American Heritage Month and
celebrating the heritages and cultures of Na-
tive Americans and the contributions of Na-
tive Americans to the United States.
There being no objection, the Senate
proceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. OSSOFF. I know of no further
debate on the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
(1) PILOT PROGRAM
REQUIRED.—Not later
than 90 days after the date of the enactment
of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal
Administration,
coordination
with the Secretary of Defense,
lish a pilot program on developing and test-
ing improved management of special activity
supported by efficient scheduling
cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-
ized to meet during the session of the
Hearing none,
the question is on
agreeing to the resolution.
Senate on Thursday, November 4, 2021,
at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing.
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY
Mr. OSSOFF. I ask unanimous con-
The Committee on the Judiciary is
sent that the preamble be agreed to
(2) TESTING OF SPECIAL ACTIVITY AIRSPACE
authorized to meet during the session
and that the motions to reconsider be
SCHEDULING AND MANAGEMENT.—Under
the of the Senate on Thursday, November
considered made and laid upon the
