{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T15:58:15Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 202160, "source_ctime_ns": 1790463551026879602, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/army-regulation-70-57.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790463445430414385, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/army-regulation-70-57.pdf", "source_sha256": "651385bb7511c64f878eeda123a71f4b4c76b0a165f3e453c813713e9ef63b96"}

Army Regulation 70–57


           Research, Development, and
           Acquisition


           Army
           Technology
           Transfer


          Headquarters
          Department of the Army
          Washington, DC
          12 June 2018


UNCLASSIFIED
    SUMMARY of CHANGE
AR 70– 57
Army Technology Transfer

This major revision, dated 12 June 2018—

o   Changes title from “Military-Civilian Technology Transfer” to “Army Technology Transfer” (cover).

o   Clarifies the relationship between Army technology transfer and intellectual property (para 1– 1).

o   Implements new Department of Defense technology transfer policy and guidance, including Section 2539b, Title 10,
    United States Code with regard to samples, drawings, and manufacturing or other information as implemented under
    Department of Defense Directive 5535.11 (para 1–8a).

o   Provides guidance for Section 2539b, Title 10, United States Code with regard to testing services and leasing of
    laboratory space (para 1–8b).

o   Updates guidance on licensing of Army intellectual property (paras 1–10a, 1–10b(3), 1–10b(4), 1–10c, and 1–10d).

o   Provides policy on collection and distribution of royalties to non-government inventors and clarification regarding
    royalties or income to Army laboratories (para 1– 12 and app C).

o   Updates policy for cooperative research and development agreements and patent license agreements (paras 1– 14, 2– 1,
    2 – 2, 2– 3, 2–4a, and 2–4d).

o   Provides additional cooperative research and development agreements guidance requiring mandatory clauses (para 1–
    14b).

o   Updates delegations of authority for technology transfer mechanisms to the Assistant Secretary of the Army
    (Acquisition, Logistics and Technology) (para 2 – 1).

o   Requires the Army Director for Technology Transfer to establish a technology transfer database (2–1f(6)).

o   Updates responsibilities of laboratory commanders and directors and heads of research and technology applications
    offices (para 2–4d).
 Headquarters                                                                                 *Army Regulation 70–57
 Department of the Army
 Washington, DC
 12 June 2018                                                                                 Effective 12 July 2018
                                            Research, Development, and Acquisition
                                                  Army Technology Transfer
                                                  and local governments, and for other coop-      or senior leader of the requesting activity
                                                  erative efforts in research and development     and forwarded through their higher head-
                                                  necessary to provide new technologies of        quarters to the policy proponent. Refer to
                                                  interest to both the domestic and interna-      AR 25 – 30 for specific guidance.
                                                  tional civilian and military sectors.
                                                                                                  Army internal control process. This
                                                  Applicability. This regulation applies to       regulation contains internal controls in ac-
                                                  all research and development centers, la-       cordance with AR 11 –2 and identifies key
                                                  boratories, activities, and appropriate staff   internal controls that must be evaluated (see
                                                  elements of the Regular Army. It does not       appendix D).
                                                  apply to the Army National Guard/Army
                                                                                                  Supplementation. Supplementation of
                                                  National Guard of the United States or the
                                                                                                  this regulation and establishment of com-
                                                  U.S. Army Reserve.
                                                                                                  mand and local forms are prohibited with-
                                                  Proponent and exception authority. out prior approval from the Assistant Sec-
                                                  The proponent of this regulation is the As- retary of the Army (Acquisition, Logistics
History. This publication is a major revi-        sistant Secretary of the Army (Acquisition, and Technology) (SAAL– ZT), 103 Army
sion.                                             Logistics and Technology). The proponent Pentagon, Washington, DC 20310 – 0103.
Summary. This regulation implements               has the authority to approve exceptions or
                                                                                                  Suggested improvements. Users are
Section 3701 et seq., Title 15, United States     waivers to this regulation that are consistent
                                                                                                  invited to send comments and suggested
Code; Executive Order 12591; Department           with controlling law and regulations. The
                                                                                                  improvements on DA Form 2028 (Recom-
of Defense Directive 5535.3; and Depart-          proponent may delegate this approval au-
                                                                                                  mended Changes to Publications and Blank
ment of Defense Instruction 5535.8. It pre-       thority, in writing, to a division chief within
                                                                                                  Forms) directly to the Assistant Secretary
scribes Department of the Army policies           the proponent agency or its direct reporting
                                                                                                  of the Army (Acquisition, Logistics and
and responsibilities for technology transfer      unit or field operating agency, in the grade
                                                                                                  Technology) (SAAL– ZT), 103 Army Pen-
within the domestic civilian sector. Specif-      of colonel or the civilian equivalent. Activ-
                                                                                                  tagon, Washington, DC 20310 –0103.
ically, it provides policies and operational      ities may request a waiver to this regulation
guidelines for entering into cooperative re-      by providing justification that includes a Distribution. This publication is availa-
search and development agreements, for the        full analysis of the expected benefits and ble in electronic media only and is intended
licensing of intellectual property, for the       must include formal review by the activ- for the Regular Army.
provision of technical assistance to State        ity’s senior legal officer. All waiver re-
                                                  quests will be endorsed by the commander


Contents (Listed by paragraph and page number)

Chapter 1
General, page 1

Section I
Introduction, page 1
Purpose • 1 – 1, page 1
References • 1– 2, page 1
Explanation of abbreviations and terms • 1 – 3, page 1
Responsibilities • 1 – 4, page 1

Section II
Technology Transfer Policy, page 1
Technology transfer • 1 – 5, page 1
Funding at specified laboratories and centers • 1 – 6, page 1


*This regulation supersedes AR 70–57, dated 26 February 2004.
                                                         AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018                                                           i
                                                    UNCLASSIFIED
Contents—Continued


Cooperative research and development agreements • 1 – 7, page 1
Samples, drawings, information, equipment, materials, and certain services • 1– 8, page 2
Allocation of intellectual property rights • 1 – 9, page 2
Licensing of Army intellectual property • 1– 10, page 2
Appeals of Army licensing determinations • 1 – 11, page 3
Distribution of royalties and other income • 1 – 12, page 3
Use of royalties • 1 – 13, page 3
Transfer to and collaboration with foreign-owned or foreign-controlled entities • 1 – 14, page 3
Controlled unclassified information • 1 – 15, page 4
Participation in the Federal Laboratory Consortium • 1 – 16, page 4
Competition with private enterprise • 1 – 17, page 4
Conflict of interest and ethics • 1 – 18, page 4
Designation as a specified laboratory or center • 1 – 19, page 4

Chapter 2
Responsibilities, page 4
The Assistant Secretary of the Army (Acquisition, Logistics and Technology) • 2 – 1, page 4
The Department of the Army Office of General Counsel • 2 – 2, page 5
The U.S. Army Legal Services Agency • 2 – 3, page 5
Army command, Army service component command, and direct reporting unit commanders who head technology-devel-
  oping agencies • 2 – 4, page 5

Appendixes
A. References, page 8
B. Appeal Procedures, page 11
C. Distribution of Royalties, page 12
D. Internal Control Evaluation, page 14

Glossary


ii                                             AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018
Chapter 1
General
Section I
Introduction

1– 1. Purpose
This regulation implements Section 3701 et seq., Title 15, United States Code (15 USC 3701 et seq.); EO 12591; DODD
5535.3; and DODI 5535.8 and prescribes policies and responsibilities for technology transfer within the Department of the
Army (DA). While this regulation provides policy and guidance concerning the transfer of intellectual property between
the military and civilian communities, general DA policy concerning intellectual property is found in AR 27 – 60. Trade-
mark licensing is covered by AR 27 – 60 and the Army Trademark Licensing Program policies and guidance. Trademark
licensing policy and guidance described herein apply only when ancillary to patent or copyright licensing.

1– 2. References
See appendix A.

1– 3. Explanation of abbreviations and terms
See the glossary.

1– 4. Responsibilities
Responsibilities are listed in chapter 2.

Section II
Technology Transfer Policy

1– 5. Technology transfer
DA policy prescribes the use of technology transfer as an integral component of research and development (R&D) through
a variety of technology transfer mechanisms and to encourage technology transfer from all appropriate R&D activities,
consistent with the military mission. The commanders or directors of specified Army laboratories and centers have the
responsibility and the authority to enter into cooperative research and development agreements (CRADAs) in accordance
with 15 USC 3710a to license, assign, or waive rights to intellectual property developed by the organization or whose
custody and administration is transferred, or assigned to the government as a result of their organization’s activities; and
to support active marketing and assistance by their laboratories or centers, including participation in economic develop-
ment organizations, contracting with partnership intermediaries, and providing technical assistance to State and local gov-
ernments and local educational systems.

1– 6. Funding at specified laboratories and centers
Funding will be made available to accomplish technology transfer by the Army and its specified laboratories and centers.

1– 7. Cooperative research and development agreements
Efforts under CRADAs will be for specified R&D consistent with the missions of the laboratory and will be for a specified
duration. Special consideration will be given to entering into CRADAs with small-business firms and consortia involving
small-business firms as well as to businesses located in the United States or those that agree that products embodying
inventions made under the CRADA or produced through the use of such inventions will be manufactured substantially in
the United States. Commanders or directors will apply fairness and sound judgment in the selection of parties with whom
to enter into CRADAs. Competitive procedures normally associated with awards of procurement contracts need not be
applied to CRADAs. A CRADA will not be used when a government procurement contract or a government-to-govern-
ment international cooperative research, development, and acquisition (ICRDA) agreement or Information Exchange Pro-
gram (IEP) annex is the appropriate instrument for accomplishing the R&D effort. AR 70 – 41 provides policy guidance
for the development of ICRDA agreements and IEP annexes.


                                               AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018                                                  1
1– 8. Samples, drawings, information, equipment, materials, and certain services
   a. The Army has authority under 10 USC 2539b to sell, rent, lend, or give samples, drawings, and manufacturing or
other information; to sell, rent, or lend government equipment or materials; to make available to any person or entity, at
an appropriate fee, the services of any government laboratory, center, range, or other testing facility for the testing of
materials, equipment, models, computer software, and other items; and to make available to any person or entity to include
foreign corporations or foreign organizations, through leases, contracts, or other appropriate arrangements, facilities, ser-
vices, and equipment of any government laboratory, research center, or range. This authority is implemented under DODI
5535.11 and DOD 7000.14 – R, Volume 11A, Chapter 14, as delegated from the Secretary of the Army (SECARMY) to
the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Acquisition, Logistics and Technology) (ASA (ALT)), and further delegated by the
ASA (ALT) to directors and commanders of Army laboratories, centers, ranges, or other facilities or activities that own or
have control of the types of facilities, equipment, information, and personnel as specified in DODI 5535.11. All require-
ments in the implementing authority will be complied with in exercising this delegated authority.
   b. Under 10 USC 2539b the results of tests performed with services made available by an Army laboratory, center,
range, or other testing facility for the testing of materials, equipment, models, computer software, and other items are
confidential and may not be disclosed outside the Federal Government without the consent of the persons for whom the
tests are performed.

1– 9. Allocation of intellectual property rights
Allocation of intellectual property rights will be accomplished in accordance with 35 USC 200 et seq., 10 USC 2539b, and
15 USC 3710a, as implemented by DODD 5535.3, DODI 5535.8, and DODI 5535.11.

1– 10. Licensing of Army intellectual property
   a. Licensing of Army inventions will be accomplished in accordance with 35 USC 200 et seq.; Part 404, Title 37, Code
of Federal Regulations (37 CFR 404); and 15 USC 3710a(b)(1).
   b. In addition to the requirements of 35 USC 200 et seq. and 37 CFR 404, commanders or directors of Army laborato-
ries—
   (1) Respond in writing to any written objections received in accordance with the notification requirements of 35 USC
209(e) and 37 CFR 404.7. Such responses will contain an explanation of the laboratory’s position in connection with each
issue raised.
   (2) Prepare a written determination addressing how the proposed license grant would comply with 35 USC 209(a), (b),
and (c) and 37 CFR 404.7.
   (3) Maintain an administrative record that includes all documents received or generated in conjunction with the grant
of an exclusive or partially exclusive license. Any information the applicant provides that is proprietary, confidential, or
otherwise subject to protection under 5 USC 552 from disclosure will be appropriately marked and protected.
   (4) Maintain administrative records in accordance with the Army Records Information Management System (see AR
25– 400 – 2). The administrative record maintaining licensing documentation, financial records, plans, and so forth of Army
inventions is protected by 5 USC 552. Certain information, for example, trade secrets or commercial or financial infor-
mation that is privileged or confidential within the record is treated as obtained from a person and privileged/confidential
and therefore not subject to disclosure (refer to 35 USC 209). Drafters of licenses should be wary of agreeing to confiden-
tiality terms that interfere with Army management and oversight of the Army Technology Transfer Program (ATTP).
Nonetheless, persons with access to privileged/confidential information will take care that such information is not distrib-
uted to persons without proper authorization.
   c. Licensing of copyrights assigned to the United States of America as represented by the SECARMY will comply with
the Miscellaneous Receipts Act (31 USC 3302(b)). Absent specific statutory authorization, all funds received for use of a
copyright assigned to United States must be deposited in the general fund of the U.S Treasury as miscellaneous receipts.
If a work protected by copyright discloses subject matter that is or may be patentable, the work may be licensed according
to paragraph 1–10a and any funds received, distributed in accordance with appendix C.
   d. Licensing of Army Trademarks will be accomplished in accordance with 10 USC 2260, DODD 5535.09, AR 27– 60,
AR 601– 208, and the Army Trademark Licensing Program as implemented by the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Man-
power and Reserve Affairs).
   e. A license of Army intellectual property will not include any provision that would allow a licensee to file an enforce-
ment lawsuit against an alleged infringer unless 30 days’ notice (and a copy of the draft or final license) has been given to
the Chief, Regulatory Law and Intellectual Property Division (JALS– RL/IP) of the U.S. Army Legal Services Agency
(USALSA) that a license will include such a provision. JALS – RL/IP must provide any objection to such a provision
during the 30 day review period. The license provision must require the licensee to notify JALS – RL/IP, USALSA at least
30 days prior to either filing an enforcement suit or sending a cease and desist letter to an alleged infringer.

2                                               AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018
1– 11. Appeals of Army licensing determinations
Parties who may appeal Army licensing determinations are designated within 37 CFR 404.11.
   a. The Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army (Research and Technology) (DASA(R&T)) is designated as the appel-
late authority for appeals pursuant to this section.
   b. Appeals will be filed within 30 days of receiving actual or constructive knowledge of the basis for the appeal. If the
30th calendar day falls on a weekend or Federal holiday, then the appeal will be due the next business day. The procedures
for an appeal are detailed in appendix B.

1– 12. Distribution of royalties and other income
All royalties received by the Army for the licensing of Army-owned inventions will be distributed in accordance with 15
USC 3710c, DODI 5535.8, DFAS– IN Regulation 37 – 1, and appendix C of this regulation. Paragraph C– 1 provides a list
of questions for determining how patent royalties received by the Army are shared with inventor(s), while paragraph C– 2
provides specific guidance to be followed for distributing royalties to inventors and using royalties in excess of those
required to be distributed to inventors for other purposes authorized by statute.

1– 13. Use of royalties
Royalties may be used for the purposes outlined in 15 USC 3710c and DODI 5535.8 (for example, technology transfer,
research, and so forth).

1– 14. Transfer to and collaboration with foreign-owned or foreign-controlled entities
To the maximum extent practicable, activity commanders or directors should seek collaborative opportunities with U.S.-
based domestic entities.
   a. DA policy promotes the economic, environmental, and societal good of U.S. citizens and strengthens the ability of
U.S. industry to compete in the global marketplace by encouraging U.S. or domestic exploitation of federally-developed
technologies wherever possible. To the maximum extent practicable, activity commanders or directors should seek collab-
orative opportunities with, and give preference to, U.S.-based domestic entities. When contemplating collaborations with
foreign entities, activity commanders or directors must determine if such foreign participation is consistent with U.S. and
Department of Defense (DOD) policy, and which legal mechanism best supports the proposed collaboration.
   (1) For all proposed technology transfer collaborations or patent license agreements (PLA) with foreign-owned or for-
eign-controlled entities, appropriate laboratory and center officials must determine if the International Traffic in Arms
Regulations (22 CFR Subchapter M, Parts 120 through 130), the Export Administration Regulations (15 CFR Subchapter
C, Parts 730 through 774), and DOD guidance require control of the technology to be transferred.
   (2) Unless prior concurrence is obtained from the DA Office of the General Counsel (OGC) (International Law), all
proposed technology transfer collaborations or PLAs with foreign government defense agencies involving the defense or
military articles, materials, equipment, services, and technical data—as defined under the International Traffic in Arms
Regulations (22 CFR Part 120)—must be undertaken under “international agreements” such as ICRDAs (AR 70 – 41) or
IEP annexes.
   (3) If the decision is made to execute a CRADA or PLA with a foreign entity or government, the activity commander
or director will, as outlined in EO 12591, consider whether such entity or government permits and encourages U.S. partic-
ipation on a comparable basis, whether that foreign government has policies that protect U.S. intellectual property rights,
and whether that foreign government has adopted adequate measures to prevent the transfer of strategic technology to
destinations prohibited under national security export controls.
   b. Army laboratories or centers may enter into CRADAs directly with foreign governmental entities (for example,
ministries, universities, or agencies that carry out research activities) under certain restrictions. In addition to the steps and
reviews set forth in paragraphs 1–14a(1) through 1–14a(3), any CRADA with a foreign governmental entity must contain
clauses that provide (in effect) that:
   (1) “The Parties recognize and agree that THIS IS NOT AN INTERNATIONAL AGREEMENT, that international law
is not applicable to this Agreement, and that international law does not govern the interpretation of the provisions of this
Agreement.”
   (2) “Any dispute arising under this Agreement which is not disposed of by agreement of the principal investigators
shall be submitted jointly to the signatories of this Agreement (or their successors). A joint decision of the signatories or
their designees shall be the disposition of such dispute. If the Parties cannot reach a joint decision, either Party may termi-
nate this Agreement immediately. The Parties agree that no court, tribunal, or similar judicial or administrative body of
the countries of either Party or of any international entity or country has jurisdiction or authority to consider, or rule on, or
provide enforceable judgment concerning disputes arising between the Parties under this Agreement.”


                                                  AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018                                                     3
   (3) “The terms of this Agreement affecting Intellectual Property rights, use of specimens (where applicable), and own-
ership of data for activities under this Agreement are not intended to and do not affect any other existing or future agree-
ments between any agency of the United States of America and any agency or regional or national authority of the Coop-
erator’s government.”
   (4) “Either party may unilaterally terminate this entire Agreement at any time by giving the other party written notice,
not less than 30 days prior to the desired termination date.”

1– 15. Controlled unclassified information
Controlled unclassified information used in or resulting from collaborative efforts under a CRADA and the marking and
dissemination of such information is controlled by DODI 5230.24, DODD 5230.25, and AR 380– 5. Release of trade secret,
commercial or financial information that is privileged or confidential under the meaning of 5 USC 552(b)(4) is governed
by the provisions of the Freedom of Information Act (5 USC 552(b)) or, for CRADAs or patent licenses, 15 USC
3710a(c)(7).

1– 16. Participation in the Federal Laboratory Consortium
The Federal Laboratory Consortium (FLC) is an entity comprised of all Federal R&D laboratories and organizations that
facilitates the transfer of Federal technology under the authority of 15 USC 3710(e). Army laboratories and centers are
encouraged to participate in and support the FLC.

1– 17. Competition with private enterprise
In the execution of the ATTP, appropriate care will be taken to avoid actions that might create actual or apparent undue
influence over, or undue competition with, private enterprise.

1– 18. Conflict of interest and ethics
Managers at all levels will ensure that actions taken under the ATTP are accomplished without actual or apparent personal
or organizational conflicts of interest that violate statutory or regulatory ethics standards. Refer to DOD 5500.7 – R and
other statutes or regulations, as applicable.

1– 19. Designation as a specified laboratory or center
Commanders and directors of organizations that have not been designated as a specified laboratory or center whose organ-
ization would be considered a laboratory under the definition in 15 USC 3710a(d)(2) may contact the ASA (ALT) through
their chain of command to request designation as a specified laboratory or center. Requests should be addressed to the
Army Director for Technology Transfer (ADTT), be endorsed by all intermediate commanders or directors, and provide
justification for the request.

Chapter 2
Responsibilities

2– 1. The Assistant Secretary of the Army (Acquisition, Logistics and Technology)
The ASA (ALT) is delegated all the authorities provided to the head of the agency by 15 USC 3701 et seq.; the authorities
provided to the SECARMY by 10 USC 2539b(a) and DODI 5535.11; and is responsible for DA policy and guidance
regarding all technology transfer and foreign CRADA activities. The ASA (ALT), or his or her designee, will—
   a. Institute policies and procedures under which laboratories and centers may be authorized to license, assign, or waive
rights to intellectual property and distribute royalties and other payments in accordance with DODI 5535.8.
   b. Specify the Army laboratories and centers authorized to participate in the ATTP and those that must establish an
Office of Research and Technology Applications (ORTA) or equivalent organizational element.
   c. Review, or have reviewed on their behalf, all agreements with foreign entities that license Army-owned intellectual
property (including PLAs, other invention licenses and copyright licenses, but excluding trademark licenses) and all signed
CRADAs that are with a foreign entity as defined in EO 12591 or involve the receipt of more than $1 million in funds in
any one fiscal year from the non-Federal entity. This review for conformance with applicable law, regulation, and Army
policy will be completed within 30 days of receipt of the agreement by the ADTT and the DA OGC. All documents
associated with review of agreements, PLAs, and CRADAs will be maintained and disposed of in accordance with AR
25 – 400 – 2.
   d. Transfer to the National Institute of Standards and Technology, for use by the FLC on an annual basis, those funds
required to be transferred pursuant to 15 USC 3710(e)(6)(A).


4                                              AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018
   e. Designate the DASA(R&T) as the Army official for deciding appeals pursuant to 37 CFR 404.11.
   f. Designate the ADTT to perform the following on behalf of the ASA (ALT)—
   (1) Monitor the ATTP and the levels of effort of all Army specified laboratories and centers to ensure compliance with
DOD policy and law on technology transfer.
   (2) Provide policy guidance on technology transfer to the technology-developing agencies and their specified laborato-
ries and centers.
   (3) Coordinate and support the activities of all Army ORTAs.
   (4) Serve as the Army agency representative in all matters concerning technology transfer.
   (5) Review Army CRADAs and PLAs that require review, as set forth in paragraph 2–1c, within 30 days of receipt by
the ADTT and DA OGC, and, if necessary, disapprove or require modification to achieve conformance with applicable
law, regulation, and Army policy.
   (6) Establish, and maintain, as part of the Army’s Business Enterprise Systems Architecture, a business process auto-
mation tool that automates the required reporting of Army CRADAs and PLAs to the Office of the Secretary of Defense,
and creates a repository of these Army agreements. The tool will provide program data, activity, and effectiveness. The
agreements reporting tool will serve as the Army’s sole reporting mechanism for new CRADAs and PLAs, which allows
for required Headquarters, DA reviews of foreign agreements or CRADAs generating 1 million dollars or more per year.
Any systematic data outputs from the database established for the collection of program data will be maintained in accord-
ance with AR 25– 400 – 2.
   (7) Provide input for periodic and special reports, as required.
   (8) Establish, maintain, and disseminate to all Army ORTAs, a listing of Army ORTA contact information no less than
once per year.

2– 2. The Department of the Army Office of General Counsel
The DA OGC is responsible for providing legal advice to the ADTT to include reviewing for legal sufficiency all CRADAs
and PLAs requiring review, as set forth in paragraph 2–1c within the 30-day review period, in consultation with the
JALS– RL/IP of the USALSA on intellectual property matters, on behalf of the ASA (ALT).

2– 3. The U.S. Army Legal Services Agency
The USALSA (JALS– RL/IP) will provide, upon request from the ADTT, consultation to the DA OGC on intellectual
property matters relating to CRADAs and PLAs.

2– 4. Army command, Army service component command, and direct reporting unit commanders who
head technology-developing agencies
Commanders of Army commands, Army service component commands, direct reporting units and heads of other technol-
ogy-developing agencies that have supervisory responsibility for at least one laboratory or center as defined in 15 USC
3710a(d)(2) will ensure the execution of the policies set forth in this regulation within their command or agency. They—
   a. May enter into CRADAs and license, assign, or waive rights to intellectual property created in their organization or
assigned to the government as a result of their organization’s activities, for example the funding of a research and devel-
opment contract or from a CRADA, as needed.
   b. May exercise the authorities themselves, as needed, to execute a CRADA or to license intellectual property created
in their organization or assigned to the government as a result of their organization’s activities.
   c. Will designate a point of contact for technology transfer at their headquarters. Designees will provide a chain of
communication, monitor and support program performance in their organization, support the ADTT to coordinate tech-
nology transfer for research development testing and evaluation activities in their organization, and ensure the execution
of stated Army policies.
   d. Will designate the commanders and directors of laboratories and centers within the command to implement the pol-
icies specified by law including DODD 5535.3 and DODI 5535.8 at their specific laboratory or center. Additionally, the
commander or director of each specified laboratory or center identified by the ASA (ALT)—
   (1) May enter into CRADAs, partnership intermediary agreements (15 USC 3715), education partnerships, and any
other authorized technology transfer agreement unless specifically withheld by a higher authority and license, assign, or
waive rights to intellectual property created in their organization, or whose custody and administration is transferred, or
assigned to the government as a result of their organization’s activities, as appropriate.
   (2) Will ensure that CRADAs and other technology transfer mechanisms are reviewed by the servicing legal office for
legal sufficiency and comply with appropriate conflict of interest and ethics rules, security regulations and other policies
disclosure of controlled unclassified information and classified military information governing, export control laws and
regulations.

                                               AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018                                                  5
   (3) Will establish a staff-level ORTA, or equivalent identifiable organizational element, adequately staffed and funded
to execute the policies and perform the functions required by law or specified in this regulation.
   (4) Will assure that at least one full-time equivalent position be devoted to the performance of the ORTA functions if
the specified laboratory or center has 200 or more full-time equivalent professional scientific, engineering and related
technical personnel. In organizations with less than 200 full-time technical staff, staffing should be adequate to accomplish
the technology transfer mission.
   (5) Will make available adequate funds for support of the ORTA and related activities, and as appropriate, for services
of partnership intermediaries and for in-kind contributions to CRADAs.
   (6) Will ensure that technology transfer is a high priority in their laboratories or centers and is a visible element in R&D
program planning.
   (7) Will include goals for, and objectives of, technology transfer in the performance standards of appropriate technical
managers, scientists and engineers of the activity and assure that technology transfer efforts are considered positively in
job descriptions, promotion policies, and evaluations of job performance.
   (8) Will execute an awards program, including cash awards, to recognize technology transfer accomplishments by sci-
entific, engineering and support staff (refer to 15 USC 3710b and AR 672 – 20).
   (9) May provide technical assistance to State and local governments and local educational organizations.
   (10) Consistent with export control laws and regulations, may loan or give research equipment or educationally useful
Federal equipment that is excess to the needs of the laboratory or center to educational institutions or nonprofit institutions
for the conduct of technical and scientific education and research activities (refer to 15 USC 3710(i), 10 USC 2194, and
EO 12999).
   (11) Will establish administrative procedures and support staff training on compliance with export control laws and
regulations and ICRDA (that is, international agreements) and foreign disclosure regulations to ensure that the appropriate
international technology transfer mechanism is used and that no restricted or controlled technologies are transferred to
foreign entities without appropriate coordination and documentation with the organization’s foreign disclosures officer.
   (12) Will provide appropriate and adequate training to ORTA personnel involved in technology transfer activities and
ensure that they are included in the organization’s management development program.
   (13) Will support the participation of ORTA and legal staff in technology transfer activities and networking opportuni-
ties including, but not limited to: FLC, the DOD Technology Transfer Integrated Planning Team, and State and local
economic development and educational organizations.
   (14) Will ensure that any contract, CRADA, or other technology transfer agreement entered into by their organization
contains language that adequately protects government intellectual property that has been reviewed and approved by the
servicing legal office.
   (15) Will designate the head for the ORTA at their laboratory or center to manage the technology transfer activities of
the laboratory or center, including establishing cooperative R&D, licensing intellectual property, and providing technical
assistance. Each ORTA will—
   (a) Assess selected R&D projects for potential commercial application.
   (b) Provide and disseminate information on federally owned or federally originated products, processes, and services
to State and local governments, schools, and potential private sector partners.
   (c) Cooperate with and assist the FLC and other organizations that link the R&D resources of that activity and the
Federal Government as a whole, to potential users in State and local government, academia, and U.S. private industry.
   (d) Provide technical assistance, when requested and as appropriate, to State and local governments, school systems,
and nonprofit organizations.
   (e) Participate, where feasible, in regional, State, and local public and private programs designed to facilitate or stimu-
late the transfer of technology for the benefit of the region, State, or local jurisdiction in which the activity is located.
   (f) Perform marketing and outreach activities in accordance with DODI 5535.8.
   (g) Provide laboratory representation and support to the FLC.
   (h) Assist program managers and technical personnel in identifying technologies suitable for transfer and for which
application assessments need to be developed.
   (i) Identify inventions for which notification of availability for exclusive licensing is required by law and publicize such
availability.
   (j) Coordinate technology transfer activities with patent counsel to determine rights to technical data, patent and licens-
ing implications, and the commercial potential of patentable technology.
   (k) Negotiate or assist in negotiating CRADAs and PLAs and provide appropriate staff coordination.


6                                                AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018
   (l) Ensure all CRADAs and PLAs receive legal review prior to entering an agreement to ensure that the agreement
conforms to all applicable statutes, regulations, executive orders, and binding instructions issued within DOD. This in-
cludes ensuring that any proposed non-Federal entity is not on a debarred and suspended contractor listing in accordance
with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 9.401 and EOs 12549 and 12689.
   (m) Ensure that no technology transfer activities directly or unduly compete with services available in the private sector.
   (n) Document determinations made by laboratory officials when entering into agreements with foreign entities that
ensure no technology transfer activities conflict with ICRDA and export control regulations, policies governing controlled
unclassified information and classified military information, or any other of the responsibilities and procedures for tech-
nology transfer control within DOD in the official laboratory CRADA or PLA administrative record. Such documentation
may include letters, emails, faxes, and checklists (see para 1– 14.)
   (o) Prepare an annual technology transfer business plan in accordance with DODI 5535.8, describing how technology
transfer responsibilities were addressed in the current year and identifying planned activities for the year ahead and submit
to the ADTT as requested.
   (p) Forward a signed copy of the final negotiated version of all CRADAs and license agreements requiring review, as
set forth in paragraph 2–1c, to the ADTT and DA OGC to begin the 30 day review.
   (q) Promptly comply with the requirements and procedures established by the ADTT to enter a signed copy of all
CRADAs and other specified license agreements into the official Army database.
   (r) Maintain data and program records in accordance with AR 25 – 400 – 2; provide program status, information, and
reports as requested by the ADTT or higher authority.
   (s) Provide technology transfer advice and expertise to scientific, engineering and technical personnel within the labor-
atory and ensure the technical staff receives technology transfer education and training.


                                                AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018                                                   7
Appendix A
References
Section I
Required Publications
AR 27– 60
Intellectual Property (Cited in para 1– 1.)
AR 70 – 41
International Cooperative Research, Development and Acquisition (Cited in para 1 – 7.)
AR 380 – 5
Department of the Army Information Security Program (Cited in para 1– 15.)
AR 601 – 208
The Army Brand and Marketing Program (Cited in para 1–10d.)
AR 672– 20
Incentive Awards (Cited in para 2–4d(8).)
DFAS– IN Regulation 37 – 1
Finance and Accounting Policy            Implementation   (Cited   in   para   1 – 12.)   (Available   at   http://www.as-
afm.army.mil/budget/di/di.asp.)
DODD 5230.25
Withholding of Unclassified Technical Data from Public Disclosure (Cited in para 1 – 15.) (Available at
http://www.esd.whs.mil/DD/.)
DODD 5535.3
DOD Domestic Technology Transfer (T2) Program (Cited in para 1– 1.) (Available at http://www.esd.whs.mil/DD/.)
DODD 5535.09
DOD Branding and Trademark Licensing Program (Cited in para 1–10d.) (Available at http://www.esd.whs.mil/DD/.)
DODI 5230.24
Distribution Statements on Technical Documents (Cited in para 1 – 15.) (Available at http://www.esd.whs.mil/DD/.)
DODI 5535.8
DOD Technology Transfer (T2) Program (Cited in para 1 – 1.) (Available at http://www.esd.whs.mil/DD/.)
DODI 5535.11
Availability of Samples, Drawings, Information, Equipment, Materials, and Certain Services to Non-DOD Persons and
Entities (Cited in para 1–8a.) (Available at http://www.esd.whs.mil/DD/.)
EO 12549
Debarment and Suspension (Cited in paragraph 2–4d(15)(l).) (Available at https://www.archives.gov/federal-register.)
EO 12591
Facilitating Access to Science and Technology (Cited in para 1– 1.) (Available at https://www.archives.gov/federal-regis-
ter.)
EO 12689
Debarment and Suspension (Cited in para 2–4d(15)(l).) (Available at https://www.archives.gov/federal-register.)
EO 12999
Educational Technology: Ensuring Opportunity for All Children in the Next Century (Cited in para 2–4d(10).) (Available
at https://www.archives.gov/federal-register.)
FAR Subpart 9.401
Debarment, Suspension, and Ineligibility (Cited in para 2–4d(15)(l).) (Available at https://acquisition.gov/far/cur-
rent/html/subpart%209_4.html.)


8                                             AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018
15 CFR Subchapter C, Parts 730 through 774
Export Administration Regulations (Cited             in   para   1–14a(1).)    (Available    at   https://www.ecfr.gov/cgi-
bin/ecfr?page=browse.)
22 CFR Subchapter M, Parts 120 – 130
International Traffic in Arms Regulations (Cited in para 1–14a(1).) (Available at https://www.ecfr.gov/cgi-
bin/ecfr?page=browse.)
37 CFR 404
Licensing of Government Owned Inventions (Cited in para 1–10a.) (Available at https://www.ecfr.gov/cgi-
bin/ecfr?page=browse.)
5 USC 552
Freedom of Information Act (Cited in para 1–10b(3).)
10 USC 2194
Education Partnerships (Cited in para 2–4d(10).)
10 USC 2260
Licensing of intellectual property: retention of fees (Cited in para 1–10d.)
10 USC 2539b
Availability of samples, drawings, information, equipment, materials, and certain services (Cited in para 1–8a.)
15 USC 3701 et seq.
Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (Cited in para 1 – 1.)
31 USC 3302
Custodians of money (Cited in para 1–10c.)

Section II
Related Publications
A related publication is a source of additional information. The user does not have to read a related reference to understand
this publication. Army publications are available on the Army Publishing Directorate website at http://armypubs.army.mil.
USC is available at http://uscode.house.gov/.
AR 11– 2
Managers’ Internal Control Program
AR 25– 30
Army Publishing Program
AR 25– 400 – 2
The Army Records Information Management System (ARIMS)
AR 380– 10
Foreign Disclosure and Contacts with Foreign Representatives
DOD 5500.7 – R
Joint Ethics Regulation (JER) (Available at http://www.esd.whs.mil/DD/.)
DOD 7000.14 – R, Volume 11A, Chapter 14
Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation (FMR) Availability Through Sale or Fee For Use of Samples,
Drawings, Information, Equipment, and Certain Services by a Government Laboratory, Center, Range, or Testing Facility
(Available at http://comptroller.defense.gov/fmr.aspx.)
5 USC 4504
Presidential awards
7 USC 2321 et seq.
Plant Variety Protection Act
10 USC 2195
Department of Defense cooperative education programs


                                                AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018                                                  9
10 USC 2358
Research and development projects
10 USC 2371
Research projects: transactions other than contracts and grants
10 USC 2501
National security strategy for national technology and industrial base
10 USC 2506
DOD technology and industrial base policy guidance
10 USC 2514
Encouragement of technology transfer
10 USC 2515
Office of Technology Transition
15 USC 632
Definitions
15 USC 3703(7)
Definitions
15 USC 3710a
Cooperative research and development agreements
15 USC 3710(e)
Establishment of Federal Laboratory Consortium for Technology Transfer
15 USC 3715
Use of partnership intermediaries
35 USC
Patents
35 USC 200
Policy and objective
35 USC 207
Domestic and foreign protection of federally owned inventions
35 USC 208
Regulations governing Federal licensing
35 USC 209
Licensing federally owned inventions
35 USC 281 et seq.
Remedy for infringement of patent

Section III
Prescribed Forms
This section contains no entries.

Section IV
Referenced Forms
Unless otherwise indicated,         DA    Forms   are   available   on   the   Army   Publishing   Directorate   website
(http://armypubs.army.mil).
DA Form 11 – 2
Internal Control Evaluation Certification
DA Form 2028
Recommended Changes to Publications and Blank Forms


10                                             AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018
Appendix B
Appeal Procedures

B– 1. Purpose
This guidance describes the basis for appealing a decision of an Army laboratory concerning the grant, denial, interpreta-
tion, modification, or termination of a license for any invention administered by the DA and establishes procedures for
reviewing and responding to such appeals. All previous procedures are superseded. This guidance implements 37 CFR
404.11, which requires Federal agencies to establish procedures under which certain parties may appeal decisions or de-
terminations relating to the licensing of government-owned inventions by that agency.

B– 2. Parties who may appeal
Parties who may appeal Army licensing determinations are contained within 37 CFR 404.11.

B– 3. Appellate authority
The DASA(R&T) is designated as the appellate authority for appeals pursuant to 37 CFR 404.11 and paragraph 2–1e.

B– 4. Procedures for appeal
   a. The appellant will file a written notice of appeal along with a supporting brief to the appellate authority
(DASA(R&T)), 103 Army Pentagon, Room (2E525), Washington, DC 20310 – 0103, with a copy furnished to the com-
mander or director of the Army laboratory (the director), no later than 30 calendar days after receiving actual or construc-
tive knowledge of the basis for the appeal. If the 30th calendar day falls on a weekend or Federal holiday, then the appeal
will be due the next business day. The brief will concisely state the grounds for the appeal and include copies of all pertinent
documents. The brief must include concise arguments as to why the director’s decision should be rejected or modified.
Additionally, any information the appellant provides that is proprietary, confidential, or otherwise subject to protection
from disclosure will be appropriately marked. The Army will assume that any information provided is not confidential or
proprietary unless marked appropriately. Upon review of the appeal, the appellate authority, or his or her designee, may
require submission of additional information or documentation. Appeals will be decided on the basis of written documents,
and appellants will not be entitled to an adversary hearing.
   b. The director will provide, to the appellate authority, a response to the appellant’s appeal no later than 30 calendar
days from the director’s receipt of the appellant’s written appeal. Such response will thoroughly but concisely respond to
each of the issues raised by the appellant’s appeal. Additionally, the director will provide, also within 30 calendar days, a
copy of the administrative record maintained in accordance with paragraph 1–10b(3).
   c. The appellate authority may notify the current license holder, if applicable, or other interested parties that an appeal
is pending and may request such parties to provide comments.
   d. If the appellate authority deems it appropriate, they may appoint an individual or a committee to review the admin-
istrative record, including all documents submitted in support of the appeal. The committee is not required to meet as a
group, but may instead review the administrative record individually and provide individual written recommendations to
the appellate authority.
   e. Approximately 90 calendar days after receiving the written appeal, the appellate authority will send their decision to
the appellant. The decision of the appellate authority will constitute a final decision by the DA.
   f. All documentation, recommendations, and so forth submitted or created for the administrative record of the appeal
will be maintained in accordance with AR 25– 400 – 2.


                                                 AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018                                                   11
Appendix C
Distribution of Royalties

C– 1. Patent royalty distribution questions
  a. What patent(s) is/are covered by the PLA?
  b. If more than one government-owned patent is licensed, does the PLA allocate royalties by patent?
  c. What share of royalties is attributable to each patent licensed under the PLA?
  d. Is this the first royalty distribution during the fiscal year paid as a result of this/these patent(s) being licensed?
  e. As to each licensed patent: how many inventors have assigned their rights in the invention to the United States?
  f. What amount of the royalty payment goes to the inventor(s) and what amount goes to the laboratory?
  g. Did the inventors agree among themselves concerning each co-inventor's percent contribution to the invention evi-
denced by a written agreement submitted to the laboratory or center ORTA?
  h. To what amount is each inventor entitled?
  i. Are all of the inventors alive? If not, to whom will the royalty share of any deceased inventor be paid?
  j. Is there a current address for each inventor/authorized recipient?

C– 2. Distribution of royalties and other payments received by Army laboratories
   a. Royalties or other payments received on account of any invention licensed or assigned by an Army laboratory shall
be payable to the inventor or each co-inventor, as prescribed in the remainder of paragraph C– 2.
   b. The laboratory shall pay at least $2000 to the inventor or each co-inventor each year, plus equal shares of at least 20
percent of the remainder of the royalties or other payments, except as provided below. Government employee inventors
whose rights have been assigned to the United States are entitled to share in royalty distribution. Non-government em-
ployee inventors, whose rights have been assigned to the United States, either directly or indirectly through their employer,
are entitled to share in royalty distribution.
   c. If the royalties or other payments received in any given year are less than or equal to $2000, or for co-inventors, less
than or equal to $2000 times the number of inventors, the entire amount is paid to the inventor, or for co-inventors, the
entire amount is divided equally among the co-inventors. The inventor or co-inventors shall receive their prescribed share
of any royalties or other payments, as received by the Government on an annualized basis.
   d. When one or more inventions are licensed to more than one licensee, the “at least $2000” mandated by paragraph
C–2b will apply per invention per fiscal year and not per license agreement. This does not prohibit an Army laboratory
from paying at least $2000 per invention per license agreement.
   e. In the absence of extrinsic evidence to the contrary, royalty payments received under a PLA or assignment covering
more than one invention shall be presumed to accrue equally to each invention. Each distinct and unexpired patent or
patent application will be counted as one invention.
   f. In the absence of extrinsic evidence that co-inventors made unequal contributions to the invention, subject to review
and approval by the concerned legal counsel for the Army laboratory it shall be presumed that the co-inventors made equal
contributions to the invention and are entitled to equal shares of at least 20 percent of the remainder of the royalties or
other payments. One example of extrinsic evidence of unequal contribution is an agreement signed by all inventors speci-
fying the percent contribution of each inventor.
   g. In determining royalty distribution, royalties shall first be divided in accordance with paragraph C–2e and then among
all eligible inventors in accordance with paragraph C–2f.
   h. Royalties or other payments from inventions to any one person shall not exceed the statutory limit in 15 USC
3710c(a)(3) for each year, unless Presidential approval, as in 5 USC 4504 (reference C2-g) is received.
   i. An Army laboratory may provide applicable incentives from royalties or other payments to laboratory employees
who are not inventors or co-inventors of such inventions, but who substantially increase the technical and/or commercial
value of such inventions (for example, ORTA). When the incentive is in the form of a monetary payment, such payments
may be at any level subject to the authority of the activity that approved the payment, but such payments shall not exceed
the limits established in paragraphs C–2a through C–2h. Payments may be on a one-time or annual basis, and they shall
cease when the employee is no longer employed by that Army laboratory.
   j. Assignment and use of royalties or other payments income will be applied, in accordance with the following schedule:
   (1) Royalties or other payments shall be used by the end of the second fiscal year succeeding the fiscal year in which
the royalties and other payments were received consistent with 15 USC 3710c(a).
   (2) After assignment of royalties and other payments to inventors under paragraphs C–2a through C–2g, any remainder
may be used for the following:
   (a) Payment of expenses incidental to administration and licensing of inventions and other intellectual property.


12                                              AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018
   (b) Additional activities at the laboratory that increase the potential for transfer of Army technology.
   (c) Scientific R&D consistent with the R&D mission and objectives of activities at the Army laboratory.
   (d) Rewards for scientific, engineering and technical employees of activities at the Army laboratory.
   (e) Promotion of scientific exchange among other activities in the Army.
   (f) Education and training of employees consistent with the R&D mission and objectives of the Army laboratory.
   k. Royalty payments that have not been distributed to an inventor or co-inventors by the end of the fiscal year following
receipt due to the whereabouts of the inventor or co-inventor being unknown will be transferred to a Department of the
Treasury Trust Account for retention until the funds can be disbursed to the inventor or co-inventor or until such time as
the funds are transferred to the Department of the Treasury Trust fund for Unclaimed Monies.


                                               AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018                                                 13
Appendix D
Internal Control Evaluation

D– 1. Function
The function of the internal control evaluation is to ensure policies and responsibilities are followed for the Army technol-
ogy transfer program.

D– 2. Purpose
The purpose of the internal control evaluation is to assist designated individuals in evaluating the key internal controls
listed below. It is intended as a guide and does not cover all controls.

D– 3. Instruction
Answers must be based on the actual testing of key internal controls (for example, document analysis, direct observation,
and simulation). Answers that indicate deficiencies must be explained and corrective action indicated in supporting docu-
mentation. These internal controls must be evaluated at least once every 5 years. Certification that this evaluation has been
conducted must be accomplished on DA Form 11 – 2 (Internal Control Evaluation Certification).

D– 4. Test questions
   a. Is the ORTA established at the laboratory or organization?
   b. Has the laboratory or organization made available for adequate funds to support the ORTA and their activities?
   c. Is the head of the ORTA or equivalent organization at the laboratory or organization providing and disseminating
information on federally owned or federally originated products, processes, and services to State and local governments,
schools, and potential private sector partners?
   d. Has the annual technology transfer business plan for the previous fiscal year been submitted to the ADTT?

D– 5. Supersession
Not applicable.

D– 6. Comments
Help make this a better tool for evaluating internal controls. Submit comments to the Assistant Secretary of the Army
(Acquisition, Logistics and Technology) (SAAL– ZT), 103 Army Pentagon, Washington, DC 20310–0103.


14                                              AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018
Glossary
Section I
Abbreviations
ADTT
Army Director for Technology Transfer
AR
Army Regulation
ARIMS
Army Records Information Management System
ASA (ALT)
Assistant Secretary of the Army (Acquisition, Logistics and Technology)
ATTP
Army Technology Transfer Program
CFR
Code of Federal Regulations
CRADA
Cooperative Research and Development Agreement
DA
Department of the Army
DASA(R&T)
Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army (Research and Technology)
DOD
Department of Defense
DODD
Department of Defense directive
DODI
Department of Defense instruction
EO
executive order
FAR
Federal Acquisition Regulation
FLC
Federal Laboratory Consortium
ICRDA
International Cooperative Research, Development, and Acquisition
IEP
Information Exchange Program
JALS– RL/IP
The Regulatory Law and Intellectual Property Division of the U.S. Army Legal Services Agency
OGC
Office of the General Counsel
ORTA
Office of Research and Technology Applications
PLA
patent license agreement


                                             AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018                           15
R&D
research and development
SECARMY
Secretary of the Army
USALSA
U.S. Army Legal Services Agency
USC
United States Code

Section II
Terms
Army–owned invention
An invention, plant, or design that is covered by a patent or patent application in the United States or a patent, patent
application, plant variety protection, or other form of protection in a foreign country, the title to which has been assigned
to or otherwise vested in the U.S. government as represented by the Secretary of the Army.
Civilian agency
Non-DOD Federal, State, or local government components.
Cooperative research and development agreement
CRADAs (15 USC 3710a(d)(1)) include agreements between one or more Federal laboratories and one or more non-
Federal parties under which the laboratory provides personnel, services, facilities, equipment, or other resources (but not
funds), with or without reimbursement, and the non-Federal parties provide funds, personnel, services, facilities, equip-
ment, or other resources toward the conduct of specified research or development efforts that are consistent with the mis-
sions of the Army R&D activity. The term does not include procurements, grants, or other types of cooperative agreements
made under the authority of any other legislation.
Heads of technology–developing agencies
The commanders or other heads of major Army components responsible for the performance of R&D as well as the heads
of other equivalent organizations that may be made responsible for the performance of R&D within the Army.
Invention
Reference 15 USC 3703(7), an invention or discovery that is or may be patentable or otherwise protected under 35 USC
or any novel variety of plant that may be accountable under the Plant Variety Protection Act (7 USC 2321 et seq.).
National Institute of Standards and Technology
An element of the Department of Commerce, formerly called the National Bureau of Standards, that has responsibility
under 15 USC 3710(e)(7)(A) for collecting and administering funds on behalf of the FLC.
National Technical Information Service
An element of the Department of Commerce that serves as a clearinghouse for collecting, disseminating, and transferring
technical information having potential for use by the private sector and civilian agencies. It cooperates with the ORTAs of
the Federal laboratories in disseminating information on laboratory technology.
Partnership intermediary
An agency of a State or local government or a nonprofit entity owned in whole or in part by, chartered by, funded in whole
or in part by, or operated in whole or in part by or on behalf of a State or local government, that assists, counsels, advises,
evaluates, or otherwise cooperates with small-business firms that need or can make demonstrably productive use of tech-
nology-related assistance from a Federal laboratory.
Patent license agreement
A legal agreement that grants a license to use or practice an invention.
Practical application
To manufacture, in the case of a composition or product; to practice, in the case of a process or method; or to operate, in
the case of a machine or system—in each case, under such conditions as to establish that the invention is being used and
that its benefits are, to the extent permitted by law or government regulations, available to the public on reasonable terms.


16                                               AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018
Small business firm
This term is the same as that used in Army procurement. It is precisely defined by 15 USC 632, the implementing regula-
tions of the Administrator of the Small Business Administration.
Specified laboratories and centers
Army R&D laboratories and centers that conform to the definition of a laboratory in 15 USC 3710a(d)(2)(A) and have
been designated by the ASA (ALT) as organizations authorized to participate in the ATTP.
Technical assistance
Problem analysis, assistance in the development and interpretation of technical information, hands-on technical help from
laboratory volunteers, or limited projects in the laboratory where they do not compete with available services in the private
sector (see DODI 5535.8).
Technology transfer
The intentional communication or sharing of knowledge, expertise, facilities, equipment, and other resources for applica-
tion to military and nonmilitary systems. Technology transfer includes spin-off, spin-on, and dual-use activities (see DODI
5535.8).

Section III
Special Abbreviations and Terms
This section contains no entries.


                                                AR 70–57 • 12 June 2018                                                 17
UNCLASSIFIED   PIN 031459–000
