{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-02T15:11:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 89, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3884192, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/autonomous-underground-microborer-for-characterization-of-deeply-buried-underground-facilities.pdf", "source_sha256": "920b16214f4d8ea99cf7abddc0efd3b019046b2891edcaa2fabb4100a70841b1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 138, "chars": 972, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
OFFICE OF FREEDOM OF INFORMATION
1155 DEFENSE PENTAGON
WASHINGTON, DC 20301-1155
ANTED STATES OF ANDRE
JUN 2 3 2015
Ref: 15-F-0179
John Greenewald, Jr.
Dear Mr. Greenewald,
This is the tinal response to your enclosed Freedom of Intormation Act (FUIA) request,
dated October 3, 2014, to the Defense Technical Information Center (DTIC). DTIC referred your
request to this office for our direct response to you. We received your request on
October 15, 2015, and assigned it case number 15-F-0179.
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), a component of the Office of
the Secretary of Defense (OSD), conducted a search and provided the enclosed document, totaling
85 pages, which is appropriate for release without excision.
Inasmuch as this constitutes a full grant of your request, I am closing your file in this office.
There are no assessable fees associated with this response.
Sincerely,
Stephanie L. Carr
Chief
Enclosures:
As stated

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 198, "chars": 1399, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
15-F-0179
Hamilton, Michael A CIV DTIC RM (US)
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
John Greenewald < john@greenewald.com>
Friday, October 03, 2014 3:57 PM
foia@DTIC.MIL
FOIA REQUEST
To whom it may concern,
This is a non-commercial request made under the provisions of the Freedom of Information Act 5 U.S.C. S 552. My FO: \
requester status as a "representative of the news media." I am a freelance television producer often working on
documentaries related to my FOIA requests, my work is commonly featured throughout major news organizations, an: !
freelance writer for news sites as well. Examples can be given, if needed.
I prefer electronic delivery of the requested material either via email to john@greenewald.com or via CD-ROM or EVD
via postal mail. Please contact me should this FOIA request should incur a charge.
I respectfully request a copy of the following document:
Title: (U) Autonomous Underground Microborer for Characterization of Deeply Buried Underground Facilities PDF UR: :
(pdf) - 5 MB - Accession Number: ADB237411 Corporate Author: ORINCON CORP LA JOLLA CA Report Date: 16 Jul 1)98
Pages:85 Page(s)
Report Number: 0C-98-4320-U-0295 (OC984320U0295 ), XA - AMSAM ( XA ) Monitor Series: AMSAM
Contract/Grant/Transfer Number: DAAH01-98-C-R026 ( DAAH0198CR026 )
Thank you so much for your time, and I am very much looking forward to your response.
Sincerely,
John Greenewald, Jr.
17
Atel

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 27, "chars": 231, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Sincerely,

John Greenewald, Jr.

‘

The Black Vault
http://www.theblackvault.com <http://www.theblackvault.com/>

Government Secrets

http://www.governmentsecrets.com <http://www.governmentsecrets.com/>

Phone: (805) 32-VAULT

18

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 155, "chars": 1284, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SRIME CORPORATION
:
OCR 98-4320-U-0295
AUTONOMOUS UNDERGROUND MICROBORER
FOR CHARACTERIZATION OF DEEPLY BURIED
UNDERGROUND FACILITIES
Final Report
16 July 1998
Sponsored by Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency STO
ARPA Order No. D611, Amdt. 27
Issued by U.S. Army Missile Command Under Contract No. DAAH01-98-C-R026
CDRL No. A002/0001AB
Principal Investigator: Dr. S. Lawrence Marple, Jr.
ORINCON Corporation
9363 Towne Centre Drive
San Diego, CA 92121
(619) 455-5530, ext. 460
Submitted to:
Commander, U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Command
Redstone Arsenal, AL 35898-5248
Contract Effective Date: 17 November 1997
Contract Expiration Date: 16 July 1998
The views and conclusions contained in this document are those of the authors and should not be interpreted as
representing the otticial policies, either expressed or implied, of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
Distribution limited to U.S. Government agencies only; Test and Evaluation; (16 July 1998). Other requests for this
document must be referred to Director, Advanced Research Projects Agency, Attn: Tech. Information/Ms. Amick,
13701 North Fairfax Drive, Arlington, VA 22203-1714.
DIC QUALITY INSPECT
9363 Towne Centre Drive, San Diego, CA 92121
Phone: (619) 455-5530
FAX#: (619) 453-9274
19980810 141

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 172, "chars": 1367, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SRIZA CORPORATION
3 August 1998
Project Ref: 4320
Commander
U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Command
Attn: AMSMI-RD-WS-DP-SB (Mr. Charles R. Piner, Technical Monitor)
Bldg. 7804, Room 222
Redstone Arsenal, AL 35898-5248
Subject:
Contract No. DAAH01-98-C-R026
Delivery of Final Technical Report
Dear Mr. Piner:
Enclosed is the Autonomous Underground Microborer for Characterization of Deeply Buried
Underground Facilities Final Technical Report, CDRL No. A002/0001 AB, submitted under the
subject contract. With this delivery, all work under this contract is considered complete.
A DD Form 250 is attached for this deliverable. Since payment is dependent upon your
acceptance, please execute as soon as possible and forward the original DD250 to the agency in
Block 12 for payment, along with a copy to the undersigned at the address in Block 9 for
ORINCON's records. Your expeditious handling is appreciated and will avoid unnecessary
financial burden to ORINCON.
Should you have any questions concerning this report, please contact Dr. S. Lawrence Marple at
(619) 455-5530, extension 460.
Sincerely,
Alan Ledbetter
Contract Administrator
Distribution:
AMSMI-RD-WS-DP-SB
AMSMI-RD-CS-R
AMSMI-RD-WS
DARPA/STO
DARPA OASB/ARPA Library
DARPA OASB/SBIR
DTIC
2/0
1/0
1/0
1/0
1/0
1/0
2/0
9363 Towne Centre Drive, San Diego, CA 92121
Phone: (619) 455-5530
FAX #: (619) 453-9274

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 167, "chars": 1091, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
These SBIR data are furnished with SBIR rights under Contract DAAHO1-98-C-R026. For a period of 4 years after
acceptance of all items to be delivered under this contract, the Government agrees to use these data for
Government purposes only, and they shall not be disclosed outside the Government (including disclosure for
procurement purposes) during such period without permission of the Contractor, except that, subject to the
foregoing disclosure prohibitions, such data may be disclosed for use by support Contractors. After the aforesaid
4-year period the Government has a royalty-free license to use, and to authorize others to use on its behalf, these
data for Government purposes, but is relieved of all disclosure prohibitions and assumes no liability for
‘j|unauthorized use of these data by third parties. This Notice shall be affixed to any reproductions of these data, in
whole or in part.

Technical data contained herein may be subject to export control constraints under ITAR.

Copyright © 1998 by ORINCON Corporation.

—————
ae

Fe
new ares wares Gat eae ee oaSORATION
Aaa

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 194, "chars": 1714, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
REPORT DOCUMENTATION PAGE
Form Approves
OMB No. 0704-0188
1. AGENCY USE ONLY (Leave blank)
2. REPORT DATE
3 August 1998
3. REPORT TYPE AND DATES COVERED
Final Report 11/17/97-7/16/98
5. FUNDING NUMBERS
4. TITLE AND SUBTITLE
Autonomous
• Underground Microborer for Characterization of
Deeply Buried Underground Facilities
6. AUTHOR(S)
Dr. S. Lawrence Marple, Jr.
7. PERFORMING ORGANIZATION NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES)
ORINCON Corporation
9363 Towne Centre Drive
San Diego, CA 92121
9. SPONSORING/MONITORING AGENCY NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES)
Commander, U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Command
Attn: AMSMI-RD-WS-DP-SB (Mr. Charles R. Piner, Tech Monitor)
Bldg. 7804, Room 222
Redstone Arsenal, AL 35898-5248
11. SUPPLEMENTARY NOTES
C
DAAH01-98-C-R026
B. PERFORMING ORGANIZATION
REPORT NUMBER
98-4320-U-0295
T0. SPENT REPORT NUMBER
12a. DISTRIBUTION/AVAILABILITY STATEMENT
le Sul 98
Distribution limited to U.S. Government agencies only; Test and
Evaluation; (3 August 1298). Other requests for this document must
be referred to Director, Advanced Research Projects Agency, Attn:
Tech Information/Ms. Amick, 3701 North Fairfax Drive, Arlington,
VA 22203-1714.
126. DISTRIBUTION CODE
Although construction and entrances of deeply buried underground facilities (UGI's) may be detected by
14. SUBJECT TERMS
Underground facilities, Microboring, Rock melt, Ground-penetrating radar,
Unattended ground sensors, Autonomous air vehicle
17. SECURITY CLASSIFICATION
OF REPORT
Unclassified
NSN 7540-01-280-5500
18. SECURITY CLASSIFICATION
OF THIS PAGE
Unclassified
9. SECURITY CLASSIFICATIO
F ABSTRAC
Unclassified
115. NUMBER OF PAGES
77
16. PRICE CODE
O. LIMITATION C
STRA
SAR
Standard For 298 (Rev. 2-89)
298-Tobed by ANSI Std. 239-18

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 106, "chars": 1205, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE OF CONTENTS
LIST OF SYMBOLS, ABBREVIATIONS, AND ACRONYMS....
1.0 SUMMARY
THE UNDERGROUND FACILITY ACCESS PROBLEM.
2.0
3.0
4.0
5.0
6.0
7.0
CONCEPTS OF OPERATION..............
3.1
3.2
3.3
3.4
Close Access Long-Duration Perimeter Monitoring ..
Close Access Long-Duration Interior Monitoring
Underground Facility Mapping/Imaging...
Other Uses....
ENABLING TECHNOLOGY EVALUATIONS.
4.1
4.2
4.3
4.4
4.5
4.6
Penetrator Design.
Energy Sources
Propulsion and Steering ..
Navigational Sensors.
Surveillance Sensors and Bistatic Imaging
Data Exfiltration
PROPOSED PROGRAM PLAN.
5.1
5.2
5.3
5.4
5.5
5.6
5.7
5.8
Objectives
Phase 1.
Phase 2.
Phase 3..
Phase 4..
Phase 5....
Technology Sources....
ORINCON Capabilities
RECOMMENDATIONS...........
REFERENCES AND BIBLIOGRAPHY
LIST OF FIGURES
Figure 1. Proposed Program Plan, Schedule, and Projected Costs..
Figure 2.
Artist Rendering from Actual Aerial Imagery of Suspected Underground
Chemical Plant Near Tarhunah, Libya.
Figure 3.
Prototypical Underground Facility System Layout, Overhead View..
i
....iv
..1
....9
.. 14
.. 23
... 29
... 32
... 32
34
..34
..
42
.. 45
.. 46
..49
.. 53
69
. 69
.. 69
..70
..70
71
.. 72
.. 72
. 72
. 75
..76
..7
. 10
11
S CORPORATION

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 309, "chars": 2596, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Figure 4.
• Depiction of Surveillance Situation for Subterranean Facility in Urban Setting...... 12
Figure 5.
Illustration of Boeing North American Mini Space UAV for Delivery of Fast
Reaction Precision Strike.
• 17
Figure 6.
Deployment of Penetrator and Camouflaged Exfiltrating Antenna to Insertion
Target Point.
18
Figure 7. Underground Facility Close Access Characterization Concept Of Operation:
Roving Robot Infiltration.
. 20
Figure 8.
Underground Facility Close Access Characterization Concept Of Operation:
Hitch-Hiking Robot Infiltration....
. 21
Figure 9. Underground Facility Close Access Characterization Concept of Operation:
Continuous Entry Monitoring ......
.22
Figure 10. Details of Sensor Emplacement for Continuous Entry Monitoring using Least
Complex Microboring Scenario....
.24
Figure 11. Underground Facility Close Access Characterization Concept of Operations:
Sensor Placement/Mapping by Deep Penetration Autonomous Microborer.
. 26
Figure 12. Original Phase I Proposal Configuration of the Proposed Rock-Melting Underground
Microborer Showing Penetrator Tip, Navigating and Mapping Ground-Penetrating
Radar Plus Sensors Module, a Communications and Underground Navigation
Electronics Cylinder, and a Number Of Modules Containing Tip-Melting Fuel and
Coiled Fiberoptical Comm Cable..
.. 27
Figure 13. Details of Two Cylinder Modules on the Original Proposed Penetrator Assembly... 28
Figure 14. Design Configuration for Rock Melting Autonomous Microborer as a Result of
Phase I Study ..
Figure 15. Details of Coaxial Centerline Final Electric Drilling to Emplace Sensor Stem
. 30
..31
Figure 16. Comparison of Various Drilling/Boring Techniques in Terms of Rate of
Penetration, Specific Power, and Specific Energy.
.. 36
Figure 17. Mechanical Percussive Penetrator Built by UCSD Mechanical Engineering Project
Class to Validate Results Shown in Figure 16
36
Figure 18. Typical Temperature Dependence of Rock-Melt Viscosity During Melting Based
on Theory (line) Versus Measurements (Dots) for Rock in Los Alamos Area ........ 38
Figure 19. Microboring Components Developed at LANL
40
Figure 20. Rock Melting Penetrator Forms Evaluated During the LASL Subterrene Program .. 41
Figure 21. Measurements of Penetration Rate Versus Melting Power Using 50 mm Diameter
Consolidating Penetrator Operating in Tuff
. 41
Figure 22. Photograph of a Section of Glass-Lined, 50-mm Diameter Hole Produced in Tuff in
Which the Thickness of the Glass Lining was Approximately 12 mm
.42
Figure 23. Illustration of Silicon Gyro in JPL Micro Inertial Reference System Chip
.. 47
CORPORATION

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 233, "chars": 2000, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Figure 24. Nomogram Showing the Relationship Between Transmitter Frequency, Ground
Conductivity, and Depth of Penetration for Typical Earth Materials.
Figure 25. Using HAARP to Beam ELF Waves at Underground Facilities..
.. 50
...52
Figure 26. Representative Data Exfiltrator Form Factors Possible for Retrodirective Phased
Array Antenna With Integrated Active Microwave Components.
55
Figure 27. Illustration of the Transition Effect of Echoed Pulses From Retrodirective Phase
Array Antennae. .....................
Figure 28. Single Transponding Integrated Active Antenna Transponder..
.. 58
60
Figure 29. One-Dimensional Retrodirective Phased Array Implemented as an Active
Integrated Antenna on Microstrip..
.. 61
Figure 30. Two-Dimensional Retrodirective Phase Array Implemented as an Active Integrated
Antenna on Microstrip.
• 62
Figure 31. Effect of Obstruction (Array Elements Blocked or Out of View) or Element Failure
on the Radar Cross-Section (Transponder Response Magnitude) of a 4x4
Retrodirective Array
Figure 32. Architecture of Proposed Retrodirective Phased Array Data Exfiltration System
63
...64
Figure 33. Depiction of Pulse Interval and Pulsewidth Parameters That Could be Used to
Activate the Proposed Data Exfiltrator
Figure 34. Depiction of the Microstrip Layout of the Proposed Data Exfiltrator.
• 64
66
Figure 35. Details of Microwave Topology at One Antenna Patch Element of the
Retrodirective Phased Array.
. 66
Figure 36. Multiple Antenna Configuration on a Microstrip to Handle Multiple Radar
Bands and GPS Reception ......
. 68
LIST OF TABLES
Table 1.
Key Attributes of Three UAVs as Possible Delivery Vehicles for the Autonomous
Microborer ...
. 15
Table 2.
Comparative Melting Temperatures of Various Refractory Ceramics, Metals,
Minerals, and Rocks.............
Table 3.
Table 4.
Energy Densities for Selected Fuels and Electrical Sources ........................
. 39
.. 43
Technology Development to Support Autonomous Underground Microboring
(AUM) System.
• 73
ili

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 135, "chars": 1043, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LIST OF SYMBOLS, ABBREVIATIONS, AND ACRONYMS
ASIC
AUMR
DSWA
ELF
EM
EO/IR
GPR
HAARP
HAE
HF
HVAC
IUGS
JPL
LASL
LANL
LLNL
LOC
LPI
MAE
MIR
NTS
PCB
PRF
SATCOM
UAV
UGF
UGINT
USP
UWB
VLF
WMD
Application-Specific Integrated Circuit
Autonomous Underground Microborer
Defense Special Weapons Agency
Extremely Low Frequency
Electromagnetic
Electro-Optical/Infrared
Ground-Penetrating Radar
High-Frequency Active Auroral Research Program
High Altitude Endurance
High Frequency
Heat, Ventilation, Air Conditioning
Integrated Unattended Ground Sensors
Jet Propulsion Laboratory
Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory (Former Name)
Los Alamos National Laboratory
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
Line Of Communications
Low Probability Of Interception
Medium Altitude Endurance
Micropower Impulse Radar
Nevada Test Site
Printed Circuit Board
Pulse Repetition Interval
Communications Satellite
Unmanned Air Vehicle
Underground Facility
Underground Intelligence
Unmanned Space Plane
Ultrawideband
Very Low Frequency
Weapons Of Mass Destruction
iv
— CORPORATION

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 3114, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1.0 SUMMARY
In order to maintain vigilance to military threats, to support military operations, to enable treaty
verification, and to document UN sanction violations, the United States depends on the world's
most sophisticated surveillance and remote sensor technology. These sensors have been placed in
space (e.g., the reconnaissance spacecraft of the NRO or the future DARPA Discoverer II space-
borne radar), in air (e.g., the U2 or the DARPA UAV programs), in oceans underwater (e.g., the
SOSUS arrays), and on the earth's surface (e.g., the DSW A Tactical Unattended Ground Sensors
(TUGS) program or the DARPA Internetted Unattended Ground Sensors (TUGS) program). The
one domain where the United States has no sensor emplacement capability, or the technology
development program to lead to such a capability, is deep underground. The case for urgently
developing such deep underground sensor emplacement technology and associated sensor
capabilities for continuous monitoring is compelling. The construction of underground facilities
(UGFs) has been accelerating as many countries, particularly those that are targets of US
surveillance, have been moving their weapons of mass destruction (WMD) development,
manufacturing, and stockpiling to such facilities. Deep underground command and control
facilities that are impervious to knockout by non-nuclear weapons are also now common. To
illustrate the inadequacies of existing above-ground sensors, one need only look to the recent
nuclear tests in India and Pakistan, which hid their tests from US space-borne sensors primarily
by use of UGFs, and the extensive use of UGFs by Irag (including Sadam's many "palaces") to
continue hiding its nuclear and biological agent weapon programs before and after the Gulf War.
If there were a technology developed that could permit stealthy placement of underground
sensors near, or inside of, UGFs suspected of having WMD associations, then the surveillance
gap where the US is now blind could be filled.
DARPA has been the DOD's research leader in the development of novel, high-risk technology
and is, therefore, the natural choice to be the technology visionary that takes the initiative to
develop such technology for underground sensors and the unmanned autonomous emplacement
of such sensors. This Phase I SBIR report provides one possible technology roadmap and a
feasibility evaluation to provide such a critical through-ground technology in a system concept
called the autonomous underground microborer (AUM). This name is intended to invoke the
long DARPA legacy in autonomous technology system development. In air, it has been the
unmanned air vehicle (UAV) through programs like Global Hawk and DarkStar. In water, it has
been the autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV). On land, it has been the autonomous land
vehicle (ALV). The AUM is envisioned as perhaps the most stealthy and unexpected approach to
placing sensor assets in close access to, or inside of, UGs in denied areas of interest to the
United States. The AUM technology would also have commercial potential as a means for search
1
•бОЛРОЛАТІО»

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 447, "chars": 3106, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and rescue units to emplace sensors into inaccessible voids from mine accidents or collapsed
structures due to earthquakes in order to monitor for entombed survivors.
The primary task for the Phase I project was to develop a feasible concept of operations together
with the technology roadmap to accomplish the concept of operations (conops) and an estimate
of the program cost if the roadmap were implemented. Four subsidiary tasks were also identified
in the Phase I proposal to focus attention on the four most critical technologies of the roadmap.
Specifically, these tasks were to (1) investigate a rock melt penetrator and determine its
feasibility relative to other microboring approaches, (2) investigate underground navigation
technologies that permit the boring system to determine its underground position and the target
location, (3) provide a bistatic UGF imaging feasibility assessment, and (4) investigate data
exfiltration techniques to transmit the sensor data that are extremely covert.
The original conops as presented in the Phase I proposal, captured by Figures 6, 9, 11, 12, 13 of
Section 3, envisioned three mission variations: long-term external monitoring of UGF adits
(entrances at ground level), volumetric imaging/mapping of the UGF layout by bistatic means,
and long-term internal monitoring by penetrating UGF concrete chamber walls to emplace
sensors. These missions are listed in order of increasing complexity, and we will conclude this
summary by proposing a multiphase, multiyear program to stage the technology development
and spread the risk to accomplish all three proposed missions.
In the original conops, the AUM would be precision (GPS accuracy) soft-landed for
emplacement by a parasailing mini-UAV (unmanned aerial vehicle) deployed from a larger
recoverable UAV such as Predator or Global Hawk (near term), or a mini USP (unmanned mini
spaceplane) after re-entry from orbit or a suborbital trajectory (far term). The AUM was
originally envisioned to be a self-contained, finite-length modular assemblage of diesel fuel and
electronics (navigation and sensors) cylinders, tipped by the rock-melting penetrator head with
propelling cleats, with a total length of a linear feet, that could microbore and navigate to a
designated sensor emplacement location with no surface-based supporting equipment. A rock-
melting approach was selected because it is the quietest method for boring to avoid detection and
it is able to penetrate concrete and rebar as well as soil, soft rock, and hard rock. A 50-mm
(roughly 2-inch) diameter for the AUM was needed to get sufficient fuel into the borehole and to
contain the entire AUM below ground within two hours. Based on the estimated payload
capability of the mini-UAV, the AUM would have sufficient fuel to penetrate approximately
100 meters. Because of the fairly short distance, the mini-UAV must accomplish its mission
quickly and quietly under the cover of night — thus, the two-hour deployment assumption to
minimize discovery. After deployment of the AUM to a point where the entire assemblage is in
2
COCORPORATION

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 481, "chars": 3196, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the glass borehole created by the rock-melting action, the one-time-use mini-UAV would depart
and self-destruct several kilometers away by navigating to isolated terrain or bodies of water that
could hide the evidence of its presence. As the deployment site for the AUM under some
scenarios might be hundreds of miles inside denied territories, it was desirable to develop a
conops that allocated the maximum weight for the AUM and its penetration distance rather than
fuel to recover the mini-UAV. To deploy the sensor(s), it was envisioned to have an offset drill
in the cylinder behind the penetrator head penetrate the last few inches of ground or concrete.
The sensor would be coaxially located within the drill body and would be pushed out of the drill
tip to allow the sensor to look, listen, or sniff as required. In order to communicate the sensor
data, the original conops envisioned a thin jacketed fiberoptics cable deployed as the penetrator
bored, terminating at a camouflaged surface-based antenna configured to look like an indigenous
cultural feature (e.g., a rock or a plant). The deployment sequence from the mini-UAV would
position the camouflaged antenna to cover the borehole entrance to conceal it and would
exfiltrate the navigational data as the AUM bored in order to monitor its progress, and then
switch to sensor data after the target location was reached.
Due to the technology discoveries made during the Phase I study and some realities of physics and
fuels, the conops was modified and improved. Of the many technologies considered in this study,
there were three critical ones: (1) alternative rock-melting penetrator designs as a result of
technical discussions with Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL), (2) a sub-inch-size radar
called the micropower impulse radar (MIR) pioneered by Lawrence Livermore National
Laboratory (LLNL), and (3) integrated active antenna structures of Professor Tatsuo Itoh of the
microwave engineering group at UCLA that are key to developing a stealthy exfiltration comm
system. The conops modifications also made it possible to create a receiving extremely low
frequency (ELF) antenna hundreds of meters in length behind the penetrating tip, making it
possible to work with the High-frequency Active Auroral Research Program (HAARP) as a source
of ELF waves to bistatically image the UGF, which was not feasible with the original technical
concept for the AUM.
It seems technically feasible, after a series of technical dialogues with LANL, to construct a
steerable rock-melt penetrating AUM with only a 10- to 12-mm diameter (less than 1/2 inch). As
the energy for thermal microboring is essentially proportional to the square of the borer diameter,
the 5X reduction in borer diameter from the original concept means a 25X greater tactical
standoff range for deployment from the target point for the same weight in fuel. This makes it
possible to have a 1-km or greater range for the mini-UAV method of soft-landed deployment,
and possibly 2- to 3-km range if a 3- or 4-man special operations team does the deployment
manually. Such large standoff ranges make it possible to use compact surface-based deployment
3
* CORPORATION

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 474, "chars": 3149, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
means operating in conjunction with a reduced complexity AUM (from the original concept) in
the borehole because the deploying mini-UAV or SpecOps team is better able to conceal its
activities for longer periods of time as it is no longer in the near vicinity of the targeted UGF.
This will simplify the downhole component of the AUM design. The mini-UAV, which will
have the surface-based deployment component of the AUM integrated into its structure, will stay
until the penetrator has reached its target point, and then will depart the surface at completion of
microboring, leaving nothing on the surface except the camouflaged data exfiltration antenna as
described in the original conops scenario.
Figures 10, 14 and 15 in Section 3 depict the modifications to the AUM design and conops
from the original design and conops in the Phase I proposal. The basic conops, which
involved using a larger UAV like Predator or Global Hawk to launch a mini-UAV close to a
targeted UGF and having that mini-UAV precision soft-land, deploy a AUM, and then take
off for a destruction location, is identical to that originally proposed, except for the duration
of time that the mini-UAV stays on the surface operating with the AUM. The AUM design
changes from that of a set of linked cylinders to simply a unitary structure with a rock-melt
penetrator component, a heat exchange component, and an electronics component with
ground-penetrating radar as a navigating sensor, all connected to the surface via a coiled-
tubing stem deployed with a reeled tubing injector unit on the surface (within the mini-UAV)
to develop thrust for pushing the penetrator through the borehole. The tubing will carry
pressurized fuel, possibly Navy torpedo fuel or one of the high-energy-density rocket
propellant fuels being developed by NASA rather than the diesel originally envisioned, to the
heater feeding energy through a heat pipe to the penetrator. The tubing will then carry
residual exhaust gases out. Local means of propulsion close to the penetrator may prove
useful, especially for purposes of steering, although differential heating rates in the tip are
expected to be adequate for steering the penetrator. The final placement of the sensors is
accomplished by first letting the penetrator head cool and then drilling directly through the
penetrator tip, perhaps up to 10 cm, to the desired final location. In contrast to the offset
drilling proposed originally, this scheme is more efficient and easier to design and fabricate.
A shaped charge to blow the sensor stem through may also be possible.
The final technological conclusions for underground navigational aids are to use both micro-
sized ground-penetrating radar (GPR) and micro-sized inclinometers. The change in conops to
use a compact coiled-tubing approach, which (1) provides a propulsion force downhole to the
penetrator as it melts, (2) delivers surface-ambient cool fuel under pressure to the combustion
chamber behind the penetrator head from a surface tank or bladder, and (3) provides comm and
power links between the downhole penetrator assembly and the surface equipment and
4
(CORPORATION

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 466, "chars": 3085, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
exfiltration antenna via electrical cabling internal to the tubing, also provides a method to
determine depth of penetration simply by sensing periodic insertion length markings on the side
of the tubing as it is inserted into the microborehole. Three-axis micro-inclinometers, a by-
product of the video gaming industry, carried along with the penetrator assembly would be
sampled periodically in coordination with the tubing insertion length readings to determine the
downhole penetrator's 3-D orientation. By a simple integration process using both insertion
length and orientation measurements, it is possible to determine the exact 3-D underground
location of the penetrator relative to the borehole surface geoposition.
The GPR would be used as a look-ahead sensor (1) to determine the presence of significant
obstacles or voids to be avoided, (2) to determine the nearness to the ground surface if the AUM
is being used to deliver sensors for a monitoring mission external to the targeted UGF in order to
terminate the penetration and initiate final emplacement of the sensor (exterior monitoring
mission), or (3) to determine the position and thickness of UGF chamber walls or air vents being
approached to terminate the penetration and initiate final sensor emplacement (interior
penetration mission). We propose that the application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) chip
version of the LLNL micropower impulse radar (MIR) be used, as the chip size and 1.5-linear-
inch dipole antenna would be consistent with the proposed 10-mm diameter AUM assembly.
Five of these chips would be used to form an array of five dipole antennae equi-spaced around
the circumference of a section of the AUM assembly away from the hot penetrator tip, slightly
tilted to transmit energy not only to the sides of the AUM but also toward the penetrating
direction. Such an array configuration would yield a 360-degree view around the AUM in
azimuthal resolution increments of 72 degrees. Due to the forward motion of the penetrator, a
synthetic aperture processing approach makes it possible to achieve high-resolution along-axis
imaging. If the section of the AUM containing the MIR array can be made to slowly rotate as the
AUM penetrates, then azimuthal synthetic aperture processing can provide high angular
resolution imaging around the AUM as well. The MIR array is anticipated to provide
approximately a 1-meter look-ahead (beyond the penetrator tip) capability, depending on how
much multipulse integration is performed and the conductivity condition (primarily determined
by moisture content) of the material being penetrated. Due to the positioning of the dipole
antennae, it will not be possible to radar image directly in front of the penetrator tip, but only in
the areas from about 10 degrees and beyond from the AUM centerline. Because ground surfaces
and walls cover a wide area, this blind spot directly in front will not be a problem as the
ground/air or wall/air boundary will be apparent in the look-ahead imaging available to either
side of the AUM centerline.
5
CCORPORATION

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 505, "chars": 3352, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Although the NRO and CIA were contacted regarding available highly classified wireless data
exfiltration comm schemes and devices, none were found to be entirely appropriate for this
application. A highly innovative new approach was invented for the data exfiltration component
of the AUM based on the use of a retrodirective array implemented as an active integrated
antenna. Such antennae combine the antenna patch elements and the active electronics into a
single substrate, typically on thin microstrip material. This makes it possible to form thin
conformal antenna structures, such as a rock shape, that may be required to camouflage the
antenna on the surface. The design of active integrated antenna arrays has been pioneered by
Dr. Itoh at UCLA. Data exfiltration is activated only upon receipt of pulses from a friendly radar
system, such as that from a JSTARS surveillance radar plane, the future DARPA Discoverer II
space-based radar, or other classified national assets that will not be discussed here in order to
maintain this report at an unclassified level. Any radar pulse received by the retrodirective
antenna array causes a simultaneously transmitted pulse of the same form to be transmitted back
only in the direction of the received pulse. A spread-spectrum modulation on top of the return
pulse contains the data to be exfiltrated. This exfiltration scheme essentially hides the data in the
return radar echoes. It is inherently low probability of intercept (LPI) due to (1) the array
directivity in which the strongest return signal energy is only in the direction of the interrogating
radar and (2) the use of spread-spectrum modulation that places the data intelligence perhaps 80
dB below the radar pulse signal level. The AUM will exfiltrate both compressed imagery from
the GPR and other navigational data regarding the boring progress, and then shift to exfiltrating
compressed data from its sensors once they are in position near or inside the UGF.
As a result of the refined concept of operations and technologies identified in this report to create
a feasible AUM, we are proposing a $23.5M 6-year new program start for DARPA to fully
develop the technology concepts for delivery of a new capability for US armed forces and
intelligence agencies for close access characterization of underground facilities. Figure 1
summarizes the six proposed phases of the project, which include a sequence of three specific
missions of increasing complexity and approximate costs associated with each phase. This cost
does not include the costs for development of specialized sensors that would be carried and
emplaced by the AUM. As there are numerous sensor possibilities (image—e.g., low-light-level
EO and IR, acoustic-e.g., microphones, thermal, seismic, chemical sniffers, biological agent
detectors, nuclear detectors), the sensor or sensors for each of the three missions will need to be
determined as part of the requirements planning and the cost of sensor development added to the
costs for the AUM development shown in Figure 1. The costs and schedule are first-order
estimates, based on preliminary discussions with the sources of the various technologies
described in this report, and they will need to be revised and solidified during Phase O as a
detailed set of program requirements are established.
6
L CORPORATion

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2600, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Project Year
Activity
Phase O
Detailed Project Planning & Requirements
Phase 1
System Design & Standalone AUM
Prototypes
Phase 2
Integration & Operation of AUM &
Mini-UAV for Monitoring Mission ACTI
Phase 3
Integration & Operation of AUM an
ini-UAVwith Infiltrating UAl
Phase 4
Bistatic Imaging Mission ACTD
Phase 5
Interior Penetration Mission ACTD
1
2
3
4
5
6
$1M
$3.5M
→
$ЗМ
→
$6M
*
$4M
$6M
Figure 1. Proposed Program Plan, Schedule, and Projected Costs
Phase 0 will define the entire program plan for the AUM, including test sites and specific sensors
to be deployed in addition to the usual program requirements. Preliminary contracts to LANL,
LLNL, and UCLA to study critical issues with the rock-melt penetrator technology, the ground-
penetration radar technology, and the data exfiltration technology to perform studies or initial
experiments are likely needed in order to quantify some requirements for the program. A system
engineering contractor will be needed to prepare the program specs and requirements documents.
A Phase II SBIR effort with ORINCON could potentially provide about half the estimated costs of
the Phase O effort. The Phase O would conclude with a Broad Area Announcement (BAA)
initiating the program and soliciting alternative or supporting technologies to achieve a
demonstrable AUM capability. Starting with Phase 1 and beyond, a system integrator would be
added to the picture. Phase I would develop the critical nonflight portions of the AUM and more
detailed system design, concentrating on the key penetrator technology and its navigation. The
objective of Phase 1 would be the accurate penetration of a few hundred meters from a static
insertion point to validate the rock-melting approach and the ability to accurately reach a target
location. Phase 2 would be the first phase in which a specific mission capability would be
demonstrated, namely the external monitoring mission. The objective of this phase is the
integration of the AUM assembly with the mini-UAV and short flights to the surface followed by
autonomous penetration to positions near adits of UGFs at the test site.
Beginning with Phase 3, the mini-UAV would be integrated with either a Predator or Global
Hawk to perform a full mission as envisioned by the concept of operations cited in this report.
The Predator or Global Hawk would carry the mini-UAV under its wings and would have as its
objective the demonstration of these larger UAVs to infiltrate a denied area (the test range).
Radar and other observables measured during the test will help determine how stealthy the
7
NCORPORATION

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 113, "chars": 746, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
placement of an AUM can be made. Phase 4 would add further mission capabilities to the overall
system, specifically a bistatic imaging demonstration with either the GPR on the AUM working
in conjunction with surface-based UGS or ELF waves generated by the HAARP array in Alaska
and intercepted by the ELF antenna along the AUM coiled tubing stem, or perhaps both
techniques. Finally, Phase 5 would have as its objective the demonstration of the most complex
mission envisioned: actual penetration of the interior walls of an underground sensor. This will
require refinements/improvements in the navigational sensors and the positioning accuracy of the
AUM. This last demonstration would also entail the longest microboring distance: over 1 km!
8

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 449, "chars": 3097, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2.0 THE UNDERGROUND FACILITY ACCESS PROBLEM
There is increasing evidence from aircraft and satellite imagery of denied geographical areas that
significant activities related to weapons of mass destruction (WMD) (specifically nuclear,
biological, and chemical weapons) and command, control, and communications (Cº) are being
placed into deeply buried and hardened underground facilities (UGF) accessible only by tunnel.
Figure 2 is an artist's rendering of overhead imagery of one such facility near Tarhunah, Libya,
suspected to be an underground chemical plant. The increasing use of such facilities stems
apparently from lessons learned by nations observing the success of US intelligence assets and
precision munitions during the Persian Gulf War when facilities are at or close to the surface. As
the recent nuclear tests in India and Pakistan illustrate, underground facilities also deny
surveillance by current remote sensors. It is conjectured, based on the number of known UGFs,
that there are likely 500 or more suspected UGF sites, many yet undiscovered. While tipoff due
to construction or visible tunnel entrances may help detect the existence of an underground
facility, underground facilities such as that shown in Figure 2 are probably immune from
characterization by existing remote surveillance systems that cannot penetrate the deep ground
cover that can be hundreds of feet deep. UGFs are also probably survivable from use of
precision munitions as employed in the Gulf War due also to the deep ground cover and the use
of multiple blast doors at the tunnel entrances. Figure 3 depicts a prototypical underground
facility and the difficulties to gain entry or to place weapons for destruction. Some nations have
underground facilities in urban areas, such as that depicted in Figure 4, which are entered via
normal building entrances or through public facilities such as subways. It appears that the only
way to get close access function characterization and physical characterization of deep UGFs is
to place, by stealthy means, sensors close to or inside the facility. This requires a fundamentally
new approach to the UGF characterization and surveillance problem.
There are six operational steps in dealing with the underground facilities problem: (1) tip-off,
(2) detection, (3) characterization remotely, (4) characterization by close access (interior or within
the perimeter), (5) defeat/neutralization, and (6) post-defeat/neutralization assessment. The first
four are part of the normal intelligence collection efforts against UGFS, whereas the last two are
performed only in the event of hostilities. Tip-off is the analysis of correlative activity that would
suggest the possibility of an underground facility, such as excavation tunnels or observed traffic of
empty trucks coming from a site where there is no apparent stockpiling of material. Detection is
the determination that a facility actually exists at a specific location, such as tunnel entrances
observed in aerial imagery. Remote characterization is the determination of the purpose of the
TCZGORPORATION

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 37, "chars": 245, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Figure 2. Artist Rendering from Actual Aerial Imagery of Suspected Underground Chemical
Plant Near Tarhunah, Libya. Note the three tunnel entrances that are sufficiently large
for trucks to enter.

2 e's ee ae es
ant sara Ga AH CORPORATION

—_

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 35, "chars": 293, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Containerized
Stairs Compartments

Blast Doors

Expansion
Chambers

Y

Stairs
| —— Corrosive Liquid
Entry/ on Floor
Adit
—_ I |
Blast Doors Operations Center

or Industrial Center

Figure 3, Prototypical Underground Facility System Layout, Overhead View Oo

NOMUVEHOdIO) aha arp 4.4) # Em ae

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 39, "chars": 306, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Microbore
Equipment
Operator

Basement

cl

Hidden
Sub
Basement

Microborehole for Placement of Sensors
Into Walls of Underground Facility

Hidden Command Center
Below Building

Figure 4. Depiction of Surveillance Situation for Subterranean Facility in Urban Setting

a

=

\——_ 7
NOMLVHOdUOD AB aR
oU aw

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 317, "chars": 2246, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UGF by fusing remote ground, air, and space sensor data of external observables. This could be
electro-optical imagery, infrared imagery, radar imagery, and acoustic array data. Typically,
remote characterization is inadequate, especially if observables denial is practiced by the state
operating the facility. This was the case in the recent Indian and Pakistani nuclear tests. Close
access characterization, the focus of this report, provides access technology to place sensors
close to or into the UGF to make a firm characterization. The defeat/neutralization (D/N)
operation is a covert special operations or overt military action (e.g., airstrike) to deny the
functional use of the facility. Having close access sensors near or into the UGF after a D/N
operation is needed to validate the destruction or nonoperational status of an attacked UGF.
The types of surveillance requirements, or underground intelligence (UGINT), for the
characterization of UGFs include: (1) construction practices, (2) mission of the UGF
(manufacturing nuclear weapons?, storing chemical munitions?, etc.), (3) functional operations
(how is the facility used?, is it a command center?, etc.), (4) infrastructure, meaning the layout,
operations, power source(s), fuel source(s), cooling, ventilation, and communications nodes,
(5) failure point locations (i.e., UGF vulnerabilities), (6) means of functional defeat without
destruction (cut the power line by special operations?, blow out a door?, drop a guided munition
down an air shaft?, etc.), and (6) post-strike damage assessment if destructive force is used. All
of these requirements can be satisfied by the AUM device proposed in this report for delivery of
sensors that can address all the characterization issues with long-term monitoring. DSWA has
been funding the DOE national labs to develop air-dropped sensors shaped like stakes that use
the kinetic energy of the free fall to implant themselves into the ground, typically in advance of
an airstrike operation. These sensors are short-lived, are not stealthily or precision emplaced, and
are not able to penetrate deeply, in contrast to the autonomous microborer approach, which is
long-lived, stealthy, precision emplaced, and able to go deep.
13

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 494, "chars": 3139, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3.0 CONCEPTS OF OPERATION
The autonomous underground microborer (AUM) collection system is envisioned as perhaps the
most stealthy and unexpected approach to placing sensor assets for close access to or within
denied UGFs. The AUM is a more realistic and feasible approach to accessing UGFs than
alternative proposals to DARPA TTO to utilize very small robots that can hitch-hike on vehicles
of opportunity traveling to or through a UGF adit, or that can navigate internal to conduits or air
intake/exhaust vents accessible at ground level, in order to deliver sensor assets very close to or
inside hard targets. However, in order to remain stealthy, the robots will likely have to be of
insect size and scale, which limits the amount of power for mobility and sensor data acquisition,
limits the operational lifetime, and makes it more difficult to overcome large physical obstacles
in the path. As shown in Figure 3, steps, doors, and corrosive liquids on the floor are but some
of the many obstacles that a robotic device would have to overcome. Furthermore, robots able to
get inside a UGF will need some method to exfiltrate the surveilled data out from the UGF.
Communication antennae and electronics with sufficient gain to transmit to satellite or loitering
aircraft will be too large and power consuming to fit on an ultraminiature robot. In contrast, the
autonomous underground microborer can make its own path to any targeted point for sensing and
will have larger power and volume capability for carrying surveillance and data exfiltration
comm electronics.
To get the AUM or microrobots close to a denied area UGF, it is proposed to use a combination
of an available unmanned air vehicle (UAV) with a launchable para-wing mini-UAV that
contains the AUM or robot payload. The large UAV would penetrate the denied territory and
launch the mini-UAV with sensor payload at a target standoff where it is not likely to be
detected, perhaps several miles from the sensor placement point. The mini-UAV, which is much
quieter (using an electrically powered prop), would precision land, under GPS control, the sensor
payload at an even closer location to the target UGF, perhaps 1 km from a UGF entry or vent.
The infiltrating, payload-carrying UAVs currently in the inventory are the General Atomics
Predator, the Teledyne-Ryan Global Hawk, and the Lockheed-Martin DarkStar. The Predator
already has wing points for mounting wing-carried payload. The Global Hawk wings have the
capability to carry payload, but wing mounts are not on the first or second factory units. DarkStar
is designed to be a stealth UAV, so will not have wing mounts, and is also unlikely to be able to
open the payload doors in flight to launch a secondary mini-UAV. Table 1 provides some of the
key characteristics of the three UAVs. Of particular interest are: Predator medium altitude
endurance (MAE) UAV has an operating altitude of 15,000 ft and range of 500 um and payload
capacity of 450 pounds with communication links of LOC (20 MHz), MILSATCOM (4.8 kbps),
and SATCOM (1.544 Mbps); Global Hawk high-altitude endurance (HAE) UAV has an
14
7 CORPORATION

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 616, "chars": 4758, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Table 1. Key Attributes of Three UAVs as Possible Delivery Vehicles for the Autonomous Microborer
Characteristics
• Altitude:
Maximum
(km, ft)
Operating
(кт, 11)
Endurance (Max):
(hrs)
Radius of Action:
(km, nm)
Spead:
Maximum (km/hr, kts)
Cruise
(km/hr, kts)
Loiter
(kmuhr, kts)
Climb Rate (Max): (m/min, fpm)
Deployment Needs:*
"Depends on equipment & duration
Air
Propulsion: Engine(s)
Vehico
- Maker
• Rating
- Capacity (L. gal)
Weight:
For worsent (ka. B)
Payload
(kg, Ib)
Max Takeoff (kg, Ib)
Dimensions: Wingspan
(m, ft)
Length
Hoight
Avionics:
Transponder
Navigation
Launch & Recovery:
Guidance & Control:
Payload Sensor (s):
Data Link(s): Type
Bandwidth:
(Hz)
Data Rate:
(bps)
C2 Link(s):
System
System Composition:
and
Support Prime/Key Contractor(s):
Major Subcontractors:
Ther II MAE UAV
Prodator
7.6 kn
4.6 km
25,000 f
15,000 ft
>20 hours
928 km
204-215 km/hr
120-130 km/hi
111-120 km/hi
168 m/min
500 nm
110-115 kts
65-70 kts
60-65 kts
550 pm
Multiple* C-130 sorties
One Fuel-injected Recip; 4-stroke
- Rotax 912/Rotax 914
63.4/75.8 кл
AVGAS (100 Octane'
409 L
544 kg
295 kg
204 kg
1,043 kg
14.8 m
8.1 m
2.2 m
85/105 hp
108 gal
1,200 lb
650lb
450 l
2,300 lb
48.7 ft
26.7 ft
7,3 ft
lode IlIC IF
PS and IN
Runway (760 m/2,500 ft)
Prepgmd/Remote Control/Autonomous
EO,IR, and SAR
C-band/LOS; UHE/MILSATCOM;
Ku-band/SATCOM
-band/LOS: 20 MH
UHF/MILSATCOM: 25 kHa
Ku-band/SATCOM: 5 MHZ
C-band/LOS: 20 MHz Analog
UHF/MILSATCOM: 4.8 kbps
Kur-band/SATCOM: 1.544 Mbps
UHF/MILSATCOM
4 AVs, 1 GCS, 1 Trojan Spirit I|
Dissemination System, GSE
General Atomics-Aeronautical Systems
Boelng Defense & Space; Litton; LMTCS
(Ku-band SATCOM); Magnavox/Cartyle
Cp: Norsaron Gumman (SAR); Rotax
Tier Il+, CONV, HAE UAV
Global Hawk
Ter Ill, LO HAE UAV
Darkstar
19.8 km
65,00 ft
> 13.7 km
>45,000 ft
15.2-19.8 km
50,000-65,000 f1
> 13.7 km
> 45,000 ft
>40 hrs (24 hrs at 5,556 km/3,000 nm)
>8 hours (at 926 km/500 nm)
5,556 km
3,000 nm
>926 km
>500 nm
>639 km/hr
> 345 kts
>463 km/hr
>250 kts
639 km/hr
345 kts
>463 km/hr
>250 kts
630 km/hr
340 kts
> 463 km/hr
>250 kts
1,036 m/min
3,400 fpm
610 m/min
2,000 1pm
AV: Self-Deployable
Multiple* C-141, C-17, or C-5 sorties
GS: Multple" C-141, C-17, or C-5 sorties
One Turbofan
One Turbofan
- Allison AE3007H
- Williams FJ44-1A
32 kN
7,050 lb static thrust
8,45 kN
1,900 ib statle thrust
Heavy Fuel (JP-8)
Heavy Fuel (JP-8)
8,176 L
2,160 gal
1,575 L
416 gal
4,055 kg
8,940 1b
1,978 kg
4,360 lb
6,668 kg
14,700 1b
1,470 kg
3,240 lb
889 kg
1,960 1b
454 kg
1,000 lb
11,612 kg
25,600 lb
3,901 kg
8,600 lb
35.4 m
116.2 ft
21.0 m
69 ft
13.5 m
4.6 m
44.4ft
4.6 m
15 ft
15.2 ft
1.5 m
5ft
Mode 1/1/IIC/IV 1FF
Mode IIIC IFF
GPS and INS
GPS and INS
Runway (1,524 m/5,000 ft)
Runway (<1,219 m/ <4,000 ft)
Preprogrammed/Autonomous
Preprogrammed/Autonomous
EO, IR, and SAR
Ku-band/SATCOM: X-Band CDLJOS
UHF/MILSATCOM: 25 KHz
Ku-band/SATCOM: 2.2-72 MHz
X-band CDULOS: 10-120 MHz
UHF/MILSATCOM: 19.2 kbps
Ku-band/SATCOM: 1.5-50 Mbps
X-band CDULOS: 274 Mbps
UHF/MILSATCOM;
Ku-band/SATCOM;
UHF/LOS; X-band CDL/LOS
AVs (TBD);
HAE CGS
Teledyne Ryan Aeronautical
Allison Engine/Rolls Royce;
Ravtheon E-Systems: GDE
Systems/Tracor; Héroux; Hughes
Aircraft, Lockheed Martin Wideband
Systems; Rockwell International;
Aurora Flight Sclences
EO or SAR
Ku-band/SATCOM; X-Band CDLLOS
UHF/SATCOM: 25 KHZ
Ku-band/SATCOM: 2.2 MHz
X-band CDL/LOS: 10-60 MHz
UHF/SATCOM: 19.2 kbps
Ku-band/SATCOM: 1.5 Mbps
X-band CDL/LOS: 137 Mbps
UHFMILSATCOM;
Ku-band/SATCOM;
UHF/LOS; X-band CDU/LOS
AVs (TBD);
HAE CGS
Lockheed Martin Skunk Works/ Boeing
Milltary Aircrat Division
ABS Cp; Adv. Composites; Aydin
Vector: Cl Fiberite: Hexcel:
Honeywell Avionics; Litton G&C;
Lockheed Martin Wideband Sys;
Recon/Optical; Rockwell Collins;
Rosemount Aerospace; Northrop
Grumman. Williams Inti
Legend:
ADR: Air Data Relay
A-Gear: Arresting Gear
AV: Air Vehicle
AVGAS: Avlatlon Gasoline
CDL: Common Dala Link
CGS: Common Ground
Segment
EO: Elactro-Optical
FLIR: Forward-Looking
Infrared
GCS: Ground Control Station
GPS: Global Positioning
System
GSE: Ground Support
Equipment
HAE: High Altitude Endurance
IFF: Identification
Friend or Foe
INS: inertlal Navigation System
IA: Infrared
JP: Jet Petroleum
KHz: Kilohertz
LHA: Landing Hellcopter
Amphiblous
LHD: Landing Helicopler Dock
LOS: Line of Sight
LPD: Landing Plattom Dock
LAE: Launch & Recovery
System
MAE: Medlum Altiude
Endurance
MHZ. Megahertz
MMF: Moble Maintenance
Facility
MMP: Modular Mission Payloar
MOGAS: Moblty Gasoline
MOSP: Multi-mission OptronIc
Stabltized Payload
MPS: Mission Planning Station
PCS: Portable Control Statton
RATO: Rocket-Assisted Takeol
RAS: Remole Recolving Statio
RVT: Remote Video Terminal
SATCOM: Satellite
Communicallons
(Military)
TML: Truck-Mounted Launcher
UHF: Uttra High Frequency

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 450, "chars": 3007, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
operating altitude of 65000 ft and range of 3000 nm and payload capacity of 1960 pounds with
LOC (274 Mbps) and two SATCOM (19.2 kbps and 1.5-50 Mbps) comm links; DarkStar low
observable (LO) HAE UAV has an operating altitude of >45000 ft, a range >500 nm, a payload
capacity of 1000 pounds, and LOS (37 Mbps), and several SATCOM (19.2 kbps and 1.5 Mbps)
comm links. Because the Predator has the smallest payload capability and would likely be the
UAV most available for testing the concept of operations to be described, the 450- pound
payload capability becomes a driving design factor in the operational concept. Assuming
approximately 250 pounds for the mini-UAV, this leaves approximately 200 pounds for the
AUM or robots.
A longer term possibility for delivery of the AUM into denied areas is the Boeing-North
American unmanned space vehicle (USV) (a small reusable mini-spaceplane) that becomes the
reusable upper stage of a launch system that is carried to hypersonic speeds by a larger aircraft or
is ground launched. The payload capability will be in the 1200- to 2000-pound range in a bay 4 ft
in diameter by 7 ft long. Figure 5 is a Boeing-North American-produced viewgraph showing
another type of payload being considered for the USV as a suborbital delivery of munitions for a
precision strike. A scaled version was rolled out in November 1997 for a test program that will
run seven years.
Figure 6 illustrates the deployment steps expected of the mini-UAV, which should have a low
radar cross-section and low acoustic levels. One company, Omega Aerospace of Everett,
Washington, has a paragliding UAV called the Tactical Unmanned Surveillance Aircraft (TUSA)
vehicle that could potentially satisfy the mini-UAV requirements. Such a mini-UAV would be
dropped from the larger delivering UAV (Predator or Global Hawk) toward the target UGF area
at an appropriate standoff distance and altitude to prevent detection. A likely scenario is a drop at
an altitude of 1000 feet with a standoff of 10 to 20 miles from the target for final delivery of the
penetrator and exfiltration antenna under precision GPS or terrain mapping correlation to a
preplanned penetration site that is within one km or two from the desired sensor location, as
depicted in Figure 6. The penetration site is selected to be a ravine, forested area, or other terrain
feature that will serve to hide its presence, yet be as close as possible to the final sensor
placement location consistent with not being detected. Delivery will likely occur at night to
minimize visibility. The paragliding TUSA is not only very quiet, but also takes only a very short
distance of a few feet to land and take off (minimizing the terrain impact due to its presence),
and its parasail deflates on landing to minimize its visible cross-section.
In order to remain covert, the AUM upon deployment from the mini-UAV should keep its
deployment time to a minimum while entering the ground, should not generate visible, seismic,
16
LEE CORPORATION

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 117, "chars": 877, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
from 747
Weapon Options
Unitary (1).
DRAAM (2):
SSB (3)
powered
LOCAAS 6)
Launch on
Mark 1 MSP
• REFLY™M serves as reusable
weapon delivery platform
• Weapons contained in Common
Aero Vehicle / CAV (minus major
propulsion)
• 3 CAVs per REFLY™; 6 CAVS
per 747 sortie
• Multiple weapon options:
• Anti-facility, anti-material,
anti-air, intel support
600 nm c
range
• 8,500 nadow
inge
• Moniton
Impact
< 80 kft)
Figure 5.
Illustration of Boeing North American Mini Space UAV for Delivery of Fast Reaction
Precision Strike. Same capability could be used to deliver an AUM to a designated site
from space (figure courtesy of Boeing North American).
CORPORATIOA
orbital Weapon
joctoly
• Europe, Africa, and most of Asia
covered with CONUS-based
easterly launches (shown).
• Eastern Asia covered with
westerly launches from same
CONUS base.
Sub-orbital
strike and land
"once-around"

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 62, "chars": 480, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CORPORATIOA
00
"Rock"
(a)
i.lisi
Release Cable
Artifical "Rock" to
Camouflage Antenna
(b)
Figure 6.
Deployment of Penetrator and Camouflaged Exfiltrating Antenna to Insertion Target
Point. (a) Para-wing daughter UAV brings penetrator and antenna quietly to the
surface. (b) The insertion tube tilts and penetration begins; antenna is deployed
adjacent to insertion hole. (c) After deployment, daughter UAV quietly leaves
ground, leaving only the concealed antenna on the surface.

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 478, "chars": 3128, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
or acoustic signatures that can be detected while penetrating, and should deploy microsensors to
minimize their visual detectability, once positioned by the AUM at the final sensor location.
Covert low probability of intercept (LPI) communication schemes should also be used to
minimize the detectability of exfiltrated surveillance data. The AUM should be able to deploy
voice-activated acoustic sensors, radiation sensors, chemical and biological sniffers, low-light-
level EO and IR imaging sensors, and sensors that can detect items that have been covertly
tagged (for example, a magnetic stripe on a crate that indicates a piece of equipment built in
Germany is being delivered to a UGF in Libya).
Figures 7, 8, and 9 illustrate three concepts of operations with microrobots that utilize the dual
large/mini UAV delivery scheme to stealthily place the energy-limited microrobots within a
short distance of an underground facility. In Figure 7, the large UAV (Predator shown) drops the
mini-UAV carrying the microrobots at a standoff range from the UGF. The mini-UAV flies
quietly closer to the UGF and lands in a covered position 1 km or less from the targeted sensor
placement points. The microrobots are deployed from the mini-UAV, and attempt entry through
air-intake or exhaust vents associated with the UGF or, if under construction, might even attempt
entry through the tunnels to assess the internal structure by imagery collection. The microrobots
then make their way back to the mini-UAV, where the collected data is transferred to the UAV
comm equipment, where it is then exfiltrated out by communication with a passing SATCOM or
loitering UAV (perhaps the one that dropped the mini-UAV in the first place). Once the robots
are recovered, the mini-UAV takes off and self-destructs a few kilometers away in a forested or
body-of-water terrain area to leave no trace of the activity except the possibility of a few feet of
tire tracks on the surface at the mini-UAV landing site. Having the one-time-use mini-UAV self-
destruct simplifies the UAV design because it reduces its size and complexity by not having to
structure a design with long flight distance in order to recover it.
Figure 8 presents an alternative robots-delivered-by-UAV concept of operations. This scenario
can use the technology developed under a separate DARPA 1997 SBIR topic for a robotic hitch-
hiker. Here the idea is for the microrobot, which might look like road kill, to place itself after
deployment from the mini-UAV, in the middle of a road that leads to the UGF. The robot would
attach itself to a passing vehicle like a truck, unattach at the site, take sensor data, reattach to the
vehicle, ride the vehicle out of the UGF area, detach itself at the right place for ambling back to
the mini-UAV, pass the data it collected to the mini-UAV comm equipment that would exfiltrate
the data out of the area as previously described.
Figure 9 presents yet another robot-delivered-by-UAV concept of operations. In this scenario, a
long-term monitoring mission is envisioned in which a larger robot capable of burrowing its
19
SCORPORATION

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 71, "chars": 498, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SATCOM
Air drop daughter microJAV or
paraglider from stealth mother
JAV or mini-spaceplane
deorbiter with rover robot
Precision nighttime
landing and deploy
rover robot
Rover uses lowlight land
IR/EO for navigation and
imagery and
chemical sniffing
Daughter takeoff, uplink
data, fly to standoff
range and self
destruct
Air Duct
on Surface
Under
constructior
Recover
rover
robot
Adit
Adit
Figure 7. Underground Facility Close Access Characterization Concept Of Operation: Roving
Robot Infiltration

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 483, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SATCOM
Air drop daughter
microUAV or paraglider
from mother UAV or
deorbiter with
hitchhiker robot
Serenie a Lat i mie
Hitchhiker detaches,
senses, and reattaches
Precision nighttime
landing and deploy
hitchhiker robot
or deploy with
special forces
Daughter takeoff, uplink
data, fly to standoff
range and self
destruct
Detach
and recover
hitchhiker
robot
Figure 8.
Underground Facility Close Access Characterization Concept Of Operation: Hitch-
Hiking Robot Infiltration
ORPORATION

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 76, "chars": 547, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
.)
SATCOM
Air drop daughter microUAV or
paraglider from mother UAV
or mini-spaceplane deorbiter
with monitor robot
acted al
Precision nighttime
landing and deploy
monitor robot
Daughter takeoff, uplink
data, fly to standoff
range and self
destruct
Robot travels to
high point, digs in,
periscopes a
sensor or antenna
Sensors.
Monitor robot positions
itself and buries antenna
and sensor parascope
Truck with tagged
equipment within FOV
Figure 9.
Underground Facility Close Access Characterization Concept of Operation:
Continuous Entry Monitoring

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 487, "chars": 3067, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
entire mass just below ground is deployed from the mini-UAV. The mini-UAV would
immediately depart after deployment and would fly away to self-destruct. The burrowing robot
would place itself in a position to place sensor up through the ground on a slim periscoping stem
to minimize detection (perhaps only periscoping up at night). The stem also serves as an antenna
for more conventional spread-spectrum LPI comm link to exfiltrate the sensor data out from the
site. The robot must carry sufficient battery power to run the sensors and comm link for long-
term monitoring (typically several weeks or months).
3.1 Close Access Long-Duration Perimeter Monitoring
In most stealthy insertions of a sensor package to an operational UGF, it will not be possible to
use surface-based robots that can be seen, nor will it likely be possible to land the mini-UAV in
such close proximity to the UGF. A standoff landing of 0.5 to 2 km will probably be required in
most conops in order to remain undetected. This means that the sensors will need to be moved
underground a distance of 0.5 to 2 km in order to position them close to the entrances of a UGF
for long-term monitoring about the UGF entrance perimeter. The autonomous underground
microborer (AUM) is the proposed device to accomplish this.
Deployment. After landing the AUM to the surface via the large/mini-UAV conops, the original
Phase I SBIR proposal had attached a tube containing the penetrator assembly to the mini-UAV,
as indicated in Figure 6 (b). On the other side is a communication antenna concealed in a
culturally blending form, such as a rock shape with color indigenous to the target area or a plant
indigenous to the area. If there is sufficient payload capability, a second AUM could be carried
by the mini-UAV so that two penetrations could be attempted with one landing of the mini-
UAV. This would provide higher assurance of intelligence collection from the UGF site. In the
updated scenario, the mini-UAV would not have straight launching tubes, but would use a coil-
tube drill stem approach to inserting the AUM into the ground.
Emplacement. Once on the surface, the original Phase I SBIR proposal had the mini-UAV stay
only long enough for the penetrator to fully enter the ground and the camouflaged antenna to
move over the borehole (a few hours). After deployment of the penetrator, the UAV would take
off and self-destruct over terrain that can hide its presence, such as a lake, river, deep forest, or
difficult-to-access terrain. The penetrator would then advance another km or so to the target
point. Alternatively, if the mini-UAV landing spot is close enough to be the observation point for
the monitoring, then a simple one-step shallow microboring followed by sensor insertion could
be performed while the mini-UAV stays on the ground, as illustrated in Figure 10. When the
UAV departed the scene, it would then be able to take the penetrator assembly along with it for
self-destruction. If the landing site is well concealed and 1 or 2 km from the targeted sensor
23
CORPORATIOI

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 467, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Insertion
Parawing
Uncoiled Tubing
1/2 inch Rock Melting
Microborer with Hot Tip
Rock Melting
Penetrator
with Cold Tip
(a)
(b)
Periscope Stem Through
Rock with Sensor
Mini-UAV
Flies Away
Electronics, Comm and
Batteries for Sensor(s)
(c)
(d)
Figure 10. Details of Sensor Emplacement for Continuous Entry Monitoring using Least
Complex Microboring Scenario. (a) Microbore a few feet. (b) Withdraw microborer.
(c) Insert sensor stem. (d) Cover with exfiltration "rock."

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 528, "chars": 3409, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
location, another scenario is to have the mini-UA V serve as a surface-base for the microboring,
which permits some borehole equipment to stay with the UAV (e.g., a reel of coiled tubing, an
insertion device, and a fuel bladder) and a simplified downhole penetrator of smaller diameter to
be designed. Once the microboring is finished (one or two days), then the mini-UAV would take
the surface-based microboring equipment, leaving only the camouflaged antenna or just a small
borehole (as though made by snake or rodent) if the UAV had already relayed the surveilled
sensor data, and self-destruct. Figure 11 shows the overall conops approach. The field of view
(FOV) for the conops presented in Figure 10 corresponds to the one marked as A in Figure 11.
Insertion. In the original Phase I proposal, upon landing, the penetrator was envisioned to be
deployed from an insertion tube on the side of the mini-UAV that tilts to bring it into contact with
the ground surface. The penetrator is activated and propulsion mechanisms within the tube, perhaps
as simple as a spring, force the penetrator into the ground until the penetrator self-propulsion
mechanism can engage the borehole sides that it has created, as illustrated in Figure 6(b). The
camouflaged antenna is dropped to the surface from the opposite side of the UAV adjacent to the
borehole. Once the entire penetrator has entered the borehole, a tether on the rear end of the
penetrator assembly pulls the camouflaged antenna object over the borehole, and then breaks at a
certain tension level to disengage from the penetrator. This covers the borehole. The penetrator
assembly in our original concept consisted of an articulated linkage of nonmetallic cylinders
(nonmetallic composite material to minimize detection by electromagnetic or acoustic means), each
about 10 to 15 inches in length, as illustrated in Figure 12. The lead cylinder would have the rock-
melting penetrator tip and the propulsion mechanism, as illustrated in Figure 13. This cylinder also
has the periscoping sensors that are deployed at the interior chamber wall or at the exterior
monitoring location. A second cylinder has the ground-penetrating radar used for navigating and
for detection of chamber walls (by creating a radar "image" of the earth and/or UGF walls ahead of
the penetrator tip). A third cylinder/module contains batteries to run communications and
navigation electronics for the penetrator and sensors onboard. Following that are an arbitrary
number of cylinders that carry the fuel for the thermal melting tip and the coiled fiber optic cable.
The number of fuel and cable cylinders is determined by the distance of penetration that is required.
The fuel is moved under pressure to the lead cylinder with the melting tip through the couplings
that connect each cylinder. As the assembly penetrates, the fiber optic cable in tension-relief
jacketing, which is attached to the camouflaged antenna, is deployed behind the trailing cylinder.
As a fuel cylinder is depleted, it is unlinked with the remainder of the penetrator assembly and left
in the borehole. This reduces the mass that the penetrator assembly has to move and it also blocks
the borehole if it is later discovered and an attempt is made to explore the borehole from the surface
with a fish line. Steering of the penetrator head was envisioned to be accomplished by segmenting
25
CORPORATIO

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 142, "chars": 1059, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ionospheric
"Mirror"
SATCOM
Loitering
Air drop daughter UAV or
paraglider from mother UAV
or deorbiter with
microtunneling penetrator
Over the horizon
Ionospheric Heater
Satellite or
UAV Link
Precision
nighttime landing
and deploy
penetrator with
camouflaged
surface unit
UGS
Sensor
•Field
=
Daughter takeoff, uplink
data, fly to standoff
range and self
destruct
ELF Waves
from mirror
penetrate
ground to
microboring
penetrator
Exfiltration
"Rock"
Fiberoptic
Cable
Poke through
with sensor to
monitor entrances
Depleted Core
Penetration unit melts/compresses/digs
Navigating
Beam_- T ›
microtunnel while rotating/displaced
imaging sensor array (microwave, ELF,
acoustic) maps the UFG layout
Figure 11. Underground Facility Close Access Characterization Concept of Operations: Sensor
Placement/Mapping by Deep Penetration Autonomous Microborer. Delivery by
mini-UAV with surveillance data exfiltration via concealed antenna to a SATCOM
or loitering UAV serving as comm relay.
Ground penetrating radar for
navigating and imaging UGF
bistatically with UGS field

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 97, "chars": 793, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UGS Sensor
Cutaway
of UGF
Decoy "Rock"
Containing Comm
Exfiltration Antenna
#1 Monitoring
Mode, or
#2 Underground
Comm Line or,
1" to 2"
Microborehole
Fiberoptic Cable
Command Navigation
Electronics Module
#3 Penetration Mode
for Remote Release, or
0.
: #4Mapping
modes b
Depleted Module
Fuel and Fiberoptic Cable Modules
Ground Penetrating Radar (GPR) for
Penetrator Navigation and UGF Mapping
Rock Melting Penetrator and Propulsion Mechanism
Figure 12. Original Phase I Proposal Configuration of the Proposed Rock-Melting Underground
Microborer Showing Penetrator Tip, Navigating and Mapping Ground-Penetrating
Radar Plus Sensors Module, a Communications and Underground Navigation
Electronics Cylinder, and a Number Of Modules Containing Tip-Melting Fuel and
Coiled Fiberoptical Comm Cable

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 66, "chars": 491, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CORPORATION
Top View
Side View
Microsensors
Coaxial Periscoping Sensor Stem
Break Off Tip to
Release Micro-robots
or
Propulsion Fins
with Catch Teeth
чий
Four Quadrant
Rock Melt
Penetrator Tip
Concrete Wall
(a)
(b)
Figure 13. Details of Two Cylinder Modules on the Original Proposed Penetrator Assembly. (a)
Penetrator melting tip showing four quadrants of heaters and the propulsion fins
along the cylindrical length. (b) Offset microdrilling module showing coaxial
periscoping sensor stem

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 477, "chars": 3063, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the penetrator tip into four quadrants, each heated separately. Differential heating of the quadrants
would lead to different melting rates and therefore would deflect the path of the tip according to the
different melting rates.
In the updated conops shown in Figure 14, the diameter of the AUM is reduced from 2 inches to
less than 1/2 inch and instead of a self-contained downhole propulsion mechanism, an unreeled
coiled-tubing means of thrusting the rock-melting penetrator tip would be operated from the
surface as an integrated part of the landed mini-UAV. The significant decrease in AUM diameter
allows for over a 25X reduction in energy requirements for microboring by rock melting, which
leads to a corresponding increase in standoff distance of perhaps 1 to 2 km. This will provide a
greater opportunity to find a covered location for the mini-UAV to operate longer on the surface
before departure is needed, and therefore an opportunity to simplify the downhole penetrator by
putting some of the microborer insertion equipment on the surface as an integral part of the
delivering UAV. In the updated conops, the electric drilling that performs the final drillout and
placement of the sensor(s) would follow directly through the centerline of the penetrator, drilling
right through the penetrator tip, as illustrated in Figures 14 and 15. The offset drilling of the
original conops was not feasible once the diameter was reduced from 2 inches to 1/2 inch. Also,
available classified electric drill devices developed by the CIA may be applicable for use in this
new scenario.
Penetration. The AUM would penetrate 0.5 to 2 km through the ground and deliver imaging and/or
audio sensors to a target position just below ground level in a berm overlooking a tunnel or adit
(entrance). This would correspond, for example, to the FOY designated as B in Figure 11. The
microsensors would protrude from the electric drill bit by coaxially sliding out of the bit tip to an
above ground level on a small stem "periscope" that can monitor visually and acoustically the
traffic into and out of the UGF entrance. The periscoping microsensor stem can be pulled below
ground level back into the delivering AUM body to prevent detection or when not in operation.
The life time of the sensors would likely be weeks, depending on the battery capability.
3.2
Close Access Long-Duration Interior Monitoring
A more complex mission is the placement of sensors into the wall of an UGF. In this scenario,
the AUM would rock melt through the ground and a targeted wall of the UGF structure, which is
likely to be concrete, stopping short of penetrating all the way through the UGF wall. A small
hollow concrete drill stem would be extended from the AUM to penetrate the remaining distance
and the microsensors would be deployed on a smaller periscoping stem that would coaxially
extend from the drill stem, as depicted in Figure 15 and shown as final destination D in
Figure 11. The complexity and power drain for autonomous navigation to the interior and the
29
FEEORPORATION

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 102, "chars": 774, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Colled Tubing Re
Electric Injector
(Thrust Source)
Fuel Storage and Batterles
Ground Penetrating Radar Chamber
"Colled Tubing Stem
Tilted Dipole Antennae
Enabled in Composite
Nonmetallic Chamber Walls -
Azimuthal Antenna Pattern
Colled Tubing
(Inside Is Telemetry/Power Cables,
Fuel Under Pressure to Pentrator, Retur Line)
Rock Melting Penetratior and Combustion Chamber
Combustion
• Circulating Fuel Line for Cooling
Line -
• Retractory
Metal Melter
Ground Penetrating Radar Chamber
Electric Drill Chamber with
Sensors to be Emplaced
Insulator
9.
Combustion Chamber and Heat Plpe
Batterles
Combustion
Heat Pipe
44400723
Electric Drill Chamber
10cm Rock Melting Penetrator
Figure 14. Design Configuration for Rock Melting Autonomous Microborer as a Result of
Phase I Study

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 82, "chars": 505, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Microsensors Break Off Tip to
Coaxial Periscoping Sensor stem Release Micro-robots \

TT er cr re

Ae

‘ yo # 4 eneieiari:| 1 aaah |

ae

Drill Stem

.
tae : '
Tae ns ul e ole
bat dal ye
me Ta =. a
“am ta wal me
te ety, ta.
“ha ts a
re Mag Tae ree
“ wot 4am
ee we Ba he
‘ a] . : amy to,
uot 2 = er eae
2ote .
: ™ ~
are 6

+.
Fe
* es
*,.

It

Sensor
Protruding
From Wall

Concrete Wall

(a) (b)

Figure 15. Details of Coaxial Centerline Final Electric Drilling to Emplace Sensor Stem

a

NOLMYEOdU00 Aa as

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 2828, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
final drilling will likely drain more battery power, and the monitoring time for surveillance may
be somewhat shorter than the exterior monitoring mission, assuming the same weight of batteries
are carried in both missions. The intent of this AUM mission is therefore a confirmation of what
is inside the UGF for physical characterization/verification of the UGF activities, so the device
would likely carry radiation measuring sensors and chemical/biological sniffers rather than
imaging sensors.
3.3 Underground Facility Mapping/Imaging
In collaboration with stealthily placed unattended ground sensors (UGS) positioned in the ground
above a suspected UGF, the AUM would penetrate underneath the lower floor of the UGF along
a path that is likely to traverse the entire extent of the UGF, such as that depicted as C in
Figure 11. A ground-penetrating radar (GPR) transmitter carried along with the AUM, which
normally serves as the navigating sensor for the AUM, would intentionally have its output
impulse power increased in order to serve as a source for the UGS array to bistatically form a
microwave image of the underground facility. This approach to imaging will likely be limited to
distances between UGS and AUM of at most 100 meters due to the attenuation characteristics of
radar frequencies through the ground. Because this is a one-direction (from AUM transmitter to
UGS receivers) transmissive ground-penetration radar method of imaging, it has over twice the
imaging range of a traditional GPR, requiring a round-trip reflective method of imaging, which
has typically in practice achieved ground-penetration imaging through 50 meters or less.
3.4
Other Uses
There will certainly be many other uses for the AUM technology proposed for development in
this report. Two other cases that come to mind are as follows:
Neutralization Ordnance Preplacement. The AUM can serve as a vehicle for prepositioning a
small ordnance package to a designated target point near to or into a UGF. The AUM has too
small a diameter in the revised conops to carry a highly destructive level of ordnance, but its
capability to precisely place a small amount could be useful for a neutralization mission to
disable a function or a door within the UGF, such as an air defense command center prior to a
strike force sortie that would bring the function of the UGF down, allowing allied forces planes
to penetrate the airspace. The munition would be commanded via a satellite or loitering UAV
link to be set off at a designated time. This ordnance need not destroy the facility, only disable
its function. Thus, destruction of a power grid or communication node in or near the UGF may
also be sufficient to disable its function, such as a command and control center, during allied
operations in previously denied territory.
32
ECORFORATION

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 131, "chars": 935, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Special Forces Manual Version. Although this report considers primarily an autonomously
deployed underground sensor collection system for UGFs in nonurbanized terrain using a
mother/daughter form of UAV delivery, any penetrator technologies and underground navigating
and imaging technologies developed to implement the AUM concept will also be applicable for
development of a manually operated rock/concrete-melting penetrator. Such a device would be
useful for urban settings in which special operations forces would be used to access or place
sensors in walls, HVAC, or conduits to denied facilities from adjacent or nearby buildings. A
special forces team of four people, each carrying 100 pounds, can carry in more rock-melting
penetrator equipment and fuel (400 pounds) than the UAV means of delivery (200 pounds). Thus,
safe operating distances of perhaps 2 km should be possible for such manually deployed AUMs.
33
SORPORATION

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 430, "chars": 3073, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4.0 ENABLING TECHNOLOGY EVALUATIONS
While Sections 1 and 3 satisfy the requirements of the primary task for the Phase I SBIR project of
developing a feasible concept of operations together with the technology roadmap to accomplish
the conops and an estimate of the program cost if the roadmap were implemented, this section
addresses the requirements of the other tasks cited in the Phase I proposal. These tasks focused
attention on the four most critical technologies of the roadmap. Specifically, these tasks were
(1) investigate rock melt penetrator and determine its feasibility relative to other microboring
approaches, (2) investigate underground navigation technologies that permit the boring system to
determine its underground position and the target location, (3) provide a bistatic UGF imaging
feasibility assessment, and (4) investigate data exfiltration techniques to transmit the sensor data
that are extremely covert. This section provides the results of these evaluation tasks.
4.1 m
Penetrator Design
The key technology that drives the autonomous underground microborer design is the method of
penetration. We surmised as part of our Phase I proposal that a rock-melting technique
pioneered during the late 1960s through mid 1970s by a group of scientists at Los Alamos
National Laboratory, in what is now called the Geoengineering Group of the Earth and
Environmental Science (EES) directorate, would be the appropriate approach. Their work,
which has not been widely publicized, was developed for an effort called the Subterrene Program
to investigate excavation systems based on melting extruding penetrators for geothermal energy
exploration and oil exploration that could employ electricity provided by thermonuclear energy
sources to power the penetration. A closer evaluation still leads to the same conclusion that rock-
melting is the way to go for stealthy penetration of underground facilities.
A number of penetration methods were considered, including traditional rotary drilling, high-
pressure water-jet-assisted rotary drilling, abrasive-jet drilling, percussion types (jackhammer-
like), flame-jet spallation drilling, plasma torches, lasers, electron-beam guns, as well as rock-
melting penetrators. Although not the most energy efficient of all the methods, the rock-melting
approach was the quietest method able to go through concrete; it can be constructed for very
small diameters, whereas other methods require larger boreholes; and it involves the least
amount of equipment of all the methods that need to be on the surface.
An ultra-high-pressure abrasive waterjet, such as that manufactured by Flow International Corp. of
Kent, WA, was one of the several competing technologies that were considered strong contenders
as means of penetration. Specialized versions have actually been constructed for manual operation
by special operations forces. Although fairly quiet at the abrasive tip and able to be constructed
for reasonably small diameters, it still requires very noisy water pump support and water recovery
34
TCORPORATIOR

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 510, "chars": 3348, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
systems that would have to be left on the surface. Laser drilling was considered too exotic and
difficult to navigate in an autonomous system. The electrical usage was also too high. Pneumatic
hammering tips (percussive), such as the commercial trenchless technology of the DitchWitch
(TM) for near-surface boring used in cable placement, was considered too seismically and
acoustically noisy, even though it was more energy efficient than the rock-melting technique.
Actual auguring, or rotary drilling, was also considered but was found to have problems disposing
of the tailings; also, it was not able to penetrate rocks or concrete.
As an indicator of energy efficiency in drilling/boring, one measure of the performance of a
boring technique is an evaluation in terms of its specific energy (energy consumption per unit
volume removed) of boring and specific power (amount of power that can be delivered to a unit
area of the working face). The rate of penetration is given by the ratio of specific power to
specific energy, R=3600P/S where R is the rate of penetration in m/h, P is the power delivered to
the working face per unit area in MW/m?, and S is the specific energy of the technique in use in
MJ/ m?.
• Values of the specific energy vary with the strength, type, and condition of the rock and
the technique used. Examples of several techniques for hard rock are [Cook and Harvey, 1974]:
percussive (jackhammer) P=3.3 and S=390, rotary P=0.7 and S=840, jet-piercing P=3.8 and
S=1500. Novel techniques such as flame jet-piercing, water jet erosion, and laser and electron
beams tend to have high values of specific energy. Figure 16 shows that small-hole drilling is the
most efficient. Laser and electron beam equipment is too bulky and large to provide large
amounts of power. Note in Figure 16 that rock melting is less energy efficient than other
approaches. As part of ORINCON's support of class projects at the nearby University of
California, San Diego (USD) campus, we sponsored a class study to build a percussion tool
that could measure energy usage to penetrate various soils as part of this SBIR project. The key
measurement for clay soils is shown as point 6 of Figure 16. Figure 17 is a diagram of the device
designed by the UCSD mechanical engineering class.
The feasibility of "drilling" holes with rock-melting penetrators was demonstrated by the Los
Alamos Scientific Laboratory (now Los Alamos National Laboratories (LANL)) beginning in the
mid 1960s and it still appears to be the only facility worldwide that is experimenting with this
approach to boring (no other literature references were found, and scientists at LANL were not
aware of any others evaluating rock melting techniques). Using an electrically heated laboratory
device, holes were drilled in basalt and concrete up to 6 inches (15 cm) deep and 2 inches (5 cm)
wide at rates of about 3.3 ft/hr (1 m/hr). Energy requirements for these initial tests were about
2 to 3 times that required to melt basalt, or roughly 10K to 20K J/cm. In 1971, a report was
published which reviewed, analyzed, and discussed a proposed program of development for large
penetrators called Electric Subterrenes or Nuclear Subterrenes [Smith 1971] using compact
nuclear reactors. Experiments varying the hole shape were demonstrated (the penetrator does not
35
- CORPORATION

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 77, "chars": 679, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
100
Rate of Penetration (m/h)
1
3
10 MJ/m3
•= 100 MJ/m3
1000 MJ/m3
10000 MJ/m3
0,1
1
10
104
105
Specific Power (KW/m2)
Figure 16. Comparison of Various Drilling/Boring Techniques in Terms of Rate of Penetration,
Specific Power, and Specific Energy: (1) Small Percussive Drills, (2) Rotary Drills,
(3) Drill-and-Blast Tunneling, (5) Rock Melting and Arc Jet [from Cook and Harvey,
1974], and (6) Measurement by UCSD Mechanical Engineering Percussion Tool
-1.-2
10ø)
@ (REF.)
Figure 17.
Mechanical Percussive Penetrator Built by UCSD Mechanical Engineering Project
Class to Validate Results Shown in Figure 16. (a) Precision driving assembly, and
(b) Penetrator.
36
LE CORPORATION

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 472, "chars": 3180, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
rotate). Waste rock turned into glass was used for hole lining and/or forced into fissures or
removed through the melting bit to the surface.
Rock melting works because soil, rocks, and concrete melt at about 2000 degrees less than the
material of the penetrator body, as indicated by Figure 18 and Table 2. Temperatures of
approximately 1800 degrees Kelvin are sufficient to melt most rocks and soils encountered in
drilling and tunneling. Table 2 provides the melting temperature of refractories and the melting
ranges of rock, showing that available structural materials have sufficiently high melting
temperatures to allow the construction of rock penetrating devices. The research at LANL
investigated materials for melting, the rate of melt, the operating life of the penetrator, analyzed
the heat transfer and fluid mechanics of the rock-melting for predicting performance, and
experimented with debris handling and removal (mostly in the form of rock glass). Depths up to
100 meters have actually been made with a melting penetrator of approximately 2-inch diameter.
Penetrators to date have been heated with electrically powered resistive, pyrolytic-graphite heater
elements to achieve melting temperatures between 1700 and 2100 degrees Kelvin. Electrical
energy sources were used for convenience and simplicity of the rock-melting penetrator design,
although heating by burning an oxidized fuel will be the preferred approach in the design of the
AUM. The electrical energy usage was approximately 2 KW with the rate of penetration
typically about one foot per hour (i.e., 2 KWH/ft is energy usage as a function of penetration
range). A stabilized borehole with glass lining was formed as a result of the rock-melting
process. To be investigated is the possibility of using so-called consolidation penetrators in
which, by melting out to a diameter larger than that of the penetrator, the molten debris from the
melting can be entirely consolidated in the denser glass lining. This would completely eliminate
the necessity to remove melt debris and would greatly simplify the microboring penetrator
design. Although a 2-inch diameter is likely to be the best diameter to accommodate the
electronic components and the mechanical design of the propulsion and sensor periscoping
mechanisms, a goal would be a 1/2-inch diameter or smaller. As the energy to penetrate varies
with the square of the diameter, considerable fuel and penetrator size can be saved by use of a
smaller diameter. In fact, the melting power E and penetration velocity V are related by
VpA{C(T-T)+H]=E
where p is the density of the rock or soil, A is melted cross-sectional area, C is the specific heat, T
is the melting temperature, T, is the ambient temperature, and His the effective heat of fusion.
Electrical-powered resistive heating is not going to be an energy efficient method to heat the
melting tip of the penetrator. The current LANL design uses a resistively heated pyrolytic-graphite
heater element which radiates energy to the refractory metal penetrator body with a heat flux of
2 MW/m', which is typically molybdenum. LANL has considered the possibility of arranging the
SCORPORATiON

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 247, "chars": 1711, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
109
108
/ Parallel Plate Viscometer
Softening Point, n=107.6 Poises
Crystallization
Typical Granite
Tuff
Basalt
, Pyrex Glass
Obsidian y
103
102l
Typical Lava y
Note:
Data from Corning
Glass Works
900
1100
Rotational
Viscometer
1300
1500
1700
1900
Temperature (k)
Figure 18. Typical Temperature Dependence of Rock-Melt Viscosity During Melting Based on Theory
(line) Versus Measurements (Dots) for Rock in Los Alamos Area [from Rowley, 1974]
electric current of a rock-melting penetrator to pass through the molten region in order to place
most of melting power directly in the melt layer just adjacent to the melting interface (direct heat
melt) so as to increase the energy efficiency.
Current LANL rock-melt penetrator designs circulate a gas down the pipe stem to which the
penetrator is attached, which serves to chill the molten rock to a glass-like lining for hole support
(see Figure 22), thus stabilizing the borehole in loose, unconsolidated, wet and dry soils and in
low-density rocks. For larger penetrator heads (not to be considered for the AUM), the molten
rock can be extruded through ports or flow passages in the penetrator and chilled by a gas
coolant; the melt can be formed selectively into glass pellets, glass rods, or rock wool. Both
types of penetrators are illustrated in Figure 19 (c) and Figure 20. Both theory and practice show
that the penetrator advances at a rate directly proportional to the power applied to melt the rock
or soil, where theory models the heat-transfer processes, melt-flow fluid mechanics, and
penetrator geometry, as shown in Figure 21. The selected penetrator is relatively insensitive to
wide variations in rock or soil type and strength.
38
SA CORPORATION

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 98, "chars": 1009, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Table 2. Comparative Melting Temperatures of Various Refractory Ceramics, Metals,
Minerals, and Rocks [from Rowley, 1974]
Temperature
Refractory Materials
Silica (quartz)
Corundum
Lime
Boron nitride
Graphite
Metals
Iron
Chromium
Niobium
Molybdenum
Tungsten
Minerals
Albite
Orthoclase (K-feldspar)
Anorthite
Diopside
Magnetite
Rocks(a.b)
Olivine basalt
Biotite granite
Bandelier tuff
Santa Fe formation (alluvial soil)
Formula
SiOz
AbOs
Cao
BN
Fe
Cr
ND
Mo
CaMgSi,06
Fez0a
°c
1723
2030
2570
~ 3000 (sublimes)
~ 3700 (sublimes)
- 1535
1850
2468
2620
3380
1120
1150
1553
1391
~ 1538 (decomp.)
1080-1220
1100-1250
1180-1250
1100-1200
K
1996
2303
2843
~3273
~39737
1808
2123
2741
2893
3653
1393
1423
1826
1664
1811
1353-1493
1373-1523
1453-1523
1373-1473
) Because sock melin incide are are ration me mered an eleanon
relative viscosity of these phases. Viscosity is a strongly temperature-dependent property.
Different rock melts can be compared at either constant viscosity or constant temperature
39
CORPORATION

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 98, "chars": 692, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Injector
Wellhead
Coiled Tubing Reel
Coiled Tubing Reel
Pump
Discharge
Piping to
Reel
Suction Pit
Coiled Tubing •
Telemetry
Motor or Turbine
Steering Tool Set Inside •
a Non-magnetic Collar
Bent Housing
Bit
Drill Cuttings
Settling Pit
Suction Pipe
Drilling Fluid Pump
Low Pressure Return in Annulas
(b)
Coiled-Tubing
Drill Stem
Flow Line
Return from
Annulas
Diverter
Packoff
Conductor Pipe
High Pressure
Flow in Tubing
Bit Sub
Cooled Stem
Insulator
(a)
Hydraulic Rotary Drill
Replaced by Rock-
Melting Penetrator
Ec
Glass Liner
Em
Heater E
Rock Melt
Hot Penetrator Body
(C)
Figure 19. Microboring Components Developed at LANL. (a) Coiled tubing drill stem with
Penetrator [from Rowley, 1974]

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 71, "chars": 564, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Glass
Lining.
Heated Penetrator
Body
(a) Consolidation
(b) Extrusion
) Coring Wi
onsolidatio
(d) Coring With
Extrusion
Figure 20. Rock Melting Penetrator Forms Evaluated During the LASL Subterrene Program
[from Rowley, 1974]
FT, Minimum Thrust(kN)
75mm
- 180mm
Heated Surface Length
/s)
To
Surface
L
enet
ration
Ra
Test Data for Dried Tuff:
• 5/10/73
A 6/20/73
Qi, Total Heated Surface Power (KW)
Figure 21. Measurements of Penetration Rate Versus Melting Power Using 50 mm Diameter
Consolidating Penetrator Operating in Tuff [from Rowley, 1974]
41
EA CORPORATION

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 233, "chars": 1532, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Figure 22. Photograph of a Section of Glass-Lined, 50-mm Diameter Hole Produced in Tuff in
Which the Thickness of the Glass Lining was Approximately 12 mm
Melting penetrator devices are illustrated in Figure 20. One unit is called a density consolidation
penetrator because it melts the entire cross section of the hole in loose soil or low-density rock
sufficiently to form the glass lining and consolidates the molten debris into the dense glass lining.
The coolant flow through the steel thrusting stem chills the melt into a solid glass-like hole
lining. Most consolidators studied have diameters from 10 to 115 mm. Melt is handled by
extrusion through flow parts of passages with larger penetrators (66mm and larger).
42 Energy Sources
The energy source for the navigation electronics, exfiltration electronics, and sensor electronics
will use electrical energy from batteries, so that mission duration will ultimately be determined
by the amount of power energy that can be carried downhole or left on the surface. The energy
source for rock melting, however, is one of the critical technologies that ultimately will require
experimentation to determine which source will be the most viable from the standpoint of ease of
operation and delivered energy density for this microborer application. In this section, we shall
cover some of the first order properties that have led to the conclusion that an oxidized
hydrocarbon fuel should be used as the energy source. Critical decisions about specific fuels to
42
FEE CORPORATION

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2268, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
use will need to be determined as part of the early phase experiments of a full microborer project.
The rock melting experiments performed to date by LANL have used electrical power due to
(1) convenience, (2) simplified apparatus to create heating (cable to a resistive heating element),
and (3) the desire (at least originally) to use nuclear power converted to electrical power,
although there is no limitation in rock melting that requires only electrical-based heating. In fact,
Table 3 indicates that self-contained electrical power (batteries, fuel cell, or nuclear reactor with
electrical converter) is orders of magnitude less efficient than the most energy dense sources,
which tend to be hydrocarbon-based fuels. Thus, to deliver a minimum weight microboring
apparatus, we will need to explore hydrocarbon fuels as the source of penetrator heating. LANL
had also pumped cooled gas down the boring stem to the penetrator head to cool the molten rock
to solidify it into glass and to push debris and glass fragments back through an internal smaller-
diameter coaxial tube to the surface. Discussions with LANL indicate that, due to much smaller
diameters being considered for the microborer application, a penetrator design that controls the
heating and penetrating rates and rock material displacement can obviate the need for cooling
and debris removal, thus avoiding yet another energy source to run cooling apparatus pumps on
the surface. If the coiled tubing approach to microboring is used, a coaxial return-to-surface inner
tubing may be required to exhaust gas byproducts of the combustion. However, as no air will be
pumped from the surface to the combustion chamber where the fuel is burned, the fuel will need
to be self-oxidized.
Table 3. Energy Densities for Selected Fuels and Electrical Sources
Energy Density
Source
Nickel-Cadium Battery
LiSO 2 Battery
Rechargeable Auto Battery
Fuel Cells
High Explosive
Torpedo Fuel (estimated)
HEDM Rocket Propellant
Methanol
Diesel Fuel
(watt-hours/kilogram)
40
175
200
800
1,000
2,000
4,000
5,000
10,000
The investigation during this Phase I study found the most likely candidate for oxidized
hydrocarbon fuel for use in the microborer device to be torpedo fuel. The Indian Head Division
43
MOCORPORATION

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 493, "chars": 3171, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
of the Naval Surface Warfare Center (NSWC) at Indian Head, Maryland, is the only energetics
manufacturer of torpedo fuel (and several other specialty chemicals used for rocket motors and
warheads). However, there appear to be some classified aspects of this special fuel, and only an
estimated energy density is reported in Table 3. Both the Air Force and NASA conduct research
programs in high energy density materials (HEDM), primarily for use as rocket propellants. The
Air Force HEDM program is run by the Phillips Laboratory, and the NASA program is run by
the Space Propulsion Technology Division of the Lewis Research Center. Both programs prefer
cryogenically cooled high energy density fuels, which are not practical for use in the microborer
application. Nevertheless, detailed discussions should be held with both the Air Force and NASA
organizations to determine if any ambient temperature fuels have been developed that could be
used on the proposed microborer program.
We can project fuel requirements based on some of the experimental measurements already
made by LANL on their rock-melt microdrilling programs. Using a 2 Kw electrical source and a
2-inch diameter rock-melting penetrator, LANL achieved a penetration rate of approximately one
foot per hour, with very little dependence on the type of rock, soil or concrete material penetrated
for either the penetration rate or the amount of energy used. This corresponds to an energy
volumetric density rate of roughly 0.05 watt-hours per cubic centimeter (.05 w-h/cm?) of material
rock-melted and penetrated. Using the fact that diesel fuel has a mass density of 0.82 grams per
cubic centimeter (somewhat less dense than water at one gram per cubic cm) and the energy
density from Table 3, one can conclude by taking the ratio of the mass and energy densities that
the hydrocarbon diesel fuel has an energy volumetric density rate of approximately 8.2 watt-
hours per cubic centimeter for an equal volume of diesel to rock material removed or melted.
However, in practice one must account for the loss of volume due to the coiled tubing shell
thickness and the displacement of volume due to the internal return-to-surface coaxial tubing and
the telemetry cabling (assume a 50 percent displacement of volume), the use of a fuel other than
diesel (e.g., torpedo fuel, which appears to have 20 percent of the energy density of diesel), and
the efficiency of combustion and radiating the heat via a heat pipe to the penetrator head (assume
a 60 percent efficiency). This yields a net energy volumetric density rate of (.5)(.2)(.6)(8.2 w-
h/cm?) =0.49 w-h/cm?, which is still denser than the energy for melting an equivalent amount of
rock or concrete material. This suggests that the fuel will only need to be stored in the coiled
tubing and no external tank or bladder would be required to hold fuel.
We note that the penetration rate of one foot per hour (faster penetrations may be possible due to
the smaller diameter proposed for the microborer relative to the much larger penetrators used to
obtain the measurements) implies that a 1 km boring would require approximately eight weeks.
44
CORPORATION

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 452, "chars": 3056, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This needs to be considered carefully in the conops of any operation where a microborer may be
used.
4.3
Propulsion and Steering
In the original AUM concept presented in the Phase I SBIR proposal, we suggested a self-
propulsion scheme as depicted in Figures 12 and 13. Because the borehole is cooled to hard
glass as a byproduct of the rock-melt action of the penetrator tip, this provided an exploitable
option to engage the walls like a pick to pull the penetrator assembly along. Gas under pressure
from burning fuel as a byproduct of the heating process can be exploited to create a pneumatic-
driven mechanism for propulsion. A specific scheme was visualized in Figure 14 in which
engaging fins that move outward from the sides of the lead cylinder, contacting the glass
borehole, shifting position to the rear while engaged against the wall of the borehole, then
disengaging and recessing back into the cylinder was proposed. This process is periodically
repeated by a number of fins around the cylinder circumference to provide the forward thrust
needed to propel the penetrator assembly. Steering was proposed to be accomplished by
dividing the penetrator tip into four heating zone quadrants. By varying the amount of fuel fed to
each quadrant, heating variances could be created that change the amount of rock material
melted in each quadrant. The thrust action would tend to move the penetrator assembly in the
direction with the most melted material (line of least resistance).
Discussions with LANL have caused a significant change in the conops approach to self-propulsion
to an alternative approach that appears to be simpler and that supplies the thrust for forward motion
from the surface. The current LANL Microboreholes Project [Dressen, 1997] is examining a
portable, reeled, non-rotating, coiled-tubing-deployed, hydraulically-powered microdrilling
platform (rotary driller; not a rock-melting penetrator) for 2.25-in and 1.125-in diameter
microboreholes. A surface platform is used that has a tubing injector unit to develop high load
insertion (thrust) of the tubing into the sealed borehole; the tubing, in effect, forms a continuous
drill/penetrator stem (in contrast to the traditional coupled short-section rotating drill stems). LANL
has proposed that the coiled-tubing approach be conjoined with the rock-melting penetrator as the
best solution for the AUM application. Issues of tubing buckling and friction loading need to be
evaluated, although these are less likely to be issues with rock-melters than with hydraulic drillers
as less thrust is required and no rotary mechanical devices are at the end of the coiled tubing. The
coiled-tubing technology is provided to LANL by Coiled Tubing Engineering Services (CTES),
who also provides coiled-tubing performance modeling, analysis, and designs. Coiled-tubing
manufacturing has been recently augmented by insertion of telemetry cables and small hydraulic
tubing inside the coiled tubing. The tubing is plastically deformed as it is coiled onto the reel and
45
ECORPORATION

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 3027, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
uncoiled from the reel and inserted into the borehole. The power to deform the tubing during
unreeling is proportional to the product of the tubing velocity, the yield stress of the steel tubing,
and the tubing diameter cubed and inversely proportional to the reel diameter.
Even though surface-based insertion force may solve the propulsion problem, it may be useful to
consider designing a pick-and-slide side-cylinder propulsion downhole to assist the propulsion if
it can reduce surface-based equipment size and weight. Such a pick device downhole would also
be useful for security purposes. If the borehole is discovered and removal of the coiled tubing is
attempted, the picks could hold the penetrator assembly in place and cause the coiled tubing to
break off, leaving the penetrator assembly (with sensors) downhole undiscovered; only the coiled
tubing would be brought to the surface.
Rather than the four-quadrant heating scheme as originally proposed, it is better to have one
integral melting head and bring three or four heat pipes with energy to the penetrator head. By
cycling the heat on/off at specific pipes, a differential heating of the penetrator tip is
accomplished, thus causing the penetrator to steer due to the differential in melting rates.
Alternatively, if a downhole pick-and-slide propulsion is designed, then using or not using some
of these picks can impose a mechanical differential force that causes the penetrator head to steer.
4.4 Navigational Sensors
Another key technology area to create in an autonomous device for microboring underground is
navigation: knowing where the penetrator is located with respect to its penetration point on the
surface and knowing what is in the path ahead of the penetrator. We address these two navigational
requirements with two separate proposed technologies. Simple tiltmeters or magnetometers are
proposed for the location capability. A miniaturized impulse ground-penetrating radar (GPR) is
proposed to provide the look-ahead capability, as well as possibly serving as a signal source for the
UGF bistatic imaging capability described in the next subsection.
Inclinometers are the simplest devices that can indicate attitude (angular orientation in 3D-space)
of the AUM at its current path location; they are sometimes called tiltmeters as they generally are a
planar piece of metal that rotate under gravity depending on their rotation; a mechanical or
electrical readout of the rotation angle is then made. Very small ones already exist and have been
used in low-cost applications such as video arcade games. If the inclinometer angles are
periodically sampled and combined with an optical reading of length of coiled tubing into the
borehole (markings on side of tubing are read by optical sensor on the reel to determine number of
meters uncoiled), a simple integration path through the angular readings will permit the position to
be determined easily. Magnetometers are an alternative to tiltmeters and use no moving parts that
46
ECONPORATION

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2228, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
might bind, in order to measure relative changes in orientation. Off-the-shelf devices also exist that
approach the one-half form factor proposed for the AUM. For example, Applied Physics System
model 544 miniature angular orientation sensor measures roll, pitch, and yaw and measures
0.75 inches x 0.75 inches x 4.6 inches. It contains both a 3-axis fluxgate magnetometer and a
3-axis accelerometer, both of which are sampled by an internal A-to-D converter and output as
digital data on an internal microprocessor. There are other devices under sponsorship of DARPA
that might have use as navigational aids to fix the position of the underground microborer, in
particular, the micro-inertial navigation systems under development by the DARPA Electronics
Technology Office (ETO) or NASA. For example, Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) is developing a
micro-inertial reference system chip consisting of micromachined silicon gyroscopes and
accelerometers for future space missions. It measures 1 cm x 1 cm x 0.2 cm and consumes less
than 0.2W. Figure 23 shows a photo of this device. Sandia National Laboratories is developing an
integrated circuit MicroNavigator which not only has micro gyros and accelerometers, but also has
an integrated GPS receiver and navigation computer.
8832 2.0KV
K28
1aA: HD17
Figure 23. Illustration of Silicon Gyro in JPL Micro Inertial Reference System Chip
For the look-ahead capability, we have settled on a ground penetrating radar with a possible dual
use. The look-ahead mode of the GPR can be used to look out a meter or so ahead of the
penetrator to crudely image, by pulse echo return timing, the area about to be penetrated. This
can determine if major obstacles lie ahead, or if an underground facility wall is about to be
penetrated, or if the ground surface is about to be breeched. A second serendipity would be a
phased array mode to transmit microwave energy upward through suspected UGF tunnels and
chambers in order to image the UGF in bistatic tomographic collaboration with an UGS array
previously buried stealthily above the UGF, as indicated in Figure 12. We are specifically
proposing to use the ultrawideband (UWB) micropower impulse radar (MIR) developed by
47
A CORPORATION

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 2905, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and now being commercially licensed. The MIR
technology currently fits on a 1.5-inch square circuit board and uses a 1.5-inch dipole antenna at
its current operational frequency. A development effort is underway at LLNL to place the radar
electronics, currently costing about two dollars, onto an even smaller chip that would be
compatible with the half inch AUM form factor. LLNL is willing to develop a customized
prototype for the AUM concept.
The MIR was developed by Tom McEwan of LLNL as part of the Laser Fusion program at
LLNL. The MIR generates and detects subnanosecond (0.2ns) pulses, roughly at a rate of two
million per second, and averages many returns in order to increase sensitivity and detectability to
a desired level. The MIR requires only microamperes and can last two years on an AA battery.
Range gating is used to determine range from the radar; such gating is also useful in the
proposed AUM system by being able to gate the reflection of the radar energy off the side of the
AUM assembly. The current circuit board for the MIR is 4 cm?. The MIR randomizes the exact
pulse emission and detection times for purposes of interference rejection, which also permits
multiple co-located MIR operation (needed for the AUM design that may use five or six of these
radars to cover the azimuthal region about the penetrator) and makes it hard to detect due to the
randomization. The current MIR design has been proven in field test to be able to penetrate at
least 33 cm of soil looking for mines (15 cm wavelength currently), in which the MIR specs are
2 or 6.5 Ghz center frequency with 500 Mhz emission bandwidth, 1 microwatt or less transmitted
at 2 Mhz PRF.
The performance of the GPR would need to be adjusted depending on conditions encountered
underground, primarily by the number of pulses that are integrated. Soil condition and type at
site determine the conductivity through which radar EM signal propagation will occur, and
therefore the depth of penetration. Figure 24 illustrates the relationship of penetration depth
versus conductivity for various rock and soil media. The amount of moisture in the soil/rock has
the largest effect on conductivity, with low moisture content leading to low soil conductivity and
consequently low EM absorption and therefore generation penetration depth; vice versa with
high moisture content. That is, the radar wave is attenuated less and has better penetration in dry
sandy soils, and has reduced penetration in moist clay or similar conductive soils. GPR systems
constructed by Earp et al. [1996] and Giglio and Ralston [1993] at 900 and 500 MHz operational
frequencies, were able to penetrate 5 to 15 feet with resolution 0.5 to 2 inches, respectively. This
provides the confidence that the Milk device from LLL will be adequate as a look-ahead
imaging sensor for the proposed AUM.
48
CORPORATION

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 499, "chars": 3204, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4.5
Surveillance Sensors and Bistatic Imaging
The primary mission of the AUM is to deploy imaging, acoustical, chemical/biological sniffing,
or nuclear material monitoring sensors at the targeted UGF sensing location. Figures 13 and 15
depicted concepts for that deployment using a coaxial periscope mechanism pushing through the
final electric drilling bit. For an entrance monitoring mission, the AUM would typically carry
low-light-level EO/IR imaging and/or audio sensors to be periscoped to ground level near an
entrance by protruding from the AUM, as shown in Figure 9. For an internal access mission, the
AUM would carry EO/IR, audio, and/or radiological/chemical sniffers to be placed in or through
walls of a UGF chamber, as illustrated in Figures 11 and 12. An IR source may also be required if
chambers of interest are in the dark. For this application, a microdrill would actually be deployed
at a slight offset with respect to the cylinder body to drill the remaining couple of inches into a
UGF concrete wall. Once penetration through the wall is sensed by a change in torque, the
sensors would deploy coaxially through the hollow core of the drill stem. The walls of the UGF
may not be the only target of opportunity. It may be advantageous to locate communication or
power conduits in order to tap into them, as illustrated in Figure 12. It is expected that current
battery technology will permit a few days or weeks of monitoring in order to keep the penetrator
assembly as small as possible. The TRW ASG operations in Sunnyvale is a possible source for
some of the sensor technology; JHU APL for the low-light-level imaging sensor; and DARPA's
STO office for other sensors under development. Specifics of sensors are not catalogued here as
this report was directed primarily at the means of delivery for such sensors.
A more exotic concept for the AUM penetrator assembly is the capability to use the coiled-
tubing deployed in the placement of the AUM as an antenna to detect deep ground-penetrating
ELF waves (30 to 300 Hz), which have been in use for years for submerged submarine
communications and geophysical exploration. The ELF wavelength is too long (many
kilometers at the lowest ELF frequencies) to be used for traditional phase comparison
geolocation. However, with novel modulation of the ELf waves [Ferraro and Werner, 1995, and
Kuo et al., 1997] and long integration times (order of an hour), algorithms should be possible to
geolocate with even weak ELF that can penetrate through the UGF and down to the depth of the
AUM below the UGF. ELF penetrates deep but diffusion dominates over wave propagation so
that sharp boundaries cannot be resolved, and therefore correlating type receivers need to be
used. ELF waves can be generated remotely and "beamed" down to a designated over-the-
horizon location currently from a facility called the High-frequency Active Auroral Research
Program (HAARP) located at a DOD-owned site near Gakona, Alaska, scheduled for completion
in 2002. The HAARP is primarily an ionospheric research instrument that uses a ground-based
15x12-antenna-element phased array radio transmitter in the HF frequency range to excite the
49
—CORPORATION

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 44, "chars": 404, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Sulfide Ores
Skin Depth Nomogram
D= (Hof) 1/2 fort <1012g
Conductivity (mho/m), o
- 10cm
÷1m
- Hematite - Iron Ores — Magnetite -
1
01
Hard
Shales - Soft
Clay
E IMHZ
100kHz
Sweep Range
+10m
100
m
-Sandstone - Sand-Loose -
Soft
10-2
I Depth Range →
-
-
*-
E
100Hz
= 10Hz
#H
#WH+
10km
- 100km
Frequency: f
- 0.1Hz
penetration depth ranging from about 40 to 1500 meters [from Won, 1980]
50
SAFE болотатым

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 463, "chars": 3019, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ionosphere to induce a small, localized volume change in ionospheric temperature that becomes
an ionospheric "mirror" to some RF frequencies. Even though the HAARP does not transmit in
the ELF frequency range, it can induce modulated (mostly on-off) underground probing ELF
waves by modulation in the ionosphere at an altitude of about 80 km. This could be an
experimental source of ELF waves into denied areas by modulating the strong electrojet current
system that occurs naturally at high latitudes in the ionosphere and forming arrays of low
frequency ionospheric dipole elements in the upper atmosphere. When this energy is injected
into the earth-ionospheric waveguide it can be steered over the earth's crust in directions
preferred by the experimenter to create underground propagation confined to a region of several
kilometers. The HAARP is operated jointly by NRL and the Space Effects Division, Geophysics
Directorate, Air Force Phillips Laboratory, Hanscom AFB, MA, and was built by Advanced
Power Technologies Inc. (APTI), a subsidiary of E-Systems.
Figure 25 illustrates the basic geometry behind the approach for generating ELF/VLF radiation
by HF heating of a local region of the existing ionospheric current system. The ionospheric
plasma is irradiated by a high power HF electromagnetic wave (a heater) which is modulated at
an ELF/VLF rate. The electrons within the volume of plasma irradiated by the HF beam
experience periodic heating at the HF modulation frequency. Since the conductivity of the
ionosphere is electron-temperature dependent, the conductivity also varies periodically. The
natural ionospheric currents which pass through the heated region are modulated by these
conductivity changes. The plasma effectively demodulates the envelope of the heating wave
which results in injection of radio wave, at the ELF/VLF modulation rate, into the earth-
ionosphere waveguide. Thus, the HF heating process creates a wireless antenna in the
ionosphere, such as that illustrated in Figure 25(b). By moving the modulated "clouds" in a 2- or
3-D pattern in the ionosphere and having the AUM receive the transmissive ELF waves at its
underground position, a synthetic spatial aperture is created which can be used for imaging the
UGF. Note that in order to make a half-wavelength antenna of the coiled tubing deployed to
emplace the AUM, an insulating ring needs to be fabricated at the middle of the tubing antenna
and at the ends, in order to create a dipole antenna.
If two or more AUMs are deployed simultaneously about a UGF, then it may also be possible to
perform cross borehole EM imaging among the AUMs (sometimes called electric resistive
(conductivity) tomography) by joint use of the GPR on board each AUM; the transmit power
may need to be increased to make the signal level detectable.
Another possible application of the AUM for placement of surveillance sensors in UGFs is to
deploy micro-robotic rovers once the AUM has penetrated the UGF wall, as illustrated in
BABESE ERPONATTON

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 745, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Modulated Ionospheric Currents, J (To)
VLF/ELF Radio Waves —
High Frequency
Antenna Beam
(a)
o = Conductivity
S
Earth
75km -
S3
S4
Natural
\ 90 KM
lonosperic
Currents, do
150 KM
557
26°
45°
75km
(b)
C
C
2-D Array of HAARP-formed ELF
Sources Over Target Area Surface
Surface
•O-
• Ci
9000003o
• a
• O.
20082
o Bore Holee
iat
à0.
0.0
9. 0 =
..g.
0:59
ELF Antenna Section
(c)
Melter Tip
Figure 25.
Using HAARP to Beam ELF Waves at Underground Facilities. (a) Ionospheric
heating geometry for creating a single ionospheric dipole, (b) Illustration of a five-
element linear array with half-wave spacing formed by five beams from a high-
frequency ionospheric modulation facility like HAARP, (c) 2-D array possibility
over UGF target
52
I CORPORATIO

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 441, "chars": 3072, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Figure 13. The rovers would transmit LPI sensor data to the AUM, which would relay the data to
the surface antenna for exfiltration. This would be useful for UGFs that have enclosed buildings
or huts within an underground chamber that need further exploration that would not be
accomplished with a simple concrete wall penetration.
4.6
Data Exfiltration
The surface-based antenna will need to be camouflaged as a culturally blending object and will
need to service the two-way communications needs of the AUM (control to the AUM and data
from navigation or sensors from the AUM). Commands from a SATCOM or loitering UAV can
instruct the AUM to modify its penetration operation. The AUM can send both compressed
imagery from the GPR and other navigational data to status the boring progress and compressed
data from its sensors once they are in position near or inside the UGF. There will be
opportunities to develop specialized sensor data compression algorithms to minimize the number
of bits that need to be transmitted, such as sending data only when imagery content changes.
We are proposing a data exfiltration communications approach based on merging two key
technologies. These two technologies are (1) retrodirective phased array antennae implemented
on microstrip and (2) active integrated antennae, in which the microwave circuitry is integrated
with the antenna array elements on the microstrip. Dr. Tatsuo Itoh, the director of the Millimeter
Wave Electronics group at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), is a pioneer of the
active integrated antenna technology, and we have had several technical discussions with him.
These technologies enable a relatively simple integrated antenna assembly with much lower cost
and power requirements than a comparable discrete element antenna and microwave electronics
module implementation, and which due to its conformal capability can be fabricated into a
camouflaged structure. The use of a retrodirective phased array antenna approach also offers
some additional advantages over previously developed prototype data exfiltrators.
Retrodirective antennae are special self-adaptive phased arrays that reflect and focus incident RF
waves coherently back toward the source without prior knowledge of either the source's location
or the effects of phase distortion during propagation. Retrodirectivity is achieved by transmitting
an outgoing wave from the transmit aperture that is the antiphase (phase-conjugate) of the
incoming wave on the receive aperture. We are proposing for the AUMs that a data exfiltrator be
developed based on a two-dimensional retrodirective phased array antenna consisting of phase-
reflecting antenna microstrip patch elements integrated with heterodyning mixers and amplifiers.
The antenna patch elements will utilize a cross-polarized mode scheme to permit simultaneous
reception and transmission. Each antenna element in the array receives an incoming RF wave at
one polarization and, after heterodyning with a self-generated local oscillator (LO) of twice the
53
SZCORFORATION

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 471, "chars": 3290, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
frequency of the incoming signal using a mixer integral to the antenna patch, transmits it after
amplification with an orthogonal polarization and a conjugate phase shift imparted to it. This
process avoids complex and power-consuming data exfiltrator schemes that require sophisticated
phase-locking to the received RF pulse in order to regenerate a time-delayed coherent modulated
pulse after the incident pulse has passed or the use of high-speed RF switching (chopping) and
coax line delays to alternate between receive and transmit functions in order to utilize the same
antenna. The use of orthogonal receive and transmit polarizations provides an additional benefit
for a polarization-sensitive radar (many modern synthetic aperture radar (SAR) systems have
implemented this capability, which can exploit the polarization change to distinguish the
retrodirective beam from incidental backscatter off the array and its surroundings.
The proposed implementation of a data exfiltrator based on a retrodirective phased array of
integrated active antenna elements has two additional benefits. First, the retrodirective phased
array antenna data exfiltrator, when activated by an interrogating radar and with no transponded
sensor data modulation, will simply reflect an amplified signal back to the interrogating source
exactly as received with zero temporal latency due to simultaneous receive and transmit
capability. In essence, the retrodirective array acts as an electronic corner reflector with gain. No
special signal processing operations or adjustments for delays are necessary in order for the
interrogating radar's signal processor to locate and highlight the position of the tag in the
processed radar scene or image, because the return signal looks like any other strong target echo
signal. Second, the use of the heterodyning technique with the proposed retrodirective array data
exfiltrator will properly create a phase-conjugated reflection of any irregular wavefront. Thus,
the antenna array is not restricted to be planar or symmetric in its arrangement of antenna
elements. In fact, the antenna can be conformal to any convenient shape that can be fabricated
with microstrip. For example, a flat planar retrodirective array data exfiltrator form factor as
shown in Figure 26(a) would be easy to camouflage and hide as a flat surface. Also possible is a
conformal antenna that could be shaped as a natural feature such as a rock in Figure 26(b) or as a
man-made object such as a helmet in Figure 26(c)). There is no change in the interrogating
radar's processing to accommodate arbitrary tag shapes as the retrodirective array will produce a
coherent echo back to the radar independent of tag shape.
Prior implementations of retrodirective arrays have been small 1-D or 2-D arrays involving
totally passive or nonamplified active microwave circuit components. These designs satisfied
applications for retrodirective arrays, such as packaging RF identification, where the
interrogating RF source was close to the array. The retrodirective array data exfiltrator that we
are proposing adds two new microwave design dimensions: larger arrays and distributed
amplification over individual antenna elements. Both are required to provide gain in order for the
54
CGORPORATION

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 316, "chars": 2130, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Airborne Radar (AWACS, JSTAR)
Discoverer II
Radar Satellite
PCIMCMA-Size
Digital Module
RF Antenna
Module
(a) Sensor
(b) Rock
(C) Soldier Helmet
Figure 26. Representative Data Exfiltrator Form Factors Possible for Retrodirective Phased
Array Antenna With Integrated Active Microwave Components
retrodirective array data exfiltrator to have link margins that work with airborne or space-borne
radar systems that are far from the tag. Critical design issues to develop integrated mixer and
amplifier designs that can operate successfully with the microwave RF behavior of patch
antennae will need to be resolved in the phased program described in Section 5, as these have not
been studied previously. Similarly, high drive capable local oscillators (LOs) that can provide a
common LO frequency to a large array of antenna elements will need to be studied, fabricated,
and tested to develop appropriate designs for retrodirective arrays. The technique can be scaled
for radar bands from UHF to Ka.
For modulation of the data to be exfiltrated, we are proposing binary phase shift keying (BPSK),
with the modulated ID of the AUM and data being applied to the common heterodyning LO
before it is distributed to all antenna elements of the phased array. Classical direct sequence
spread-spectrum (DS-SS) with code-division multiple-access (CDMA) compatible orthogonal
spread sequences (to permit separation of simultaneously received responses in case multiple
AUMs have been deployed) is proposed to provide LPI security of the AUM's data. Because the
data exfiltrator approach simply reflects coherently the impinging radar pulse back to the source,
the modulation can only be applied during the pulse duration of the impinging radar pulse. One
design to accomplish this would use a crystal-controlled relatively low-frequency modulation
clock at the chip rate of the spreading sequence, suggested to be in the 10- to 50-MHz range
depending on link margin requirements. This clock will be synchronized with the detected start
of the impinging pulse, but will not be phase coherent or synchronized with the phase of the
55
CORPORATION

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 463, "chars": 3069, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}
received pulse. This greatly simplifies the modulation scheme over more traditional comm link
approaches that use phase lock loops. This modulation is radar platform independent. Rather
than tie into the radar's processor to retrieve the exfiltrated data, we believe it will be more cost
effective to have an independent processor operate on the baseband output of the radar receiver
with pulse timing cues provided by the radar processor to the independent processor in order to
recover the AUM navigation or sensor data.
We envision a data exfiltrator that has two components. First, the RF component would be the planar
or conformal surface retrodirective array antenna with integrated microwave components tuned for the
radar band of the radar system expected to interrogate the data exfiltration antenna (most likely will be
X band). Second, a special universal digital component would be connected to the antenna component
of any band to complete the data exfiltrator. This digital component has the ID, encryption,
modulation formatting, exfiltrator triggering hardware, and crystal oscillator that would fit into a
PCMCIA-size sealed module. It would be a one-time use module with a volatile encryption memory
that would erase when the battery dies or the device is tampered with. It is anticipated this one-time
use digital module would cost about $10 in production quantities. The throw-away cost effectiveness
is a low probability of exploitation (LPE) security feature. The length of the pulse transmitted from the
radar interrogator source to the data exfiltrator determines the duration that modulation can be applied,
so it is conceivable that one long pulse could read out the entire data stream. A radar system that is
not pulse-duration agile could recover portions of the data to be exfiltrated with each transmitted
pulse, and it would take longer to recover the data to be exfiltrated.
The use of a phase array antenna for the data exfiltrator provides an additional low probability of
detection (LPD) security feature because the antenna is not omnidirectional, unlike the available
exfiltration devices, which are omnidirectional. Due to reduced sidelobes and source
directionality of the retrodirective phased array, it is difficult to intercept unless one is directly in
line between the interrogating radar system and the data exfiltration antenna. The standby power
of this proposed comm scheme will likely be sub-milliwatt as the amplifiers in the antenna array
will not draw power unless stimulated with an applied signal. This helps conserve battery power
for long mission life.
The microstrip integrated antenna approach used in this proposed data exfiltrator design could be
expanded to create a patch antenna for feeding signals to a GPS receiver. This makes it possible
to integrate compactly a GPS-receiver so that location as well as sensor can be exfiltrated. This
could be important for the bistatic mapping missions where the AUM location must be known
accurately in order to create undistorted volumetric images.
56
•CORPORATION

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 443, "chars": 3020, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Technical Details. In this subsection, we review some of prior work and benefits of integrated
antenna retrodirective arrays. We also introduce some of the design issues in the use of active
integrated antenna technology to implement such arrays. Active integrated antennae, a
technology area pioneered by Dr. Tatsuo Itoh of UCLA [Lin and Itoh], integrate passive antenna
elements and active microwave circuitry on the same substrate, using modern MIC and MMIC
fabrication technology, to realize compact, lightweight, low-cost active integrated antennae. A
retrodirective array represents a special type of phased array antenna that reflects any incident
signal primarily back toward the source, without prior knowledge of the source's location. From
the antenna's point of view, a retrodirective array has an omnidirectional receive coverage
capability while simultaneously maintaining a high antenna transmission gain directionality,
which is difficult to achieve with conventional types of antennae or nonretrodirective antenna
arrays [Hewitt, Margerum, Skolnk, and King]. To realize retrodirection, each element in the
array must radiate an outgoing wave whose phase is conjugate to that of the incoming signal,
relative to a common reference. One of the most well-known retrodirective arrays is the Van Atta
array, where conjugated elements of a symmetric array are connected by transmission lines of
equal length to form a totally passive retrodirective array [Sharp and Diab].
To overcome the limitations on the requirement of symmetry of the array and a linear uniformity
of the phasefront (i.e., a plane wave) in the Van Atta array, a more general approach of phase
conjugation based on heterodyne mixing has been explored [Culter et al., Pon]. This method
exploits the conjugate phase shift induced in the lower-sideband product of a frequency mixing
operation; by mixing the incoming signal with a reference signal at twice the frequency, the
original frequency is obtained as the difference and the resulting phase is inverted. Specifically,
if the incoming signal is cos(2ft + 0) and an LO of form Acos(2[2 f]t+Ф) with amplitude A
and phase component & is used as the mixing source, then the resultant output is
(A12)cOS(27-9+Ф)+(A12) cos(4Tf-0+4).
The sum frequency component is filtered out, leaving the difference frequency component with a
sign-inverted (conjugated) phase term -0. Note that an automatic gain control (AGC) of the
output of all array elements can be accomplished by adjusting the LO amplitude A. Also, a BPSK
phase modulation can be applied to all antenna elements through the mixer by phase modulating
the $ phase term. Since inversion of the wavefront phase occurs directly at each element of the
array, retrodirectivity does not depend on the symmetry of the array or the linear uniformity of
the wavefront. This means that irregularly spaced, nonplanar arrays can be made retrodirective,
which is an attractive feature when antennae conformal to the surface of an object must be
57

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 245, "chars": 1774, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
designed. Early heterodyne-retrodirective arrays were built from packaged mixer modules and
separate antennae, using rectangular or coaxial waveguide [Pon, 1964].
There is a misconception in the literature that the phase conjugation of retrodirectivity
compensates for the time delays of the impinging wavefront on the antenna array, as shown in
Figure 27(a). Retrodirectivity only causes phase alignment of the retrodirected beam to create a
coherent response back to the interrogating source. There is still temporal misalignment that
causes edge effects in the retrodirected pulse back to the radar, as illustrated in Figure 27(b). For
an X-band retrodirective array data exfiltrator, for example, this transition edge effect on the
echoed pulse is less than 1 ns in duration. The effect is usually negligible and the retrodirective
array will perform quite well in its intended function as a data exfiltrator when interrogated by
airborne or space-borne radar systems.
Microstrip Patch Antenna Array
(a)
1 -
2-Wý
• Wi
1
2
3
Transition Zone →| K
Received
Waves
at Each
Patch
Transmitted
Waves
at Each
Patch
Composite
• Transmitted
Wave
Time
(b)
Figure 27.
Illustration of the Transition Effect of Echoed Pulses From Retrodirective Phase
Array Antennae. (a) Impinging wavefront on a linear array. (b) Time diagram of
the phasing of the echoed pulse from the retrodirective array.
Microstrip circuits are an attractive alternative to discrete packaged microwave implementations
due to their thin profile, their capability of forming conformal antennae, and their ability to
design low-power antenna systems for long operation off battery power. The development of
active integrated antennae based on microwave circuits built from microstrip has been used by
58
CORPORATION

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 3282, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dr. Itoh to produce the first RF identification (ID) transponder by such a technology, [Pobanz
and Itoh, 1995] as illustrated in Figure 28, for use in noncontact tagging of inventory. As this
device was only intended for use as a transponder within a few feet of the RF interrogating
source, it did not require a transponding antenna array. The RF ID device of Figure 28 has a
single slot antenna for receive detection and a single bowtie transponding antenna. This RF ID
device demonstrated the capability of integrated active antenna technology to create a compact,
low-cost, low-power RF transponding device.
To make the data exfiltrator transponder response more directional in order to enhance
detectability, several researchers have started investigating integrated active antennae that
implement retrodirective arrays [Pobanz and Itoh Karode and Fusco, Chen and Chungl. The most
challenging part in designing mixers for retrodirective arrays fabricated from microstrip is the
separation (radio frequency isolation) of input and output signals, which correspond respectively to
the RF and IF ports of the mixer, even though they may share the same frequency if an LO of
double the input frequency is employed. Isolation between these signals is required in order to
preserve the desired conjugate-phase relationship, or else the beam radiated by the array will waste
power in the specular direction or be otherwise distorted. Since filtering is impossible due to the
shared frequency, alternative approaches to RF/IF isolation are required. Figure 29 is a photo of a
one-dimensional (1-D) linear retrodirective array designed by Dr. Itoh's team at UCLA [Pobanz
and Itoh, 1995]. The implementation used a novel heterodyne-phased scattering element,
employing a square patch antenna, and a modified "rat race" mixer where the LO and IF are
interchanged so that effective RF/IF isolation is realized. Figure 29 illustrates that the prototype
was an eight-element linear array using a spacing of 0.8 wavelengths between antenna elements
and a 6-GHz operational frequency (a 12-GHz LO was therefore used to create a conjugate phase
response along the array). The array was proven during laboratory tests to redirect the interrogating
microwave signal back to its source, for any angle of incidence and any type of polarization, linear
and circular of either rotational sense. The omnidirectional receive capability of the linear
retrodirective array was proven by measurements to have a retrodirective response over a
100-degree azimuthal range. Similar microstrip designs employing two-element retrodirective
arrays involving power dividers or dual polarized patch antennae have also been reported by
Karode and Fusco recently [Karode and Fusco, September 1997 and December 1997].
Dr. Itoh's UCLA group has also designed and fabricated a 6-MHz two-dimensional 4x4
retrodirective array based on slot ring antennae and the heterodyne-phasing technique [Pobanz and
Itoh, 1996], which is illustrated by the Figure 30 photo. The array spacing was 7/8 of the wavelength
of the 6-GHz operation frequency. Each array element comprises a balanced FET resistive mixer,
integrated in a ring siot that serves as both the radiating antenna and the hybrid for RF/IF isolation.
59
SZCORPORATION

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 82, "chars": 654, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
bit rate clock
3 kbps
10 MHi
osclllator
nterrogation
detection
ID codo gen
bit 07
ID codo. gen
ton!? bit
modulator
6-12 GHt.
subharmonically pumped
quast-optical mixer
6 GHZ
slot antenna
roceivo.
:=90•d8m
transmit
+30 dBm EIRP
-10 MHZ.
6 GHZ
:92 GHZ
8
FRONT
BACK
6 - 12 GHz
bowtle
antenna
antiparallel
diade pair
data signal
feedthru
slot antenna
Interrogation
detection
data generator
10 MHz oscillator /
1.5v batter.......
data modulator
Figure 28. Single Transponding Integrated Active Antenna Transponder. (a) Credit-card size
form factor transponder in RF tag application. (b) Circuit design. (c) Close-up of
front and back views of the microstrip.

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 21, "chars": 180, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12 GHz LO input
7 × 13 in.
0.8%, element spacing
Figure 29. One-Dimensional Retrodirective Phased Array Implemented as an Active Integrated
Antenna on Microstrip
61
GAZI
CORONATON

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 200, "chars": 1508, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
V
$ 12 GHZLO
• input
Figure 30. Iwo-Dimensional Retrodirective Phase Array Implemented as an Active Integrated
Antenna on Microstrip
The backscatter pattern of this array exhibits over 100 degrees of scan range in both azimuth and
elevation planes. A free-running 12-GHz LO was used as the reference slightly offset in frequency
in order to separate the array backscatter from room reflections to make measurements more easily.
However, in practice, a frequency-doubling of the signal received by a reference element with
orthogonal feeds could be performed and applied to the array, enabling a self-contained
retrodirective transponder to be formed. One interesting capability of 2-D retrodirective arrays was
demonstrated with this unit. Retrodirective arrays, being self-adaptive, have a graceful degradation
in response as a percentage of obstruction. Figure 31 illustrates the roll-off in performance obtained
with the 4x4 array to such obstruction or failure of antenna elements.
Technical Approach. Figure 32 depicts the proposed retrodirective phased array data exfiltrator
architecture. It consists of two sections: an RF section and a digital section containing the ID,
data formatting and modulation, and encryption (security) components of the data exfiltration
system. The RF section is further subdivided into the active phased array component and a
reference monitoring receiver with a separate pair of orthogonally polarized antennae to detect
the interrogating radar signal.
62
RCORPORATION

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 363, "chars": 2395, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-vision"}
0
Obstructed Array (dB)
-5-
-10 H
-15
-20
82-25
-30,
Phase
Conjugate Array
Van Atta
Array
Measured A
20
40
60
Array Obstruction Level (%)
80
100
Figure 31. Effect of Obstruction (Array Elements Blocked or Out of View) or Element Failure
on the Radar Cross-Section (Transponder Response Magnitude) of a 4x4
Retrodirective Array
The monitoring receiver is constantly powered and detects energy within its RF band. The
detected energy is thresholded to one bit and passed to pattern analysis logic in the digital
section. A temporal analysis of the pulse interval durations and pulse width durations, such as
that depicted in Figure 33, will determine if the interrogating signal is from a recognized
interrogating radar source. This analysis can be coded into the memory of the digital section and
changed for security purposes. If a recognized pulse sequence is detected, then a powering up
from the very low-power monitoring state will activate the retrodirective array circuitry for
transmission and will activate the sensor data modulation and encryption circuitry. We envision
a one-time encryption pad in volatile memory that would be erased if the battery dies or the
device is tampered with. The data message would be ANDed with the one-time pad and
concatenated with the ID number, then formatted for presentation to the BPSK modulator in the
RF section of the tag (basically a +1 or - 1 gain switcher). The BPSK modulator would act on an
LO signal created by frequency-doubling circuitry off a tap from the monitoring receiver that has
its own reference slot antenna elements fabricated on the microstrip. The LO driver to the phased
array would optionally have an AGC control. The purpose of the AGC is to provide, based on
received signal strength, a constant signal level retrodirected back to the interrogating source
regardless of range. This is needed so that the CDMA spread-spectrum decoding will work
properly (the near/far problem of multiple access spread-spectrum signaling) to separate
simultaneously received signals from multiple AUMs that may have been deployed. However,
we are proposing a processing scheme based on range gating, so the overlap of tag signals will
tend to only occur for tags at about the same range. If this works out in practice, then the AGC
will not be needed. The common LO is fed to all antenna patch elements of the phased array.
63
CORPORATION

===== PAGE 76 =====
{"alpha_words": 150, "chars": 1076, "method": "ocr", "page": 76, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Reference Monitoring Receiver (Constantly Powered)
TH POT Slot Antenna
----
LNF Amp
10
GHz
LNF Amp
V Pol
Slot Antenna
Detector
2nd
Haronic
Generator
BPSK
1 20 GHz
Modulator
(t1 Sign
Reversal)
Optional
AGC
Fundamental
Antenna Element
LNF
Digital
Clock
Threshold
I to all
Analog
Digital
Pattern Analysis Logic
and
Power-On Logic
Transmit *
Power On
Transpond
Power On
Switch
ID and
Message
Encryption ant
BPSK Forma
Data
Bufter/
Storage
Volatile Memory
With ID and
One Time
Encryption Pad
Transpond
Monitoring
Data Processing
Receiver
Switch
Transmit
Power
Battery or
Switch
Power Source
TCXO
10 MHZ
Clock
Source
Data
- From
Sensor
Once-Only
Programming
Switched |
Power
Transmit
Power On
Switch
RF Section
→ Digital (ID/Data/Security) Section
Figure 32. Architecture of Proposed Retrodirective Phased Array Data Exfiltration System
PW = Pulsewidth
IPW = Inter-pulse Width
+ Clock Interval
PW1
Pulse
IPW1
PW2
Pulse -
IPW2
PW3
Pulse
3
+
Figure 33. Depiction of Pulse Interval and Pulsewidth Parameters That Could be Used to
Activate the Proposed Data Exfiltrator
64
ACORPORATION

===== PAGE 77 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 2766, "method": "ocr", "page": 77, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Mixing and amplification occurs locally to each antenna element. The mixer performs the phase
conjugation needed to make the array behave as a retrodirective antenna.
A net signal to noise ratio (S/N) of about 8 dB is needed to achieve a fairly high probability of
correct bit detection in BPSK. Adding a link margin of about 2 to 3 dB is typically done to
ensure good detection performance over changing EM conditions. The S/N is determined
fundamentally by the formula
S/N=-
PG, G,12G,
(47)2 R2 KTB
where P is the transmit power from the retrodirective array, G, is the retrodirective array gain, G,
is the slot receive antenna gain, 2 is the signal wavelength, G, is the spread-spectrum processing
gain, R is the range between the exfiltration antenna and the interrogating radar, K is Boltzman's
constant, T is time interval of transmission/retrodirectivity, and B is the signal bandwidth (the dB
form of the formula would be used). Assuming an X-band radar, typical design parameters for
the retrodirective method of exfiltration would need 4W transmit power, 52 dB of receiver gain
(received power assumed to be in the range of -90 to -20 dBm), and 20 dB of retrodirective array
gain (yielding a transmit power of +24 dBm), which provides 70 dB isolation between the
receive and transmit operations.
While the prior work of Dr. Itoh's group has demonstrated both linear and two-dimensional
retrodirective arrays that are very compact, conformal, and low-cost, the previous designs emphasized
the highest degree of integration, and did not allow the insertion of either low noise amplifiers (LNA)
in the receiving path or power amplifiers (PA) in the transmitting path. If fact, the incoming RF and
outgoing IF, which are at the same frequency, share the same antenna as well as the same feed lines, in
order to take full advantage of the intrinsic diplexing capabilities of the antenna.
To realize a retrodirective array for application as a data exfiltrator, we need to modify the
design topology so that both LNAs and PAs can be inserted at each element of the array.
Figure 34 shows the schematic of a 4x4 element array configuration of the proposed phased
array component of the data exfiltrator and Figure 35 details one element of the proposed
structure for this amplified retrodirective transponder serving as a data exfiltrator. The incoming
RF and IF will share the same patch antenna, using the two orthogonal modes (TM10 and TM01)
of the patch. An LO signal at twice the RF frequency will mix with the RF signal, generating an
IF with the same frequency as the RF, but a reversed phase. Since this heterodyne mixing and
phase conjugation occur at each element of the 2-D array, a compact, high-gain retrodirective
array is realized.
65
¡CORPORATION

===== PAGE 78 =====
{"alpha_words": 44, "chars": 300, "method": "ocr", "page": 78, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IF(out)
• RF(in)
Slot Antenna for
Exfiltration
Activation and
LO Generation
Feedline
and
Active
Circuitry
* Common
Ground
Figure 34.
Patch Antenna
LNA
LIPA
LNA
FET Mixer
LO
Figure 35.
Details of Microwave Topology at One Antenna Patch Element of the Retrodirective
Phased Array
66
SARA CORPORATION l

===== PAGE 79 =====
{"alpha_words": 447, "chars": 2838, "method": "ocr", "page": 79, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Several very challenging technical issues exist, however, that need to be investigated as part of
the proposed AUM technology development program before a full-scale design of a data
exfiltrator is initiated:
(1) Since the element spacing in a 2-D retrodirective array cannot exceed one wavelength in
both directions, we have a very stringent limit on substrate real estate to accommodate
the heterodyne mixer. As shown in Figure 35 it is desirable to use the two opposite
adiating edges of the patch to realize a 180-degree hybrid for the KF, and a pair of FEI
nixers with a rat race ring to cancel LO and RF and combine the IF signal. It must be
verified with the proposed design topology that a reasonable level of conversion loss and
signal cancellation can be achieved
(2) The maximum isolation between the two orthogonal modes of the patch antenna will also
put an upper limit to the maximum gain achievable at each element. This can be
compensated for by the increased gain of the 2-D antenna array to some extent (a 5x5
array, for example, provides a 28-dB gain). A design trade-off between amplifier gain
and array gain will need to be studied in detail.
(3) Because of the unconventional port arrangement of the balanced mixers that is essential
to the proposed design architecture, a higher level of LO power is required in order to
make the two FETs work in a switching mode. Additional difficulties might arise when
this LO signal has to be distributed over the whole 2-D array. Another issue is to cope
with the possible sweeping in RF frequency when a SAR-based interrogating radar is
used. One approach is to use a separate receiving antenna with frequency doubler and
amplifiers to generate the required LO signal for the mixers as proposed for the
monitoring receiver. The advantage is that the LO will be able to track the RF sweep and
keep an exact phase conjugation even if the RF frequency deviates to a substantial extent.
The technical challenge is to design an efficient circuitry to meet this requirement, which
at the same time can be integrated comfortably into the retrodirective array without
causing major system degradation.
We note here that the integrated antenna approach we have proposed makes it possible to
incorporate multiple arrays on the same substrate. For example, two orthogonally polarized
retrodirective arrays can match to all the incident energy on the exfiltration antenna, regardless
of its polarization. Other radar frequency bands can be accommodating by scaling the antenna
patch size to "tune" to the band frequency, as shown in Figure 36. The substrate can
accommodate the slot antennae of the monitoring receiver, and antenna patches can also be
added for a GPS receiver for those data exfiltrators that message back their geoposition as well
as the sensor data.
67
LE CORPORATION

===== PAGE 80 =====
{"alpha_words": 44, "chars": 400, "method": "ocr", "page": 80, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Cross Pol X-Band
Monitoring Receiver
Slot Antennas
X-Band Retrodirective
Phased-Array Antenna
(Horizontal Polarization)
C-Band Retrodirective
Phased-Array Antenna
(Single Polarization)
0•
GPS Antenna
Array
X-Band Retrodirective
Phased-Array Antenna
(Vertical Polarization)
Figure 36. Multiple Antenna Configuration on a Microstrip to Handle Multiple Radar Bands and
GPS Reception
68
SAME CORPORATION

===== PAGE 81 =====
{"alpha_words": 390, "chars": 2686, "method": "ocr", "page": 81, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5.0
PROPOSED PROGRAM PLAN
5.1
Objectives
This section proposes a multiphased program for developing the autonomous underground
microborer to spread the development risk, attacking the highest risk technology items first before
advancing to more sophisticated mission scenarios. Three mission scenarios (entrance monitoring,
chamber/tunnel bistatic mapping using either GPR or ELF waves from HAARP, interior sensor
placement) were proposed in the conops section in an increasing order of complexity. The entrance
monitoring mission involves the least complexity and the least accuracy in sensor placement, and it
does not involve penetrating concrete walls. Thus, technology development should be directed first
to this mission as it involves the least risks. If an AUM collection system based on a monitoring
mission succeeds, then the mission of slightly higher complexity is the mapping mission. This
involves development of an associated UGS sensor array, which is currently in development by
DSWA (TUGS contractors LLNL and Sandia) and DARPA (IUGS contractor Hughes). The
mission of most complexity involves placement of sensors through UGF chamber walls, which
necessitates more sophisticated navigation, quiet drilling, and accurate placement of sensors. This
would represent upgraded onboard electronics from that needed to support the monitoring mission
AUM and the addition of the final drilling mechanism. The mission that places sensors in walls of
chambers would likely occur after an earlier AUM mapping mission had scouted the details of the
underground facility.
The following subsections propose a multiphased effort to provide near-, mid-, and far-term
AUM systems of increasing complexity.
Phase O. Detailed Project Planning and Requirements. This phase is the preparatory phase to
establish the specific requirements, program schedule, and program cost to which DARPA will
sign up. Funding for preliminary design concepts from the major technology sources identified in
this report may be required to obtain better first-order design concepts to firm up the
requirements and schedule may be required. The Phase II SBIR process can be utilized for some
of the funding in the Phase O effort.
5.2
Phase I
Phase 1. System Requirement and Basic Autonomous Underground Microborer Design. The
basic specifications and performance and payload weight goals for all phases would be
developed in this phase. The modules that make up the penetrator assembly and the assembly
insertion mechanism are the primary components to be developed and tested in this phase. The
penetrator tip design, the fuel source, the propulsion mechanism, and the first system-level
69
SO CORPORATION

===== PAGE 82 =====
{"alpha_words": 429, "chars": 2956, "method": "ocr", "page": 82, "variant": "plain-vision"}
underground navigational subsystem would be the technical focal points. Goals of Phase 1 are to
demonstrate that a fuel-heated melting tip can maneuver the assembly underground while
microboring, that the thrusting mechanism will force penetration, and that the navigational
system can detect underground obstacles and can accurately determine the penetrator's location
underground. A fixed surface insertion unit (not flown in by UAV) for limited penetrations (less
than 500 m) to test the insertion mechanism and the capability to deliver an EO sensor to a
designated target location is proposed for Phase 1. The estimated cost for Phase 1 is $3.5M, plus
additional costs for the microsensors specified to be used, over a 24 month period. The cost
breakdown is $1.5M to LANL for the rock-melt penetrator, $0.75M to LLNL for adaptations of
the micropower impulse radar for the underground navigation role, $0.75M for system
engineering, and the balance for miscellaneous engineering, including early work on the
exfiltration retrodirective array. Phase 1 will validate the most risky critical technologies and
provide data on energy usage per kilogram of fuel per meter of penetrated earth and the refine
the diameter to use for microboring with the proposed coiled-tubing inserted/thrusted penetrator.
5.3 Phase 2
Phase 2. Integration of AUM Assembly with Mini-UAV. The next stage of AUM development
would integrate the AUM assembly and insertion mechanism developed and tested in Phase 1
with the delivering mini-UAV. The insertion mechanism would be mated with the mini-UAV
and a prototype exfiltration communication system would be integrated with the AUM
electronics and a delivery mechanism on the mini-UAV. Tests would be conducted in which the
mini-UAV would fly a prototype AUM to a designated penetration target location on the DSWA
NTS test range in Nevada and would deploy it This phase would test the integration of the mini-
UAV and a prototype transportable AUM, now coupled to its exfiltrating communication
subsystem, for delivery and insertion. The estimated cost for Phase 2 is $3M over a 24 month
period, some of which could be concurrent with Phase 1. The cost includes $1M for purchase
and re-engineering of an Omega Technologies TUSA to serve in the mini-UAV role, $0.5M for
the prototype exfiltration communication subsystem, $1M for design and integration of the AUM
with the mini-UAV, and $0.5M for range testing and recovery of the buried AUM. Phase 2 will
validate the next most risky technology of precision soft-landing delivery of the AUM assembly
at night. A monitoring mission will be simulated at the NTS.
5.4 Phase 3
Phase 3. Integration of Infiltrating UAV with Mini-UAV/AUM Payload. Phase 3 is envisioned as
a full system demonstration of the monitoring mission. We propose that the designed and tested
mini-UAV and AUM unit be integrated as a payload into the most mature UAV program that can
70
ENRICE
→ CORPORATION

===== PAGE 83 =====
{"alpha_words": 441, "chars": 2951, "method": "ocr", "page": 83, "variant": "plain-vision"}
support the payload weight. The only near-term mature UAV is the Predator, and we have
verified that wing-mounted payloads are possible. Although a stealth UAV would seem to be
required for the AUM conops, the Predator has proven in Bosnia that it is quite difficult to
aurally and visibly detect it unless it is at a very low altitude (below 1000 feet), so it should still
be a satisfactory stealthy delivery vehicle to bring the mini-UAV and AUM payload within
deployment range of a targeted UGF, especially if a 10-km or better standoff range can be
supported. Phase 3 would provide a full monitoring mission demonstration, including launch
from several hundred miles away from the target with a Predator, deployment of the mini-UAV
carried as payload by the Predator, soft-landing and insertion and surveillance operation of the
AUM, and simulated self-destruction of the mini-UAV(actually, have it dunk into a pond and be
recovered). The estimated cost of Phase 3 is $6M over a 24-month duration. This includes $2M
for purchasing a Predator with payload modification and the associated support facilities, $1M
for the purchase of a second modified mini-UAV, $1M for additional AUM assemblies and
upgrades, $IM for additional navigational, sensor, and drill mechanism design and integration
and data compression algorithm development, and $IM for range testing and recovery of the
AUM. If additional testing in more complicated terrain sites (e.g., UGFs in the United States that
are in forested areas) than those in Nevada or Ft. Huachuca is deemed needed, additional test
expenses will be required.
5.5
Phase 4
Phase 4. Demonstration of the Bistatic Mapping Mission. The additional electronics and
augmentation of the ground-penetration radar not only to handle the underground navigational
requirements, but also to act as the transmitted pulse source for bistatic radar imaging of
underground facilities is a major focus of Phase 4. The demonstration must also include the
deployment of available UGS sensor array over the test site so that the penetrating AUM with its
modified GPR can be used to bistatically image the UGF tunnels and chambers. Tomographic
imaging algorithms and UGS deployment scenarios will be developed in this phase. The proved
system from Phase 3 with a modified GPR will be used to support the Phase 4 demo.
Experiments with the HAARP transmitter in Alaska may optionally be performed to see if ELF
waves can be detected by the antenna on the coiled tubing stem and used for purposes of imaging
the UGF. The estimated cost of Phase 4, not including any experiments with HAARP, is $4M
over a 24-month duration. This includes $1M to modify the ground-penetrating radar used for
underground navigation to transmit focused impulses to support the bistatic imaging operation,
$.5M to develop imaging algorithms and software, $1M for a UGS sensor array, and $1.5M for
range testing and recovery of the AUM.
71
7 CORPORATION

===== PAGE 84 =====
{"alpha_words": 430, "chars": 2860, "method": "ocr", "page": 84, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5.6 Phase 5
Phase S. Demonstration of the Interior Wall Penetration Mission. An AUM with a coaxial drill
component integrated with a coaxial sensor stem will be developed, integrated, and tested during
this phase. Improved navigational and chamber wall detection GPR electronics and signal
processing will be added to provide accurate location and wall boundary detection for placing in
wall or through wall sensors in an UGF chamber or tunnel. A full mission demonstration by
UAV infiltration, mini-UAV delivery to and insertion at the surface of a test range target, and
penetration into and insertion of a sensor in a test range UGF wall at Nevada Test Site (NTS)
will be performed. Another option would be to substitute delivery with the Boeing mini-
spaceplane in lieu of the UAV employed in Phases 3 and 4 if this device is sufficiently
operational at this point in the AUM program. The estimated cost of Phase 5 is $6M if the UAV
of Phases 3 and 4 is used, plus optional expenses for the Boeing spaceplane demonstration of
orbital re-entry means of delivering the AUM if it is considered. Base expenses without option
include $2M for the drilling stem development and fabrication, $2M in AUM and UAV
hardware mods, and $2M in range tests.
5.7 Technology Sources
Table 4 is a summary of the various key technologies identified in the concepts of operation
section to produce the proposed autonomous underground microborer system. Candidate
contractors and national labs that can provide the technologies are also indicated. The highest
risk item is the rock-melting penetrator. Developing the most energy density efficient heating
mechanism and maneuvering the heating tip underground are the two biggest challenges. The
next highest risk item is the underground navigation techniques, both to determine position
relative to the penetration point on the surface and to image/detect obstacles and chamber walls
as the system approaches the targeted location. Deploying a mini-UAY of the proper payload
weight and shape factor from a larger UAV is the next level down in risk. There are also
operational risks in determining airspace infiltration scenarios for penetrating denied access
territories, but those are not considered as they are not technology-driven risks.
5.8 ORINCON Capabilities
As the originator of the autonomous underground microborer, ORINCON is uniquely positioned
to serve as the system engineers and system integrator for the proposed AUM program, and
possibly the developer of the exfiltration comm system as well. A number of system engineers
are on staff who have run programs as large or larger than this proposed program, including at
least three who previously were Government employees who ran large technology programs for
the CIA or the Navy. As a company, ORINCON is centrally located near to the companies,
72
NCORFORATON

===== PAGE 85 =====
{"alpha_words": 212, "chars": 1694, "method": "ocr", "page": 85, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Table 4.
Technology Development to Support Autonomous Underground Microboring (AUM)
System
Developmen Areas
Rock-Melting Maneuvering
Technology
Sources
LANL
Comments
Phase 1 - 5
Penetrator Tip Design
Penetrator Fuel Source
AUM Cylinder Design and
Propulsion Mechanism
AUM Assembly Insertion
Hi- Energy Density Batteries
LANL
System Ind Lalor (TED)
System Integrator (TBD)
DARPA-ETO program
Phase 1 - 5
Phase 1 - 5
Phase 1 - 5
Phase 1 - 5
for Comm, Nav, Sensors
AUM-Insertion Mini-UAV
Covert Communications
Re-engineer for AUM (Phase 2)
Phase 2 - 5
Technologies
Coaxial Drilling Mechanism
Micro Sensors, Imagers, Mics,
Sniffers for Periscope Stem
Underground Navigation
Airspace Infiltrating UAV with
Mini-UAV Payload Capability
UGF Bistatic Radar Imaging
UGS Sensors for Bistatic
Imaging
Data Compression
Mini Unmanned Space Plane
ELF Comm and Geoposition
Omega Aerospace
UCLA Microwave Dept
TRW ASG
Harris Comm.
CIA
DARPA-ETO
JHU APL
TRW ASG
DARPO-TTO
USAF HAARP Program
LLNL
General Atomics
Teledyne-Ryan
Lockheed-Boeing
HAARP Program LLNL
DARPA-TTO (through
Hughes)
DSWA (through LLNL)
DARPA-DSO
Various Contractors
Boeing North American
USAF FSR Phillips Lab,
Hanscom AFB
Phase 2 - 5
MEMS Program Sensors (Phase 3)
Mini-CAM
Phase 2 - 5
Micro Inertial Nav Systems (Phase 3 - 5)
ELF Communication (Phase 5)
Micropower Impulse Radar (Phase 2 - 5)
Predator UAV (Phase 3 - 5)
Global Hawk UAV (Phase 3 - 5)
Dark Star UAV (Phase 3 - 5)
USAF Phillips Lab, Hanscom AFB
Micropower Impulse Radar (Phase 4 - 5)
IUGS Program (Phase 4 - 5)
TUGS Program (Phase 4 - 5)
Image Data Compression Programs and
IRAD Studies (Phase 3 - 5)
Deployment from orbit (Phase 5)
HAARP Program (Phase 5)
73
LA CORPORATION

===== PAGE 86 =====
{"alpha_words": 208, "chars": 1459, "method": "ocr", "page": 86, "variant": "plain-vision"}
national labs, and test ranges that would provide the proposed technologies and test sites to
produce and demonstrate the envisioned autonomous underground microborer, which is essential
to the level of collaboration needed to produce a successful near-term demonstration of the
proposed AUM technology. Both General Atomics-Aeronautical Division and Teledyne-Ryan,
respective manufacturers of the Predator and Global Hawk UAVs that are possible infiltration
UAVs proposed here, are within miles of the ORINCON facility. Boeing North American
Division in Seal Beach, CA has a prototype mini spaceplane that is being tested starting this fall.
TRW Avionics and Surveillance Group in both Sunnyvale, CA and Space Park is proposed as a
source for sensors and components of the exfiltration communications hardware. Lawrence
Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) in northern California is proposed as a source for
micropower impulse ground penetration radar technology. Boeing, TRW, and LLL are all
within state. Los Alamos National Laboratory is proposed as a source for the rock-melt
microboring technology and is a short commute flight to New Mexico. The DOE Nevada Test
Site (NTS) is proposed as a demonstration location, and this site is within driving distance of San
Diego. Omega Technologies, the proposed source for a mini-UAV, is located in Washington
state, completing the western US consortium of technology companies and national labs.
74
COMPORATION

===== PAGE 87 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 293, "method": "ocr", "page": 87, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
60 RECOMMENDATIONS

Due to the highly critical need for the new technology concept to characterize UGFs that are

currently impossible to characterize with available remote sensors, it is strongly recommended
that DARPA initiate the proposed AUM development program.

75

el
ar a CORPORATION

===== PAGE 88 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2944, "method": "ocr", "page": 88, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7.0 REFERENCES AND BIBLIOGRAPHY
Anro Engineering, "Ultra-wideband (impulse) radar array systems for the detection of buried
mines and bunkers, volume 2," technical report under contract DAAK70-93-C-0058, 12
March 1996.
Azevedo, S.G., and McEwan, T.E., 'Micropower impulse radar," IEEE Potentials, pp. 15-20,
April/May 1997.
Bailey, P.G., "History and applications of HAARP technologies: the high frequency active
auroral research program," Proceedings of the Thirty-Second Intersociety Energy.
Conversion Engineering Conference, 27 July-1 August 1997, pp. 1317-1322.
Chen, H.-T., and Chung, S.-J., "Design of a planar array transponder with broad responding
beam," IEEE Microwave and Guided Wave Letters, vol. 7, pp. 297-299, September 1997.
Cook, N.G., and Harvey, V.R., "An appraisal of rock excavation by mechanical, hydraulic,
thermal, and electromagnetic means," Proceedings of the Third Congress of the
International Society for Rock Mechanics, vol. 1, part B, pp. 1599-1615, September 1974.
Culter, C.C., Kompfner, R., and Tillotson, L.C., "A self-steering array repeater," Bell System
Technical Journal, vol. 52, pp. 2013-2027, Sept. 1963.
De Gaudenzi, R., Garde, T., Giannetti, F., and Luise, M., "A performance comparison of
orthogonal code division multiple-access techniques for mobile satellite communications,"
IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Communications, vol. 13, pp. 325-331, February 1995.
Dressen, D.S.,
"DOE NN-20 Microboreholes Project," Los Alamos National Laboratory project
report LA-UR-97-1052, 12 March 1997.
Earp, S.L., Hughes. E.S., and Elkins, T.J., 'Ultra-wideband ground-penetrating radar for the
detection of buried metallic mines," IEEE Aerospace and Electronic Systems Magazine, PP.
30-34, September 1996.
Ferraro, A.J. and Werner, D.H., "A technique using an ionospheric modification instrument to
produce controllable and steerable low frequency ionospheric arrays for remote sensing
applications"
', Proceedings Ninth International Conference on Antennae and Propagation, 4-
7 April 1995, pp. 199-202.
Field, E.C., and Bloom, R.M., "Excitation of earth-ionosphere waveguide in the ELF and lower
VLF bands by modulated ionospheric current," technical report to Phillips Laboratory,
Hanscom AFB, under contract F19628-90-C-0100, 21 May 1993.
Flikkema, P.G., "Spread-spectrum techniques for wireless communication," IEEE Signal
Processing Magazine, vol. 14, pp. 26-36, May 1997.
Giglio, D., and Ralston, J., "Perspective on underground and obscured target detection and
imaging," SPIE Proceedings on Underground and Obscured Object Imaging and Detection,
15-16 April 1993, volume 1942, pp. 2-7.
Hanold, R.J., "Rapid excavation by rock melting (LASL subterrene program)," Los Alamos
National Laboratories, technical report LA-5979-SR, 1 February 1977.
Hewitt, B.S., "The evolution of radar technology into commercial systems," IEEE M'TT-S Int.
Microwave Symp. Dig., pp. 1271-1274, June 1994.
76
CORPORATION

===== PAGE 89 =====
{"alpha_words": 305, "chars": 2728, "method": "ocr", "page": 89, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Karode, S.L., and Fusco, V.F., "Novel retrodirective beam forming techniques," Proc. of 27'h
European Microwave Conference, pp. 81-86, Sept. 1997.
Karode, S.L., and Fusco, V.F., "Use of an active retrodirective antenna array as a multipath
sensor," IEEE Microwave and Guided Wave Letters, vol. 7, pp. 399-401, December 1997.
Kuo, S.P., Lee, M.C., and Kossey, P., "Study of ELF/VLF wave generation by HF heater-
modulated electroject," Proceedings Conference on Plasma Science, 19-22 May 1997, pp.
265-266.
Leismer, D., Williams, B., and Pussel, J., "Coiled tubing drilling: real time MWD with dedicated
powers to the BHA," paper SPE 37199 presented at the Offshore Technology Conference,
Houston, TX, 1996.
Lin, J., and Itoh, T., "Active Integrated Antennae," IEEE Transactions on Microwave Theory
and Techniques, vol. 42, pp. 2186-2195, December 1994.
Margerum, D.L., "Self-phased arrays," in Microwave Scanning Antennae, vol. III, Ch. 5, R. C.
Hansen, Ed., Los Altos, CA: Pennisula, 1985.
Milstein, L.B., "Interference rejection techniques in spread spectrum communications,"
Proceedings of the IEEE, vol. 76, pp. 657-671, June 1988.
Pobanz, C.W., and Itoh, T., "A conformal retrodirective array for radar applications using a
heterodyne phased scattering element," IEEE MTT-S Int. Microwave Symp. Dig.,
pp. 905-908, May 1995.
Pobanz, C. W., and Itoh, I., "A microwave noncontact identification transponder using
subharmonic interrogation," IEEE Transactions on Microwave Theory and Techniques, vol.
43, pp. 1673-1679, July 1995.
Pobanz, C.W., and Itoh, ., "A two-dimensional retrodirective array using slot ring FET mixers,"
Proc. of 26 European Microwave Conference, pp. 217-220, Sept. 1996.
Pon, C.Y., "Retrodirective array using the heterodyne technique," IEEE Trans. Antennae
Propagat., vol. AP-12, pp. 176-180, Mar. 1964.
Rowley, J.C., "Rock melting applied to excavation and tunneling", Proceedings of the Third
Congress of the International Society for Rock Mechanics, vol. 1, part B, pp. 1447-1453,
September 1974.
Sarwate, D. V., and Pursley, M.B., "Crosscorrelation properties of pseudorandom and related
sequences," Proceedings of the IEEE, vol. 68, pp. 593-619, May 1980.
Sharp, E.D., and Diab, M.A., "Van Atta reflector array," IRE Trans. Antennae Propagat., vol.
AP-8, pp. 436-438, 1960.
Skolnik, M.I., and King, D.D., "Self-phasing array antennae," IEEE Trans. Antennae Propagat.,
vol. AP-12, pp. 142-149, Mar. 1964.
Smith, M.C., editor, "A preliminary study of the nuclear subterrene", Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratory report 4547, April 1971.
Won, I.J., "A wide-band electromagnetic exploration method-—some theoretical and
experimental results," Geophysics, vol. 45, pp. 928-940, 1980.
77
GAZES
CORPORATION
