{"created_utc": "2026-08-29T23:36:03Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 450991, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/berkner-lloyd-cia-documents-denial-letter-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "23c98105b4ac80316e52982bb5651f0f7b81d5df439c917d30854e8549fb8b60"}

Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
                                    Central Intelligence Agency


                                         •    .
                                                     .'
                                        Washington, D.C. 20505


                                                                                     18 February 2015


Mr. John Greenewald, Jr.


Reference: F-2015-00310 I FBI #1260137-0

Dear Mr. Greenewald:

       In the course of processing your 10 April2014 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
request to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) for information pertaining to Lloyd
Berkner, FBI located CIA material and referred it to us on 26 September 2014 for review
and direct response to you.

        We reviewed the material and determined it is currently and properly classified and
must be denied in its entirety on the basis of FOIA exemptions (b)(1), (b)(3), and (b)(6).
Exemption (b)(3) pertains to information exempt from disclosure by statute. The relevant
statutes are Section 6 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949, as amended, and
Section 102A(i)(l) of the National Security Act of 1947, as amended. An explanation of
exemptions is enclosed.

         As the CIA Information and Privacy Coordinator, I am the CIA official responsible
for this determination. You have the right to appeal this response to the Agency Release
Panel, in my care, within 45 days from the date of this letter. Please include the basis of
your appeal.

                                                                            Sincerely,

                                                                     j!f~j~
                                                                          Michael Lavergne
                                                                 Information and Privacy Coordinator

Enclosure
                                   Explanation of Exemptions


Freedom of Information Act:.


(b)(1) exempts from disclosure information currently and properly classified, pursuant to an
      ExecutiVe Order;

(b )(2) exempts from disclosure information, which pertains solely to the internal personnel rules
       and practices of the Agency;

(b )(3) exempts from disclosure information that another federal statute protects, provided that the
       other federal statute either requires that the matters be withheld, or establishes particular
       criteria for witbhC?lding or refers to particular types of matters to be withheld. The (b)(3)
       statutes upon which the CIA relies include, but are not limited to, the CIA Act of 1949;

(b)(4) exempts from disclosure trade secrets and commercial or financial information that is
      obtained from a person and that is privileged or confidential;

(b)(S) exempts from disclosure inter-and intra-agency memoranda or letters that would not be
      available by law to a party other than an agency in litigation with the agency;

(b)(6) exempts from disclosure information from personnel and medical files and similar files the
       disclosure of which would constitute a clear:ly 1m.warranted invasion of privacy;

(b )(7) exempts from disclosure information compiled for law enforcement purposes to tb.e extent
       that the production of the information (A) could reasonably be expected to interfere with
        enforcement proceedings; (B) would deprive a person of a right to a fair trial or an
       impartial adjudication; (C) could reasonably be expected to constitute an 1m.warnurted
       invasion of persorial privacy; (D) could reasonably be expected to disclose the identity of a
       confidential source or, in the case of information compiled by a criminal law enforcement
       authority in the course of a criminal investigation or by an agency conducting a lawful
       national security intelligence investigation, information furnished by a confidential source ;
       (E) would disclose techniques and procedures for law enforcement investigations or
       prosecutions if such disclosure coUld reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the
       law; or (F) could reasonably be expected to endanger any individual's life or physical
      safetY;

(b )(8) exempts from disclosure information contained in reports or related to examination,
       operating, or condition reports prepared by, or on behalf o:t: or for use of an agency
       responsible for regulating or supervising financial institutions; and

(b )(9) exempts from disclosure geological and geophysical information and data, including maps,
        concerning wells.


                                                                                         April2012
