{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-02T21:35:08Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 18, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 11311824, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/bethurum-truman.pdf", "source_sha256": "9edff73a4f3c63712548d864c078f122a45d88dcdcd67a61a83269875b74599f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 2170, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S. Department of Justice
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Washington, D.C. 20535
August 25, 2021
MR. JOHN GREENEWALD JR.
SUITE 1203
27305 WEST LIVE OAK ROAD
CASTAIC, CA 91384
FOIPA Request No.: 1475112-000
Subject: BETHURUM, TRUMAN
Dear Mr. Greenewald:
The enclosed documents were reviewed under the Freedom of Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA), Title 5,
United States Code, Section 552/552a. Below you will find check boxes under the appropriate statute headings
which indicate the types of exemptions asserted to protect information which is exempt from disclosure.
appropriate exemptions are noted on the enclosed pages next to redacted information. In addition, a deleted pag
information sheet was inserted to indicate where pages were withheld entirely and identify which exemptions were
applied. The checked exemption boxes used to withhold information are further explained in the enclosed
Section 552
Г (b)(1)
Г (b)(2)
IV (b)(3)
50 U.S.C. 3024(i)
Г (b)(7) (A)
Г (b)(7)(B)
I (b)(7)(C)
(b)(7)(D)
IV (b)(7)(E)
Г (0)(7) (F)
Г (b)(8)
Г (0)(9)
Section 552a
Г (d)(5)
Г (0)(2)
Г (К)(1)
Г (К) (2)
Г (К)(3)
Г (К)(4)
Г (К)(5)
Г (К)(6)
Г (К)(7)
Г (b)(4)
Г (b)(5)
• (b) (6)
13 page(s) were reviewed and 13 page(s) are being released.
Please see the paragraphs below for relevant information specific to your request as well as the enclosed
FBI FOIPA Addendum for standard responses applicable to all requests.
•Documents) were located which originated with, or contained information concerning, other
Government Agency [OGA].
• This information has been referred to the OGA(s) for review and direct response to you.
• We are consulting with another agency. The FBI will correspond with you regarding this information
when the consultation is completed.
Please refer to the enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for additional standard responses applicable to your
request. "Part 1" of the Addendum includes standard responses that apply to all requests.
additional standard responses that apply to all requests for records about yourself or any third party individuals.
"Part 3" includes general information about FBI records that you may find useful. Also enclosed is our Explanation

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 370, "chars": 2580, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
For questions regarding our determinations, visit the www.fbi.gov/foia website under "Contact Us."
The FOIPA Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all
correspondence concerning your request.
If you are not satisfied with the Federal Bureau of Investigation's determination in response to this request,
you may administratively appeal by writing to the Director, Office of Information Policy (OIP), United States
Department of Justice, 441 G Street, NW, 6th Floor, Washington, D.C. 20530, or you may submit an appeal through
OIP's FOIA STAR portal by creating an account following the instructions on O|P's website:
https://www.justice.gov/oip/submit-and-track-request-or-appeal. Your appeal must be postmarked or electronically
transmitted within ninety (90) days of the date of my response to your request. If you submit your appeal by mail,
both the letter and the envelope should be clearly marked "Freedom of Information Act Appeal." Please cite the
FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified.
You may seek dispute resolution services by contacting the Office of Government Information Services
(OGIS). The contact information for OGIS is as follows: Office of Government Information Services, National
Archives and Records Administration, 8601 Adelphi Road-OGIS, College Park, Maryland 20740-6001, e-mail at
ogis@nara.gov; telephone at 202-741-5770; toll free at 1-877-684-6448; or facsimile at 202-741-5769. Alternatively,
you may contact the FBI's FOIA Public Liaison by emailing foipaquestions@fbi.gov. If you submit your dispute
resolution correspondence by email, the subject heading should clearly state "Dispute Resolution Services."
also cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified.
See additional information which follows.
Enclosed are cross-references that are identifiable with the subject of your request. Cross-references are
defined as mentions of the subject of your request in files to other individuals, organizations, events, or activities. Ir
processing the cross-references, the pages considered for possible release included only those pages that mention
the subject of your request and any additional pages showing the context in which the subject of your request was
This is the final release of information responsive to your FOIPA request. This material is being provided to
you at no charge.
Sincerely,
Michael G. Seidel
Section Chief
Record/Information
Dissemination Section
Information Management Division
Enclosure(s)

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 715, "chars": 5174, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FBI FOIPA Addendum
As referenced in our letter responding to your Freedom of Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA) request, the FBI FOIPA Addendum
provides information applicable to your request.
Part 1 of the Addendum includes standard responses that apply to all
requests. Part 2 includes standard responses that apply to requests for records about individuals to the extent your request
seeks the listed information. Part 3 includes general information about FBI records, searches, and programs.
Part 1: The standard responses below apply to all requests:
(i)
5 U.S.C. § 552(c). Congress excluded three categories of law enforcement and national security records from the
requirements of the FOIPA [5 U.S.C. § 552(c)]. FBI responses are limited to those records subject to the requirements
of the FOIPA. Additional information about the FBI and the FOIPA can be found on the www.fbi.gov/foia website.
Intelligence Records. To the extent your request seeks records of intelligence sources, methods, or activities, the FBI
can neither confirm nor deny the existence of records pursuant to FOIA exemptions (b)(1), (b)(3), and as applicable to
requests for records about individuals, PA exemption i)(2) [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a (b) 1), (b)(3), and 0)(2)].
acknowledgment of the existence or nonexistence of such records is itself a classified fact protected by FOIA exemption
(b)(1) and/or would reveal intelligence sources, methods, or activities protected by exemption (b)(3) [50 USC §
3024(i)(1)]. This is a standard response and should not be read to indicate that any such records do or do not exist.
Part 2: The standard responses below apply to all requests for records on individuals:
(1)
do not exist.
(Ii)
Requests for Records about any Individual—Witness Security Program Records. The FBI can neither confirm
nor deny the existence of records which could identify any participant in the Witness Security Program pursuant to FOIA
exemption (b)(3) and PA exemption (i) (2) [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a (b)(3), 18 U.S.C. 3521, and ()(2)]. This is a standard
response and should not be read to indicate that such records do or do not exist.
(Ill)
Requests for Records for Incarcerated Individuals. The FBI can neither confirm nor deny the existence of records
which could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any incarcerated individual pursuant to
FOIA exemptions (b)(7)(E), (b)(7)(F), and PA exemption (i)(2) [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a (b)(7)(E), (b)(7)(F), and (i) (2)].
This is a standard response and should not be read to indicate that such records do or do not exist.
Part 3: General Information:
(i)
Record Searches. The Record/Information Dissemination Section (RIDS) searches for reasonably described records by
searching systems or locations where responsive records would reasonably be found. A standard search normally
consists of a search for main files in the Central Records System (CRS), an extensive system of records consisting of
applicant, investigative, intelligence, personnel, administrative, and general files compiled by the FBI per its law
enforcement, intelligence, and administrative functions.
The CRS spans the entire FBI organization, comprising records of
FBI Headquarters, FBI Field Offices, and FBI Legal Attaché Offices (Legats) worldwide; Electronic Surveillance (ELSUR)
records are included in the CRS. Unless specifically requested, a standard search does not include references,
administrative records of previous FOIPA requests, or civil litigation files. For additional information about our record
searches, visit www.fbi.gov/services/information-management/foipa/requesting-fbi-records.
(il)
FBI Records. Founded in 1908, the FBI carries out a dual law enforcement and national security mission. As part of this
dual mission, the FBI creates and maintains records on various subjects; however, the FBI does not maintain records on
every person, subject, or entity.
(iii)
Requests for Criminal History Records or Rap Sheets. The Criminal Justice Information Services (CJIS) Division
provides Identity History Summary Checks - often referred to as a criminal history record or rap sheet. These criminal
history records are not the same as material in an investigative "FBI file."
An Identity History Summary Check is a
listing of information taken from fingerprint cards and documents submitted to the FBI in connection with arrests, federal
employment, naturalization, or military service. For a fee, individuals can request a copy of their Identity History
Summary Check. Forms and directions can be accessed at www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/identity-history-summary-checks.
Additionally, requests can be submitted electronically at www.edo.cjis.gov. For additional information, please contact
CJIS directly at (304) 625-5590.
(iv)
National Name Check Program (NNCP). The mission of NNCP is to analyze and report information in response to name
check requests received from federal agencies, for the purpose of protecting the United States from foreign and domestic
threats to national security.
Please be advised that this is a service provided to other federal agencies. Private Citizens
cannot request a name check.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 640, "chars": 4658, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(b) (1)
(b) (2)
(b) (3)
(b) (4)
(b)(5)
(b) (6)
(b) (7)
(b) (8)
(b) (9)
(d) (5)
(j) (2)
(k)(1)
(k)(2)
(k)(3)
(K) (4)
(k) (5)
(k)(6)
(k)(7)
EXPLANATION OF EXEMPTIONS
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552
(A) specifically authorized under criteria established by an Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign
policy and (B) are in fact properly classified to such Executive order;
related solely to the internal personnel rules and practices of an agency;
specifically exempted from disclosure by statute (other than section 552b of this title), provided that such statute (A) requires that the matters
be withheld from the public in such a manner as to leave no discretion on issue, or (B) establishes particular criteria for withholding or refers
to particular types of matters to be withheld;
trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential;
inter-agency or intra-agency memorandums or letters which would not be available by law to a party other than an agency in litigation with
the agency;
personnel and medical files and similar files the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy;
records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes, but only to the extent that the production of such law enforcement records or
information (A) could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings, ( B) would deprive a person of a right to a fair
trial or an impartial adjudication, ( C) could reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy, (D) could
reasonably be expected to disclose the identity of contidential source, including a State, local, or foreign agency or authority or any private
institution which furnished information on a confidential basis, and, in the case of record or information compiled by a criminal law
enforcement authority in the course of a criminal investigation, or by an agency conducting a lawful national security intelligence
investigation, information furnished by a confidential source, (E) would disclose techniques and procedures for law enforcement
investigations or prosecutions, or would disclose guidelines for law enforcement investigations or prosecutions if such disclosure could
reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law, or (F) could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any
individual;
contained in or related to examination, operating, or condition reports prepared by, on behalf of, or for the use of an agency responsible for
the regulation or supervision of financial institutions; or
geological and geophysical information and data, including maps, concerning wells.
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552a
information compiled in reasonable anticipation of a civil action proceeding;
material reporting investigative efforts pertaining to the enforcement of criminal law including efforts to prevent, control, or reduce crime
or apprehend criminals;
information which is currently and properly classified pursuant to an Executive order in the interest of the national defense or foreign policy,
for example, information involving intelligence sources or methods;
investigatory material compiled for law enforcement purposes, other than criminal, which did not result in loss of a right, benefit or privilege
under Federal programs, or which would identify a source who furnished information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be
material maintained in connection with providing protective services to the President of the United States or any other individual pursuant to
the authority of Title 18, United States Code, Section 3056;
required by statute to be maintained and used solely as statistical records;
investigatory material compiled solely for the purpose of determining suitability, eligibility, or qualifications for Federal civilian
employment or for access to classified information, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person who furnished
information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence;
testing or examination material used to determine individual qualifications for appointment or promotion in Federal Government service the
release of which would compromise the testing or examination process;
material used to determine potential for promotion in the armed services, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person who
furnished the material pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence.
FBI/DOJ

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 104, "chars": 823, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NOARD FORM NO. 84
Office Men
TO
: Director, FBI (62-83894)
FROM : SAl, Cincinnati
SUBJECT:
TRUMAN BETHURUM;
FLYING DISCS
MISCELLANEOUS - INFORMATION CONCERNING
(ESPIONAGE)
dum • UNITEL GEES GOVERNMENT
DATE:
7/22/54
At -
Remylet 6/8/54 and Bulet 6/22/54.
Attached are five copies of a memorandum
containing Information set out in my letter of June 8,
1954 with additional information furnished by THOMAS
EICKHOFF on Juzy 2, 1954.
On July 2, 1954, although EICKHOFF had been
so advised at the time of the original interview with
him on June 7, 1954, he was again advised in accordance
with instructions in reBulet.
RCD: SAS
REGISTERED MAIL
ENCLOSURES (5)
RECORDED - 79
INDEXED - 79
8-83844-
i -1
AGENCY/Coenal OSI (0-14)
ITE FORN. 8732S-RABLO6a
HOW FOR% RAS
BY
SHiR
454
= T AUGS
051,
"COPIES DESTROYED
270
NOV 19 1964
b3
b7E

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1711, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•"
=
TRUMAN BETHURUM
FLYING II SCS
on June 7, 1954, Mr. Thomas Eickhoff,
Lonio, Operator of
]ohio, advised that although he belongs to
no organization interested in Iljing saucers or dises,
he has been interested in this subject.
He said on June 3, 1954 an ad appeared in
a newspaper of general circu-
lation in Cincinnati, Ohio, to the effect that on June
11, 1954 a program would be presented at the Taft
Auditorium in Cincinnati, Ohio on "the real flying'
saucer story."
Mr. Eickholf advised that this advertise-
ment disclosed no sponsor for this program and it was
only noted on the ad that tickets for the program sold
for $2.00 per person and would be on sale at the Central
Ticket
¡ Office in Cincinnati.
Mr. Eickhoff continued that because of his
Interest in the subject of Ilying saucers, he desired
to know the sponsor of the program and found out fron
the Central Ticket Office that the ad had been placed
by Henry maday, I
Michigan.
said he telephonically contacted Maday
on Jüne 3, 1954 and found that Maday was only the agent
having rented the Taft Auditorium and that he was
acting on behalf of Truman Bethurum and George Hunt
Williamson.
He continued that on June 4, 1954 Maday
called him bac ana tola him there had been a dis-
agreement between Maday, abethurum and Williamson over
Maday's arrangement for
the sale of tickets of the
program and the renting of the auditorium. Eickhoff
advised that Maday at no time said anything to discredit
either Bethurum or Williamson and indicated that their
disagreement concerned only
Maday's placing the ad
in "The Cincinnati Enquirer" prior to having tickets
for the program available in Cincinnati.
66|
b7C
b6
b7C
...
COPIES DESTROYED
270 NOV 191964

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 283, "chars": 1748, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Mr. Eickhoff further related that about ten
minutes after he had talked to Maday on friday, June 4,
1954, ne received a call from George hunt Williamson and
& My Manspeaker, who confirmed to him that Maday was no
longer associated with them, and asked that Eickhoff meet
with them at a luncheon at
• 7, 195.
the Terrace Plaza Hotel,
Cincinnati, Ohio on June 7, 1954.
Mr. Bickholl,
in explanation of nis interest
in this matter, advised that he had read such books as
"Flying Saucers From Outer Space, " written by Donald E.
kehoe, retired major, U. S. Marine corps, which book was
book is published by Werner-Lowery Company in England,
and is distributed by the British Book Center in New Jork
He said that he has also heard broadcasts by
persons he considers reputable news conmentators, such as
Walter Winchell, Fulton Lewis, Jr., and Frank Edwards,
to the effect that rellable persons have reported observing
Ilying dises or saucers.
the U.S. Air Force has
denied the existence of the flying
saucer and he felt that persons such as Truman Bethurum
and George Hunt Willianson, in presenting & program such
as that contemplated, were
either truthful or they were
frauds. He stated that il they had a true story to tell,
then he felt it was of such nature that it should be given
as wide a distribution as possible, so that the people
might learn the true facts regarding flying dises.
said, however, If their story was not true, then the hold-
on the general public. He estimated that such a meeting
in Cincinnati might draw two thousand people, which, at
$2.00 apiece, would result in a $4,000.00 take for the
promoters.
with him two copies of the magazine
published by Soul craft
and 16 of volume 6 of the publication, the number 15 being
- 2 -

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 338, "chars": 2170, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dated February 6, 1954 and number 16 being dated
rebruary 13, 1954.
The number 15 issue contained an
article concerning Truman Bethurum, in which he 1s
identified as a truck driver from Redondo Beach, CallI-
ornia, and it refers to an article dated December 31,
1953, which appeared in the "Daily Breeze," a newspaper
at Redondo Beach, California, which allegedly contained
a description of
an encounter which Truman Bethur had
with a crew of assumed space explorers under the super-
vision of a ravishing woman commandant in the Nevada
desert.
The article also reflects that Truman Bethurum
allegedly was aboard flying saucers on eleven occasions.
At the bottom of the first page of issue number 15 there
appeared in what Mr. Eickhoff stated was the handwriting
of Truman Bethurun the statement "This is a true story,'
a factual experience -- Truman Bethurum."
The above mentioned article in "Valor" also
reflected that Truman Bethurum is 55 years of age and that
his residence address is 519 North Gertruda Avenue,
Redondo Beach, California.
Mr. Eickhoff reiterated that he felt Bethurum's
story, If true, should be given wide publicity, but that
If the story was false, then he should be prosecuted for
fraud.
He stated that
he first took his information to
the Air Force in the person of Lieutenant Colonel John
O'Mara of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, whom
Eickhoff visited personally at O'Mara's home in
Fairborn,
Onio, on Sunday, June 6, 1954. Eickhoff Indicated that
he asked Colonel O'Mara if there were such things as
flying saucers and il Bethurum's story could be true,
and he said 0'Mara denied that there was such at hing as
at 2. 2a0.
a flying saucer and Indicated to him that Donald e. Kehoe,
the author of "Flying Saucers in Outer Space" was a fraud
he Sat intora long.
and that information is available in Washington that
Kehoe is a fraud.
He said he was advised, however, by
Colonel O'Mara that the Air Force could take no action
with respect to Bethurum or Williamson.
Eickhoff continued that it was his intention to
ald in the promotion of a meeting for Bethurun in Cincinnati.
He advised that the original meeting schedule for June 1l
-3 -

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 356, "chars": 2148, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
had been cancelled, and that he felt this meeting had
such important information for the people as a whole
that he was going to make every effort to make the
meeting one of national significance.
He said he in-
tended to invite
to the meeting all nationally prominent
news cormentators.
He intended to try to get radio time
to advertise the meeting but he did not wish to partici-
pate in this matter in any way If It would violate
security regulations in any manner, or if Bethurun and
his associates were in any way fraudulent.
He stated
that he so informed Bethurum, Williamson and Mr.
Manspeaker at the luncheon meeting which was held at
the
Térrace Plaza Hotel on June ?, 1954. They Informed
him that they were not afraid of an investigation; that
Bethurun's story was factual, and that they had no objec-
tion to EickhofI's advising Government authorities
regarding it.
-
Mr. Eickhoff stated that his report to this
office was part of his plan to inform all the Federal
agencies he thought should know about the activities of
He advised that in line with his contemplated
plans that on the evening oi June T, 1954 there was to
be another meeting at the home of I. Ho Stringiield,
7017 Biltton Avenue, Cincinnati 27, Ohio, at which
meeting there would
be Mr. Stringfield, Williamson,
Manspeaker, Bethurum, Ralph Zinmermann and Mr. Eickhoff.
He said at
this meeting they would plan a method of
operation and make arrangements for this meeting of
national significance.
He said he intended to set the
date of the meeting far enough in advance so that if
any Governmental agency determined that there was fraud
Involved that agency would have sufficient time to act
prior to the holding oi the meeting.
He advised he
intended to keep a detailed record of all actions taken
by this group,
and that he would voluntarily furnish
such information to the F.B.I.
Eickhoff advised that he had not known and
had not met either Bethurum, Williamson or Manspeaker
prior to the events described above. He said that George
Hunt Williamson identified himself as an archeologist
and a writer for the magazine
"Valor, " who resides in
Noblesville, Indiana.
-4-

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2061, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
...
He said that Manspeaker, whose first name
he did not know, Is also connected with "Valor" magazine
in some way.
He was asked as to what interest "valor"
magazine has in Bethurun, and whether Bethurun was
sponsored by any other organization. He advised that
he did not know the interest of "Valor" magazine in
Betnurun, and so far as he knew, Bethurum was acting
on his own and had no organizational affiliations or
sponsorship. He was asked as to what disposition would
be made of receipts from a large meeting and he advised
He said he understood that Bethurum had been
8e eng a bo made
1 and be a vourd
that he did not know what disposition would be made of
the money.
on tour for some time and that the meeting scheduled
for Cincinnati originally on June 11, 1954 was to be
the beginning of a new series of meetings.
William Dudley Belley, Noblesville, Indians
reportedly operates the Soul Craft Press at Noblesville
and
among other
entitled
"valon, amphlets, published the weokly Journal
, which Mr.
Pelley describes as
a "journal
of the applied spirituality."
Ihis publication is said
to deal mainly with practical mysticism, the spiritual
movement called Soulcraft and the relationshop between
earth man and the individuals arriving on this planet
from flying saucers.
Mr. Pelley is said to claim that
these individuals arriving in flying saucers are of
greater intelligence and learning than the earth people
and are here to give the earth people intellectual
guidance and spiritual endowment and guidance.
On July 2, 1954, Ihomas Eickhoff advised that
no progress had been made with respect to holding a
meeting for Truman Betkuzum in Cincinnati, Ohio which
would be of national significance.
He said that Bethurum
had returned to California but that there was a possib-
that he had communicated with Donald E Kehoe, author fi.
of the book "Flying Saucers From Outer 'Space"
and had
advised him that he had been informed by Lieutenant
Colonel Jonn o Mara, Wright-Patterson Air force Base,
Ohio that he was a fraud and that information is avail-
-5-

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 57, "chars": 335, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
able in Washington that Kehoe is afraud. He said that
he, Eickhoff, had been requested by Kehoe to furnish
him this information in writing and that he, Eickhoff,
had obliged Kehoe in this respect. He said he understoo
that Kehoe was going to Washington with his attorneys
to take up Colonel O'Mara's statements with the Air Force.
- 6

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 1770, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
/
STANDARO PORN NO BI
Office Memorandum: UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO
Director, FBI
DATB: 11/2/54
FROM V
SUBJECT:
SAC,
Cincinnati
(100-new)
Flying
Saucers
CIVILIAN RESEARCH,
INTERPLANETARY FLYING OBJECTS
LEONARD H. STRINGFIELD, Director,
7017 Britton Avenue
Cincinnati 27, Ohio
INFORMATION CONCERNING
Remylets to the Bureau dated 6/8/54 and 7/22/54
captioned, TRUMAN BETHURUM,
FLYING. DISCS, MISCELLANEOUS -
INFOKMATION CONCERNING (ESPIONAGE), Bufile 62-83894.
Attached for the Bureau's information is the 10/1/54•
"Newsletter"
of the Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying
Objects, designated Vol. I No. T, which has the address
P. O. Box 1855 (Cincinnati,
Ohio), and which identifies
cincinnati 2]..
LEONARD H. STRINGETEED, 7017 Britton Avenu® on the first page
organization.
of this "Newsletter" STRINGFIELD reports that he had a private
talk with It. Colonel JOHN O MARA, Deputy Commander,
Intelligence, U. S. Air Force, on 9/21/54 and that in
essence Colonel 0 MARA had told STRINGFIELD that flying
saucers do exist and that past contradictions were unfortuna
There is also enclosed a newspaper clipping from the
Cincinnati Times Star dated 9/20/54, entitlea,,
› Saucers" Nof
Myth,
Says Researcher. Ihis article refers to the
"Newsletter
211
enclosed and aiso reports on the interview of STRINGFIELD
with It. Colonel JOHN O'MARA, Deputy Commander, Air Force
NOV
Intelligence, Wright Field.
In addition,
there is enclosed
a second clipping,
this being from the Cincinnati Post of October 11,
1954,
entitled See 'Em?er-Saucers Cover City.
Inis article
reflects that several persons in Cincinnati had cited flying
saucers and had reported them to LEONARD H. STRINGFIELD.
Encls. (3)
Registered Mail
Let Ascissat
1/12/54
RECORDER:
22-83844-3494
IS DESTROYED
NOV 191964

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 283, "chars": 1872, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CI:
100-new
(CIVILIAN RESEARCH, INTERPLANETARY FLYING OBJECTS)
FRANK EDWARDS from his office at the
continued that he believes STRINGFIELD is now
afraid to proceed too much for fear the Air Force will in
some way stop his operations and that EDWARDS' warning to
STRINGFIELD was after the issuing of the October 1, 1954,
"Newsletter" which contained the article about STRINGFIELD's
interview with Colonel O'MARA. At the same time, L
reported that STRINGFIELD, in talking about the possibility
that the Air force might stop his operations, made a state-
ment to the effect that,
"The Air Force can't do anything
to me. I'm claiming saucers are interplanetary."
which may or may not be of interest 1s the lact that the
continued in be letter at anda hoint
Joincinnati, is a close friend Of STRINGFIELD and is
interested in STRINGFIELD's organization.
He identified
CLARK as about 25 years of age and a graduate of
University where CLARK claims to have been a member of an
inter-racial social college fraternity.
said he
noticed that CLARK, often brings up such subjects as the
falseness of religion, that atomic and hydrogen bombs may be
the cause of bad weather, and that colored people shouldn't
be discriminated against. At the same time CLARK is active
in the Methodist Church and in the Cincinnati Civil Defense
organization.
Jadvised that he was furnishing the foregoing
information because he thought that possibly the real
purpose of the Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying
Objects
organization might be to
gather bits of information
about a very secret U. S. Air Force Development Project.
My letter of 6/8/54 in referenced matter concerning
TRUMAN BETHURUM on pages 4 and 5 contains information re-
garding STRINGFIELD's interest in BETHURUM and that the
indices of this office at that time contained no information
Ohio
-3-
b6 |
b70
b7D
b6
b7C
b7D
b6
b7C
b7D

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 196, "chars": 1273, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
on
CI. 100-new
(CIVILIAN RESEARCH, INTERPLANETARY FLYING OBJECTS)
regarding STRINGFIELD. This letter also contains informa-
tion concerning a contact by_THOMAS EICKHOFF with It•
Colonel JOHN O'MARA, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
6/6/54 relative to BETHURUM's story regarding flying saucers.
The foregoing is for the Bureau's information and
this office is advising OSI, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
of the substance of the information in this letter and that
no further action is being taken.
It is noted that
requested in his letter that his identity be
kept confidential.
we The files of this office reflect that
voluntarily appeared at this office in December,
O5 and furnished a piece of literature which he ha
found at the University of Cincinnati.
At that time he had
no information as to subversive activities and no further
contact was made with him.
The files of this office contain only one reference
to HERBERT E. CLARK.
This reflects that he is HERBERT E.
CLARK, Jr., and that in August, 1954, as program chairman
of the Pleasant Ridge Methodist Church Marri-eds class, he
requested a speaker for 11/13/54. On 9/13/54 he was advised
that SA MARK M. MoSHURLEy would speak to the above mentioned
class on the topic of General Activities of the FBI.
b7C
b7D

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 1, "chars": 11, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LENCLOSURE

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 206, "chars": 1395, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
December 17, 1954
¿RECORDED 42
INDEXED-42
62-83894-354
EX-130
Miss Marian Lo
White.
Box 40
Thousand Palms, California
Dear Miss white:
rour letter dated December 6, 1954, has
Been rece tued
Although I would like to be of service,
information in FBI files is confidential and avail-
able for official use only.
I would like to point
out also that this Bureau is
strictly a fact-finding
agency and does not make evaluations or draw conclu
sions as to the character or integrity of any
individual, publication or organization.
I know you will understand the reason for
these rules and will not infer either that we do or
that we do not have the information you desire
Sincerely yours,
6: F
Tolson
Boardman
Nichols
: Belmont
Harbo
Mohr
Parsons
•Rosen
Tamm
Sizoo :
Winterrowd
Tele: Room
'Holloman -
Gandy
John Lagar Hoover
Director
NOTE:
Bufiles
Aboard a Flying Saucer" is not identifiable
Ittis to be noted that correspondent did not
furnish its author's name.
"Per call
to the Library, of congress "Aboard a Flying
Saucer
was written
by Truman,
Be thurum..
In June,
1954,
inguiry was made by the Cincinnati Office concerning Bethurum
and'this flying disk lectures since that oprice had received a
complaint similar to current correspondent's.
(62-83894-342)
No other references were located which might beridentical with
subject of
current inquir
COMMS FBI
DOLSTO
D(3)
DEC 171954
MAILED 24
del
Rui

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 90, "chars": 567, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fly
DE CEM
16,
1954
MR EDGAR HOOVER
DEPT OF JUSTICE
WASHINGTON,
P D.C
DEAR MR HOOVER;
I HAVE MET ANDTALKED WITH THE MAN WHO
WROTE THE BOOK;
ABOARD A FLYING SAUCER"
HE SOUNDS
SINCERE BUT 1 AM ALWAYS SCEPTICAL AND HAVE BEEN
WONDERING IF HE COULD BE TRYING TO PUT OVER ANY
PROPAGANDA•
A NUMBER: Or M
StaY AY OF
TOF THE PAN
I SPRINGS
MEMBERS HEARD HIM AND HE COULD LORD
TO KNOW IF: HE IS ALRIGHT
ANYTHING YOU TELL ME WILL BE KEPT IN
STRICTEST CONFIDENCE:
VERY TRULY
YOURS;
Marian I While
BOX. 40
1000 PALMS
CALIFORNIA
RECORDED-42
1X-130
62-83894-354
DEC 20 3964
5112
b7C
