{"created_utc": "2026-08-15T16:57:28Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7526259, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/bronk-detlev-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "d35ce6d72d938e4ad307b6f0e83f0f4337687c94f58a4e3531ca248a20dab6a0"}

U.S. Department of Justice


                                                                                    Federal Bureau of Investigation
                                                                                    Washington, D.C. 20535


                                                                                    September 30, 2014


  MR. JOHN GREENEWALD / THE BLACK VAULT


                                                               FOIPA Request No.: 1259932-000
                                                               Subject: BRONK, DETLEV WULF


  Dear Mr. Greenewald:

          The enclosed documents were reviewed under the Freedom of Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA), Title 5,
  United States Code, Section 552/552a. Deletions have been made to protect information which is exempt from
  disclosure, with the appropriate exemptions noted on the page next to the excision. In addition, a deleted page
  information sheet was inserted in the file to indicate where pages were withheld entirely. The exemptions used to
  withhold information are marked below and explained on the enclosed Explanation of Exemptions:

                           Section 552                                       Section 552a
           (b)(1)                                 (b)(7)(A)                      (d)(5)
           (b)(2)                                 (b)(7)(B)                      (j)(2)
           (b)(3)                                 (b)(7)(C)                      (k)(1)
                                                  (b)(7)(D)                      (k)(2)
                                                  (b)(7)(E)                      (k)(3)
                                                  (b)(7)(F)                      (k)(4)

           (b)(4)                                 (b)(8)                         (k)(5)

           (b)(5)                                 (b)(9)                         (k)(6)
           (b)(6)                                                                (k)(7)

        158 pages were reviewed and 145 pages are being released.

           A document was located which originated with, or contained information concerning, another Government
           agency [OGA].

                This information has been referred to the OGA(s) for review and direct response to you.
                We are consulting with the OGA. The FBI will correspond with you regarding this information when
               the consultation is finished.

             In accordance with standard FBI practice and pursuant to FOIA exemption (b)(7)(E) and Privacy Act
        exemption (j)(2) [5 U.S.C. § 552/552a (b)(7)(E)/(j)(2)], this response neither confirms nor denies the existence
        of your subject's name on any watch lists.

         For your information, Congress excluded three discrete categories of law enforcement and national security
records from the requirements of the FOIA. See 5 U.S. C. § 552(c) (2006 & Supp. IV (2010). This response is limited
to those records that are subject to the requirements of the FOIA. This is a standard notification that is given to all our
requesters and should not be taken as an indication that excluded records do, or do not, exist. Enclosed for your
information is a copy of the Explanation of Exemptions.


   You have the right to appeal any denials in this release. Appeals should be directed in writing to the Director, Office
of Information Policy (OIP), U.S. Department of Justice,1425 New York Ave., NW, Suite 11050, Washington, D.C.
20530-0001, or you may submit an appeal through OIP’s eFOIA portal at http://www.justice.gov/oip/efoia-portal.html.
Your appeal must be received by OIP within sixty (60) days from the date of this letter in order to be considered timely.
The envelope and the letter should be clearly marked “Freedom of Information Appeal.” Please cite the FOIPA
Request Number assigned to your request so that it may be easily identified.


     The enclosed material is from the main investigative file(s) in which the subject(s) of your request was the focus of
the investigation. Our search located additional references, in files relating to other individuals, or matters, which may
or may not be about your subject(s). Our experience has shown when ident, references usually contain information
similar to the information processed in the main file(s). Because of our significant backlog, we have given priority to
processing only the main investigative file(s). If you want the references, you must submit a separate request for them
in writing, and they will be reviewed at a later date, as time and resources permit.


   See additional information which follows.


                                                                           Sincerely,


                                                                           David M. Hardy
                                                                           Section Chief
                                                                           Record/Information
                                                                              Dissemination Section
                                                                           Records Management Division


Enclosure(s)


        The enclosed documents contained in sections 1, EBF 17 and EBF 22 of Headquarters file 62-HQ-61573
represents the first interim release of information responsive to your Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request.


         This information is being provided to you at no charge.
                                                        EXPLANATION OF EXEMPTIONS

         SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552

(b)(1)   (A) specifically authorized under criteria established by an Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy
         and (B) are in fact properly classified to such Executive order;

(b)(2)   related solely to the internal personnel rules and practices of an agency;

(b)(3)   specifically exempted from disclosure by statute (other than section 552b of this title), provided that such statute (A) requires that the matters
         be withheld from the public in such a manner as to leave no discretion on issue, or (B) establishes particular criteria for withholding or refers to
         particular types of matters to be withheld;

(b)(4)   trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential;

(b)(5)   inter-agency or intra-agency memorandums or letters which would not be available by law to a party other than an agency in litigation with the
         agency;

(b)(6)   personnel and medical files and similar files the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy;

(b)(7)   records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes, but only to the extent that the production of such law enforcement records or
         information ( A ) could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings, ( B ) would deprive a person of a right to a fair trial
         or an impartial adjudication, ( C ) could reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy, ( D ) could
         reasonably be expected to disclose the identity of confidential source, including a State, local, or foreign agency or authority or any private
         institution which furnished information on a confidential basis, and, in the case of record or information compiled by a criminal law
         enforcement authority in the course of a criminal investigation, or by an agency conducting a lawful national security intelligence
         investigation, information furnished by a confidential source, ( E ) would disclose techniques and procedures for law enforcement
         investigations or prosecutions, or would disclose guidelines for law enforcement investigations or prosecutions if such disclosure could
         reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law, or ( F ) could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any
         individual;

(b)(8)   contained in or related to examination, operating, or condition reports prepared by, on behalf of, or for the use of an agency responsible for the
         regulation or supervision of financial institutions; or

(b)(9)   geological and geophysical information and data, including maps, concerning wells.

         SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552a

(d)(5)   information compiled in reasonable anticipation of a civil action proceeding;

(j)(2)   material reporting investigative efforts pertaining to the enforcement of criminal law including efforts to prevent, control, or reduce crime or
         apprehend criminals;

(k)(1)   information which is currently and properly classified pursuant to an Executive order in the interest of the national defense or foreign policy,
         for example, information involving intelligence sources or methods;

(k)(2)   investigatory material compiled for law enforcement purposes, other than criminal, which did not result in loss of a right, benefit or privilege
         under Federal programs, or which would identify a source who furnished information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held
         in confidence;

(k)(3)   material maintained in connection with providing protective services to the President of the United States or any other individual pursuant to
         the authority of Title 18, United States Code, Section 3056;

(k)(4)   required by statute to be maintained and used solely as statistical records;

(k)(5)   investigatory material compiled solely for the purpose of determining suitability, eligibility, or qualifications for Federal civilian employment
         or for access to classified information, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person who furnished information pursuant to a
         promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence;

(k)(6)   testing or examination material used to determine individual qualifications for appointment or promotion in Federal Government service he
         release of which would compromise the testing or examination process;

(k)(7)   material used to determine potential for promotion in the armed services, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person
         who furnished the material pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence.

                                                                                                                                                   FBI/DOJ
