{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T19:38:26Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 695830, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/c05516221-pdf-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "68f6233034b6e58b75e23438ea905499c26155fd2e11562c335d6c26e53c8041"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2579, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00042346
FOREIGN
PRESS NOTE
22 Novenber 1989
USSR: MEDIA TEPORT MULTITUDE OF UrO SIGHTLIOS
Lending Soviet newspapers and journals have recently begun publishing
an increasing number of artícles and nevs reports on sightings of
unidentified flying objects (UPOs) in various areas of the Soviet Union. A
"perannent center" for the study of UPOs has been established in Moscow to
conduct research and support the investigation of reported sightings.
* ***
*
Setting the tone for
this media coverage
article in the 9 July
1989 SOTSIALISTICHESKAYA INDUSTRIYA, which referred to many recent reports
of UFO sightings in the USSR.
Intervieved by the paper, P. Prokopenko,
director of a laboratory
for the study of "anomalous phenomena," stated
that a "persanent center" for the study of UPos is being established in the
In addition to conducting research and presenting lectures
on UFOs, the center vill support the investigation of reported sightings.
In referring to an issue of the paper published in July 1988 that
included a report on
"an anazing event that took place on Bill 611 near the
village of Dainegorsk in Primorskiy Kray," the article noted that the event
is still under investigation.
Many observers say & flying sphere crash
into one of the hill's twin peaks, and physicists and other scientists from
the Siberian Division of the USSR Academy of Sciences are still studying
the "fine nesh, " "guall spherical objects," and "pieces of glass" that are
considered to be snall rennants left behind by the sphere.
According to
the article, the alleged spacecraft vas nearly obliterated in the crash,
but there apperr; to be enough material at the site for the scientists--a
mixture of UPO "enthusiasts" end skeptics—-to eventually "penetrate this
In studying the site, scientist d. Makeyer reported finding gold,
silver, nickel, alpha-titanium, molybdenun,
and compounds of beryllium.
One of the "skeptical" physicists from Tonsk has hypothesized that the 30-
called sphere could have been some kind of a "plassold," formed by the
"interaction of geophysical force fields," vhich captured the elenents
found by Makeyev fron the atnosphere on its trajectory toward
disintegration oli the hilltop.
Other researchers have generally rejected
this explanation since the enounts of various types of netals found at the
site vould imply, according to this "plasmoid" theory, that "the
concentration of netals in the atnosphere should exceed the present level
by a factor of 4,000."
......
Foreige Broadcase information Serice. Production Group
Approved for Reagaso
Date
AUG
AULIUL

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 530, "chars": 3586, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00042346
Some of the scientists have concluded that the object that crashed into
#111 611 vas an
"extraterrestrial" apace vehicle constructed by highly
intelligent beings.
Doctor of Chenical Sciences V. Vysotskiy stated that
"without doubt,
this is evidence of a high rechnology, end it is not
anything of a natural or terrestrial origin."
He cited the fact that the
remnants of fine sesh included bits of thin threads with a diameter of only
17 microns and that these threads, in turn, vere composed of even thinner
strands twisted into braids. Extremely thin gold vires mere discovered
intertvined in the finest threads--evidence of an intricate technology
beyond the present capabilities of terrestrial science, according to
Vysotskiy.
SOTSIALISTICHESKAYA INDUSIRITA of 25 July 1989 reported that a UFO
righting had been clained by engineer Iuriy Ponorarenko and a group of
vorkers at a collective fara in the Dnepropetrovsk region.
Ihe object was
described as a disk with two beans of light enanating from its sides.
vitnesses maintained that they had observed the object on the ground for
about 20 minutes, and that it emitted no sound when it flew avay.
The August 1989 Issue of the Soviet Journal NAUKA I ZHIZN included a
9-page article vhich, after sumarizing
the history of UFo sightings in
general, contrasted sone of the views of the "skeptics" with sone of the
opinions of the "enthusiasts" on the nunerous reported UFO sightings in the
USSR, including Incidents in Serpukhov, Petrozavodsk, and Rudnya.
According to the "enthusiasts," UPOs have left evidence of their visits on
many occasions, including the Serpukhor incident in which, they clain, a
UFO left a circular depression in the grass vith a dianeter of 4 meters.
The skeptics maintain that nost of this so-called "evidence" can be
explained as having no connection vith extraterrestrial intelligence. Many
of the sightings could be attributed to rocket testing, for example.
Acadenician Vladimir Vasilyevich Migulin, director of the Terrestrial
Magnetism, Ionosphere, and Radio Nave Propagation Institute in Iroitsk,
which has a section for the investigation of anomalous phenomena in the
atmosphere, maintains that over 90 percent of UPO sightings can be
nullified by such mundane explanations.
STROITELNAIA GAZETA of 16 Septenber 1989 reported that in August a
group of observers including physical scientist Bivir Kurchenko began
Investigating another circular depressed area in a forest near Surgut after
'• porker claimed that « UPO had visited the site:
SOTSIALISTICHESKAIA INDUSTRIYA of 30 September 1989 noted that media
all over the Soviet Union vere receiving reports of UFO sightings on the
ground and in the air, adding that the paper's editorial office vas
Ievieving hundreds oi reports relater to UrO incidents.
In response to
this deluge of reports,
the paper intervieved Anatolly Listzatov, chairman
of the section of the All-Union Astronomical and Geodesic Society assigned
to the study of anonalous phenonena, who said that although his group is
"he investrations had cent ackered de tated that deat the site n
He stated that Mat the sites of
the landings... the operating frequency of a crystal-controlled oscillator
Simply speaking, «lectionic timepieces run at rates that are
either too fast or too sio."
Listrator noted that Soviet rilitary officers and pilots had recently
started proriding some documentation on UFO sightings. As an exanple, he
stated that he had documentary infornation regarding an encounter between
Soviet aircraft and a UPO over the city of Borisov.
The crews of two

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 505, "chars": 3237, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
000042346
Soviet aircraft reported seeing a large flying disk in their vicinity with
tive beans of light manating ițou it:
three beans vere directed toward
the ground and two vere projected upvard when the object vas first sighted.
The ground controller instructed one of the planes to alter its course and
approach the object, at vhich point the disk ther to the sane level and
Illuminating the
aired one of lis beaus at the approaching sovter plan oft this tine, the
cockpit. Listrator cited the pilot's log as stating:
copilot nas at the controls.
He observed the unneuver that the object had
just carried out and vas able to raise his hand to shield hinself fron the
unbearable light.
The aircraft comander vas resting in the adjoining
seat, and a bright ray of light, projecting a mpot vith a dianeter of 20
centimeters, passed across his
body. Both pilota telt heat."
According to Listrator,
the aircraft commander and his copilot both
became "invalids" shortly after the incident.
The copilot vas forced to
leave bis job due to a sudden deterioration la his health, including the
onset of sudden prolonged periods of "loss of consciousness."
The aircraft
commander died vithin a fev months. The cause of death vas listed as
"cancer, " and "injury to the organisa as a result of radiation from an
unidentified flying object" vas listed as a contributing factor on
official medical record in the hospital where the commander died, eccording
to Listrator.
ListIatON told SOTSIALISTICHESKAYA INDUSTRIYA that about 95 percent of
UPO sightings could be explained, and investigations have often revealed
then to be burned-out rocket stages or the remnants of unsuccessful rocket
launches. It is the 5 percent that cannot be explained that is causing all
the commotion among Soviet scientists and milítary personnel.
Instead of
the videspread skepticism that he had expected when he first began to
interview ailitary personnel, he noted that officers and soldiers had told
him about their ow encounters with UFOs, and they had even shown him
reports that had been completely filled out on official forus.
KOMSOMOLSKAYA PRAVDA of 7 October reported that the Soviet Union had
just opened an official center for the study of UfOs in Moscow.
Physicists, geologists, astrononers, and psychologists are teaching courses
on the various characteristics of the UPOs that have been reported and the
types of equipment necessary to Investigate UPO sightings.
.: On 9 October the Soviet news agency IASS reported that a UFO had landed
in a park in the city of Voronezh.
TASS reported that the object had been
observed by aany vitnesses before it left.
KOMSOMOLSKAIA PRAVDA of 12 October reported that a group of scientists
had visited a field in Pera Oblast to investigate claims that a UFO had
Landed in that aree and had left behind a circular impression measuring 62
meters in dianeter.
RASNAYA IVEZDA of 13 October suggested that ness hysteria may be !
mportant factor contributing to the recent outburst of videspread clair
hysteria resulting from Orson
invagion of the United States by extraterrestrials.
The 19-25 October Issue of POISK carried an article contrasting the
viewpoints of scientists from the two main Soviet institutes presently

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 521, "chars": 3299, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00042346
engaged in investigating UFO reports-the newly established center for UFO
studies in the Palace of Culture of lover Engineers In Moscow and the
Terrestríal Magnetian, Ionosphere, and Badio Vave Propagation Institute,
vhich has branches in Troitsk,
Leningrad, andrIkutsk.
Physicist Juriy
Plator of the Terrestrial Magnetisa Instituté does not believe the claims
of scientists vho maintain they have found remnants in Dainegorsk of a UFO
onstructed by extraterrestiíals, and he is convinced that the naterial.
ound at that site are really only the remants ol the unsuccessiul taunc
of a soviet rocket in that region.
He belleves that many of the other
reports of UPOs can be explained by the inability of the observers to
recognize the phenonenon knovn as "ball lightning."
The POISK article contrastad Plator'y rie vith that of another
physical scientist, Vladimir Azhazha, vho vas recently elected chairsan of
the new All-Union Connission for the
of the Union of Scientific and Ingineering Societies.
reports of a UFO crash in the USSR with a clain by UPO enthusiasts In the
United States that a UFO had crashed in the desert near Rosvell, Nev
Mexico, in 1947.
Be believes there is sufficient evidence to support the
claims of UFO crashes in both cases--in Dainegorsk and in Rosvell.
latter case, he cited the testimony of eyewitnesses vho maintained that
they had seen the bodies of four extrateriestrials lying near the smashed
spacecraft.
According to Plator, hovever, the eyewitnesses in the Roswell
case vert mistaken.
experimental rocket with four Rhesus monkeys aboard and that the accident
was the result of an unsuccessful launch attempt at the dawn of the space
eta.
SOTSIALISTICHESKAYA INDUSTRIYA of 21 October noted that hundreds of
residents had reported observing & UFO in Onsk and that many of these
eyevitnesses had reported the sighting directly to the paper's office in
Unsk.
The article included a report by an "authoritative" military
officer, Maj V. Loginov, who stated: "I must tell you straight off that
radar did not detect this object, and so I en reporting visual
kiloneters.
The object vas passing over at an altitude of several
The visible shining sphere appeared to be about one and a half
times as large as the noon's shape in the night sky.
four projectors-some
parallel and sone at angles to the farth--vere casting very bright beans.
The object vas in the field of vision for about 5 minutes...hovering... over
the civil airport before descending a little.
Then the projectors were
turned off and a whirling plune trail instantaneously appeared around
shining sphere.
The object began to recede rapidly in a direction from the
northvest to the east at the sane tine that flights vere being carried out
from a neighboring airport. Pilots vere able to observe it visually, but
they could not detect it on their radar screens....
Badar signals could
not be reflected fron it.
This object vas immediately reported up the
chain-of-consand, and our colleagues in the Altay Kray, in the area toward
which the object flev, reported back to us vithin 5 minutes that they had
it under visual observation.
That meant that it had covered a distance oi
approximately 600 kilometers at a speed of about 7,000 kilometers per
hoar."
merely some mind or made and ente gene

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 109, "chars": 779, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00042346
.
SOVEISKATA KULTURA of 28 October reported on the results of e
conference in Petrozavodsk of about 100 soviet scientists representing the
"various branches of science and technology." The sain tople of discussion
nas the multitude of clatus of recent UPO sightings in the USSR.
tO SOVETSKALA LitTliA, note questions about UFOs vere raised at this
conference than vere ansvered.
LITERATURNAIA GAZEIA of I Hoverber reported that Voronezh, where
observers had elained to have witnessed the landing and take-off of a UPO,
has become the place for a "pilgrimage" by correspondents seeking
sensational nevs for their nevspapers, regardless of the controversial
nature of the so-called "veighty evidence" being presented as proof that
extraterrestrials had visited Voronezh.
