{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T20:53:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 751412, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/c05515933-pdf-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "c7b69858ef0cc5652944fe86d146106f1b33e5f270ee989d0ba4e1230569c39d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 1974, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00015339-
:
2$
ER- 3- 2872
OCT 2 1952
LEAORANDUM 10:
IROJCH:
Director of Central Intelligence
Deputy Director (Intelligence)
Assistant Director, Offico of Scientiric
Intelligence
SUBJECI:
Flying Sancers
1. PROBLE"= fo deterilne. (a) Shether or not there are national
security inglications in the problen of "unidentified
flying objects", (0) whether or not adequate study and
research is currently beins directed to this problen
in its relation to such national security inolications;
and. (c) what further inrestigation and research saould
be instituted, by thon, indunder that aegts.
2. PACTS AND DISCUSSIO=OSI nao investigated the riork currently
being perfored on "flyins sarcers" and found that the
Air Tecinical Intellisence Center, DI, USA", iright-
Patterson dis Force base, is the only group devoting
apreciable e fort and study to this subject, that ATIC:
is concentratin, on a case-by-case exolanation of each
report; and irat this effort is not adequate to corre-
late, evaliate, and resolve the situation on an over-
all basis. Ine current problen is discussed in detail.
in TA3 A.
3. CONOWSIGIS "'lying saucers" nose trio elenents of danger
raieh have national security inolications.
The first
involves nass psycholo ical considerations and the
second concerns the vilnerabilit; of the United States
to air attack. both factors are amplified in TAB A.
4. AOTON FECUTE D50 (a) Inat the Director of Central Intel-
ligence advise the iational Security Council of the
implications o? the "flying saucer" problem and request
that research ve initiated.
TAs B is a draft neno-
randua to the "'SO, for the CI's signature; (0) "That -"
the ICI discuss this subject with the Psychological
Stratir Ios?.
A monorardun to the Directos,
Psycnolo ical Stratery zorra,
, is attached for sig-
nature as IA3 C. (c) ihat CIl, ultis the cooperation
of PS3 and other interested repartients and agencies,
devolop and recomend ios adoption by the ISC a
Approved for Release
2/2010

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 276, "chars": 1909, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00015339
OCT 2 195?
FRO!:
Director of Central Intelligence
Deputy Director (Intelligence)
Assistant Director, Office of Scientifio.
Intelligence
SUBJECT:
Flying Saucers
1. PROBLE-To determine: - (a) nether or not there are national
securits implications in the problem of "unidentified
Ilying objects"; (0) thether or not adequate study and
research is currently being directed to this problen
in its relation to such national security inplications;
and (e) what further investigation and research saould
be instituted, by whos, ind under what aegis.
2. FACIS AND DISCUSSIO!-OSI des investigated the work currently
being perfored on "flying sarcers! and founa that the
Air Technical Intelligence Center, DI, USti, iright-
Patterson di force base, is the only group devoting.
appreciable effort and study to this subject, that ATIC
is concentratin, on a case-by-case exolanation of ezch
report, and that this effort is not adequate to corre-
lets, evaliata,
-and resolve the situation on an over-
all basis. _Ine current probler is discussed in detail
iD IA3 A.
3. ConcIsios "Pying saucers nose-to-elenents of danger
maich have national security inplications. The first
involves nass osycrolo ical considerations and the
second corceras the vulnerabilit; of the United States
to air attack. Both factors are anplifled in 'DIB-A.
Lo ACTION RECULENDED (a) That the Direotor of Central Intel-
ligence advise the National Security Council of tie
implications of thn "flying saucer" problen and request
that ressara ve initiated, its B is a drait ueno-.-.
randus to the NSC, for the DI's signature.
(b) That -
the "CI discuss mis suujict with the Psychological
Stratt toe.
A manorticia to tre firecto",
Psyciolonical Stratery torro, is attached ior sig-
nature as TAB C...(c) that CId, witil the cooperatior
of PSS and other interested repartients and agencies,
develop and recommend ior adoption by the ISC a
25.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 71, "chars": 571, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00015339
policy of public infomation shich sill nininize concern
and possible panic resulting frou the nuderous signtings
of unidentifled objects.
H. MARSHAN, CHAUT
ame Assistant Director
Scientific Intelligence
ANTATS:
TAB A-lenorandia to DCI, through DDI, Subject: Flying.
TAB. Bm Letter to rational Security Count it th enclosure.
IAB Culero-to Directos, Psychological Strategy Board vitin
enclosure..
CONCUPRECES: ES
TEREORE
Date:
Deputy Director/Intelligence
ACIECE BE APPROVING LUTHORITY:
Date:
Approred (disagoroved):
HACKER B. SIT
Director.
mutates 300.97
•4:
!

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 1939, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00015339
sate late.
3=31ZRdal
SEP 24 1952
ELORNDU: FOR Director Of Central Intelligence
THROUGH
SUBJECT
: Deputy Director (Intelligence)
• Flying Saucers
1. Pocently an inquiry ies conductod by the oftico of scientiflo
Intelligence to deternine vhether there are national security frolia: tiona
in the edge to run antiese re 1s ourse benz ented to ra
this problen in its relation to such ratiens, security fanlications;
and what further investigation and research should be instituted,
by viac, ard under what zegisi
It was found that the only wit of Gover rent currently
studying ine probleu is ine Directorate ei intelligence
tole, which
hes chargeå tho dir Technical Intelligence: Center (ATIC) witt
... •
responsibility for investigating the reports of sichtiogo.. it ATIC
there is a group of tares officers and trio secretarles to which cora,
ar Ar Ears and slam reated grain, restate.
A world-vide ==.
reporting syster has been-instituted and rajortiir force Bases have
boen ordered to are interceptions of unidentifled flying objects;
The research is beirg conducted on a case basis and is designed to
provide a satisfactory explaration of each individual sighting.
ATIC has concluded an errangemant with Pattelle Nonorial Institute
for the latter to establisire rachire inderdng systen for official
reports of sigatingsa
3. Since 1947, ATIC has rectred approdrately 2500 offola?
reports of sightings plus an enorvous volune of loiters, phone calls,
and press reports. During July 1952 alone, official reports totaled 250.
Of the 1500 reports, All Fores carrles 20 percent as unemlained and
of those received fron January throuch July 1952 it carrios 20 percent
unerslainede
4. In Its inquiry into this problen, a team froa GIl's Office
of Scientific Intalligence consulted with a representative of Ais
press and oracast indicas, and conferred with three Gin vonsultents,
who have brond Inowledge of the technical areas concerned.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 314, "chars": 2122, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00015339
5. It was found that the ATIC study is probably valid if the
purposo is limited to a case-by-case explanation.
However,
that
study doss not solve the more fundamental aspects of the problem.
These aspects are to deternine definitely the rature of the various
phenocens wnich are causing these sightings,
and to discover means
by which these causes, and their visual or electronic effects, ty
bo ideatifled immedistely. The CIA consultants stated that these
solutiers would probably be found on the margins or just beyond the
frontiers of our present mowledge in the fields of atmospheric,
Ionospherie, and extraterrestrial phenaena, with the added possibility
that the present dispersal of nuclear wasto products alght also
Do a factor. Thay recommended that a study grolio be formed to porfora
three functions:
analyze and systenetize the factors which constitute
tho fundarental problen;
deteraine the fields of hundanental science which
must be investigated in order to reach an inderstanding of
the phencens involved; and
to make recamendations for the initiation of appropriato
research.
Di. Julius A. Stratton, Vico President of the Yassachusetts Instituto
of Technology,
tas indicsied to CIA that such a grous could te
constituted at trat Institute.
Sintlarty, profest lincoln, the
Air Ecce's air defense project at lIT, could be charged with sane
of these responsibilities.
The flying saucer sitwation contains tro elerents of danger
waich,
in a sitation of international tension, havo national security
implicatiors... These are:
a. Esvenolonion! Allth world-wide sightings reported, it
has found that, wo to the tine of the investigation, there had
been in the sovlet press no roport or comment, oven
satirical,
en Ilying saucers, though trouyko bad rade one humorous
rertion of tre suoject.
With a State-controlled press, this
could result only fron an official poliey decision. The
question, therefore, arises as to wiether as not these sightings;.
(2): could be controlled,
(2) could da prodiated, and
(3) could de used from a psychological murfara
point of vion, either offensively or defensively.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 314, "chars": 2039, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00015339
The publie concern with the phenomena, which is reflected both
in the United States press and in the orassure oi inquiry upon the
Ali Forcs, indicates trat a fair proportion of our population
is pentally conditioned to the accéptanée of the incredible.
In this fect Ilos the potential for the touching off of mass
hystaria and panic,
Air Vulnerabilitz - The Unlted States Alr Haraing System
will undcubtedly alvays depend upon a combiration of radar screen-
ing and visual observation.
The i.s.3.i. Is credited with the
present capability of delivering an air attact against tke
United states, yet at any fiven moment now, teere ray be
current a dozen official unidentified sightings plus rany
unofficial ones.
At any magent of attack, ve are now in a
position where he carnot,
on an instant basis, distinguish.
bardiare froz obantos, and as tension mounts we will rud. tha
Increasing risk of false alerts end the even greater danger
of falsely identisying the real as planta.
7. Both of these probleis are prinarily operational in rature
but cach contains readily apparent intelligence factars...
Fron an operatloral polat of view, three actions aro
required:
a, Irediate steps should be taken to inorove identification
of both visual and electroile phanton so that, in the event of
en attach, instant ana postilve identification of erary planes
or sissiles can be race.
b. I study should be instituted-to deterina what, if any, -
utilization could de made of these phenovera by United States
psychological tartare planners and what, If ady, defenses should
be planned in anticipation of Soviet atterots to utilice then.
In order to minitize risk of panio, a rational pollas
should be established as to voat should be told the public
ragardirs the phenorens.
9. ¡Other intolligence problens which require deterritation
ares
. So
The present level of Soviet knowledge regarding
.... these phenocens.
6. Possible Soviet intentions and cupabilitles to
utilize thoso rhenomena to the detriment of United Siztes
sut interes see eli.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 113, "chars": 768, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00015339
The reasons for silence in the Soviet press
regarding flying saucers.
Additioral research, dillering in character and emphasis
Iran that presently being perfornad by hit Forco, will de required
to reet the specific reeds of both orarations and intelligence.
Intolligence resporsibilitles in this field as regards both collection
and analysis can be discharged with rastrun effectiveness only after
nuch noro is known regarding the exact rature of these phenoñara.
11. I consider this problen to be of such importance that It
should be brought to the attention of the National Security Council.
in order that a community vido coordinated effort towards its solution
may ba initiated.
Arachuduce
Sa MARSHALL CHAD SLI
Assistant Director
Scientific Intelligence
