{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T20:58:58Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 753632, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/c05516674-pdf-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "4491d1d803396c72ddcfd22ab9b5414bf875ecc33a6cdc8e1b62cdd4532d36d1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 343, "chars": 2500, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174755
Page: 10
of 26
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1990
Document 4 of 8
Page 1
Classification:
UNCLASSIFIED
Status:
[STAT]
Report Type:
JPRS Report
Report Date:
Report Number:
JPRS-UIÀ-90-001
UDC Number:
Headline: English Summaries of Major Articles
Source Line: 90UI0138b Moscow NARODY AZII I APRIKI in English No 4,
Jul-Aug 89pp 218-221
FULL TEXT OF ARTICLE:
1. (Text] COUNTRIES OF ASIA: STATE POLICY TOWARDS SMALL BUSINESS
2. V.N. ULYAKHIN
3. In Oriental countries the state actively influences the
development of suall enterprise, ensuring in fact equal possibilities
for evolution for all sectors of economy, in all fields of
activities, as concerns deliveries of scarce goods, allocation of
investments, training of qualified personnel and the taxation, both
direct and indirect.
Facing the necessity of prioritary development
of science- and capital-intensive branches which would pay for
themselves in the long run, developing countries of Asia finally
succeed in finding such a compromise solution that foresees in the
long-term perspective a join of increasing quantities of living and
materíalized labour, i.e. is based on combination of labour-,
capital- and science-intensive productions and intended for
well-balanced growth of small-scale, big capitalist and state
From
this point, the experience of Asian countries is of a
certain importance
for developing small (in particular, co-operative)
sector in the USSR. The recently adopted laws on the state
enterprise,
the co-operation and the individual labour activities
meant a legal acknowledgement of such objective reality as the
multi-sector nature of Soviet economy. However, the perestroyka in
general has not shaken the monopoly of state property, and this makes
possible negative processes in economy to grow without hindrance. The
state sector still stays apart from any competition. Only secondary
roles are still assigned to co-operative and self-employed workers.
In the existing conditions they are not able to organize any
important production while co-operators could successfully ensure,
for instance, a small-series production of mini-tractors,
mini-combines, electronic equipment and electrotechnical devices, as
well as the small enterprises perform this function in practically
all countries of Asia.
But this way is still firmly blocked by a
deep-rooted dogma in our consciousness that proclaimed the state
property to be a priori the height of periection.
UNCLASSIFIED
Approved for Release
2/2010
44

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 324, "chars": 2359, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174755
Page: 11
of 26
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1990
Docurent 4 of 8
Page
2
5. STANDARD OF NON-CAPITALIST DEVELOPMENT
6. M.А. OLIMOV
ocialist-oriented states was realized under strong influence of th
oviet experience which was advocated by our theorists as the basi
model of socialism. They wrote piles of works pretending to give
analysis of the non-capitalist way of development in Central Asiar
"'third world."
recently, when monstrous distortions of socialist principles in
Soviet Asian republics came to light, they puzzled many theorists of
social sciences and party workers, unmasked complexity and
contradictions of the real socialism and its ways.
8. In the author's opinion, we
should admit that problems actually
faced by the republics of Central Asia and Kazakhstan are similar to
those of developing countries of the East (to some extent this
includes also countries
which develop on the capitalist way). Dangers
that threaten these peoples in general are connected with accelerated
path of historical development, negative influence of the whole
underdevelopment in the pre-socialist period,
the heritage of
feudalism. The article scrutinizes a key problem of this
heritage--the conservation and functioning of the traditional society
in Soviet Asian republics.
9.
The socialism built under Stalin's direction vas itself a model
of feudal community. Its features were paternalism, hierarchic and
caste structure, use of a poverful compulsion machinery. In Central
Asian republics the hierarchy of Stalin's socialism joined the
hierarchy of the old feudal system. Institutes of traditional society
which still remain attractive for masses, in the epoch of stagnation
became a good camouflage for money-grubbing and corruption. Forcibly
spread wage-levelling also contributed to the conservation of the
feudal type community. The wage-levelling of the barrack-like
socialism was close by nature to the feudal levelling and therefore
easily took root in mass conscience.
10.
AFRICA. DIFFERENT ORIENTATIONS AND COMMON PROBLEMS. ON SOCIAL
AND ECONOMIC POLICY IN COUNTRIES OF ALTERNATIVE ORIENTATIONS
11. Yu. V. POTYOMKIN
Scepticism towards possibilities of socialist-oriented policy ir
developing countries, which became widespread lately among Soviet
researchers, is a sort of retroactive reaction to the overestimated
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 403, "chars": 2742, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174755
Page: 12
of 26
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1990
Document 4 of 8
Page
3
realities in the past. However, considering the capitalist and the
socialist orientations of development we should not exaggerate their
dilterence, which is strict enough in the political and ideological
field but is less important in the social and economic sphere. This
15 quite natural, because the main tasks of overcoming backwardness
faced by developing countries are similar if not ídentical.
essence is the accelerated creation of the potential for this
overcoming, all possible development of productive forces, both
material and human. This circumstance inevitably reduces the social
and economic difference between the two alternative lines to
non-significant variations in proportions of certain aims and methods
oi policy in countries of both orientations at the present stage.
This thesis is confirmed in the article by a review of the policy oi
African states on main problems dealing with vital people's
interests, i.e. the essential, human component of productive forces.
13. In the author's opinion, the degradation of social and economic
situation on the continent in 1980s, connected in fact mainly with
objective factors, cannot be explained merely by the
socialist-oriented way. It would be wrong also to compare results
achieved in countries of both types for a
too short historical
period; to consider measures of normalization as a deviation from the
socialist orientation; to interpret this orientation as a stage of
''building of socialism.'' This is a long-range policy, and its
destinies are not determined by factors of conjuncture. Its necessary
pre-conditions are the existence of a solid economic basis--the
public sectot of the economy, while not necessarily predominant, and
the conviction of political leaders in a historical need for
socialist orientation.
14.
TURKISH ASPECTS OF TRUMAN DOCTRINE AND SOME MISTAKES OF
STALINIST DIPLOMACY
15. A.Sh. RASIZADE
16. While Greek events and the situation about Turkey were the
occasion to proclaim the doctrine, its Greek and Turkish aspects
haven't been yet a special subject of study in our country. However,
the Truman doctrine played a crucial role in Averican-Turkish
relations, in the choice by Turkey of its place in the post-war
world, and this influenced, of course, the So iet-Turkish relations
as well. The principles of the doctrine still stay the basis of
bilateral relations between Turkey and the USA.
17. The author tried to reconsider the Soviet interpretation of the
ruman doctrine. Now, when we review our past,
it is useful to show
consequences of
the wrong approach
by I.V. Stalin and his associates
to the Soviet policy in the region.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 283, "chars": 2048, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174755
Page: 13
of 26
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1990
Document 4 of 8
Page 4
The Soviet-Turkish relations reached a high level of tension
the two countries, signed in Paris in 1925, and suggested to prepare
a new treaty. However, Soviet proposals that followed, aggravated
orientation ot Turkey. With approval of Stalin, Georgia and Armenia
course of the diplomatic discussion on the regime of the Black Sea
drawing up of a common British-American-Turkish position.
19. SYNCRETISM OF RELIGIOUS AND MYTHOLOGICAL CONCEPTS OF PRE-MOSLEM
TURKS
20. I.V. STEBLEVA
various religious end myth oglet prentian storeds robch functioned
among turkic peoples of Central Asia, Southern and Eastern Siberia.
From
the 6th
century Turkic peoples began to form military, political
reated, dealing with shamanism, Buddhism.
Christianity. The adoption of Islam by Turks in Central Asia began in
10th century, but this process was long, and during several centuries
Turkic peoples lived in the sphere of other cultural and religious
traditions.
21. Turkic manuscripts available for studying these pre-Islam
conceptual systems are written by runic, Manichaean and Uighur
scripts. They include special religious texts (prayers, hymns,
instructions and norms of religious behaviour) as well as literary
works (epitaphs, historical and heroic poems, didactic parables and
novels).
23. A most peculiar feature of these works is the interaction of
various religious
and mythological traditions. Shamanic texts are
influenced by the Manichaean religion (the runic fortune-telling
book), Manichaean hymns are created under the influence of Buddhism.
The syncretism of Manichaean and Buddhist ideas and notions reaches
the level where Mani is identified with Buddha.
Manichaeism receives
as well an impact of Christianity: in the prayer addressed to
"'Mani-Angel (and) Buddha'' the word equivalent of "angel'' means
also ''apostle.' Turkic Christian
texts were influenced by shamanism
(the ritual formula of space description) and Manichaeism which
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 307, "chars": 2124, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174755
Page: 14
of 26
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1990
Document 4 of 8
Page
5
included in its turn some features of zoroastrianism.
24. SOCIAL AND POLITICAL VIEWS OF ABU-L-HASAN AL-MAVARDI (NEW TRENDS
OF STUDIES)
25. A.A. IGNATENKO
26. Works created by this eminent Moslem medieval lawyer, expert on
problems of the state, have been studied for a long time by
orientalists. Modern islamists interpret the heritage of al-Mawardi,
this distinguished theorist of the islamic state--caliphate, as being
27. The notion of ''concord'' (ulfa) takes a key place in his
concept aimed at giving explanation to the existence and functioning
of society. This
"'concord'' is necessary for people to receive
"sufficient matter of their life'' in the course of "development of
the world' (imara). Human society is considered by the medieval
theorist to be innerly differentiated: ''unity in difference'' is a
pre-condition of ''union'' (i'tilaf) of people performing various
functions in the process of "development of the world'' (tillage,
handicraft etc.)
and therefore needing one another.
Mutual hostility inherent in people by nature requires the
existence of power to consolidate this union using the
"religion''
(din). Al-Mawardi reconsiders the notion of ''religion'' interpreting
it as any set of society-organizing norms and rules, including even
"dishonesty' (kufr) if it performs the function of uniting people.
Norms of the 'religion'' interpreted in this way are obligatory both
for subjects and the sovereign (malik), the supreme ruler who is to
take measures to ensure the community life.
29.
The article calls in question the authorship of the "'Sermon to
sovereigns,'' a well-known treatise whose manuscript is kept in the
National Library of Paris, traditionally attributed to al-Mawardi.
ROLE OP SCALES OF TIME AND SPACE IN MODELLING OF HISTORICAL
PROCESS
31. G.S. POMERANTS
32.
Rationality or irrationality of the history depends to a
onsiderable extent on the scale applied to it. This idea was pul
orward in 1784 by E. Kant who noted the trend to all-world polítíca
in the final
UNCLASSIFIED
...
..o.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 436, "chars": 2950, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
000174755
Page: 15
of 26
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1990
Document 4 of 8
Page 6
analysis, can be traced back to Augustus and Jewish promise of
Messiah, and the model by Schlegel-- to the Indo-European mythologem
of four centuries (golden, silver, copper and iron). These models are
not mutually excluding. Total historical movement has a complex inner
structure including a number of movements, each of them being evident
on a certain scale of articulation of historical time and space. The
article distinguishes five scales of the time and the same number of
scales for the cultural space. On the super-large scale of Indian
mythology, the history in general is an illusion and only eternity is
real. On a global large scale accumulated changes (growth of
productive forces, of population, differentiation of society and
intellect; growing alienation, ecological tension etc.) are first
and foremost. A middle global scale discerns wave movements, the "!
eternal return,'' the revival of archaic features in the Middle Ages
and of the classics in the modern history. In Chinese historiography
this is expressed by an alternation of dynasties 'in and yan. On a
middle local scale the most important are cycles of rise and decline
of various cultures. These movements, while they are different
enough, can be considered as being rational, easily modelled. They
are opposed to explosive movements directed by a charismatic leader
(M. Weber) or a group of "'passionaries'' (L.N. Gumilyov). Here only
anthropomorphous scale is possible. There are no reasons to explain
Mongolian conquests besides those interlaced in Gengis Khan's
personality. It is impossible to foresee what new ''passionary'
(Hitler, Khomeini) will frustrate all plans of sober-minded people.
However, the course of time smoothes away traces of explosions and
all the logic of history is restored to its rights.
33. ROUND TABLE
34. FUTURE OF ECONOMIC HISTORY OF THE EAST
35. Participants: N.A. IVANOV, M.F. VIDYASOVA, L.S. VASILIEV, YU.G.
ALEKSANDROV, A.D. DIKARYOV, V.A. YASHKIN, A.V. AKIMOV
36. This Round Table concerns problems of development of the
economic history of the East in the USSR. The article by A.M. Petrov
''New Tasks of Ancient Science and Some Materials for Study of
Economic History of the East'' (1989, No 2) gave rise to the present
discussion.
The participants put the question. what is the reason of
such a lag
in the field (history of econony) which was traditionally
considered by the marxist science as a priority? A number of
solutions is suggested. In the authors' opinion, use of quantitative
methods would allow to
reject some dogmas which need to be reviewed,
e.g. the dogma of the "'robbery'' of the East as a source of primary
capitalist accumulation. The economic backwardness of the East was,
first of all, a result of the non-ability of etatist economy to
ensure the extended reproduction, and not that of the "'colonial
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 241, "chars": 1699, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174755
Page: 16
of 26
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1990
Document 4 of 8
Page
robbery.''
37. A negative influence on the East, exerted by the West, was
rather that the East actively rejected all western elements, beconing
more and more archaic. Hovever, one should not consider that
modernization of the eastern economy is inevitably to lead to the
eath of traditional structures, pre-industrial civilization. Th
tudy of economic history of the East would help understandin
economic problems of the USSR.
Results of the study of economic history could be applied for
forecasting trends in the following fields: global problems, studies
of economic growth and analysis of precedents.
39. UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UPO) IN ANCIENT CHINA
40. A.D. DIKARYOV
41. The process of emancipation of thought in China in 1980s is
actual revolution afte thest or the nace sockety poch of
knowledge based on the economic reforms,
takes in a number of cases
the form of unofficial science. An example of such organizations is
the scientific societies of UPO fanciers with corresponding
periodicals as the revue ''Feidie Tansuo'' (''Studies of Flying
Saucers''). The efforts by Chinese scientists to find in ancient
China demonstrate methodology and tasks of the Chinese historical
science in general.
42. The article considers a number of concrete modern versions of
interpretation of historical materials on extraordinary flying
Pastoral banis under ors porte an here enso placere the
historícal basis under
main modern concept of UPO as a product of alien mind.
43. COPYRIGHT: ''Narody Azii i Afriki''. Izdateistvo "'Nauka''
Glavnaya redaktsiya vostochnoy literatury, 1989
UNCLASSIFIED
"a. in.!''
