{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T19:59:15Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 712351, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/c05516641-pdf-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "1f7b5aae055fd0be599ca88f87c58894e744e8d7afc1f18e66bbd7789406f817"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 2146, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174676
Page: 22
of 27
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1993
Document 19 of 19
Page
1
Classification:
UNCLASSIFIED
Status:
Document Date:
11 Jun 93
Category:
[STAT]
[CAT]
Report Type:
JPRS report
Report Number:
JPRS-TEN-93-019
Report Date:
UDC Number:
Headline: Readers Cite Instances of Radioactive Pollution
Source Line:
93VN0465B Moscow ROSSIYSKIYE VESTI in Russian 11 Jun 93
P 4
Subslug: [Articles contributed to Operation 'Radiation'']
PULL TEXT OF ARTICLE:
1. [Articles contributed to Operation ''Radiation' l
2. [Text] We have received the first responses from readers and
public ecological organizations to the appeal by "'Retsept'• to
establish a complete bank of information on past and possible
instances of radioactive contamination of the environment
(ROSSIYSKIYE VESII, No 96).
Operation 'Radiation'' is continuing.
We are interested in eye-witness accounts of the burial of
radioactive wastes, of accidents at nuclear facilities and
installations, and of cases of careless storage and misappropriation
of radioactive materials. These communications allow us to conduct
publicly open monitoring of the radiation situation in the country,
attracting the attention of the corresponding state bodies and the
public to these problems.
''People Must Not Be Forced to Live in a Nuclear Home,'' by N.
Mironova, coordinator of the 'Nuclear Safety'• movement, Chelyabinsk
4. It is difficult to overstate the importance of the problem raised
by ''Retsept.'' May God grant you the strength to take a sufficient
number of steps along this road before someone forces you to stop.
The things that were done by the Ministry of Atomic Power and
Ministry of Health in the Urals can be compared only with Stalinist
genocide. The criminal actions against morality and humanity
pra ra se ange is is hite it me reparable for
the effects it has upon the future.
Mountains of weapons have been forged in our country, and they
now playing an increasingly active role in "hot spots'' in
Russia. Obviously the critical mass has been exceeded. God forbid
that this wave will engulf our nuclear potential.
216
UNCLASSIFIED
approved for Release
2 2010

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 382, "chars": 2478, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174676
Page: 23
of 27
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1993
Document 19 of 19
Page
2
1. Our task is to reveal the full antihumanitarian nature of not
only the use but even the production of nuclear weapons. It is
precisely in the production stage that practical use of these weapons
against the peoples of our country occurs. This happens through
exposure of people to radioactive wastes dumped into the environment
at the stage of weapon production, through the consequences of
Russian territory by the former Union government. Nuclear uranium
and plutonium technology is extremely dirty and dangerous. Its danger
continues into the future, since radiation exposure weakens the
immune system and distorts genetic codes.
8.
Nuclear industry is insatiable. It requires increasingly larger
capital investments, and material and human resources. Just in terms
of capital outlays alone, 30 times more must be invested today than
20 years ago in freely convertible currency (dollars) to satisfy the
technical needs of nuclear power plants. Things have gotten even more
expensive in the fuel cycle in regard to storage and handling of the
large quantity of acidic highly radioactive wastes.
9. Can the population be excluded today from resolving the issues of
its future coexistence with nuclear industry, can it be passed over,
can its mood go unnoticed, can the results of referendums be ignored?
All of the people cannot be forced to live in a nuclear home. We will
never become accustomed to having our children die as sacrifices
brought before the nuclear altar.
hate our
10. All technology must be socially acceptable: Only this gives it
the right to state financing, to the support of taxpayers, who are
the ones who form the assets of the state. Social programs, both
medical and educational, are also financed from this same pocket. And
when the state is unable to find the money for social protection, but
offers interest-free loans for the construction of the Southern Ural
Nuclear Power Plant (134 billion rubles, or 10 times more than the
o2 potrical hd milary groupings upon t naturally come intence
question.
11. ''Can Catastrophe Be Predicted?'' by N. Novgorodtsev, Tomsk
12. In July 1984, 2 years before the tragedy at the Chernobyl NPP,
shop foreman Aleksandr Krasin had a nightmare about an explosion at
the fourth power unit of the CNPP. Krasin didn't say anything about
his dream to the power plant's leadership-he didn't want to end up in
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 414, "chars": 2806, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174676
Page: 24
of 27
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1993
Document 19 of 19
Page
3
a mental hospital. But what if he had attracted attention to his
dream? It is said that dreams whose content is revealed never come
true....
13. Iwo such accidents that never happened are described below. On
12 February 1992 SOVETSKAYA ROSSIYA published an article by I. Zhukov
titled ''Alarm Predicted,'' which made references to the ''St.
Petersburg departments'
Forecaste carting them undered eking to hate se
asserted that the leadership of the Leningrad Nuclear Power Plant was
intending to go to the procurator about the alarming rumors spread by
K. Butusov, the leader of the team of UPO researchers. The
interesting question is this: How far did the leadership get before
24 March, when the third power unit of the Leningrad Nuclear Power
Plant underwent an emergency shut-down, in which radioactive products
were released into the atmosphere?
14.
Note that information about the forthcoming accident was made
public, the most persistent public attention was directed at it, and
the accident did not occur at the predicted time. And the fact that
it happened later on anyway permits the suggestion that attraction of
attention to it ' forced'' it to proceed according to a 'milder'"
scenario. We find confirmation of this suggestion, which appears
strange at first glance, in an analysis of the Tomsk accident.
15. The Siberian Chemical Works, which produce weapon-grade
plutonium, are located in the city of Tonsk-7,
less than 30
kilometers from the oblast center of Tomsk. The accident that
occurred in 1993 in the radiochemical plant of these works caused the
entire world to shudder: ''A second Chernobyl!' the newspaper
headlines shouted. It was soon revealed that the newspapers had
overreacted somewhat, but who is about to throw stones at them,
considering that everyone remembers the criminal way in which the
scale of the Chernobyl catastrophe was concealed, causing people to
mistrust official information for a long time to come? And besides
that, many still have memories of the terrible rumors about an
impending superlarge accident at the Siberian Chemical Works.
Beginning in October 1989, Tomsk was literally engulied by a
wave of hysteria regarding an impending nuclear explosion at Tomsk-7.
The local newspapers published numerous articles on this topic.
17. These rumors did not circulate in Ionsk alone. I personall'
heard them
in Moscow at the ''Bioenergoinform-89,
conference in fall
1989 from Eduard Yermilov, chairman of the Nizhegorod section of the
Comnission to Study Anomolous Phenomena under the All-Union Council
of Scientific and Technical Societies, who reported that according to
information received by the commission, Natalya P., a medium from the
UNCLASSIFIED
.....

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2580, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174676
Page: 25
of 27
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1993
Docurent 19 of 19
Page 4
lty ol pavlodar, who cited ''extraterrestrial sources, '' prophesied
a grandiose explosion in Tomsk (10 Chernobyls!).
18. The date of the impending catastrophe was invariably set in
April 1990, although the date of the Tomsk explosion was predicted in
Novosibirsk as April 1993. Careful research on the sources of the
rumors, which we conducted in late 1989 and early 1990, shoved them
to be completely identical with the sources of the rumors that
erio-operation rosen horse. lein dirt gutsie foue source onk
rumors in the book-clairvoyants, mediums, spirits and hippies (an
altered state of consciousness). Ve revealed four sources of rumors
in Tomsk as well.
19. The first source consisted of clairvoyants and sensitives. The
newspapers cited authoritative prophets, particularly the prediction
made by Vanga from Bulgaria. When asked about it, Vanga rejected this
prediction outright.
On the other hand Viktor Vostokov, a doctor of
Tibetan medicine, who had predicted the Kishinev earthquake and the
"'Nakhimov' disaster, cautiously noted in a certain interview in
response to a question from a correspondent regarding future
surprises that he was very troubled by the Tomsk Nuclear Power Plant,
that something might possibly go wrong there.
20. Another source was mediums. In August 1989 Viktor L., the chief
engineer of the Tomsk Aviation Sports Club, took part in ferrying an
An-2 from Kharkov to Tonsk.
During the flight, under strange
circumstances he had telepathic contact with ''aliens,' who told him
of the catastrophe that was to befall Tomsk-7 on the first of April
1990.
21. Can we make use of such prognostic information obtained by such
unusual means? Mankind has wrestled with this since ancient times. It
would be sufficient to recall the temples of Asclepius, where every
person maintaining a vigil cloaked in skins had the chance to receive
a healing prescription during his sleep from Asclepius himself.
22.
More up-to-date concepts of prediction are being developed
today.
Many groups of specialists are working today in our country
on extrasensory predictions. Impressive results have been achieved
in a number of cases,
but on the average, barely one out of every
forty registered predictions is confirmed. Nonetheless, scientists
are attempting to lift the veil of secrecy from the mechanism of
acquiring prophetic information, including for preventing
: industrial
catastrophes.
23.
"A Settlement With
a Uranium View,'' by V. Anufriyeva, Kirov
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2859, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
000174676
Page: 26
of 27
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1993
Document 19 of 19
Page
5
24.
The settlement of Karintorf, near Kirovo-Chepetskiy, which was
founded by peat diggers back before the war, discovered that it
neighbored upon a uranium deposit.
25. Of course the concentration of uranium in the ore is negligible,
but the settlement's inhabitants do have grounds for concern.
26.
''They knew about the uranium since the 1960s, and they kept
silent about it for 30 years, and they would have continued to keep
silent about it as long as nothing went wrong. And in the meantime we
ecame something like experimental rabbits: They take blood samples
ake some sort of immunizations, and hang dosimeters in our homes,'
Aleksandi Sabrekov, the settlement's commandant, complained with
irritation.
27. The deposit is located only 2 or 3 kilometers from a residential
area. Before, there used to be peat digs here, while now there is a
field overgrown with brush. When I turned on my instrument, the
pointer fluctuated between 6 and 8 microroentgens. As we moved off
the road the pointer reached the 10 mark. On a thawed patch of dead
grass it jumped
to 15 R/hr. This was as high as it went.
Wherever I
turned, and wherever I lowered my 'mine detector,' the pointer
never rose above this mark. Does it make sense to raze settlement No
2 of Karintorf, as recommended by associates of the All-Russian
Geological Scientific Research Institute imeni Karpinskiy, who
surveyed the uranium deposit? By the way, in response to them, a
report by V. G. Dvernitskiy, a scientist
from the St. Petersburg
radioecological department, and E. Ya. Yakhnin, a prominent
geochemist with Sevzapekologiya, referred to this conclusion as
"surprising.' They feel that the ''recommendation (regarding the
razing of settlement No 2-V.A.) cannot be taken seriously, and it
does not provide any grounds for stopping life as usual in the
settlement.'' Another review of the research by the geologists
came
from Moscow. It was written by scientists of the department of
radiation hygiene of the Central Institute for Advanced Training of
Physicians-Professor V. Ya. Golikov, a member of the Russian
Scientific Commission on Radiation Safety, and docent S. I. Ivanov.
''We feel that the conclusions and suggestions spelled out by the
authors in paragraph 3 oi the conclusions (the reference is to razing
settlement No 2-V.A.)
are unsubstantiated and deeply wrong.''
28. Specialists of the oblast's center for state public health
inspection, who had doubts about the validity of the conclusions of
the geologists and who sent their report out for review, turned out
to be right: The danger was exaggerated, and there was no reason to
move the
inhabitants. But experts can vary in their opinions, and
perhaps it wouldn't hurt to take another look. The fate of settlement
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 360, "chars": 2439, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174676
Page: 27
Of 27
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1993
Document 19 of 19
Page
No 2 of Karintorf will depend in many ways on measurements of the
concentration of radon
in the homes and an evaluation of their
health. And for the time being, radiation monitoring has been
established in regard to food
products, drinking water and the
gamma-background of both
settlements belonging to the enterprise in
Karintorf.
29.
''Volga in a Ring of Nuclear Power Plants, ' by Professor S.
Butkov, chairman of the department of economic and social geography
of the Ulvanovsk Pedarorical Institute
30. The Kalinin, Kostroma, Gorkiy, Tatar, Bashkir, Dimitrovgrad and
Balakov nuclear power plants are operating, under construction or
planned for construction in the Volga-Kama basin.
31. The Scientific Research Institute of Atomic Reactors (NIIAR) has
been working in the city of Dimitrovgrad since 1961. It contains
eight reactors, of which five are scientific and three are
semi-industrial. Seven reactors are in operation. The output of the
nuclear power plant is 440,000 kilowatts. The NIIAR has 16 permanent
observation posts, including two in Ulyanovsk. Radioactive wastes are
pumped into the ground to a depth of 1,100-1,500 m. A
righ-temperature reactor to be used to process depleted fuel was to
e built in this city as well. The reactor needed around 100,000
tonnes of high-quality graphite. Its erection would have cost
approximately a billion rubles' worth of foreign currency.
we do not have the needed quantity of graphite and the corresponding
amount of money, the reactor was rejected.
32.
Radioactive neutron sources will be produced in Dimitrovgrac
lointly with the Chinese Atomic Energy Institute. The Chinese side
intends to supply the products to countries in Asia and the Near
East. The "radioactive dirt'• will remain in Russia.
33. In order to replenish the continually growing shortage of
electric and thermal
energy, scientists propose erecting an
gigacalories of thermal energy per hour.
one roates de try being dece
34.
Some of the nuclear power plants in the Volga region were built
on ground that is unsuitable in geological respects, and even simply
dangerous, often in direct proximity to active faults, and at the
intersections of river systems, where an abundance of water is
observed. Consequently we risk a misfortune on the Volga that would
be dozens of times more terrible than Chernobyl.
UNCLASSIFIED
