{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T16:17:31Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 582697, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/c05516665-pdf-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "e9b9ba76c0b2da03c26000170667ea6542e786d94ba9422a3a23da9b9d6d6006"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 303, "chars": 2236, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174743
:
Page: 19
of 28
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992.
Document 13 of 20
Page
1
Classification:
UNCLASSIFIED
Status:
Document Date:
06 Oct 92
Category:
[STAT]
(CAT)
Report Type:
JPRS report
Report Date:
Report Number:
FBIS-USR-92-136
UDC Number:
luthor(s): G. Sapozhnikova, KOMSOMOLSKAYA PRAVDA correspondent:
'Autumn Double-Dealing: New Turn of Events 1l
Russian-Estonian Relations' ' 1
Headline:
Relations With Russia Take a Turn
Source Line: 93UN0051A Moscow KOMSOMOLSKAYA PRAVDA in Russian 6 Oct
92 p 3
Subslug:
[Article by G. Sapozhnikova, KOMSOMOLSKAYA PRAVDA
correspondent: 'Autumn Double-Dealing: New Turn of Events
in Russian-Estonian Relations' ' ]
PULL TEXT OF ARTICLB:
1. [Article by G. Sapozhnikova, KOMSOMOLSKAYA PRAVDA correspondent:
"Autumn Double-Dealing: New Turn of Events in Russian-Estonian
Relations' ' 1
2. {Text] Autumn in Estonia is quite different than in Russia.
3. Tallinn stil smells ot roses, not poverty. A single Estonian
kroon, like a single ruble, will buy virtually nothing-just a
newspaper or a rose, whichever you prefer. The sweet taste of
overripe bananas and grilled chicken, the plastic bags bearing store
logos in brand-name stores, the relatively full shelves and the
numerous price reductions
and sales: Tallinn is becoming a city for
the rich. The everyday nationalism in stores has disappeared without
a trace. Nowadays you can speak any language, even Swahili, and they
will understand you and respond-just as long as you buy something.
going into stores in Estonia has
do, just to look,
and in both places some salesman immediately asks:
"'Can I help you?''
4. True, the produce situation is not very good-still not up to the
level it was under the communists. Soon it will probably get even
worse, because the Russian government intends to impose economic
sanctions on Estonia which
"will not affect the interests of
ordinary Estonian citizens.'' As an example of those sanctions
Russian government press
secretary Gennadiy Shipitko mentioned
Russian refusal to accept Estonian agricultural products. Now the
Estonian people's age-old dream will finally come true-they will no
longer have to feed their neighbor to the east.
UNCLASSIFIED
Approved for Release 32
2/2010

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 3018, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174743
Page: 20
of 28
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Document 13 of 20
Page
2
5. The Russian side is behaving in an interesting manner all around.
Pirst it sets a deadline for verification of respect for the rights
of ethnic minorities
in Estonia-the elections slated for 20
September. Then, on 7 September, it concludes a free trade agreement
with Estonla-perhaps forgetting its previous intention? For two years
orior to this time it has been signing a massive number of agreements
rith Estonia and lovously arreeing with the Estonian side's
reasoning, i.e that all those who are dissatisfied with the new
Estonian democracy are not Russians, they are Soviets. Ihe comrades
do not understand. Then suddenly Russia remembers that it has
forgotten its ethnic offspring scattered around the national
peripnery, takes a dlametrically opposed stance and begins activel
lefending its ethnic kinsmen. Ioo late, brothers: thanks to effort.
by the Estonian side European public opinion is already formed. And
the world, despite Russia's desperate gestures, readily agrees: no,
the 'guest workers'" should not be given the right to vote. It was
recently reported that Europe has decided to fight illegal
immigration,
and 10 and behold- Estonia is already going around
acting as if it were quietly engaged in repatriation of its illegal
immigrants, i.e. everyone who arrived in the republic after 1940. It
would be interesting-if it does in fact do that-to find out if
Yeltsin recalls how in January 1991 during a visit to Tallinn he
refused to meet with the local Russian population. Or how he printed
handbills in Estonia at a time when he was forbidden to do so in
Russia. Did Estonian minister of foreign affairs Jaan Manitski kindly
remind the world community of that at a recent session of the U.N.
General Assembly?
6. The Russian-Estonian ''cold war'• is becoming international in
nature. Formerly the
two ministries of foreign affairs merely
"'exchanged shots' via diplomatic notes, but now they are operating
out in the open. All Kozyrev and his team had to do was raise the
issue of human rights violations before the U.N., and Manitski
immediately responded with a counter-speech, saying he supposedly
could not understand why Kozyrev was demanding that voting rights be
given to citizens of other states. And that the term ''ethnic
minority', in no way extends to foreign workers and colonists. So
that is how it is. According to him, Russia's firm stance
dictated by a desire to preserve its
military influence in Estonia at
all costs. That is the purpose of the international campaign
demanding Estonian citizenship for citizens of Russia, so that Russia
will retain the right to act as their patron.' To which Kozyrev
retorted just before flying out of New York: "Our Baltic neighbors
are resorting to the old soviet tactic of crying 'you're one, too'
instead of discussing existing problems.''
7. Truly amazing metamorphoses. I recall that about three years ago
UNCLASSIFIED
.."....
..:.
•...

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 2857, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174743
Page: 21
of 28
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Document 13 of 20
Page
3
the most derogatory word in Estonia was ''Kremlin,'' the situation
was depicted like this: in Russia there were a handful of sinister
forces and a sea of healthy ones (1.e. the ones that supported
Estonia), and they were fighting among themselves, and the healthy
ones would prevail. Now it is the same picture, except that the
Iormerly nealthy Iorces have somehow become sinister. But now new,
abstract healthy forces are on Estonia's side,
immediately withdraw the occupation troops, recognize the Tartu Peace
Ireaty (and along with it the border which includes the ancient
Estonian cities of Izborsk, Pechory and Ivan-gorod) and facilitate
the voluntary return of Russia's citizens to their homeland.
provisionally, since only 17 candidates out of 101 garnered enough
votes to be elected.
The rest got into parliament with the help of
the "redirected'' votes of their fellow party members, because
Estonian election law is oriented toward team play. As a result there
are people in parliament who got only 50-60 votes, while some
candidates who got 3,000 votes or more did not make it. Under this
system none of the independent candidates could get elected. One
pleasant surprise was the victory of the royalist party, which unites
many of Estonia's best-known humorists under its banner.
9. It will be pleasant to visit the Estonian State Assembly, because
our newspaper has many acquaintances there: writer Jaan Kross, poet
Jaan Kaplinski and UPO enthusiast Tunne Kelam. Pianist Vardo Rumessen
was the one who this past winter, when there was nothing at all to
eat in the republic, appealed for an end to the sale of Russian
bread. Marg Nutt is head of the Estonian delegation to the Conference
on Security and Cooperation in Europe.
He is the one who has
attempted to prove to the world that Russians here are the same as
Turks living in Germany. Kalle Kulbok, the royalist leader, is an
inspector with the Official Language Department. Back in the spring
he demonstratively ripped down a sign reading "'Bistro' from a Swiss
cafe and fervently demanded that the owners write the word
Estonian-style, i.e. with a double ''o.' Pastor Hallaste is the
author of the idea of making foreigners in both Last and lest equal
Renember how in early June the Estonian Republic attempted to demanc
$30 from each CIS citizen for an entry visa just as it does fron
Americans? And, finally, there is Jaanus Raidal, the youthful mayor
oi the city of Otepaa, who is preparing to destroy kussia, China anc
Great Britain, build an air bridge between Groznyy and Tartu, anc
reorient Otepaa's industry toward weapons production.
Today Jaanus Raidal, as a full-fledged member of the Estonian
parliament, is declaring
political
war on Russia. Since some Russian
UNCLASSIFIED
i :.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 227, "chars": 1489, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174743
Page: 22
of 28
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Document 13 of 20
Page 4
politicians have
mentioned the fact that they do not recognize the
new Estonian parlianent because one-third of the republic's
population did not participate in the election, Raidal has mentioned
in reply that he does not recognize the Russian parliament, either.
fis logic is that since it was elected while the Soviet Union still
existed, the present membership oi parliament does not reflect
reality, specifically the confederative structure of Russia, the fact
of Chechnya's and Tatarstan's independence and small peoples'
striving for autonomy. Jaanus, as a figure of some importance in
politics, is declaring that he does not recognize a parliament that
is out of touch with the people, that the Estonian delegation will
not go to Moscow for negotiations any more because St. Petersburg is
Russia' capital, and
that henceforth Estonia will reach agreements
with each oblast capital and each people individually and will only
deign to direct its attention to Moscow and the Russian parliament
after new elections have been held.
11. In view of the highly eccentric composition of the new Estonian
representative organ, and knowing Jaanus as I do, I can be certain
that he really will do everything he says.
12. As This Issue Went to Press
towar the redicate stone is abande to finland ad oreny
minister of foreign affairs, has been elected President of the
Estonian Republic.
UNCLASSIFIED
