{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T13:31:53Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 493002, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/c05517723-pdf-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "638ba2df31525e1543e69919239135f4df81da8789b77cdc5b654b0ad699d302"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 556, "chars": 3554, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00212889
** Docunent 35 of 25 for EBIS ***
DOCN 000573950
EBIS FBIS UNNUMBERED
FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
CLAS UNCLAS
SUBJ
-
/l/have psychotic breaks."
UK: U.S. Use of 'Psychic Spies' Reported (Take 4 Of 5)
SERI LD2708141095
TEXT
(EBIS Transcribed Text] Lt ?~ recovered, and remains on active
duty but stubblebine retired from the Army in 1984 to become an
executive at BDM Corporation a washington-area defence and
intelligence contractor.
He left BDM a few years ago, and now lives
in New YoIk, where he is married to Rina Laibow, a controversial
rosychiatrist who has Claimed that she is a UFO abduction victim. But
the damage had been done. "Bert gave renote-viewing a bad name,
because of all the other stuff he was involved in, " says a former
senior Pentagon official
who knew him.
And although the unit never
left its offices at Fort Meade, by 1985 it had been expelled from
the Army.
It still had its supporters, notably Jack Vorona, chief
of the DIa's science and technology directorate, who had since 1978
been the overall head of the renote-viewing programme.
The DIA took
the Fort Meade unit under its wing, the project was renamed Center
Lane, and later,
Sun Streak, and Vorona now exerted more direct
control of the Fort Meade unit.
For the remote-viewers, this was a
fortunate development. Vorona was a man who was widely respected
throughout the intelligence conmunity, and with him watching over
it, the unit seemed safe from outside Ihreats.
But what of inside threats?
Although Stubblebine was gone, his
spirit lingered, and in the mid and late 1980s, the unit seemed to
take on a garish tinge.
In its first few years under DIA management
the unit included the
"witches, ", two women called Angela Dellafiora
and Robin Dahlgren. Dellafiora eschewed remote-viewing and instead
"channelled" her psychic data through a group of entities with names
like "Maurice" and "George".
Dahlgren practiced tarot-card reading.
In the eyes of Ed Dames and Mel Riley, Angela achieved an undue
influence on the unit when she began to give personal channelling
sessions, featuring advice on the most intimate matters of their
lives, to Jack Vorona and other officials. "Jack Vorona would sit at
one end of the table,
and Angela at the other, " recalls Dames. "She
would say, 'Good morning, Di Vorona. Maurice says hello!""
"Their eyes would be shining when they came out of those
sessions," recalls Riley.
"They were told all the nice things they
wanted to hear, which reinforced Angela's position within the unit."
"Psychic blowjobs, " says Ed Dames, referring to the activities of
Angela and Robin.
Io witness them, he told me, and the other antics
of "the witches", was "too much to bear for professional military
officers".
But Dames as much as anyone was caught up in the
transiormationa, dynamic oi remote-viewing.
A linguist - his forte was Chinese - and former INSCOM
intelligence officer, Ed Dames was one of the group that had been
trained in the early Eighties by Ingo Swann at SRI.
With his blond
haiI,
more
California accent, and preternaturally boyish face, be looke Approved for Release
like a teenage surfer than a soldier.
Although widely
considered intelligent and creative, he also seemed, like
2 / 2010
Stubblebine, to have an impulsive streak.
"Everybody sort of looked
loose cannon, " says Mel Riley.
"I was in trouble all the
time, anywhere I went, " agrees Dames. "I was always pushing the
envelope."
certainly, despite his professed disiaste for the New Ageishnes:
f Vorona and the "Witches", Dames was frustrated by the increasin

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2926, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00212889
scarcity of operational taskings.
ample spare time at the
unit.
remote-vieving techniques to exercise his own
*spiritual and extraterrestrial interests. "Under the guise of
'advanced training,'" he says, "I began to see what (remote-viewing|
could do.
You know what I mean?"
Dames' s advanced training
"targets" included apparitions
Of the Virgin Mary, the demise of
Atlantis ("it's at the bottom of Lake Titicaca, " says Dames), the
"Loch Ness monster ("a dinosaur's ghost"), and a great many
*saucers.
"He would tell me a lot of things about Martians, "
remembers Dames's now estranged wile Christine.
"I didn't want to
hear about it."
While Dames was at the Fort Meade unit, stoiies began to
circulate about certain "unusual experiences" during remote-viewing
sessions, particularly those engaged on "advanced training" targets.
"I think he had some
kind of experiences, some kind
of disturbances
from
unknown spirits, " remembers Christine Dames.
"But he didn't
care - he welcomed the challenge."
"We thrived on adventure, " Dames remembers proudly. "You get men
of action — we're not satisfied with sitting
around and twiddling
our thumbs year after year, " says Dames.
"Unless something happens,
you're going to lose our interest.
But there was enough happening
in there to hold our interest."
Dames left the unit in 1989, and formed a company, Psi Tech, to
make commercial use of his remoie-viewing skills.
were few and far between. He separated from his wife and moved to
Albuquerque, New Mexico, believing that the nearby deserts harboured
a hidden Martian civilisation.
A wilderness prophet for our time,
he predicted to the local media that in August 1992, the aliens
would arise from their desert drellings, shocking the world. When I
saw him in 1994, Ed Dames was almost out of money.
MOSI OF the remote-viewers I've talked to are willing to admit,
when pressed,
that their craft does have its psychiatric hazards. As
with any prolonged and forced alteration of consciousness, it
promotes altered states and a geneíal mental instability, and thus
can be dangerous for those who are inherently unstable.
point out that in the absence of regular independent verification,
remote-viewing can quickly become a generator of idiosyncratic
fantasy.
As Mel Riley says, "Without feedback, your remote-viewing
turns to shit."
And without proper oversight, it seems, the remote-viewing
programme turned foul, too, slowly strangled by its own isolation.
Following the Irangate scandal of 1987, Defense Secretary Frank
Carlucci had instituted a wide-ranging review of potentially
embarrassing pentagon programs, and in 1988, a Defense Department
Inspector General's (IG) : team descended on the renote-viewing unit's
offices, demanding to see the files.
(more)
(THIS REPORT MAY CONTAIN COPYRIGHTED MATERIAL. COPYING AND
DISSEMINATION IS PROHIBIIED WITHOUT PERMISSION OF THE COPYRIGHI
27 AUG 1610z
NINN NANN
=EOD=33x
