{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T14:07:37Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 20, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1513176, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/c05517515-pdf-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "63c9ca10f15092658d4f25e121efac081c851378c00347fafc46d3c4a9abd095"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 2201, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 22
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page
1
Classification:
UNCLASSIFIED
Status:
Document Date:
08 Jul 88
eport Type
JPRS Report
Category:
[STAT]
[CAT]
Report Date:
eport Number
JPRS-USS-89-004
UDC Number:
Author (s): SOTSIOLOGICHESKIYE ISSLEDOVANIYA deputy chief editor
Gennadiy Batygin; time and place not specified]
Headline:
The Time Is Favorable...' A Conversation with a Priest o
he Russian Orthodox Churc
Source Line: 18060002 Moscow SOTSIOLOGICHESKIYEISSLEDOVANIYA in
Russian No 4, Jul-Aug 88 (signed to press 8 Jul 88) PP
38-49
Subslug:
at the Leningrad Seminary for Monastic Priests, by
SOTSIOLOGICHESKIYE ISSLEDOVANIYA deputy chief editor
FULL TEXT OF ARTICLE:
1. (Text] In 1988 at
the initiative of UNESCO, not only Christians
but also people of various religious and political convictions mark
the millennium of the Christianization of Russia (988-1988). This
date is is propitious occasion for thinking realisticarly about the
problems of religious life in the USSR. As is known, the basic
principles and practice of its state regulation were established in
circumstances that were most unfavorable for realism.
This is
exactly why up to
now it has been very difficult to eliinate the
"'zone of silence'' that has existed here and to call a spade a
spade. A mutual desire to deal with this complexity was expressed at
the meeting between CPSU Central Committee General Secretary M.S.
Gorbachev and the Patriarch of Moscow and all Russia, Pimen, and
members of the Boly Synod of the Russian Orthodox Church.
2.
Public interest is growing in questions of the interrelationship
between religion and culture, ethics and politics. Under the
new hope de being ora. A dialogo on these gropes 1% Rets and
doctor of philosophical sciences, deputy chief editor of
SOTSIOLOGICHESKIYE ISSLEDOVANIYA, Gennadiy Batygin and candidate of
theology, teacher at the Leningrad Seminary for Monastic Priests,
Innokentiy.
[Batygin] Your Reverence, first of all I would like to say a few
words about why I asked you to hold this conversation. "hen I was
still a student in the philosophy faculty at the Moscow State
313
UNCLASSIFIED
Approved for Release
2/2010

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 500, "chars": 3117, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 23
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page 2
University I, and the overwhelming majority of my fellow students,
and perhaps even the teachers, had only a quite vague idea about
priests in the church. The view of priests as tricksters and
disseminators of spiritual narcotics, a unique kind of 'spiritual
raw brandy''-a view traditional for the proclaimed ideological
stereotypes--could be clearly discerned in this vagueness. This idea
prevented us from any dialogue with you in the press. For a long time
an invisible but quite rígid line of prohibition was drawn between
me, a sociologist, and you, a pastor of the Russian Orthodox Church.
It also seemed to me that you were separated not only from the state
but also from the usual life of laymen, or at least that. you had no
contact with our daily problems. Only once did I think about this
when the now late Valentin Ferdinandovich Asmus, the teacher of
my teachers, for some reason put aside his exercise books and talked
to us, the second-year students, about the meaning of the words
"Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.' The meaning of the
words from the Sermon on the Mount has not been reduced and it set
down roots through the millennia. And each day, including today, we
face the eternal problems. One of them is the search for truth.
this regard
our dialogue today is extremely topical and essential for
the process of renewal, because apart from anything else, renewal
also means a return to values that are eternal but subject to doubt.
Dialogue is essential for joining the strength of belie ers and
non-believers in solving urgent and vital question. And we have many
believers in the
country-- from 15 percent to 60 percent of the
population in various regions.
4. Today, in the atmosphere of glasnost and democratization we are
learning to deal with voluntarist stereotypes that have compelled us
not only to accept the inevitable as the reality but also pretend
that many of the processes
that do not fit into the ideological mold
of the "'new man'' somehow do not exist at all. This also applies in
full to the reproduction of religious values--the so-called
individual vestiges. I think that we rightly talk about the
coexistence of a religious culture and a secular culture in Soviet
society, and a diversity of types of perceptions of the world--a
diversity that cannot be reduced to some scheme of ''the scientific
and the nonscientific.'' How can this very complex sociulogical
problem be resolved?
First and foremost by not dramatizing the
differences in views that are well known and by seeking out what it
is that unites us. And what unites us is responsibility for the
future, the desire to preserve the cultural heritage, and belief in
the need to renew life and general human spiritual values.
restructuring is not easy. Even recently, when the editorial
office of the journal SOTSIOLOGICHESKIYE ISSLEDOVANIYA asked you to
enter into discussion with the well-known American Sovietologists and
relirious expert William Fletcher about believers in the USSR, it was
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 432, "chars": 2741, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 24
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page 3
terrible for me: what might happen! The stereotype of "cavalry»
propaganda--with bells on.-- enrooted in the consciousness hampers
us: believers and church people are either stupid or have unseemly
designs. Soviet people should know that the church is separated from
the state but not separated from society. In this connection your
view on sociological problems in the spiritual life of our fellow
citizens and your position as a theological scholar, historian and
simply a man
are of undoubted
interest.
6. [Innokentiy] Forgive me, but the last-named position seems to me
dialogue. Any ''churchman,
in out country lives in the same social conditions as any person. As
a citizen he is subject to the same legal standards and social laws.
Perhaps the ''proud stare of the foreigner'' of an American
Sovietologist would not catch this, but for us this should be
obvious.
7. With regard to the ''stereotype of cavalry propaganda, ' for you,
a sociologist,
it is no secret what its influence has been
shaping of the intellectual climate and ideological standards. At
least your early ideas about us, the clerics of the Russian Orthodox
Church, bore, I would say,
the veneer of a certain romanticism, and
the propaganda to which you refer could hardly have counted on that.
In fact,
the alluring prospect was separated from the hustle and
bustle of this world. But as you rightly noted, an invisible but
quite rigid line of prohibition was in fact drawn between us. It
exists even now in the consciousness of many, including quite
respected people. A more critical look at the line between the
"permitted'' and the 'banned'' will, I hope, help in some degree to
place in its proper perspective the question of freedom of choice and
assessment of the cultural legacy.
8. (Batygin] You mentioned freedom. F. Engels wrote that free will
is the ability to make decisions from a position of knowledge. But it
would seem that people have different knowledge and a different
perception of exactly the same realities of life. There are probably
even people today who would like to force you to abandon your
religious convictions and enforce a
at all be cose religion orch as seria ten overcome, not
interferes with their lives; they are obsessed with concern for what
is near and dear to them, its ''ideological maturity,'' and
ultimately,
"all-around and harmonious development.''
Here we are not dealing only with religion. We ofter encounter an
alternative postulation, as, for example, one that is far from being
a private issue: are you for perestroyka or against it? This kind of
open and naive sociologism seems to be generally radical and
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 378, "chars": 2317, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 25
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Of 53
Document 2 of 3
Page 4
rouble 15 that almost everyone 1s Ior perestroyka... Including thos
ho are for coercive assertion of the liideal., I have a cause fo
nethod of polemic? Again we see how the destructive forces are
rowing, how some people want to find "'the enemy,' hor they try te
10. We have become accustomed to living by creating within ourselves
a wordy mythical set of scenery and we fear to look there behind the
scenery bathed in artificial light, into the shadow cast by the
scenery, into the unlighted and gloomy space where we find the
"kitchen'' of the play being performed: into the semi-darkness quite
different from the nuances of the producer and the technical and
rhetorical equipage.
Now it is becoming obvious that we are
simultaneously the audience and the actors in this spectacle of life,
and that it serves no purpose to point the finger at anyone. The
devil often turns up behind the most desperate ''fighter.''
11. However, the process of renewal is irreversible. The link of
time is being restored and we are beginning to look into history for
the real causes of human tragedy. A re-evaluation of values is taking
place, including the values of the past, and it is difficult and
painful. Obviously this is the way it should be: memory is ambiguous;
it depends on what we want to see in the past and on the kind of
intellectual and moral baggage with which we move into the past.
12.
[Innokentiy] When preparing our students at the theological
schools in the Moscow Patriarchy, for a number of historical
the task of giving them a serious philosophical training has not been
brought up. Therefore although you recalled the definition of free
will, what came to mind for me was a definition of freedom in
ros one or the dirch
general, one that I heard from one of the church bishops at a recent
and spirituality devoted to
restored by human hands? The real reasons for human tragedies are now
clear to many, and perhaps they were earlier.
13. You talk about the irreversibility of the renewal of life in our
country. Here,
it would seem that boundless prospects are being
opened up for the unsophisticated gaze.
Just the mere formulation
"'re-evaluating the cultural-historical legacy'' is worth it. For a
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 399, "chars": 2669, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 26
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page 5
desire to 1o0k at the past in and of itself imposes an ''intellectual
and ethical bagrare.' You have probably recently been hearing, ever
when standing in line, about the 'permanent value of the cultural
Legacy:'' I suspect that no none, including people with a "'higher
education,'' can provide a clear definition of these concepts.
14. It is as if everything were intuitively clear. I recall the shy
servant Ivan Ivanovich Brilliantov, who late in the last century made
known the long-since closed and almost deserted Ferapontov monastery.
He not only drew attention to our ecclesiastical, historical and
cultural holy things but in 1918 even traveled there from Petrograd
so as to continue the work on its restoration despite everything.
15. The priests Pavel Florenskiy and Mikhail Shik, and Count Yu.A.
Olsufev. We have no right to forget their role in the preservation of
the Troitsa-Sergiyev Monastery.
Professor I. Ye. Yevseyer of the
Petrograd Theological Academy, who sponsored a scientific publication
of the Slavic Bible and raised the question of a more perfect Russian
translation of it. Academician N.K. Nikolskiy, who as long ago as
1902 embarked on
the titanic work of preparing a collection of the
works of Russian writers since ancient times. If historical
circumstances made it possible to accomplish merely the undertakings
mentioned, the question of the cultural legacy would be clearer for
US.
16. However, this does not at all mean that in our times our culture
does not have its devotees. Thus, for example, Marina Sergeyevna
Serebryakova and her associates are heroically preserving the
Cathedral of Our Lady in Vologda Oblast, with its frescoes of
Dionysius--the only complete architectural and artistic ensemble
dating from the 15th century.
17. The conference that I mentioned, which was attended not only by
theologians but also philologists and historians from scientific
centers abroad and from Moscow University and the USSR Academy of
Sciences, showed that the tasks of preserving monuments of Russian
national
and general human importance can be resolved despite the
obvious historical losses..
18.
But let us return to the theme of "prohibition." For the
ent tomen o scat retarion i sir the field of it i tal
environment of social
relations. Here we are dealing with an unambiguous division between,
Í I may expresses it thus,
If a certain see of atheistic studies on religion and of cecta t
popular works on the history of ancient Russian literature and the
arts. What I have in mind is the division between religious content
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 469, "chars": 2860, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 27
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page
6
and the esthetic forms of works.
19. IBatygin, But this Is obvious to many people. In the secular
literature
it is accepted that we distinguish between the icon as a
ult object and as an artistic image.
"Devotion to the Virgin Mary'' icon in the Tretyakov Gallery. Thej
say that the icon exhibited there represents an esthetic, and only an
esthetic, value.'
'Of course, for an understanding of the esthetic
value of the 'Devotion'' it is necessary to be aware of the
symbolism of the icon. At least it is essential to be able to
distinguish between the ''Devotion'' and the ''Oranta.
20.
[Innokentiy] Well, this is simple. What is not understood is
something else: how can the religious content of works of
ecclesiastical art be torn away and the perception of its esthetic
form retained? And if you call to mind the iconography of
the Holy
Mother, permit me to note that the only argument cited in the
literature in favor of this kind of dívision is that the
representation is ''as if alive.'' That is all! I do not see any
serious grounds for so categorical a division between the religious
and the esthetic. Depending
on your convictions, you may believe, for
example, in the 'phenomenalism'' of the icon and cross yourself or
simply experience a shock from its inner depth. But in any event it
is essential to understand the meaning instated in the whole work,
without reservations of the ''on the one hand.. and on the other
hand...'' type. Unfortunately, the revival of interest in the culture
of the past here is being combined with a horrifying lack of
knowledge about the elementary questions of doctrine and religious
practice.
21. [Batygin] There can be no doubt that we should all know as much
as possible
about the history of our own people.
Intellectual
darkness and ignorance, of course, can become a basis for atheism,
but who needs this kind of atheism? If orthodoxy is our traditional
doctrine we must have an adequately complete idea about its dogma and
religious practice. However,
Islam, Judaism, Catholicism, a number of
Protestant denominations, Buddhism, and Shamanism also uxist in the
USSR, and no one would be hindered from learning about them at what
might be called first hand rather than just from the ''Atheist's
Handbook.' Yes, I have in mind freedom to teach and study religion,
which is not banned by soviet law. What is banned is another matter.
Without going into the niceties of the legislation on cults--and
there are many "niceties' here--let me say that we are still not
observing full glasnost in this sphere.
I would like to touch on another subject about which they prefer
to remain silent. Sooner or later death comes to every person. Many
people have a materialistic attitude toward this but there are people
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 2921, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 28
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page 7
who need confession, even if only for consolation. Attempts to talk
seriously about replacing the words of a pastor with some greater
effectiveness for some ritual service seem to me cynical.
23. However, the main thing promoting the elimination of the ''line
of prohibition'' is possession of information. No prohibitions on
knowledge are in line with the legal establishments of i civilized
society, but our need for knowledge about religion is very great.
This can be seen from the great demand for books that provide a
scientific description of religious doctrine, hopefully without
commentaries that are insulting for believers and unpleasant to read
even for a person with no religious convictions. I happened to
encounter a certain variety of coercive-- phantasmagoric!--blasphemy•
Glued into a book of quotations from Holy Scripture... Here it was,
the "'wiles of history''! The quotations cut from books that are the
apotheosis of senseless cynicism triumphant--Leo Taksil's "'The Bible
for Laughs'' and ''The Gospel for Laughs.'' Truly they know not what
they do.
24. We find the sources of the Russian literary tradition in
Metropolitan Ilarion's
''The Word of the Law and Heaven. ' Why then
today, when the recreation of our cultural legacy is taking place by
moving toward truth and life is the Bible--the book that mankind has
held in reverence for millennia (and today in many countries in the
world oaths are sworn on the Bible, and not at all out of
naivete)--if not banned here, then in extremely short supply? What if
its content is far remote from dialectical materialisn and historical
materialism. What if someone does not accept that the Werd is
divinely inspired; a person reading even a small part of it must
experience the illumination of true light, that state of
"trepidation'' (I use the words of S.S. Averintsev, spoken by him
with respect to a contemporary "rethinking'' of the topic of the
Gospels) that arises when one is concerned with a miracle. I am
convinced that despite the shifts that have been planned, the problem
remains what might be called painful. The Bible is essential not only
for the millions of believers but for any person of culture.
5. Confessing a taith is another matter. Ihis is a matter o1
ersonal choice and freedom of conscience. The issue is quite clear
even less today, bans the study of doctrine and the
history of religion. At least our and your generations do not
remember the times when churches were being destroyed.
26. [Innokentiy] But the issue is not clear to me. Here you have a
newspaper cutting on your desk. Let me read the ABC that reminded me
of my own candidness. The author writes that the people should knos
neir own history, their own heroes. Then he points out the
directions of social thinking that ''they understand'' differently.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 402, "chars": 2675, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 29
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page 8
Here: ''The fourth direction (for myself, let me add: I as a
Christian and an Orthodox theologian follow this direction) unearths
and restores the old Orthodox times. Not only what is artistically
beautiful (on which there is no argument, it is essential) but
everything Orthodox, 'sacred.' And for this we count from 1917. It
really was a turning point, including for the 'sacred'; it really did
'cut the ground away' from under the 'sacred.' And if Orthodoxy is
regarded as our history then, yes, this history was indeed cut away
from under, and rightly so.' This was written not in the years of
repression
but today, in the period of perestroyka.
27. Forgive me for such an extensive quote, but I want to show you
that the "ideology of cutting the ground away'' is also well known
to our generation. As if someone has a supreme prerogative to show
people what can be ''unearthed'" in history and what cannot, a
prerogative to sort out the historical past into the "beautiful'
and the ''old Orthodox times.''
Here is another example testifying at least to the lack of
understanding of religious culture.
Early this year the draft
"Provisions on Procedure for Publishing Books, Brochures and
Publications by Authors'' was published.
To some it seems a bold
step in the direction of democratization. But see how deeply the
stereotypes have eaten into the consciousness. The author cannot use
his own facilities to publish books 'propagandizing war, violence,
national dissension, racial or national exclusivity, or
religious-mystical doctrines at variance with the principles of
communist morality and ethics.' This list speaks for itself through
the commas. Religious-philosophical literature is set side by side
with works at variance with constitutional principles. The present
Constitution permits absolutely all citizens to confess their own
faith and religious propaganda (despite a widely held opinion) is
nowhere banned by present legislation. But freedom for atheistic
propaganda has long since become the ''talk of the town.'•
29. [Batygin] Permit me, but various religious organizations have
the opportunity to make use of state printing houses...
30.
(Innokentiy] And have you seen many publications put out by
religious organizations, or tried to acquire them?
31. [Batygin] I saw the church calendar in your office, but I have
not tried to acquire a Bible, or rather "get hold'' of one from a
speculator.
[Innokentiy] Meanwhile the publishing section of the Moscow
Patriarchy has no opportunity to provide Orthodox Christians even
with a church calendar.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2416, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 30
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page
9
However, let us return to the question of question the Russian
spiritual legacy. We have dwelled on the fact that we do have
scholars, laymen and church people devoted to the cause of preserving
the monuments of history. Interest in ancient Russian is growing in
the consciousness of the people. You have on your bookshelf a
beautifully bound, compact and inexpensive edition of the ''Irinity''
anthology compiled by G.I. Vzdornov-- the highest achievement of
ancient Russian art. Thank God that there is not so much foreign text
similar publications.
34. No, I am in no way against propaganda of our art abroad. But it
is quite obvious that it is primarily the Russian people who shoul
e given broad access to their own history and culture. Do what you
will, it is still impossible to separate the lofty beauty of the
'Trinity''--the icons--from the idea of the Divine Irinity. Permit
me to open the book and read one piece: ''The image determines the
balance found between the soul and the spirit, the flesh and
ethereality, feeling and thought, life and death, suffering and the
passionless, eternal and immortal existence in heaven. And because of
its amazing multiple layers, equaled nowhere else, Rublev's 'Irinity'
has been and remains equally arresting both for the theological
scholar and for the ordinary person who looks in it for an image of
consolation when building his own life.''
35. (Batygin] Obviously no one has the right to dictate to a person
the method whereby he perceives cultural values. He must also take
up freedom of choice, and responsibility for his own position in
life. Perhaps I am mistaken,
exist in an atmosphere of rigid prohibitions and proscriptions, in an
atmosphere in which there is no burden of choice, and hence no
responsibility to one's own conscience and to people. ''Authorized
freedom'' frees us of responsibility.
If it is said that ancient
orthodoxy is bad then there is no need to think or doubt: ''cutting
the ground from under one's feet'" (the very phrase is not only
symbolic but also ominous and factious--it is common knowledge that
during the period of repression the believers shared totally in the
fate of their own people).
36. A proclaimed "truth'' about the reactionary nature of "'the
Cordine as, and at the saan cho a tetirezalon deale penie...
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2468, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 31 of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page 10
reason and turn the people into a mob. There is no place for the
individual here. The monolithic massif discards and destroys
individuality and ' 'differentness.'• And all the same, religion is
the main thing that enables a person to find within himself the
faith. Even the daily expectation that they will force him to silence
by knocking away the stool from under him or by some other method
After the san far as a matter of religioster eyer okay.
and monolithic to the point of impermeability. But the times are
changing. The process of revival of the cultural legacy and of the
historical memory of the people is under way. We are also observing a
revival of religious values, even if in the form of the attraction of
neophytes. Here it is important to see the ground on which the fruits
of freedom of thought are growing--''by their fruits ye shall know
them.'' This is not simply because now in the social atmosphere there
is too much that is superficial, some kind of cursory parboiling; it
is also benighted calm deep down.
Let me give you an example. Various kinds of debating clubs,
societies, associations and circles are now springing up like
after the rain. A huge hall is filled to overflowing, and
the social scientists and journalists stand there on the stage. A
professor explains how to combine the plan and the market, how the
predictions have been made. He is given a few minutes up there on the
stage, with the lamp burning, and when th public gets bored the
speaker looks around cautiously... And already the hall is impatient
and someone whistles from somewhere. But although the professor is a
experienced person he does not know how to control the audience. And
then it is all over: disruption! Disruption of the economy,
disruption of the family, disruption of the school, disruption of
science, disruption of culture, disruption of atomic power... Let the
Ministry of Defense take it all under public control! The hall
explodes with applause, eyes water, hearts beat--''let's do it!''
Under the conditions of perestroyka and freedom of thought
even from the side,
under Yezhov, under Trotskiy, who killed Kirov? why did you not write
reporin Kahe maschie Jews burned the trousa-sergio honkhrust let
us have the ' 'Panyat'' sociological center, the keepers of the faith
are the vanguard of perestroyka... Enough! The following analogy
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2719, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 32
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page 11
comes to mind: a pendulum of the public frame of mind swung for so
ong to the right and now swinging sharply to the left, and then t
he right again, and some time is required for it to reac
equilibrium.
39. [Innokentiy] What is needed is not time but wisdom, or, more
accurately, what in Orthodox ascetic practice is called the wisdom oi
humility [smirennomudriye] for a sober and comprehensive examinatior
of the historical experience of the past--ancient and modern--and
recognition of our own responsibility for it by right of national
legacy.
40.
[Batygin] Do you think that a national spirit of the Russian
people exists, can it be considered the 'keeper of the faith''? How
is the national question resolved in the Orthodox theology?
41. [Innokentiy] In the Orthodox ecclesiology (the teaching on the
Church) It is resolved simply. The Church is shaped according to the
attribute of the land, that is, the place of one's residence. The
Russian Orthodox Church is the orthodox church in Russia but not a
church for Russians.
Historically, representatives of many
nationalities have made up its clergy and flock, and never in the
thousand-year history has our Church known the problem of ''national
purity.'
42.
In general, the problem of the foreigner does not exist in the
Church as a Christian community. I recall the words of the apostle
Paul when addressing the diverse national, class and property
relationships among the Christian community in Galatia--an area in
Asia Minor--during the first decades of the existence of
Christianity: 'For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ
have put on Christ. There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither
bondman nor freeman, there is neither male nor female, for ye are all
one in Christ Jesus.'
43.
As tar as the Russian people are concerned, this is a great
nation. And not only in the geographical sense but also the spiritual
and cultural sense. And if you talk about the Russian national
self-awareness, as for the Orthodox self-awareness, then nationalism
is alien to it. Ihe problem of nationalism it not a theological
problem but a sociological problem, but it seems that nationalism car
e understood and even justified in small ethnic groups locate
ithin a multinational environment. Here, nationalism is justified t
the extent that it does not pass beyond the confines of a people's
spiritual self-determination. And as far as I know, as an historian,
Russian nationalisn must be a deviation from our culture and from
Russian spiritual traditions. Today it is even difficult to separate
it from lack of culture and
lack of spirituality.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 426, "chars": 2732, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 33
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page 12
[Batygin] We have really come round to talking about "Pamyat.'
And I would like to recall that some representatives of the
association long ago advanced the slogan "'Orthodoxy as Homeland''...
45. [Innokentiy] Let us first of all examine what we mean by
''Pamyat.'! We have read articles in newspapers and jou: nals and,
moreover, we have at our disposal separate testimony frum
eyewitnesses. It is not certain that those people who represent
themselves as members of the association have a proper right to do
so. I am not convinced that 'Pamyat' exists as a orgalization ir
the full sense of the word. But at least neither you nor I know its
composition or program.
46.
Preservation of the monuments of Russian culture is one of
"'Pamyat's'r
aims. This aim is acceptable
to all of us.
But we are
evidently not interested in the ''Pamyat' association as such but
with its associated trend of nationalistic activism. It is possible
that "'Pamyat'" is a myth. I hear from people who call themselves
members of the association that they are against nationalistic
slogans and demagoguery.
47. Let me note that using the outward attributes of Orthodox
theology in combination with the propaganda of ideas dreamed up by
those who essentially advocate enmity and polítical force testifies
to the ignorance and demagogic nature of these kinds of declarations.
A superficial knowledge is worse than no knowledge at all.
Evidently
having read in popular publications that the "'church people'' at one
time proclaimed Moscow as a ''third Rome,'' the Russophile
nationalists have seized on this phrase.
But they fail to take into
account the fact that when Filofey talked about a ''third Rome'' he
used the words in a eschatological sense and was talking neither
about polítical greatness nor the advance of "'the latest times.''
Nothing is said here in the spirit of majestic-monumental
exclusivity.
Finally--and this is most important--we are obliged to consider
who is to blame for the destruction of Russian holy things. People
remember first and foremost the Church of Christ the Savior. In fact,
the loss of this incomparably beautiful monument to Russian glory is
irreplaceable. It is mainly Kaganovich who is abused here. But he did
not do what he is accused of alone, in a desert. It wouid be more
correct to raise the question about general national responsibility
for what happened.
As a historian of the Russian Church, I see
clearly here a certain share of responsibility on the part of the
prerevolutionary clergy, which was not adequately engaged in bringing
enlightenment to the people,
first and foremost the peasantry.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 480, "chars": 3073, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 34
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page 13
[Batygin] Whether we want it or not the mass repressions, the
atmosphere of all-embracing 'vigilance''
cultivated over the
decades, and the fear of mutual denunciation have made concern for
the past misplaced. Even looking into the past was not without
danger. The uniquely interpreted idea of ''the new man''--godless,
loveless, unrepentant--replaced individual responsibility with
loyalty to the regime. And this is the only explanation for the
actions of those who, perhaps sincerely in some kind of strange
passion, tried to straighten out their own times and not the past.
One of my friends grew up in the village of Troyebortnoye in Bryansk
Oblast. He tells how during the Thirties the priest in this tiny
Russian village was killed, by a shot fired through a window from a
sawed-off gun.
The police never found the killer but the village knew
who had long had no special liking for the "'long-skirt.' The old
priest had in fact been neglecting his pastoral duties--he performed
the baptisms and funeral services when he had to, but mostly he
worked in his kitchen garden. All the same, an end was made to
religiosity--even without an order from some authorized agent.
[Innokentiy] As a Christian I do not settle the accounts.
without an understanding of the past we cannot be full-fledged people
oi the present and the future. Why did doctor of philosophical
sciences I.A. Krylev publish
at one time an article in which it was
"proved'' that religious activists (it was a question rf a commune
of teetotalers who were socially and politically harmless) are
"'enemies of the people.''? And why even today does he accuse writers
of "'flirting'' with religion? The explanation for this goes far
beyond the framework of purely personal characteristics. It is the
business of sociologists to study the genesis and dynamics of
sociopolitical situations that create the very opportunity for
political denunciations.
51. [Batygin] Already the approach to the problem and the perception
of the world by pseudo-patriots are deeply eclectic. Strange as it
may seem, this same approach to the problem is taken by some of their
''unmaskers.'' Religious culture and the demagogic shouts of the
alleged fighters for the Orthodox past are thrown together in the
same group.
And moreover, to commit to the real state of class
affairs is supposedly a petty bourgeois social base for
religious-political and nationalistic attitudes. With the concept of
class comes the idea of the individual as the 'spokesman'• for
someone's objectively hostile interests, and this suggests the
conclusion of intrigues by the special services: the nightmare
syndrome of persecution grows. As a result we again have the abuse
and further searches for the enemy.
The circle is closed. Let us be
consistent in our reasoning.
Who needs the ideology of pogrom? Not
only not the Russian people. Both the nationalistic appeals and the
attempt to find behind them a ''petty bourgeoisie'' seel at least
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 423, "chars": 2800, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 35
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page 14
inappropriate. But what social reasons, not necessarily class
reasons, should be here? We shall not understand the situation if we
explain everything by intellectual darkness and ignoran e.
52. [Innokentiy] The issue
is broader: what actual trends in public
ife gave rise to "Pamyat''? The process of renewal is, apart fro
anything else, also the overcoming of totalitarian,
"dichotomous'
consciousness, when people perceive a lie not as a deviation but an
objective reality made aware in our sensations; closing the gap
etween word and deed, and word and word. ''Pamyat'' is trying in its
own way to close this rap and it it therefore a certain social force
that cannot be ignored, the more so since some of its supporters
appeal to Orthodox values.
53.
[Batygin] I am also deeply in consonance with ''Pamyat's'•
initiatives aimed at preserving the culture of the home and. Other
people who declare themselves representatives of the association are
taking
an obviously chauvinist position. The impression is being
created that we have several quite different ''Pamyat'• associations.
These issues must be discussed in the press and the leaders of the
movement given an opportunity to speak, and then perhaps what is
secret will become clear.
However, in my opinion, there is no
religiosity as such in the ''orthodox'' initiatives of ''Pamyat.''
There is merely a form of hidden social conflict that is being
transformed over time under conditions in which the criteria
delineating the secular consciousness from the religious is, as it
were, being dissolved.
Por along time I had no doubt at all that the growth in
education and secular culture would little by little supplant
religious belief--"'prejudices''--in people's life.
Today I am ready
to testify to an increase in true believers among quite well educated
people. I remember the situation when the fact that the cosmonauts
recorded nothing resembling heaven in orbit around the Earth was
considered a serious argument in favor of atheism.
Today these kinds
of ''arguments'' can elicit only a smile or puzzlement. Obviously
ducation and faith are things that are at least not mutuall
xclusive. Arain I must recall the name of Pavel Florenskiv's father
Mathematician, philosopher, linguist, electrical engineer and
mechanic, a researcher on permafrost, he was a true Christian, an
rthodox priest and theologian. He perished anonymously in the GULA‹
mong the millions of martyrs, both believers and nonbelievers
55. One way or another science no longer regards itself as the apex
"pyramid of knowledge,'!
at least it finds shifting sand in
its own foundation and is turning hopefully to 'metaphysical''
values and to ''human'' truths.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2675, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
• Page: 36
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page 15
56. Strange processes are also taking place in the mass
consciousness. In the age of general computerization and robotization
lany nonbelievers or those who consider themselves nonbelievers hav
lo doubts about the baneful capabilities of the ''evil eye'' and
believe in magicians and "'flying saucers,' and also in the holy
eucharist and the redemption of sin. In the West they talk
increasingly about a religious renaissance in the USSR. It must be
acknowledged that these processes are unexpected for Soviet
sociologists.
57. Along with other journalists I recently talked with the leaders
of unofficial youth associations. The representative for " Sistemy''
(an analogue of the hippy movement), Vitaliy, substantiated very
competently and convincingly rejection of the acquisition of material
things and violence in any form, service in the Armed Forces, and
work--"'for work is essentially slavery.' I asked him how members of
"'Sistemy'' should act in a case in which they needed money ox, if
worst came to worst,
to eat. Looking through his pince-nez into space
Vitaliy said the following: "Is not the soul food?' And he went on
to recall the "birds of the air'' and the "'grass of the fields."
No, he is as
far removed from
the church as, say, a collector of
icons. What is this?
''Excess'' social symbolism typical of fringe
people, or a
form of dissent, or a variety of religion? Is not a
unique diversification taking place today, a consolidation of
diversity, of religious values, and their penetration into the
secular environment and a mixing with politics, morals, culture, even
science and economics?
58.
[Innokentiy] There is a science of the principles of the
interpretation of texts--hermeneutics--and I am sorry that young
people remain in ignorance about the true meaning of the words that
they have learned. Some kind of awakening of spiritual life really is
taking place today, accompanied, as you have expressed it, by a
diversification of religious values. It is not so much a renaissance
as a "'blind'' search. But of course, there is spiritual
transitional, forms of spiritual life. A person has the chance of
moving from fascination to a real knowledge of God, a chance of
gaining spiritual freedom.
59. [Batygin] Father Innokentiy, I have a firm hope that over time
the official or semioffical restrictions on religious life will be
eased. Already today we see stricter observance of the legislation on
cults on the part of state organs; at least in the registration of
new communities is no longer an insoluble problem. The Iolgskiy
UNCLASSIFIED
:
:

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 394, "chars": 2445, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 37
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page 16
convent, closed 60 years ago, has become an active cloister for
aged set up mith meditary ate decision even arosa blas the
soviet is not an isolated example of fruitful cooperation between
state and church.
remain a closed book, and too much depends on the personality of the
provision is made for this!' And everything. I have never once heard
that a dispute between believers and
the state has been decided in
the courts. What I have in mind is civil suits...
Meanwhile, as they
say among laymen, the game is all at one goal mouth.
61. But this is still only half the trouble. Believers find
themselves in the position of outcasts not at. all because of the
otticial separation of church and state. As you have said, a believer
lives in the same social conditions as any person, and at first
glance is not isolated in any way. But,
as the apostle said, ''as
unknown and yet well known.' It is difficult choose the exact vords
to describe the very complex sociological problem of the position of
believers in the secular social environment. Here, of course, there
is not always an articulated allusion, an allusion of dissent, and in
fact, under conditions of the declared and actually affirmed
spiritual unity of Soviet people the adoption of nonmaterialist
convictions means nothing but that until we get the hidden challenges
and social conflict. But I think that because the phenomenon of
religious belief itself is perceived by the mass psychology as "
strange'' rather than alien, pseudoconflict is in some way
remarkable. I am sure that your appearance in a cassock on the street
makes passersby 1ook round with a so-called unhealthy interest. A
conversation took place at the institute about the lite and teaching
of a religious philosopher. The rumor had been spread that a real
monk was coming, perhaps even the archimandrite. The ha!] was full.
But to our astonishment the
ven the young girls wanted to vaten the representative of the party
monk was just a normal person.
buro was disappointed. Shaw was wrong, but the seminar rontinued late
into the might.
OL. In my opinion, the problem of the coexistence of the church and
of society is also enrooted here. It cannot be resolved "'from
above,' but life itself is already looking for ways to escape from
the impasse:
a person's devotion to any religious denomination should
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 447, "chars": 2853, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 38
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page 17
be perceived as quite ordinary, even if interesting, as something
healthy, or ultimately, with indifference.
3. Everything that I am discussing now is variations uf the sam
henomenon: violent alienation of religious culture and religiou:
consciousness from the officially approved culture and the
"standard'' social consciousness--an alienation that is not
uniformly negative and mutually exclusive, like a plus or minus, but
the kind that could be described by Jaspers' paradoxical phrase
"'love-hate.'' There is astonishment here, and rejection, and a
permanent attraction to real values, and hope, and fear... But most
of all there is an obedience: if it is said that there is no God then
that means that there is: God is dead and everything is allowed.
64. It is impossible not to see in everything that is now happening
and being retained in our minds the anti-values brought to us since
the time of the journal BEZBOZENIK. What is purely human, true and
lucid, what lives always in the soul, or perhaps the conscience,
coexists, sometimes quite peacefully, with the awareness of an
obligation
"'to deliver a rebuff.'' It seems to me that when we have
finished recording our conversation here and begin to pass it through
the editors, from somewhere out of nowhere--at least for us--there
will arise a desire (addressed at me, a Marxist) to deliver to you an
ideological rebuff. In the dispute with you I am obliged to "win,''
23122
and this is my social role.
65.
It is too naive and
simple to attribute the relapses of
ideological bans to Stalinism and point the finger at the past. The
past is being reproduced every day and the dead seize the living...
You and Fr Boris Danilenko and other Christians--Orthodex and Old
Believers-- recently met with junior scholars from a prestigious
academy institute. I remember the atmosphere of real interest, trust
and a desire for the truth, without the slightest hint of people
trying to foist their opinions on each other. We wanted just one
thing--to know! And after your departure a continuation of the
discussion took place at a crossroads in Moscow under the street
lamps with several young representatives of a high Komsomol organ. In
the hall they had been observers rather than participants, but here
they spoke out directly: defects had been permitted in the
organization of the meeting and atheists had been unable to deliver a
rebuff to the church people. We were unable to justify ourselves, and
we included some experts on religion with doctorate degrees.
66. What did the Komsomol people have in mind? No matter what, deep
in their young, clear thinking a scheme had been laid down,
clear-cut, like an order: "'Us or then.''
67.
The "'strange'' position of believers in society also
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 416, "chars": 2761, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 39
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page 18
superimposes a ' 'strange' imprint on their consciousness. Here we
see similar problems, but 'in reverse.!' The unsatisfartory
'atechization of parishioners is well known, and few understand the
leaning ot the liturgy, and very few know the basis of the Orthodox
doctrine-- the ''Articles of Faith.'' As a result of the low level of
religiosity in the structure of religious behavior the sphere of
ritual is over-emphasized, but the main issue remains a man's soul.
What is happening here? It seems to me that sometimes, even if in
exceptional cases, religiosity
cultural-ecological " ghetto" whence a person surveys the world
with the detestation of an outsider.
68. Perhaps future researchers on the destiny of Christianity will
note among the trials it endures not only persecution (which is
powerless to destroy the faith) but also spiritual pharisaism,
devouring--in equal measure--the souls of believers and nonbelievers.
remember what Pasternak said: 'Everything is drowning in
pharisaism.'
69.
Why am I absorbed with these generally trivial details?
Obviously a church separated from the state, or more accurately the
Orthodox community, possesses one ''advantage'' over other non-state
public associations, even unofficial ones, namely, it is
"'unofficially' separated from society and is a certain ''internal
border'' (I take this idea from the religious expert Sergey Filatov).
It is impossible to insure normal activity for any and all
congregations in a society merely by decree. What is needed is normal
democracy, political culture and the habit of respect for human
rights.
WRET
70. It is not enough to establish freedom of conscience by decree.
Conscience is the kind of thing that needs no permission; it is or it
is not. Freedom of religion becomes a reality only when conscience
becomes a matter of the personal freedom of each person, a matter of
personal choice. Today we talk about freedom, alternative thinking
and the need for different thinking and political pluralism. But the
renewal of life is possible only given the rejection of the ''image
of the enemy' and total acceptance of the doctrine of nonviolence as
an ethic and principle of the interrelationships between people. And
of peace as a state of the soul, of moral purity and belief in good.
There are values that cannot but be sacred for believers and
nonbelievers if, of course,,
are ''thou shalt not kill,
father and thy mother,' "they shalt not bear false witness"'...
71. [Innokentiy] You have talked about peace as a state of the
soul...
The great suppliant of Russia, the Reverend Serafim Sarovskiy
''Acquire a
soul at peace and thousands around you will be
1
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 202, "chars": 1284, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175647
Page: 40
of 53
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1989
Document 2 of 3
Page 19
saved.' But where should we
take this? At the Feast of the Passover
"hrist said to his disciples: 'Peace I leave with you, my peace I
rive unto you: not as the world giveth give I unto you. Let not your
heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.' And if you talk about
Ireedom, then the most important thing here is perhaps freedom from
prejudices, which enslave a person, even when the powers-that-be do
not hamper polítical freedom. How often we see those who are slaves
to their own passions and prejudices ruling in a particular social
sphere! When I perform the sacrament of baptism and say 'I baptize
this bondman of God...'' I know that it is precisely this devotion to
God that brings the person freedom from sin.
72. [Batygin, As we wind up this conversation let us try to
formulate where we have come and what the result is.
73. [Innokentiy] As a Christian I make each questioner aware of my
hopes, and I think that today I have done this, even though only in
part. As far as the results of this dialogue are concerred, let the
reader judge for himself.
"The time is favorable...'
74. COPYRIGHT: Izdatelstvo ''Nauka'', ''Sotsiologichestiye
issledovanniya' ', 1988.
UNCLASSIFIED
