{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T17:52:54Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 638663, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/c05516165-pdf-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "7faa29131171928f438e10fe211cb89baac0c332e47314ea5858fa0f85a0e3a6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 2146, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00015474
INFORMATION FROM
FOREION DOCUMENTS OR RADIO FROADCASTE CO NO.
COUNTRY
Swedes":
DATE OF
INFORMATION 1953
SUBJECT
HOW
PUBLISHED
Dally newspaper
Military - tocoaventional BIrcTASt
DATE DIST. 1.APR 1954
WHERE
PUBLISHED Stockhole
DATE
PUBLISHED 28-20 DoC 1953
LANGUAGE • Swedish
' NO. OF PAGES 4
SUPPLEMENT TO
REPORT NO.
THIS IS UNEVALUATED INFORMATION.
SOURCE
Dagens Hybster
- ae
VETERAN SWEDISH AIRMEN OBSERVE,
DESCRIBE DISK SEAFED AIRCRAFT OVER SKAANE
The information in this report vas taken from three articles
vich appeared in the liberal Stockholi dally, Degens Nyzeter on
28, 19, and 20 December 1953. In the renultion of the first tro
articles (18 and 19 December), repetitions elements Lave been
amitted. The thiro artiele 1s given in Tull.
"Numbers 1u parentheses refer to appended sources J
The chiel pilot 1ox Ireasels Alrlines, Plleht Captain ULt Christiernsson,
and his flight rechanic, Olle Jobusson, reported thet on the afternoon of
17 December 1953, valle Iljing 10 a DC-3 over Skaane, they sighted a myste-
rious circular netal object Ilying in an opposite direction of then at a speed
estimated at about the speed of sound.. The airmen estimated thai the objeet
was about 10 neters in dianeter.
Captala Christieraaron, et present employed Dy Transalt 1n Thylag the
morning (Stockholm) papers to southern Sweden, bas very extensive air ex-
perience, baring served as a rolunteer vith the BAT fras 1942-1946, Ilnishing
his service vith the rant or captain. Ie Ilev 30 missions against eneny torti-
tory Irati North Africe and Italy.
Captala Christiernason nade the folloving statement to Degens Nybeter:
"I do not doubt for an instent that it vas not a get plane.
Iat I sav vas a
completely worthodox, Detallic, symetric, round object vhich vas. unlike any-
thing I have seen before. The mysterious object appeared suddeniy on the air
route traveled by all controlled air traffic betveer Bulltofta and Bromes niT-
"islda let Malad, and Stockhols respectivoly). I mysels vas en route to Bramma
ARCIAL RECORD Y
REITY ASS ENDO
Crete
SEE LAST PAGE FOR SUBJECT & AREA CODES
CLASSIFICATION
STAYE
NAVY
NSRO
ARMY
AIN
DISTRIBUTION

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 532, "chars": 3234, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00015474.
00-H-29745
over Elsalebolm, I sav an object as on ay right and obliquely 1n front of me,
flying at a somevit lover altitude .. which at first I thought to be a jet
plane.
The silhouette vas tala and it approached be at a very high velocity.
and compartag Ite
the speed to be about that of sound. The whole business took place fantastically
quickiy, but I bellere that I vas able to see thie object for 4 to 5 seconds.
"When the object got closer, I vas able to ascertain tbat it vas symetric
and Dotallic.
It 1s very ilffleult to describe something that one has nerer
resa before, but I vould say that it looked Ilke a fying lozenge. The object
but seemed nore to be a robot. When it passed
mder the ving [of the I6-31, I could no longer see it. The rechanic, vho val
or DOSs1b1J Boneubat elliptical in form.
Ilying at an altitude ol 2,150 netors end the cloud celling vas about 1,500
meters. Thus, the objest should have been Ilying at an altitude of betweer
1,500 aad 1,600 meters.
He estimated the alze to be about 10 meters In ¿ia.
meter. It lett no exbaust or condensation trail.
other celestial phenomenon.
"He are both aborted did so setty at not get bet er
able to see that the object had a netallic lustre, Immediately atter the ob-
servation, ve reported to 15 in Injungbyhed and to the reglonal civil air.
necurity service at Bulltotta.
The courst of the object vas south-southvest.
The whole thing happened so guickly that ve could not bare managed to change
course land follow the object]..."
- Olle Johansson's statensat vas as 1012OU8:
right-tand rest of the pilot's cablu vhen Captain Christierusson pointed to the
object. What I saw was an ellipse rith sharp outlines and sonething betvees
allner siu white in color. I sav it {0s about 10 seconds. It vas approaching
trans the north in a direction opposite to ours, at a speed of about 1,200 xllo.
meters pet hour.
It vas firing entirely abore the clouds. From Maluo north-
vard, ve vere able to sez the groud for only a sev myrianeters end arter that
there vas a clow covertug all the ray in stockhols. He vere Arlag at a speed
of about 270 kiloneters per hour..
Ten atiates after the incident, we set an
SAS (Scandinarian Alriines Systeri) I'-.
Iberdupon, me estimated the object's
speed at about three times that of the Dil. Ibere seened to be no flames or
smoke trail frau the object.
Since ve bad the sutomatic pilot on, ve bad no
chance to tury quickly enough to see where the ot ject veat."
The Defense Staff'E whort connuaigue on the incident read as follows:
"At 1457 hours on Ibursday, the crea on a civilian commercial plane observed,
tude at vhich the plane was flylog. Because. of the lon cloud celling, tbe
object could not have been deen from the grouni. Withi: the knowledge of the
Defense Staff, there was no Suedish plane 12. the area concerned it the time of
the Incident. Investigation conttruon."
Reports 09 "[lying saucers" have arisen 1a both Durope and Anerice: on
countless octasions ià recent years but, gecording to a atatement..to Degéns
Nybeter by a nember of the Mir Staff, these obserrations over Sicane can be
termed the clearest and nost detailed vhich beretofore bart been unde regaiding
mysterious, únknown aIrcraft. (!)

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 594, "chars": 3716, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00015474
00-41-29745
Brperts Say Object Was Daylight Meteorite
Both the Defense Staff and the Air Stal! Were working Toverishly on
Friday (18 December) to colve the mystery of ite "11yiag lozenge."
They
arrived at 10 definite result, but the experts ere mostly of the opinion
...c.
that the observed object vas a day ight setrotite.
The possibility that It!
vas a ballon or an unknova type of foreiga aircraft is not saled. out, hot...
ever. The theory of a metrorite vas put forth by one of the persons it
Sueden best acquainted vith the Inglon, bertil Lindolad of the observatory io
'Ivad.
According to Lindblai, precisely in Decerber the barto passes a svaro of
meteors aorn as the Geminida.
The saximim ocrurred on 13 Deceaber.
Be the tent 150 bo tete to days are an age
of 3 degrees which means that their path 1s nearly parallel to the earth'o
The direction of the meteors 1s tram IOtA to south Matt a dis...
placenent of 17 degrees which also seems to agree with the observations rade.
In space, meteors bave a speed of 36 Xilometers per second, but the speed 1s
reduced very greatly when they cone Into the ricinity of the earth.
not heretolore been possible to observe peteors during the day so it 1s not.
known how they look in daylight. When the earth passed the sane Deteor STAII
last year, & lone meteor was observed some days after the svaru had ilsap-
That neteor vas plaialy a straggler. It was obserred at night, bor-
ever, and therefore gave off a weak, red glon. It Tell also at an entirely i
different nagle since it vas a different time of day.
Captaia Killenius of the Defense Staff stated tbat other possible ex-
planations of the phenouenon bave not been vritten off by any nears. 1o be.
sure, no Swedish balloons have been sent up, but propaganda and reather bal-
lo0ns have been sent up Iran both Germany and Derrark.
with the type-of viad
and veather prevalling in recent days, It vould hare been possible for a bal-.
Ioon to have been driven over Sreden.. Captaia Christierusson and his nechante;
Olle Jobanson, stated in their report that the speed of the object asproached
that of sound; borerer,
there 1s great alitictity lo joging specis Oi suddenly
appearing objects, even for experienced observers. Captain Killenius ecumented
thet It a balloos prior
to its observation bad soared to a great altitude, it
right have lost some of Its gas, giving it a flat Tori.
In sour quarters, Captala Christiernsson's report bas been regarded as a
The Defense StaTI, hoverer, does not consider it a praax, Ebristiernsson,
on returning trom another fligat to Malao on friday, gare beated essurances tbat
bis report vas the absoiute truth. le said,
"Io be sure, I Joke a bit, but one
does not joke about things Ilke this.
I sar somethiag and reported ny ObserTa-
tions. What It vas, I do not kaou." (2)
Object Stated to Be Advertisiae Balloon
The mysterious "Ilying lozenge" over Ilaslèhols vas probably neither i
meteor nor a robot veapon,
It vas nore Ilkely an adrertising balloon for-a
Skaane pertime t1rm.
The object vas obserned at 1500 on Tharaday (17 Decenber)
and on the same day betveen 1200 and 1300, Director Bertll Dahlstrda of MalI
nad been up at Asphilt on Inderodsaasen, Bone myrianeters south of Hissiebolu,
• to release 30D advertising halloons.
On Saturday evening (19 Decenber) Dahlstrdo telephoned Dagens Nyheter 6
Malmo office and seid,
"HIts all sertainty, It is one of or balloons which the
Ilyers sav.. On Thursday noon, ve sent up over 300 balloons al rarious cOLOTs.
Their sizes raried from 15 to 30 centluetere 10 diameter.
According to viat
ve know from previous occasions, the balloons ought to Ilse 1,000 meters and
ATCHITAL RECORD
MI.SASE RETURI TE
KOINCY ARCHIVES.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 274, "chars": 1813, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-C00015474
00-1-29745
maybe still bigher, depending on the reather.
To each balloon vas attached an
advertisenent card vaich the finder vas to return to the firm in Malms is ez-
change Ior a bottle of cologne.
Some cards have already been returneu ira.
finders vith addresses 1a Hisslehola, so it is cleur that the beloous vere
diiven by the prevalllug vinds to the place where the Ilyers observed the nya-
terious iozenge."
As of saturday evening, the Air Staff did not kaow about the Skaaze bal-
On the other hand,
the Air Stall bed received a telephone eaII. ITO an-
other person 1a Malab, radio technleian Lundblad. On the day before the ob-
servation (16 December), he bad aent up three veather balloons of & eurrent
'modei. The vira vas so strong and in such a direction that It 1s not 11kely
that any of the three balloons could have remained over skaant.
balloons are tram 1 to 2 meters 1a diameter.
Heteorological
Whether the perfume advertising balloons, uhich are considerably sualler
than meteorologleal balloons, could, through angles of refraotion and radiation
of 11ght, take on the apperrance and aire which Captain Christiernsson reported
the object to be, 1s a question vulch eannot be ansvered until detalled cal-
culations are nede. Very 11kely, composite photographs and other technignes
No neu observations bave been reported during Saturday (19 December), and
the experts are now vorking with the naterial rich cane 1n earlier. Telepbone
calls have been received Iron a number of persons with nev theories, some Of
which will be tested. In the meantime, the balloon theory seens to have been
strengthened through the latest reports from skaane. (3)
SOURCES
I. Dagess lybeter, 18 Dec 53
.. 2. Ibla., 19 Dec 53
.. 3. Ibid., 20 Dec 53
LIBRARY SUBJECT & AREA CODES
•APCPITST RECORD.
PIIAS:24T0
