{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T17:47:46Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 629092, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/c05516642-pdf-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "72ba917444a0f13e77726b4466ac8347176fcd4b234a856e86448aad001d33c4"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 317, "chars": 2221, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174677
Page: 1
of 5
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Document 4 of 20
Page
1
Classification:
UNCLASSIFIED
Status:
Document Date:
16 Jun 92
Category:
[STATI
[CAT]
Report Type:
JPRS report
Report Date:
Report Number:
JPRS-UEQ-92-009
UDC Nunber:
Author(s): Vladimir Lagovskiy under the "'Sensation'/ rubric:
"'Plight to Alpha Centauri'; boldface as per source
text]
Headline: Flight to Alpha Centauri
Source Line: 927F0229A Moscow RABOCHAYA TRIBUNA in Russian 16 Jun 92
pp 1, 3
Subslug:
¡Article by Vladimir Lagovskiy under the "'Sensation'"
rubric: 'Flight to Alpha Centauri'; boldface as per
source text]
PULL TEXT OF ARTICLE:
1. [Article by Vladimir Lagovskiy under the "'Sensation'' rubric:
"Plight to Alpha Centauri''; boldface as per source text]
2. IText] Specialists at the Experimental Machine Building
Scientific Research Association have created a high-temperature
superconductor that loses its electrícal resistance at 80 degrees
Celsius. It breaks the old confirmed world's
degrees celsius. Moreover, there is proof that this is not the limit:
Superconductors may be created at 850 degree Celsius. And it may be
used as
the basis for constructing a fundamentally new type of
spacecraft capable of reaching light speed.
3. On a Plying Saucer
4. Prom the outset, we acknowledge this as fact. The rumors that the
military-industrial complex, which is precisely the owner of the
all semental a biterested in scientises considers ten
to be real. I have the document in front of me. It is called
"Protocol
for a Future Method of Aircraft Iravel.'' On top is the
customary ''Approved by'' signature stamp followed by the signature
of the deputy commander of the military unit and his official stamp.
Next comes the date and site of the test and the test object. And
then there is the objective, at which point it is written that the
experiments were conducted to assess the effect of the movement of a
bulk high-temperature superconductor subjected to the effect of a
flux of fast-moving electrons in accordance with the aircraft
research program developed at the Experimental Machine Building
Scientific Research Association and the N-th military unit.
27
UNCLASSIFIED
Approved for Release
2/2010
....

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2361, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174677
Page: 2
Of 5
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Docurent 4 of 20
Page 2
5. It is no accident that I am presenting these data in such detail.
our stereotypes are strong. Indeed, many will say that "saucers'
means "'newcomers.'' And newcomers are gibberish. No, this matter is
uncommonly serious. Ihis is no discussion of fantastic hypotheses but
of the current rift between technology and fundamental knowledge.
The "'Protocol'' is not the only such affirmation. There are also
patents,
and inventions.
idearl Abelation and candidate of technical selence, cient161c
Research Association and candidate of technical sciences,
fundamentally new method of space travel. And we can demonstrate
it.''
7. Here is the so-called Mohammed's grave-a saucerlike body made of
a cooled superconductor sailing freely in a magnetic field. Nearly
all developers of high-temperature superconducting compounds have
"'toyed around with'' this focal point. And it has excited its
enthusiasts' imagination.
It seems that this is just how one can fl
ver the earth in some sort of miracle craft. It is possible. Ther
are no theoretical obstacles. But here is the problem: On closer
examination, this generally sensible idea turned out to be fraught
With irresolvable technical problens.
8. To rise above our planet in the geomagnetic field, for example, a
"'saucer'' would have to create its own incredibly strong magnetic
field. And this is far from easy, even with the superconductors
themselves. But suppose a way could be found? How would it move in
space, which is chock-full of magnetic fields?
9. ''The ship would need to be equipped with additional sustainer
engines,'' the enthusiasts shouted back. That was, of course, the way
out. Only would the game be worth the candle?
In a word, for reasons that are entirely understandable, many
specialists consider such methods of travel more hypothetical than
understanda cal an
realistic. And so a solution was found. It was a simple one, as it
should have been.
Ely from an accelera or and be carried song ingel model made of a
Ely from an accelerator and be carried
superconductor. And "'Mohammed's grave'' instantaneously jumped to
the side in the flash of an eye.
''Now imagine a real spacecraft,''
says Shabetnik. "Its body is
will be covered with a high-temperature
superconductor.
Fast-moving
UNCLASSIPIED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 316, "chars": 2177, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174677
Page: 3
of 5
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Docusent 4 of 20
Page 3
electron emitters will be mounted in a circle. The charged particles
will bathe the ship. As they move, they will create a current and an
electromagnetic field. And a field and current will simultaneously
arise in the superconducting layer. What will happen? The fields and
currents will begin to interact with ampere force. Simply speaking,
their carriers will repel one another. And this is incomparably more
efficient than the interaction of the simple electromagnetic field of
a craft and the earth's geomagnetic field. The ship will soar and
appear to sail in the very electron medium that it formed around
itself.'
13. The sphere is the ideal shape for interstellar travel.
"'Saucers'' are best for travel in the atmosphere. It is therefore
obviously necessary to create a craft with a changing geometry. Its
start trom the surface will require only an extrenely modest
electrical force. About 100 amperes will suffice for a 5-ton
spaceship. It Will be easy to maneuver by increasing or decreasing
the currents along its sides.
14. From a Superconductor
15. Scientists are essentially proposing an electromagnetic method
of travel. But it has been fundamentally modernized. The idea itself
s not subject to doubt. But will it be possible from an engineerin
tandpoint? Superconductors are needed. The record, I.e., minus 80
degrees Celsius, would be fine for space. There the temperatures are
nuch lover. But this threshold is not enough for the atmosphere.
16. ''But have you forgotten,'' wonders Vasiliy Dmitriyevich, ''that
we have proposed
superconductors that maintain zero resistance at 850
degrees Celsius?'
17. ''I have not forgotten. But all that is still just plans.'
18. ''Yes, they are just plans, but they are entirely realistic.'
19. Shabetnik and his colleagues are certain that they have
liscovered new fundamental laws governing the structure of matter.
This knowledge makes it possible to explain the properties of matter
in a way never attempted before-on the basis of probability and
statistics. A more natural approach has been proposed.
UNCLASSIFIED
.......

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 361, "chars": 2354, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174677
Page: 4
of 5
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Document 4 of 20
Page 4
superconductivity is a phenomenon that may be discovered but could
where there is d tet cale sand, stones vish inspects and
where there is exact calculation,
properties may be designed.
theoretically predicted the existence of a superconductor at minus 80
degrees Celsius.
he theory exactly. And now a plan for 850 degrees has appeared. Anc
here is no basis for sugresting that it will not be successful.
"I will not stop until all secrets have been revealed, '' says
Shabetnik, 'but I give a hint that ordinary iron may become the
asis of the new superconductor. The intricacy will be the energ
rder of arrangement of the rest of the elements.''
"'Okay. But what fuel do you intend to use in space?'' I
suddenly remembered.
23. And Almost With a Perpetual Motor
24.
"Will you place a nuclear reactor or a thermonuclear reactor on
the ship? Or perhaps you will return to the energy of a vacuum?''
25. ''Neither of the three,'' ansvers Vasilly Dmitriyevich. 'Do
you recall yet another sensation that burst forth about the same time
as high-temperature superconductivity? I mean, when the discover of
what is called the "cold thermal nucleus' was announced in the
United States. This effect was later reproduced in many laboratories.
It was reproduced but again left unexplained. And why? Because they
tried to find signs of thermonuclear reactions where none exist.''
26. ''I remember those experiments well. I even observed one at
Moscow State University: a tank with heavy water, two live
electrodes, and no idea where the additional heat was coming from.
But if Its source was not a ''cold thermal nucleus, ' what then was
it?
27. ''Ve call the phenomenon 'energy conversion.' And that very tank
is a primitive model of a converter. The water in it boils. Io put it
in scientific terns, a phase transition takes place. The particles in
the water move in an ordered fashion on account of the electric
fleld. According to our theory, in such cases phase transitions
yield an increased amount of thermal energy. The gain is a factor oi
28. ''Wait, wait,'' I said while trying to digest what I was
hearing.
"'Does this mean that a perpetual motor has been produced?''
29. ''No. The internal energy of the matter has been extracted.'
UNCLASSIFIED
harkets in it enr

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 198, "chars": 1350, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174677
Page: 5
of 5
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Document 4 of 20
30. ''And can it be used in some way?"'
Page 5
provide while operating conventionally. A fourth could be diverted to
microworla.
33. ''But in reality everything is of course more complicated. In
essence, an energy converter consists of several devices working in
conjunction with one another. The main components are a closed
superconductor and control systen. They are for ground needs. The
electron accelerator that is connected to the circuit transforms the
converter into a spacecraft engine. With its help, a spacecraft can
fly to Alpha Centauri and back to earth in 12 years.'
34. 'Has it been possible to recreate these processes, if only in
experiments?"
35. ''Yes. Otherwise I would never have told you anything.
According to our calculations, the energy hidden in a kilogram of
iron is completely sufficient
for interstellar travel.'
36. As fax as the future is concerned, let us say straight out that
it is fantastic. Even without flights to other worlds.
converters will be used to meet needs on earth. The time has already
come to dream not only of miraculous generators capable of replacing
nightmarish nuclear and thermal pover plants or of new means of
travel. Our entire lives will be turned around.
37.
......
UNCLASSIFIED
:*::.
3620200710*
27424
