{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T02:38:45Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 994686, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/c05516679-pdf-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "b13b0dd080faf886430657ab7d05530c73768c69132cbce8926e8cab82399487"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1683, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174871
Page: 7
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 6 of 12
Page 1
Classification:
UNCLASSIFIED
Status:
Document Date:
12 Sep 90
Category:
[STAT]
[CAT]
Report Type:
Daily Report
Report Date:
Report Number:
FBIS-SOV-90-179
UDC Number:
Author (s): Vladimir Sokolov, LITERATURNAYA GAZETA editor for
ocioeconomic issues: ''Reflections on the Variants o
ur Immediate Future. To a Market Economy Under the Cove
of the Army?'']
Headline: Possibilities of Military Coup Assessed
Source Line:
90SV0054A Moscow LITERATURNAYA GAZETA in Russian 12 Sep
90 pp 11-12
Subslug:
[Article by Vladimir Sokolov, LITERATURNAYA GAZEIA editor
for socioeconomic issues: ''Reflections on the Variants of
Our Immediate Future. Io a Market Economy Under the Cover
of the Army?'']
FULL TEXT OF ARTICLE:
1. [Article by Vladimir Sokolov, LITERATURNAYA GAZETA editor for
socioeconomic issues: ''Reflections on the Variants of Our Immediate
Future. Io a Market Economy Under the Cover of the Army?"']
2. |Text, Every successive shortage in our country is accompanied by
an outbreak of mass belief in something special. At the height of the
shortage of detergents, the country agonizingly waited for Gdlyan and
Ivanov to arrest
the entire Politburo, confiscate the stolen
billions, and hand them out to common
Kashprovsky began to perform siracles for us on to an a holesale
manner. The salt and vegetable oil panic was accompanied by UPO
landings everywhere. Now, tobacco products and bread have
disappeared.
We have come to believe in market programs.
comrade was nominated.
4. As it were, the similarity of the programs of deputies at all
UNCLASSIFIED
Approved for Release
2/2010
5

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 356, "chars": 2237, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174871
Page: 8
Of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
PBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Docunent 6 of 12
miracle helped us justify our choice.
Page 2
ve age o sa mong wear at and rese god programiber
ever more passionately.
Fervor is easy to understand to a degree for
the stakes are much too high. However
fervor is also mysterious
because, regardless of who is released by the starting shot, there is
no track in front of the programs!
Instead there is rough terrain
full of potholes, swamps, and obstructions, and this impassable
landscape keeps changing all the time; little local volcanoes swell,
and in some places it is already burning.
6. Switching back from metaphors to plain language, I would like to
state my conviction that under our current conditions no
program--even if prepared by the best economists of our country and
the world, run as a model on the most powerful computers, bolstered
by the involvement of monetary funds, and so on--can be implemented
as a logical and coordinated succession of actions by the government
and the people. I am afraid that it will not be possible to even
initiate it in the manner conceived by the authors because only God
himself knows where and when miners may strike or an interethnic
conflict erupt, where refugees may flood from, whether yet another
republic may decide to secede with Union enterprises or merely with a
piece of its neighbor's land, or when yet another chemical combine or
reactor may blow up; this is
nothing about political hysteria
of the kind of railway blockades. After all, any such event will
easily undermine more than just one point of the program and will
turn the 500 days into 700, 1,000, and so on, in keeping with the
painfully familiar calendar of five-year plans.
7. Undoubtedly both reformers and the immediate authors of the
programs--future scapegoats--understand this very well. For example,
after a report by the A. Aganbegyan commission to the Presidium of
the USSk Council of Ministers, many speakers emphasized that
stability as well as the rule
of law and order in the country are key
conditions for a transition to a market economy. However nobody said
how these conditions are to be ensured, at least not in the 18 August
IV broadcast.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 430, "chars": 2848, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174871
Page: 9
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 6 of 12
Page 3
focal issue rather hean che pligral seasants vinlot take yand thee
of charge--to say nothing of taking it for a fee--until they come to
elieve firmly that nobody will ever again take away their lots,
heir crop, and their belongings. City dwellers will not invest their
savings in
their own businesses--to say nothing of investing their
entire lives--until they make sure that racketeers will not stick
sawed-off shotguns between their ribs and laws will not change 'just
like that.' Foreigners will not come to us with their technology
until their investments are 100 percent safe from revolutionary
expropriations. Neither domestic nor foreign capital will finance all
of them in the absence of certainty that debts will be repaid, and
with interest at that. This means that the STABILITY of laws and
economic contacts, the CONTINUITY of obligations of changing
authorities, and PROTECTION against crime and social disturbances are
more important than all other conditions for these main players in a
market economy--peasants, industrialists, financiers, and foreign
businessmen.
9. For now everything is the other way around in our country. If
laws are not repealed they are not used; new soviet chairmen cancel
the instructions of the previous leadership; crime is rampant; and by
now the explosions of discontent of the working people frequently
cannot be distinguished from it. However, the main trouble is that
economic contacts are being severed by the mounting waves of
separatism, the barbaric strikes of monopolistic producers, and the
blockage of transportation arteries.
The results of this are now
already apparent, however in the future they will threaten our
economy with outright paralysis. Whatever the adherents of
"sovereignty'' say about direct contracts, the disintegration of the
USSR as a united state means the disintegration of a Union market. A
power struggle inside "sovereignty' will interfere with the
execution of most of these contracts; others are going to be
frustrated as soon as the first hard-currency buyer appears. From the
economic point of view this turn of events will set "sovereign'
republics far back, including the RSFSR [Russian Soviet Federated
Socialist Republic), even under a peaceful scenario. If on top of
ehterprases and at out-op or this teddysion befinand, water, and
accomplished by force... God save from this our children and all the
BeSE
at fault!
10. However, what forces are capable of opposing the disintegration
of the national-economic complex of the USSR at present?
11. There was a time when the administrative-command system was the
nost powerful force of this nature. Its remnants continue to manag
the economy of the country. However, republic echelons intercept the
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2692, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174871
Page: 10
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 6 of 12
Page 4
management of property
the center vigorously and in full view of
everyone
while retaining this property as state-bureaucratic at their
administrative-command system turns from a unifying force into almost
the main destructive force pulling the economic complex apart into
regions and republics with a view to maintaining previous
conso history and cature house are enly be my ng for, and
This is the case with other states. In our country, common fear of
the camps was the main part of the 'common' for too long. It
appears that when this fear disappeared the Soviet people's main
category of commonality collapsed. The Soviet people dispersed with
unimaginable ease into nations, strata, and groups which turn into
mobs at the first opportunity.
about the efficiency of the economy has also ceased to
unify us. First, we have impressed on ourselves that the economy is
inefficient anyway, otherwise why restructure it? Second, at present
he leaders of the periphery, from prime ministers to strike
committee chairmen, could not care less about the problems of the
recipients of their products in other republics to say nothing of the
hated center. Third,
the center itself has already shown a good
number of examples of reckless bravado in its economic decisions,
from the anti-alcohol campaign to writing off the debts of collective
and state farms. Fourth..
actually, the fingers will not be enough
in this case. It is significant that apparently the only people who
are concerned about the crisis of the USSR economy are those who by
virtue of their positions are
responsible for it to the Supreme
Soviet and the president. Besides, given our liberal times it is not
clear what kind of responsibility this is....
However, nature abhors a vacuum; if old centripetal forces are
weakening, this does not yet amount to a sentence. New forces may
appear with the same center-bound vector; the forces nobody reckoned
with yesterday may grow stronger. Thus the interests of the world
community are becoming a new ''center-bound'' force.
The developed
countries have a vital interest in the integrity of the ''Soviet
empire' regardless of their attitude toward the Union's past and the
personalities of our leaders. We see that they are cool toward our
separatists and prepared to aid reforms issuing from Moscow. We will
yet see that these countries are prepared to pay increasingly more as
they grasp their dependence on the outcome of our trials.
15. ''Aliens' are a force we did not notice before. At issue is a
tremendous number of people who, as it turned out when nationalism
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 396, "chars": 2499, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174871
Page: 11
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 6 of 12
Page 5
nounted, reside in republics other then ''their own.'' Tens of
nillions of Russians live outside the RSFSR and an equal number of
people hailing from other Union republics are present in Russia.
''The ancestral lands'' of non-Russian peoples are suddenly becoming
distinct inside Russia, and here we have Russians fleeing Tuva.
Territorial claims made by "sovereign'' republics against each other
are in store for us, and even inside the republics there is much
sorting out of the purity of blood lines to be done. Our country has
tens of millions of obvious half-breeds--where is their land?
16. ''Aliens'' are merely maturing into a political force, but the
lot of hundreds of thousands of refugees speeds up this process.
''Aliens'' are the most reliable social base for anyone who will
engage in a struggle for the unity of the country. I will observe
that separatists understand this and will not reconcile themselves to
the presence of "aliens'' in ''their!' republics regardless of the
ethnic harmony they promise after secession.
17. Finally there is a third force--third in terms of the free flow
of my reflections but not at all in terms of significance. The most
venturesome of the secessionists seem to fail to notice this force,
which of course does not cancel the fact of its existence. Go and try
canceling this force; being one of the mightiest in the world,
well-organized and equipped, possessing its own infrastructure and
tremendous material resources, under the same command from Brest to
chukotka, from Novaya Zemiya to Kushka, and finaliy armed, it may
itself cancel anybody. Of course it is
clear to you that I mean not
only the Army but also the entire military-industrial complex of the
USSR.
18. 3. So far the position of the military-industrial complex is not
very distinct. However, reality is already infringing on the vital
interests of this complex, and quite painfully on occasion. At issue
is not conversion or the stock of weapons; incredible stocks have
one-third of then are pilots,
sae on held lease the alter tory mere are there of
colonels? Would you have them fight their way into the blocks of
Russian cities and use tanks to pack in peaceful residents?
Military installations are another sensitive problem of any
military-industrial complex. What is to be done about defense
industry plants and their suppliers dispersed over one-sixth of the
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 378, "chars": 2423, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174871
Page: 12
Of 42
• UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 6 of 12
Page 6
globe without anticipating "'sovereignty?'' What is to be done about,
say, air defense complexes somewhere in a southern republic? Where
are billions of rubles to be
sovereign republic?
Are they to be dismantled, destroyed? This costs a lot of money.
Should a treaty be signed
for them to remain with the status of a
foreign military base? However this very southern republic will forn
its own armed forces which after a while will develop their own point
of view on this treaty....
In a word, the military-industrial complex will calculate all
variants using
its computers and may
determine that the most
inexpensive and reliable way is to stage the very military coup that
politicians and journalists have been scaring each other with for
about two years
now, making the populace shiver. It is surprising how
much we like tweaking a genie's nose and imagining that we can stutt
it back into the bottle at any time!
21. At this point many readers holding democratic beliefs will shrug
it off: "'Oh really! A coup is impossible, a civil war will begin!''
22. I maintain that no civil war will begin in our country. Not a
single rayon soviet in the country is capable of organizing potato
harvesting on its territory. The Communists are fiercely dividing up
party assets. People's fronts are not in a position to disarm bandits
in their republics. Who is going to rally the people to fight the
Army? What people? In the name of what will neighboring nations that
hate each other face automatic weapons fire? 'Equality, fraternity,
and happiness?'' Also take into account the fact that no foreign
country will censure this mode of action by the military or aid the
eventual resistance because for the outside world this scenario will
mean first of all a step toward the desired stability in this
indefatigable USSR and regaining at least some control over nuclear
weapons, nuclear power stations, and other sources of a global
23. However, such a coup will signify the end of perestroyka, will
able to expiain theix coming to power to the people. Natural-y
glasnost will be replaced with propaganda, and parliaments will b
"temporarily'' dissolved forever. Parties will be "suspended'' and
so on in keeping with the routine of many military regimes.
24.
Rationed sales, combating crime, production losses, and
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1563, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174871
Page: 13
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 6 of 12
Page 7
resources of society and rival the imperialist Strategic Defense
Poil the an endo not dest at alone coursed not pretend t
the military exists in order to have somebody to disarm and
reeducate. It is time for us, together with servicemen of all ranks,
to figure out the actual mood and political objectives of the
gigantic organism called the Soviet Army.
26. I do not doubt that specialists will do it better; they may have
already done it. Yet I would like to outline for the readers my
judgment about the attitudes of various echelons and generations in
the Army.
21. Most of the generals, while having
authorities
for gene subordinates because may have served toy moral
advance to their positions in a time of peace and stagnation. Many of
them have been persecuted by the press and are as angry as can be.
the a no so i resen
costar expertence for wich seriesen have no abit, are They have
Afghanistan, have
• feeling of frontline camaraderie. Their authority in the units an
among the people is equally high,
but many are profoundi
the latter at present as well.
However, they are aware of their
right to advance to key positions in the Army. But for what purpose?
In order to move into dachas themselves and carry on the ''invincible
and legendary'' traditions of Stalin? Or in order to create a
modern, well-equipped, and well-trained Army of professionals that is
capable of carrying out any mission in combat rather than in
patriotic songs?
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 391, "chars": 2475, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174871
Page: 14
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 6 of 12
Page
8
nly a market economy will provide enough funds and domesti
echnologies for a leap ahead. They do not need a militar
so eat a a eins era she an eard party circed to
30. Hovever, they will likewise hardly agree to the disintegration
of the Union
which will destroy the integrity of the soviet Army,
split the officer corps by nationality, and in some cases force them
to fire on former comrades in arms. This is why this generation may
obey the fateful order at a dramatic moment of perestroyka when it
seems that the motherland is indeed in mortal danger.
31.
Still, the interests of this generation in the main cannot
coincide with the interests of stagnation-time generals. They are
coming to contradict the separatists in the
most serious manner, and
they are more and more clearly drawing closer to the political
interests of the adherents of a renewed federation.
32. 5. Of course, only our readers in uniform may confirm or refute
these reflections. However, if I am right, the leaders of our country
should have started thinking long ago about who to bet on in the
irmy, what to promise, and what tasks to assign to whom. so Iar the
public has seen no signs of that. Well in this case it is all the
more useful to recall
something that the world knows well: A
transition from a socialized--or destroyed, or just poor--economy to
an efficient market economy is quite frequently carried out under a
state of emergency or even war. Successful examples such as Greece,
South Korea, and Chile come to mind. These countries, which have been
under the much-abused 'black colonels'' and which our newspapers
have mourned and grieved for, have long surpassed us in affluence.
Even such brilliant examples of prosperity as the FRG and Japan laid
the foundations of their success when occupied rather than as
democracies. In these countries the U.s. Army was a guarantor ol
stability and of the practicability of the Marshall Plan and other
programs to restore these semidestroyed states. We denounced the
occupiers in every way possible; meanwhile they were hard at work
corming parliaments, preventing parliament members from fighting,
organizing local business, teaching business to the population whict
had grown dull due to what it had gone through, apprehending bandits,
and making all people without distinction comply with the norms of
civilized coexistence.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 416, "chars": 2625, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174871
Page: 15
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 6 of 12
Page
9
33. Of course nobody is going to occupy us, even if we pay them for
it. However, with every passing day we are becoming convinced that we
need a guarantor as well, and much more than the ethnically
homogeneous Germans, Japanese, or Koreans. Who may and should become
34.
The reader will expose me: "Here it is! After all, he is
calling for
a coup!"
35.
No, I am not calling for it. I am researching some of the
variants of our immediate future and trying to understand what we are
prepared for, what evil may be awaiting us, and if it is unavoidable
how to turn it into the necessary benefit and transform it into good.
36.
I see a possibility that does not run counter to either our
peculiarities and conditions or the experience of other states.
37. Nobody should interfere with the development of democratization
in regions where it proceeds peacefully, even if through arguments
and mistakes. We will become wiser and more civilized, work better,
and live better; thank God for that. However government will
inevitably be taken over by representatives of the USSR president and
performed by military authorities in areas where bloody conflicts and
mass disturbances erupt and where the infrastructure of the country,
its vitally important organs, are endangered--railways, ports, air
communications systems, power industry facilities (especially
nuclear), large monopolistic enterprises, sources of the most
important raw materials, and so on.
So the military authorities
should guarantee the application of the key laws of the economic
reform by order of the president, unlike their current narrow
role--in Karabakh, Frunze, Baku, Dushanbe, and so on small forces of
the Internal Troops merely ensure a minimum of order.
first of all the laws on land, ownership, enterprises, taxation, and
entrepreneurs.
38. Yes, this is exactly what I want to say--new economic relations,
new estates and classes may begin to emerge not only in the thus far
prosperous areas but also here (perhaps first of all here) in
territories driven to desperation and mutiny. Without wasting
precious time we may embark on creating new owners here by protecting
their property against the ups and downs of the period of transition
by means of military force. After all, civil administration, even if
it has been elected democratically many times over, still does not
control the situation in places where it has come to pogroms and it
will not be able to oppose the class hatred of mobs reduced to
lumpens. The Army may be able to.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2073, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174871
Page: 16
Of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 6 of 12
Page 10
owner of land in, say, Nagorno-Karabakh? Armenians only? Azeris only?
Will one of the feuding republics rebel? Can both rebel?
Nated ores deterenty wit be able to the ther the
Only an
residents of Karabakh from the ambitions of their neighbors, defend
their work on their own land, and allow them to perceive themselves
as the people of Karabakh regardless of language and culture.
In regions such as the Fergana Valley, the release of property
by the state is hardly conceivable except under military protection.
They tried to transfer several hectares of land in Osh Oblast which
were farmed by the Uzbeks to the Kirghiz in an administrative manner,
and 1ook what happened! What kind of a flareup will there be it you
sell regardless of ethnicity?
This form of government will make it possible to accomplish
several tasks at the same time: to unerringly marshal the resources
of the state to where they are needed the most--the territory itself
signal to the center that things are unbearably bad here
already!--using them with the best return by setting in motion the
market mechanism of self-development; to weaken ''the dissatisfaction
of a transition'' to market arrangements because people stand to lose
nothing in places where the civilian administration has failed; to
implement, in places where the civilian administration is coping, the
reforms at a slower pace and naturally with smaller losses. It is
easier to monitor and guarantee the rationality of foreign aid on
territories under presidential rule; this is where they may begin to
solve the problems of the Army as well since market mechanisms take
years to emerge, units should be set up rapidly and formidably,
including quality housing for officers which will later be sold to
the local populace. Professional units may be formed here and the
democratic authorities.
A new nadeed or out keye a chized anale transition ov
paking ly el duent de stations. i lad very and execut the herce of
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 1609, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174871
Page: 17
Of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 6 of 12
newspaper pages being the arena for it.
Page 11
falling. The resources of society are more tightly controlled by the
new national-officialdom tighter than before, and talk of a market
economy remains just that--talk. We are waiting for a program.
However nobody in the country has enough power to improve the
situation of the people even a little.
Meanwhile even the small
groups of fools in the apparatus, politicos, and terrorists are now
capable of making this situation worse, which occurs on a daily
basis. Academician Shatalin was right when he softly made his remark:
"'We are proceeding toward the sovereignty of oblasts, settlements,
and streets,
but we do not have the main one--the sovereignty of
individuals."
44. Perhaps some people like living in a sovereign oblast in keeping
with the instructions of the oblast chiet, however, I hope that a
considerably greater number of my fellow citizens would prefer to
become sovereign individuals in a modern, rich, and strong state
capable of defending their rights on its entire territory and
everywhere in the world. It is possible that in our case this is only
attainable through a period of emergency measures.
45. How can we walk along the blade of democratization without
falling into either a military dictatorship or the chaos of
disintegration! We wil have to ponder this no matter how unpleasant
such reflections are for us. We will not find the right way if we
squint blissfully, or if we are blinded by the blood of fury and
ambition.
UNCLASSIFIED
