{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T17:21:54Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 616066, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/c05515709-pdf-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "8454f654932150be2e9a56b7889bfbc77292b5833989a268dc3a316482552e08"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 112, "chars": 774, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00015283
CLASSiFICATION/
GENTRAL INTELLIGENGE AGENCY
INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO. S0 I-Ae3
CD NO.
DATE DISTR,
NO. OF PAGES
31 July 1990
COUNTRY
SUBJECT
PLACE
ACQUIFED
DATE OF
INFO.
Gossee Solantlat'a intlala on "Flytar, DINOD»
Ratin to CA Librett
Erior to ule 1950
SUPPLEMENT TO
REPORT NO.
"Dorrusantery
THIS IS UNEVALUATED INFORMATION •
SOURCE
Attacbed for jour inforzatios la a copt, in translation, of-an article
submitted by la, Idvari Juilo for publication in Condor, a Gerter laseuago
magazide nublished la Chile.
ibe artielo is entitled "Ibe iratery of tbo
Firtag Disea, ' a contribation to Its poasible explanation".
Gar repet but
i sofall is that the slavelande op.
I honday Cage nova ta de me an
ARCHIVAL RECOHD
• PLEASE MITURE TO
D-
Approved for Release
2
2010

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 605, "chars": 3763, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00015283
CENTRIL INELLICTOC AOLZOT
80 tr-eTeL
attuotront 1
TIE BOSTORX OI THE DEUXTUR DESCE"
I contrebutiia to ite porntola explosatior.
3y Dio Lavast LautEs
Ea Or dual 920s 151, 0h220.
Thounà the cantinuouniy roappaerlas roporto on the appasranor of row,
mystorious atrarait of ualsous ocnatruatlos chould be connidasod vith poros.
s'optiaino as ths ronult of a port ol rare bypaonid, rararthalasa sovo oi tho
dotailod nod coiroidlus eoconata of techaloally tradnad ObrorTaro darorTe attazo
tios axù pornat ana to drar cono ustor ao ta too probabio aiasumiaatiou eu
thaso rou alroretto
5ia0o 80 far tbo obecrratlona baro been r de valais la tha derii, utloh
casas tbat only the lundrous parts of the cruit eir mhelbla, arery sopart tulay
the description ol shiaitg disca or esralas.
Is wis abouid diecerd tho ateu
conjectire thut thaso alrosaît orirdiato iras ligoni thia pasth, thor it las oasy
to asrita at tho cosoluaion that the enirilay otralao basr a rolation to tba er
haust of a rotary gea-turbino. The ponsibility raciste that the rotos oi s tur
bine 10 used at the sama tísa as e stabillaive top aad le tharoturo fixaă
verticaiy to the vovol of tue other turbino singe, vileh la tho dariaaos prom
duces the elíoot of tbe "Tinza ol Satura".
Thase obsorvations ronind so ai e cocplataly nou typo al airorait ubloa vas
derri sù during the soare I vorked in the rosaarab plant ol Profussos Junkasa
in Dostil, vhich was attrobed to the airplare faotorias laowa all avar tha roxla.
I do not know bou sauy of my cosortare aro rtill alive today, but I do laou that
Di. Hock, Prufessas at the Tochwienl High sobool of sorlin, and who was at that
tine Ey chlai and irland of sany fuslt, hau boen doportad to tha sordot ualos.
The DADo of ProSoBsor bock vas remor widoly Iara due to bin nodost abosaotex,
but bo ray hove bora the createst genius of Cernan aisplano thooratioa, and latar,
In viev of his estraoriiinary faovitios, ba var ranad basd constructor al tho ilinistr,
f Gorien Lisuiys anà Direotor of the corran iasüítuta of NirwayB KOSADTCh II
Berlin-ldlorstof.
In ordos to explein to a vides osrolo ol raadara the bario Idas of tha soss alr
craft, I should Ilko to antedt fiont the folioviay expistations:
tatay asaue s rat ai to lai da thai las ho conaidared tha seu solasoo os losa.
typamies slter the cursanoeiont oI puroly experivantal dosalopranta of Rircrasi
construotiaa vas tba Bunsiaa PrOfaDSOT
covali of 100o0%,
Dosose the firot Harld
War and togotber wità ay estorcad tancher, DS. Katte Iroa tha Iechnical Fich Sahool
Artte sapodded ta astabl daaa ide fanoua nigeredipai aquatgoa ot too Laundar,
Wi'l, stratun which for the firet tine throus 11nht on the procenms in cureat partiolos
and utich la any cano explatas for tha Ilrst thio theoratlaally the soason whJ a
plazoving oan boar a load villo soring forwerd thronna tho ait.
Stron thes tha
Zoro to the volocity of the l'orine Objoct talas plase. Il the objoat sa
stsca-liood then tha boundary atratua vill ondaavor not to gavor, no vhirlulada vill
cocui, and thosolora so l09s of ODorgy vIll tasa placo 1s that atratum. sinco
zaturo elvaya fmotions sont G00Donloally, 1t alvaya trlos to avoid loss al sperty,
and thoreforo a planoring vould ratbar boar vaight than cruso a dlaruption af the
coursa of the ousront and lot the vlog drop.
Tae logtoal canaluntona barad au thaso thaorotia diecorertar vora obriauzt
already la tho Jaer 1915 Prosonsos 1, C, Darea, alro Siva tha Tochatoal HilA Sebaal
oI stuttgart, soocirod a patont on tho "Spiltuiog" throves watch the artsllaial
Latarruption of thé couras ol the current, tha toastay af tho bauadary otratus end
the consoquant baling and disuniahlas al the leading apaad world ba attatsad. Tala
hui'.::(nes
PLIASE RITURS TO
ARINOX ANCHIVIS,

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 683, "chars": 4320, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00015283
CLTR ПЕКИОЮ! ACIOI
CO DEALTUL
istachsont 1
soondura was later appitad to a most estent to the stentor juano liustor du, sE
under the sara of "dingstrako".
niu patont bad to s hundea to the infus
fentory Mandion Paço altar World var I, uhiah explaium that the raza af 'Handlay.
Paro Splltring" 10 JOso vidaiJ toors.
lovaros, dovalopcants proccadad.
It was prinospelly the harodynasio loo
clattres prured that the conditions
of a rotattoo objant ero similes to thoro vatali appear la a "trenDiatrtIcIan"
sarasant. Thue aratred tha "Mattras ilatos".
Profonnor Juakass, baad of the yoll koon assplara vorke 1a Dassaul, sto Li
the JaRs 1915 roonirad din patabroans patent on tau ora-piece note, viar vitbour
junturos, ordasad a ramarat crour, walch van handon ly iralaazor usa coot, as
to which I had the bozor to balons, to unrootigato to vhat extent the wollit of
vine could be inoreased througa the attectant of a mottror iotor is the ahapo at
a cylinder turning at sent spood, 5to cylindas van trothirda of the longth of
the wing and was installod in the rosa of the wing, whose it could bast be ainpted
to the wing's proíllo. Io anaiot us vith cosodymario problada, the cottlagsa
Univernity Dent us PrOfoDsOI Pravati, Ibe exportments turzad out to bo extingal,
diffieult and Involved sany casualties. Ina puraly technical quastion at the
spaady uplit of a lons orlindes of light construction could sot ba solved et that
tribe.
Inexplicablo vibrations and aio breakages occurrad tloo altos tira stica
PrOfABSOs Juniors ordarad us to Lavestigata, and with uttch ve vare sacupied for sonths
Tot leas than lour ren, all exportanced and tried pilots of the ftrat world ior an
outstanding onginsors,
died so thesa expertiato. It me alert to us that only a
get-turbine could produca tha diroot uplist ol tao orlinar.
while sore pressing probleos guaitad solution, experivents with thie type of ati
assit vero intarruptai.
"aruwillo the lorod pando ExporiDental Justituto oi lottingon nado sou an.
enlightonin; discovariet.
Frafessor Betz found that BupErSanic БрейаБ, Бай в
ara produced by quicily rotatias propelloit, craatad entiraly sou conditions.
this investigation, bovevoi, pandad tha furaishing of a wind tunnal for supersonic
speads unlon could oriy be bullt rany years Inter, and waich after tha her was
forvarded to the Initad Statos uunsa it freatIJ sensad all salestista.
How light was obed on bany things. It was found that the tearing of the
boundary stratim at suporsonio sponda involved much creater sasistaroo, so that
an objoct vith fil at pupbario prossura practiosil, "hanga" fraa tile uppar Jajor
of ats, and tbooretionlIy experiences there the sara upllit aa an objaat at tha
sara artiaco in tha vater.
Ibe converting of the revalations found La TuBAaTch
Into reality, howover, snoded tha colution of the startine fos0o throuch a far-
turbine or anotber equivalent caobine or instrucanto
It had often boon aboarved that tbe rango of quelily rotating INADIlOs ("DraLl-
virtung") van nucl fronter then could da explained accordina to tha lava al
ballistios.
Parscoateni explanatlons waro sought for thie much an that the alr
IODiNtaRco
decreadas with groving speede. Today wo low that these quakly rotattic
sissilon "svin" in the eurrounding lajors of ass ard thoroloro loso part of thair
weight.
Pull clarification vas brought about only wiis supersonia speada, valed
vora ebtalood in the esporisentia with rockata (V-2) und vora erirad at by Mights
of bany buadrode and thousands of kilonatess, and wases car only be asplatiad by
tio vas in utian thesa idselles Iltarally "hone" la tho air. Ino surpriso of tho
spocialized soiontiste the voria over at the entounding rasults of the Gerran 7-2
was not lous than that which is protucad today by the appearanos of the ryutarlous
"Firing Disaa".
Is the sare way in union the sagonious discarinant al Prosaaros Juriara
pointed the way for asmplane contruction for the uhole vorld, thus also ray hle
Ides of attaching Mottror Rotora bavo a sorolutionasy actoot.
lispionas of this
type raot havo suca in eroTious aRrying capacity al to be practically casparabio
to ampalbious planas of too paro aleo.
Tas Lack of unlift produced by the Fattoos
rotors can postly do achinmad through the oblique pastilon as the entiro airplane
Alti':..
PLEAS
die in'li

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 75, "chars": 517, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00015283
::_
5D ДИ 27223.
Attaohsent 1
пізна
lo airo the possibility of attaching tortsantal auxhilary propollare of tha
mantloned iloro, only the devolopeant of a can-turbina coa briar too solution,
rinan it consints only of rotating pasta and vorios vita toe capendability of a
atoss engiro.
ibero 18 ORLy ora case guantlos to be enovarads could sual as sisureit
aubatances which relted up to 20 anta. of steal platon within fractious of a.
Iba future will alow voethor tho "Ilying Diacs" aso only the prodrata of
