{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T12:51:56Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 480785, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/c05516146-pdf-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "1c70b157df3accaf73cdff5fdef0aff378679f8eaa657d4e07a0d18da0d44db1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 2300, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00015464
COUNTRY
SUBJECT
HOW
PUBLISHED
WHERE
PUBLISHED
DATE
PUBLISHED
LANGUAGE
CLAS CATIONL t!...
CENTRAL ANIELLIGENCE ASENCY
INFORMATION FROM
FOREIGN DOCUMENTS OR RADIO AROADCASTE
CD tlO.
REPORT NO. 00-H-23682
(ersany"
MIlItary; 8010at191e
Даду пекаререт.
Athono
9 Пей 1952
Grook
DATE OF
INFORMATION
1952
DATE DIST. 23 11g 1952
NO. OF PAGES
SUPPLEMENT TO
REPORT NO.
THIS IS UNEVALUATED INFORMATION
SOURCE
I Iathlser1nl.
"YLIIG SAUCERS" I EAST GERMATY
Berlin, Jaly -. Juralabed vità tbe avora testlrony of as eyevitzers,
e 46-yeas-Oll GerIAD aDd IOTNeS JAyOr of Gleinerabaurea, dest
Berlia intelligence officers bere begua Ionestigatlag a DOst UAUEUal "1IYLA8
sancer" esary, According to thle stOrY, es objeet "Terembliro a buge flytig
pen" aud bariag a dinunter of about 15 ueters landed la a forest crearirs da
Linke recentiy enesped Iran the soriet Zona al0ng rita lis VISe sai siI
ctlldren.
Itzko and hir 11-year-oli drugbtor, Jabrialla, ade the sollortas avora
strtesent Inst veat before a judges
"unsie I vas returaing to ay hore rità
Gabriella, a tire of ry motoreyale blev out near the tova of lasseibach.
Vatle ve vert valklng alons tovara fennelbeon, Cabrlelle polutad out aona-
thiag Thieh ley at a dintance of about 1h0 netors avay fron ua. BinGe it
vau triligit, I though that she vas pointing at a young does.
: "I left ry notoreyele neer a tree asd valted tovard the apot vbios
Gabrielie bad potated out.
Ven, loverer, I reaobed a spot about 55 neter»
Tros the object, I realised that ly Israt lapreasion baé baas rros' çnas
I tad neen vere two nes vho vere nou about 40 netera avay ITaR e.
oosau to oo drenned lo sono mainy netallie clotutay. Iney vere stooper
mer and rere looking et nomething iytue on the eroue.
"I approscbed ant1I I vas only about 10 netera fica s3sz.
Over a sialI Tence aud "hes I poticed a large obleet vhose dinnateT I
estlrated to be betveen 13 and 15 retera. It looked Ilke e buge IsJing pas.
Ibere vere tro rove of boles os Its peripbery, about 30 centisetera is
eircraterencE.
Tae spact betuees the too rons vas abort 0.45 retera.
the top of this seted odject vas a black conleal tover about 3 metera bleo.
APPROVED FOR BELEASE
BATE auf.h.na..
221689
ARCHIVAL BECIMN
PISASE hitUr"
.AGENEY ARÉtANI..
pol
STATE
ARMY
X HAN
IX NI
CLASSIFICATION
X LSAD
Si rar

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 452, "chars": 2653, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00015464
00-11-23682
"At that sovent, my daughter, who bad renained a abort distance behind
se, called se. The tro usn must have hoard ry daughter'a voice becaure they
rodlately Lurped on the conscel toves ast dinappeared larsde..
"I had prerlously asted that one of the res bad a leup on the front part
of ate body which lit up at regular internals.
"How, the elde of the object as valch the holes til bees opened beges to
It's color sensed green but later turred to red. At the euro true I
begas io best a alight bus.
Walle the brigataers and bus inerranad, the
contral tover hagaa to alllo dova lato the cantes of tho object.
The whole
object then begor to rise siovly from tha groure sul rotato lite a top.
"It seesed to me as if it vere supported by the cylindrical plant ubich
bad gone dovn iron tae tor oi the object,
through the center, and had now
appoure? Iron its bottom on the fround.
"The object, surrounded by a ras of flares, vas son a certals number of
feet abore the ground.
- I then noted that the vhole object had Ilaes blowly froz the grosai. Ine "
eyllader on vhica it vas supported bad non disapposred fitblo Its center and
bad reappeared on the top of the object.
"The rate of climb had son becose sreater. At the save tine ny deughter
and I heard a vhintilng sound sisiler to that beard viber a boat falls.
"The object rose to a horizontal positios, turned tovari & neigaboring
tors, ans then, gatring altitude, it disappesred over the heights and foresta
is the direction of stoctheta."
Hany otiar persons vho 11re 1u the sare area as Ilke Inter related that
they saw an object which they thought to be a conet. I shepherd stated that
be thought that he was 100klng at a comet sortag avay at a lon altitude STOn
the beight on vaich ltake stood.
"After aubrittiog his testloony to tie fidge, Llake rade the tollowing
atateneat:
"I rould hers thougtt that both Ey
daugbter and I vere dreaming
If it vere not for the folloving element invoived: then the object had
dinsppearad, I vent to the place vhere it bed been, I found a etreular
opening in the ground and it vas quite erident that it rao freshly dug.
vas exactly the case bbape as the conical tover. I vas then conrinced that
I vas not dreantag."
Iloke continuad, "I bad never heard of the ters 'flying asucer before I
escaped frau the soriet Zone tato Hert Berlin.
When I sar this ougect, I
loodlately thought that it vas a Der Soviet Kelltary machine.
"I contess that I vas netted vith fright because the sorieta do not vant
anyare to kaon about their wort.
Many persona bare been restricted to theit
NOTeBents for auny yeers la fast Gersany becaune they KnoW too much."
