{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T14:55:28Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1992407, "source_ctime_ns": 1790470896314247269, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/command-and-control-c2-activities.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790470729190571316, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/command-and-control-c2-activities.pdf", "source_sha256": "cdce56225873851ea3e81f075cf5ccd5228cb144a37180ba116c3e4021aa88d9"}

AFDP 3-30 COMMAND AND CONTROL


                    CATALOG OF DOCTRINE TOPICS
                              Last Updated: 7 January 2020

Introduction to Command and Control

Commanding Airpower

Command Authorities and Relationships

Command and Control Mechanisms

Organizing Air Force Forces

Presenting Air Force Forces

Appendix A: Command Authorities and Relationships

Appendix B: The Air Operations Center

Appendix C: The Air Force Forces (AFFOR) Staff

Appendix D: Theater Air Control System

Appendix E: Definitions and Explanations of Terms


                                           1
                                AFDP 3-30 COMMAND AND CONTROL


                 INTRODUCTION TO COMMAND AND CONTROL
                                     Last Updated: 7 January 2020

THE AIR COMPONENT COMMANDER

Successful command and control (C2) of Air Force operations begins with the
commander. Joint forces are made up of a mixture of Service component commanders
assigned or allocated to the joint force commander (JFC) (e.g., the commander, Air
Force forces [COMAFFOR]) and functional component commanders designated by the
JFC (e.g., joint force air component commander [JFACC]).

Functional component commanders are designated by the JFC when forces of two or
more Military Departments must
operate within the same mission area
or physical domain. The JFC
designates a JFACC to establish unity    It is a given in future conflicts that the joint
of command and unity of effort for joint force will be conducting operations in a
air operations. The Service component    contested environment. We must be
commander with the preponderance of      prepared to execute in a degraded C2
forces and the ability to C2 joint air   environment where clearly delineated and
forces should be designated as the       forward thinking commander’s intent will be
JFACC. The JFACC is normally             a requirement. It is imperative senior
designated as the area air defense       leaders provide our commanders with
commander (AADC) and the airspace        conditions-based authorities delegated to
control authority (ACA) because these    the lowest capable and competent level,
three roles (JFACC, AADC and ACA)        and empower command by negation to
are integral to each other.              accept the appropriate level of risk, all while
1                                        working toward moments of clear C2.1
The COMAFFOR has responsibilities
and authorities derived from his or her                        - General Charles Q. Brown, Jr.,
roles in fulfilling the Service’s                               Commander, Pacific Air Forces


1 Conditions-based authorities are procedures for predetermining delegation of authority to subordinate

commanders in anticipation of degraded or lost communication with higher headquarters. Command by
negation allows subordinate commanders to conduct operations as they see fit unless denied by their
superior. Details for these procedures are provided in documents such as the air operations directive,
area air defense plan, airspace control plan, special instructions, and other amplifying guidance.
                                                    2
administrative control (ADCON) function. ADCON is the authority necessary to fulfill
Military Department Title 102 responsibilities for administration, support, and organizing,
training and equipping Air Force forces and is normally the senior Airman in theater.

The JFC in almost all cases designates the COMAFFOR as the JFACC. In accordance
with joint doctrine, the dual-designated air component commander will exercise
operational control (OPCON) and ADCON over Air Force forces as the COMAFFOR,
and tactical control (TACON) over Air Force forces and other Services’ forces made
available for tasking as the JFACC.

Since the COMAFFOR and JFACC are nearly always the same individual, this
annex makes use of the term, “air component commander” when referring to
duties or functions that could be carried out by either or both, clearly delineating
COMAFFOR or JFACC (or their respective staffs) only when discussing functions
that are unique to one or the other.


                     Control of Airpower in Contested Environments

    Air operations against a peer adversary in a contested environment are C2
    intensive, with a joint or combined air operations center orchestrating a
    multitude of simultaneous missions in support of the JFC. Using air, space,
    cyberspace and electromagnetic warfare assets, the mission commanders
    (TACON to the air component commander) plan different types of "packages"
    to defeat integrated air defense systems, interdict C2 and fielded forces, and
    gain control of the air. During these operations, forward based airpower can
    conduct air operations based on a standing "integrated tasking order" (ITO). In
    this air equivalent of mission command, forward based air expeditionary wings
    or task forces receive conditions based authorities with standing orders and
    commander's intent on the ITO. This empowers subordinate commanders with
    the flexibility to provide coverage of key defensive counterair combat air patrols
    (CAPs); air interdiction kill boxes; suppression of enemy air defense CAPs;
    close air support; or intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance in support
    of surface forces. This decentralized execution model enables local
    commanders to maintain pressure on the enemy even when disconnected from
    communications with higher headquarters due to a contested environment
    against a peer or near-peer adversary.


2 See United States Code, Title 10, Armed Forces, Subtitle D – Air Force.


                                                    3
KEY CONSIDERATIONS OF COMMAND AND CONTROL

Commanders should be cognizant of the authorities they are given and their
relationships under that authority with superior, subordinate, and lateral force
commanders. Command relationships should be clearly defined to avoid confusion. The
command of airpower requires intricate knowledge of the capabilities and
interdependencies of forces employed, and an understanding of the JFC’s intent.

ORGANIZING FOR COMMAND AND CONTROL

Modern military operations must execute across the competition continuum in a
complex global security environment. This requires the right mix of forces with clearly
defined command relationships and appropriate command and control mechanisms.

C2 and organization are inextricably linked. Forces should be organized around the
principle of unity of command. Clear lines of authority, with clearly identified
commanders at appropriate echelons, exercising appropriate control, are essential to
achieving unity of effort, reducing confusion, and maintaining priorities. Commanders
should be clearly identified and empowered with appropriate operational and
administrative command authorities, and appropriate joint command arrangements
should be clearly specified to integrate effects across Service lines. Air Force
expeditionary organization and preferred command arrangements are designed to
address unity of command.

When Air Force forces are assigned or attached as part of a joint force at any level (i.e.,
combatant command, subordinate unified command or joint task force), they become
the Air Force Service component to that JFC. All Air Force Service components have
three common features: Air Force forces tailored to the needs of the JFC and the tasks
to be performed, a single designated air component commander, and the appropriate
mechanisms and authorities to command the Air Force forces.

The manner in which attached Air Force expeditionary forces are organized will depend
upon whether or not there is an existing Air Force C2 structure in place. Combatant
commands (e.g., US Indo-Pacific Command) and subordinate unified commands (e.g.,
United States Forces Korea) have Air Force Service components with an established
Air Force C2 structure. Depending upon the combatant commander, the Air Force
Service component may be either a component major command (e.g., Pacific Air
Forces) or a component numbered air force (e.g., First Air Force [Air Forces Northern])

Additional Air Force expeditionary forces attached to a combatant commander should
normally organize within the existing Air Force Service component. For instance, an F-
16 squadron deployed from Shaw Air Force Base (AFB) for operations at Misawa
Airbase, Japan, should normally be designated as an expeditionary fighter squadron
(EFS), (e.g., 55 EFS) and should be organized under the in-place 35th Fighter Wing at
Misawa. However, if the combatant commander elects to establish a joint task force
(JTF) to include attached Air Force forces, there is no in-place Air Force command
structure for the JTF. In this case, a temporary air expeditionary task force (AETF)
                                             4
would be formed as the Air Force Service component to the JTF. The commander of the
AETF would either be the COMAFFOR directly responsible to the JTF commander, or
established in a supporting role to the JTF under the authority of the theater air
component commander.

Some capabilities may not be organic to the component and may be made available
through a supported / supporting command relationship, or be made available through
reachback or distributed C2 arrangements.


                                          5
                          AFDP 3-30 COMMAND AND CONTROL


                           COMMANDING AIRPOWER
                               Last Updated: 7 January 2020

OPERATIONAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE BRANCHES OF THE CHAIN
OF COMMAND

The President and the Secretary of Defense (SecDef) exercise authority and control of
the armed forces through two distinct branches of the chain of command and control
(C2). One branch runs from the President, through the SecDef to the combatant
commanders (CCDRs) for missions and forces assigned to their commands. This is
commonly referred to as the “operational branch” of the chain of command. The
“administrative branch” of the chain of command, runs from the President, through the
SecDef, to the Secretaries of the Military Departments, and as prescribed by the
Secretaries, to the commanders of military Service forces.

The Secretaries of the Military Departments exercise administrative control (ADCON)
over Service forces through their respective Service chiefs and Service commanders.
The Service chiefs, except as otherwise prescribed by law, perform their duties under
the authority, direction, and control of the Secretaries of the respective military
Departments to whom they are directly responsible.

The two branches of the chain of command merge at the air component commander.
Within the administrative branch, the commander, Air Force forces (COMAFFOR) is
delegated ADCON over assigned and attached Air Force forces from the Air Force
chain of command. Simultaneously, within the operational branch, the COMAFFOR is
delegated OPCON over assigned and attached Air Force forces, and ensures forces
are properly organized, trained, and equipped to be employed in support of the joint
force commander’s (JFC’s) operational requirements.

In summary, the air component commander normally holds both administrative
(ADCON) and operational control (OPCON) authority over Air Force forces and
tactical control (TACON) over other assigned or attached joint air forces.


                                            6
THE JOINT FORCE AIR COMPONENT COMMANDER (JFACC)

The JFACC should be the Service component commander with the
preponderance of forces to be tasked and the ability to plan, task, and control
joint air operations. If working with allies in a coalition or alliance operation, the
JFACC may be designated as the combined force air component commander (CFACC).

The JFACC recommends the proper employment of air component forces. The JFACC
also plans, coordinates, allocates, tasks, executes, and assesses joint air operations to
accomplish assigned operational missions. Because of the wide scope of joint air
operations, the JFACC typically maintains a similar theater-wide or joint
operations area (JOA)-wide perspective as the JFC.

Some of the JFACC tasks are listed below:

 Make recommendations to the JFC on proper employment of forces in air, space,
  and cyberspace.

 Accomplish assigned tasks for operational missions.

 Develop and recommend courses of action (COAs) to the JFC.

 Develop a strategy and operation plan that incorporates multi-domain solutions to
  fully exploit air, space, and cyberspace capabilities to support the JFC’s objectives.

 Develop a joint air operations plan (JAOP) and air, space and cyberspace
  operations directive(s) to support the JFC’s objectives.

 Recommend and implement, when passed down by the JFC, theater rules of
  engagement.

 Make air apportionment recommendations to the JFC.

 Normally serve as the supported commander for the following operations as directed
  by the JFC. As the supported commander, the JFACC has the authority to designate
  the target priority, effects, and timing of these operations. The JFACC also has
  authority to attack targets across the entire JOA in accordance with JFC guidance,
  to include coordinated targets within land and maritime areas of operations (AOs).

    Defensive counterair and offensive counterair.

    Close air support (CAS).

    Airborne intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance and incident awareness
     and assessment.

    Air mobility operations.
                                            7
    Strategic attack.

    Air interdiction.

 Normally serve as supporting commander, as directed by the JFC, for operations
  such as CAS, air interdiction within other components’ AOs, and maritime support.

 If so designated, act as airspace control authority (ACA), area air defense
  commander (AADC), space coordinating authority (SCA), and develop plans and
  products associated with these responsibilities.

    Conduct, control, coordinate, and integrate such aspects of space, cyberspace,
      and information operations as are delegated to the JFACC by the JFC.

 As required, perform the duties of the personnel recovery coordinator, including
  combat search and rescue (CSAR).

 Direct intratheater air mobility operations and coordinate them with intertheater air
  mobility operations.

 Coordinate support for special operations requirements with the joint force special
  operations component commander or the joint special operations task force
  commander.

 Perform assessment of air component operations at the operational (component)
  and tactical levels.

 Provide lateral liaisons with Army, Navy, Marines, and special operations
  components; as well as multinational and coalition partners; and integrate joint and
  partner liaisons into JFACC processes.

Refer to JP 3-30, Joint Air Operations, for more discussion of the JFACC.

THE COMMANDER, AIR FORCE FORCES

The COMAFFOR is the Air Force commander of an Air Force Service component
command assigned or attached to a JFC at the unified combatant command,
subordinate unified command, or joint task force (JTF) level. At the unified
combatant command level, the CCDR’s Air Force Service component is specified in the
Secretary of Defense’s (SecDef’s) Forces for Unified Commands memorandum. The
SecDef or CCDR may elect to permanently establish a subordinate unified command or
temporarily establish a subordinate JTF as part of his or her organizational structure.
Thus, in a theater without a dedicated air operations center or numerous air
expeditionary task forces exist, the position of COMAFFOR may exist
simultaneously at different levels within a given theater as long as each
COMAFFOR is separately assigned or attached to a different JFC.
                                            8
Command authorities are explained in more detail in Appendix A.

The COMAFFOR should normally be designated at a command level above the
operating forces and should not be dual-hatted as commander of one of the
subordinate operating units. This allows the COMAFFOR to focus at the operational
level of war, while subordinate commanders lead their units at the tactical level of war.

Operational Responsibilities of the COMAFFOR

When Air Force forces are assigned or attached to a JFC, the JFC normally receives
OPCON of these forces. This authority is best exercised through subordinate JFCs and
Service component commanders and thus is
normally delegated accordingly. If not delegated
OPCON, or if the stated command authorities
are not clear, the COMAFFOR should request
delegation of OPCON.

Administrative Responsibilities of the
COMAFFOR

Commanders of Air Force Service components
have responsibilities and authorities that derive
from their roles in fulfilling the Service’s ADCON
function. ADCON is the authority necessary to            [General MacArthur] had
fulfill Military Department Title 10 responsibilities    finished his talk, when one of
for administration and support. Among these              the correspondents said,
responsibilities are:                                    "General, what is the Air Force
                                                         doing today?" General
 Organization of Service forces                         MacArthur said, "Oh, I don't
                                                         know. Go ask General
 Control of resources and equipment                     Kenney.” The newspaperman
                                                         said, “General, do you mean to
 Personnel management                                   say you don't know where the
                                                         bombs are falling?" MacArthur
 Logistics                                              turned to him, grinned, and
                                                         said, "Of course I know where
 Individual and unit training                           they are falling. They are falling
                                                         in the right place. Go ask
 Readiness                                              General Kenney where it is."

 Mobilization & demobilization                                    — George C. Kenney,
                                                            General Kenney Reports: A
 Discipline                                                   Personal History of the
                                                                          Pacific War


                                               9
 Other matters not included in the operational missions of the subordinate or other
  organizations.

The COMAFFOR should be focused on and have authority for those administrative
branch tasks that are necessary to carry out the operational branch tasks as assigned
by the JFC. Within the administrative branch, the COMAFFOR has ADCON of all
assigned Air Force Service component forces. However, for non-assigned Air Force
forces attached to the Air Force Service component, the forward COMAFFOR should
normally have ADCON over those specific elements of administrative branch
responsibilities necessary to carry out the JFC’s operational missions. Which specific
elements of ADCON are delegated to the forward COMAFFOR and which are retained
by the home unit chain of command may require negotiation between the COMAFFOR
and the force provider and should be delineated in the appropriate deployment orders.

As the Service component commander to a JFC at any level, the COMAFFOR has the
following responsibilities commensurate with all attached forces, regardless of
MAJCOM or Air Force component (Regular, Guard, or Reserve):

 Organize, train, and sustain assigned and attached Air Force forces for CCDR-
  assigned missions.

    Prescribe the chain of command within the Air Force Service component.

    Maintain reachback between the Air Force component and other supporting Air
     Force elements. Delineate responsibilities between forward and rear elements.

    Provide training in Service-unique doctrine, tactical methods, and techniques.

    Provide for logistics and mission support functions normal to the command.

 Provide the JFC timely information on changes in logistics support that will affect
  operations.

 Maintain internal administration and ensure good order and discipline in accordance
  with the Uniform Code of Military Justice.

 Establish force protection and other local defense requirements.

 Provide Service intelligence matters and oversight of intelligence activities to ensure
  compliance with laws, executive orders, policies, and directives.

 Oversee the morale, welfare, safety, and security of assigned and attached forces.

Overlapping and interconnecting areas of ADCON shared among the various
commanders make it essential that appropriate written orders clearly state which
elements of ADCON authority and responsibility are executed by which commander.

                                           10
The COMAFFOR also has some ADCON responsibilities for Air Force elements and
personnel assigned to other joint force components (such as liaisons). For reserve
component forces, the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve Command retain all
other ADCON responsibilities, such as Reserve Component activation, inactivation,
partial mobilization, and length of tour. Additionally, antitheater forces, such as
intertheater airlift and forces transiting another COMAFFOR’s area of interest, are
subject to the ADCON authority of the respective COMAFFOR while transiting that
COMAFFOR’s area for administrative reporting and for TACON for force protection
requirements derived from the geographic CCDR.

COMAFFOR Authority to Declare Air Force Forces as “Organic”

Historically the Air Force has made all Air Force Service component forces available for
tasking by the JFC. However, it may be necessary to designate some Air Force forces
as “organic” to the Air Force Service component. These organic Air Force forces would
be those that are necessary for the COMAFFOR to properly organize, train, equip, and
employ Air Force forces to accomplish JFC objectives. Organic forces may be those Air
Force forces that are necessary and essential for the COMAFFOR to carry out his or
her responsibilities in either the administrative or the operational branch. In simple
terms, the Air Force Service component cannot function as designed without
organic forces.

Designation of a force as organic does not usurp the JFC’s authority to direct how that
force will be used or to whom it may be further attached. However, such decisions for
internal Service reorganization or transfer of organic forces should only be done in
consultation with the Service component commander. It is the Service component
commander who has the necessary expertise to understand the immediate impact and
long term mission cost of reorganizing Service forces. If an organic force is removed
from its parent command then the JFC must accept the risk that the Air Force Service
component can no longer perform the functions for which it was provided in the manner
for which it was designed. Ultimately it is the decision of the JFC to accept the risk but it
is the duty of the COMAFFOR to fully inform the JFC of the risk of transferring organic
forces.

COMAFFOR Use of Commercial Support to Operations

Commercial support to operations3 (CSO) includes commercially procured Host-Nation
Support acquired through Acquisition and Cross-Serving Agreements or Mutual
Logistics and Services Agreements and Operational Contract Support. CSO augments
Air Force forces, as necessary, to accomplish JFC objectives. As the use of CSO
increases, successful employment relies on proper planning, execution, and
management.


3 Also known as “contractor support to operations” (Joint Publication 1-02, DOD Dictionary of Military and

Associated Terms).
                                                    11
The COMAFFOR has responsibility for CSO personnel operating under the jurisdiction
of his or her command. The COMAFFOR can receive CSO from another Service,
combat support agency, or a joint contracting organization. Identifying and evaluating
risks when using CSO is critical to establishing the proper force employment strategy.
Ultimately, it is the decision of the COMAFFOR whether to use CSO or where and when
in the operation to utilize the capability.

COMAFFOR Responsibilities Specific to Commercial Support
Operations

When the COMAFFOR employs CSO, he or she has the following responsibilities:

 Determine the most appropriate source of commercial support to the operation.

 Perform risk assessment and vendor threat mitigation of contracted support to the
  operation, partner nations, and/or other host nation.

 Provide logistics support and base life support to contracted personnel accompanying
  the force on the land, sea, or air

 Develop appropriate supporting plans and implement information management tools
  to:

    Monitor and prioritize contract support requirements.

    Track contractor personnel with base access and logistics support.

    Report contractor accountability.

    Determine arming authorizations for contracted personnel.

    Evaluate contractor performance.

COMAFFOR Responsibilities Specific to a Combatant Commander

When the COMAFFOR is the CCDR’s Air Force Service component commander, he or
she also has the following additional operational and administrative responsibilities:

 Develop program and budget requests that comply with CCDR guidance on war-
  fighting requirements and priorities.

 Inform the CCDR (and any intermediate JFCs) of program and budget decisions that
  may affect joint operation planning.

 Support the CCDR’s theater campaign plans through development of appropriate
  supporting Service plans.

                                          12
    Develop steady-state strategy to support the CCDR’s strategy.

    Contribute to the development of CCDR steady-state campaign plans and
     security cooperation country plans.

    Develop campaign support plans in support of CCDR campaign plans.

    Develop security cooperation country support plans in support of CCDR security
     cooperation country plans.

    Recommend and implement policy and rules of engagement for the conduct of
     steady-state operations, including planning, execution, and assessment.

    Provide commander’s intent to inform tactical-level planning, execution, and
     assessment.

 Execute and assess steady-state operations.


                                          13
                           AFDP 3-30 COMMAND AND CONTROL


             COMMAND AUTHORITIES AND RELATIONSHIPS
                                Last Updated: 7 January 2020

Clear command relationships are central to effective operations and
organizations. Joint doctrine establishes four command relationships within the
operational branch of the chain of command: combatant command (command authority)
(COCOM), operational control (OPCON), tactical control (TACON), and support. These
authorities flow through joint channels, from the Secretary of Defense (SecDef) to the
combatant commanders (CCDRs), to subordinate joint force commanders (JFCs) if
established by the CCDR, and to Service or functional component commanders as
delegated by the JFC. The JFC normally delegates appropriate authorities to the
various subordinate functional and Service component commanders. The air
component commander (usually the functional joint force air component commander
[JFACC]) is normally delegated OPCON over own Service forces and TACON over
other joint air forces.

Administrative control (ADCON) delegated from the Secretary of the Air Force’s
statutory authorities through the Air Force Service chain, provides the COMAFFOR the
necessary authority to ensure that Air Force Service component forces are properly
organized, trained and equipped to accomplish those functions and tasks assigned by
the JFC. In accordance with Title 10, US Code, Armed Forces, the COMAFFOR’s
ADCON authority is subject to the operational authority of the combatant commander to
whom Air Force forces are assigned or attached.

Two other relationships, coordinating authority and direct liaison authorized
(DIRLAUTH), are useful for establishing collaborative relationships between
organizations.

These authorities are more completely described in Appendix A.

ASSIGNMENT AND ATTACHMENT OF FORCES

Assignment of Forces
Forces are assigned to combatant commands (CCMDs) by the SecDef’s Forces for
Unified Commands memorandum. Assignment of forces is relatively permanent. A force
assigned to a CCMD may be transferred from that command only as directed by the
                                            14
SecDef and under procedures prescribed by the SecDef and approved by the
President. A CCDR may subsequently organize assigned forces as necessary, to
include the establishment of subordinate unified commands and joint task forces (JTFs).
Establishing authorities for subordinate unified commands and JTFs may direct the
assignment or attachment of their forces to those subordinate commands as
appropriate.

Allocation and Attachment of Forces
When a CCDR requires more forces or capabilities than those already assigned, he or
she may request additional forces be allocated and attached to that gaining command.
Attachment of forces, unlike assignment of forces, is temporary. These forces may be
sourced from other CCDRs or Service-retained forces and attached for continuing
presence or operations on an annual rotational basis or may be attached for emerging
contingencies. Forces allocated and attached for either annual or emergent
requirements are identified and transferred in accordance with procedures in the
SecDef’s Global Force Management Implementation Guidance (GFMIG) and Chairman
of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Manual series 3130.06, Global Force Management Allocation
Policies and Procedures. Annual rotational forces are normally listed in a SecDef
deployment order called the Global Force Management Allocation Plan (GFMAP).
Forces identified for emergent contingencies are detailed in a modification to the
GFMAP. The command relationship the gaining commander will exercise over such
attached forces (and the losing commander will relinquish) should be specified by the
SecDef in an establishing directive. The SecDef will normally attach forces with
specification of operational control (OPCON) to the gaining CCDR.

COMMAND RELATIONSHIP MODELS FOR AIR FORCE FORCES
The deployment order (DEPORD) is the primary instrument for transferring forces
and establishing supported and supporting relationships between CCDRs. Forces
may also be transferred by an execute order which executes an approved
operation plan. Other orders created during the planning process, such as warning
orders, planning orders, alert order, or fragmentary orders, may also specify or shape
command relationships, but they do not transfer forces. The SecDef, as the only
authority for transferring forces between CCDRs, normally approves DEPORDs. This
DEPORD should specify to which CCDR the deployed forces are assigned or attached
and the command relationship (OPCON or TACON) to be exercised by the gaining
commander. While the JFC ultimately has the authority to determine the delegation of
command among subordinates, Air Force commanders should make consistent
recommendations and present forces in a consistent manner to the JFC.

For Air Force forces, there are four general models for command relationships.
Considerations for these relationships should include the ability of gaining commands to
receive the forces and to command and control them appropriately, the characteristics
and support requirements of the forces involved, and the operating locations of the
forces.

                                           15
In-Theater Forces

In general, when Air Force forces deploy into a theater to conduct operations, OPCON
of those forces should normally go forward to the CCDR to whom the President or
SecDef has assigned responsibility for accomplishing the mission. Since not all
elements of ADCON authorities and responsibilities are transferred to the forward-
based gaining commander, ADCON can and does run concurrently between the gaining
COMAFFOR and the parent organizations of the deployed forces. Which elements of
ADCON are specified to the forward COMAFFOR and which are retained by the parent
organization should be clearly specified.

Out-of-Theater Forces

There are two general cases in which Air Force forces may execute missions inside a
theater of operations while based outside the theater. These cases involve forces based
in the continental US (CONUS), and forward-based forces operating outside the
CONUS (OCONUS) and outside the geographic CCDR’s area of responsibility (AOR).

 CONUS-Based Forces that launch from their CONUS home station, conduct
  operations in another theater, and recover in CONUS should normally be transferred
  with the appropriate command relationship (OPCON or TACON) to the supported
  CCDR at a designated date/time group or geographic point. ADCON should remain
  with the original Air Force command. CONUS-based forces that do not deploy, but
  provide support to forward-based operations, normally remain under the OPCON
  and ADCON authority of their owning command chain and establish support
  relationships with their forward customers. (Note: see related discussion on
  reachback and distributed operations in this section.)

 OCONUS Forces outside the AOR should be OPCON to the CCDR executing the
  mission, while ADCON is best specified to the COMAFFOR of the AOR in which
  they bed down. An example of this situation would be bombers stationed at Diego
  Garcia in the US Indo-Pacific Command AOR, but conducting operations under the
  command of US Central Command (USCENTCOM). The Commander,
  USCENTCOM would exercise OPCON and TACON of the bombers through the air
  component commander to US Air Forces Central. The Commander, Pacific Air
  Forces (PACAF), would exercise specified elements of ADCON through the
  established PACAF organizational structure but would have no operational
  responsibility or authority over the forces attached to Commander, USCENTCOM.

Transient Forces
Per Joint Publication (JP) 1, Doctrine for the Armed Forces of the United States,
geographic or local commanders do not normally exercise OPCON of transient forces.
However, such forces are subject to local force protection, general orders, dining,
lodging, and administrative reporting requirements.


                                          16
Forces in Exercises

Forces participating in joint exercises under the orders of a CCDR should normally be
under the OPCON of the sponsoring CCDR. With the exception of the USNORTHCOM
AOR, a geographic CCDR has TACON for exercise purposes for forces conducting
exercises within his/her AOR. In this context, TACON provides directive authority over
exercising forces for purposes relating to that exercise only; it does not authorize
operational employment of those forces.

FUNCTIONAL FORCES

Functional forces satisfy mission requirements across multiple AORs and are thus best
centrally controlled by their functional CCDR. For such forces, the functional CCDR
frequently retains OPCON of assigned forces and executes as supporting commander
to the supported geographic CCDR. In those cases where functional forces bed down in
a geographic CCDRs AOR, the Air Force host base commander (or senior Air Force
officer present on the installation, if the Air Force is a tenant) normally exercises
TACON for force protection and a minimum degree of ADCON for Uniform Code of
Military Justice enforcement, dining and lodging, and some limited force reporting. (See
the discussion on ADCON responsibilities of host installation commanders in this
annex).

Transfer of Functional Forces to a Geographic Command

In some situations, a geographic commander may request additional functional forces
beyond those apportioned or allocated during contingency planning. The decision to
transfer functional forces, with specification of OPCON to a geographic CCDR, should
be balanced against competing needs across multiple AORs. In some cases, the
requirement for OPCON over specific forces to accomplish the geographic CCDR’s
missions may be of higher priority than the competing worldwide mission requirements
of the functional CCDR. Therefore, after coordination with the owning functional
commander and upon SecDef approval, functional forces may be transferred to the
geographic command and organized accordingly.

The decision to attach additional functional forces has two parts. First, the decision
should consider whether:

 The geographic CCDR will use the forces at or near their full capability with little or
  no residual capability for other global missions.

 The forces will be used regularly and frequently over a period of time, not just for a
  single mission employment.

 The geographic commander has the ability to effectively command and control (C2)
  the forces.


                                            17
If the answer to all three conditions above is “yes,” then the functional forces
should be attached to the geographic CCMD. If any of the above conditions are
answered “no,” then the functional forces should remain under the OPCON of the
functional CCDR’s air component commander and be tasked in support.

If the decision is to attach forces, the second decision is whether the forces should be
attached with specification of either OPCON or TACON.

 Specification of OPCON: OPCON “provides authority to organize and employ
  commands and forces as the commander considers necessary to accomplish
  assigned missions. It does not include authoritative direction for logistics or matters
  of administration, discipline, internal organization, or unit training” (JP 1).

 Specification of TACON: TACON is “the authority over forces that is limited to the
  detailed direction and control of movements or maneuvers within the operational
  area necessary to accomplish missions or tasks assigned.” JP 1 states “[w]hen
  transfer of forces to a joint force will be temporary, the forces will be attached to the
  gaining command, and JFCs, normally through the Service component commander,
  will exercise OPCON over the attached forces.” While it is possible for the SecDef
  to attach forces across CCMD lines with the specification of TACON rather than
  OPCON, this would deviate from joint doctrine and would result in a chain of
  command with OPCON and TACON split between two different CCDRs.

REACHBACK AND DISTRIBUTED OPERATIONS

Reachback

Reachback is defined as “the process of obtaining products, services, and
applications, or forces, or equipment, or material from organizations that are not
forward deployed” (JP 3-30, Joint Air Operations). Reachback may be provided from a
supporting or supported relationship or by Service-retained forces. This relationship
gives the air component commander the support necessary to conduct operations while
maintaining a smaller deployed footprint.

Distributed Operations

Distributed operations are defined as operations when independent or
interdependent forces, some of which may be outside the joint operations area,
participate in the operational planning and/or operational decision-making
process to accomplish missions and objectives for commanders. Forces
conducting distributed operations should be assigned or attached to a combatant
command. The design of a distributed operation should enable a more survivable C2
network through distribution of tasks, information, and responsibilities. In some
instances, the commander may establish a formal supported or supporting relationship


                                            18
between distributed nodes. In
other instances, distributed nodes               Remotely Piloted Aircraft and
may have a horizontal                              Remote Split Operations
relationship. Technology enables
more participants from greater           Current remotely piloted aircraft (RPA)
distances to create and manage           technology provides effective employment
complex networks for distributed         capabilities as well as unique C2
operations.                              challenges. One solution is a concept
                                         called remote split operations (RSO).
Split Operations
                                         RSO refers to the geographical separation
Split operations are distributed         of the RPA from its launch and recovery
operations conducted by a                crew, typically bedded down in a
single C2 entity that is                 geographic combatant commander’s
separated between two or more            (CCDR) operational area, and from the
geographic locations. A single           mission crew, which generally remain in
commander should have oversight          the continental US. This enables the
of all aspects of a split C2             extension of RPA capabilities to almost
operation. For example, sections         anywhere in the world through a distributed
of the air tasking order may be          secure network.
developed from a rear area or
backup operation center to reduce        For RSO, the in-theater RPA and launch
the deployed air operations center       crew are typically assigned or attached to
(AOC) footprint.                         the CCDR, similar to other in-theater
                                         forces. However, the CONUS mission crew
Although distributed and split           and control center may be formally
operations are similar to                attached to the CCDR based on Secretary
reachback, there is one major            of Defense-established global priorities
difference. Reachback provides           and requirements, and can “swing” to
ongoing combat support such              support other CCDRs as those priorities
as products, services, or                and requirements change. This allows
equipment to the operation               significant flexibility in RPA tasking and
from the rear, while a                   support, while allowing these high-demand
distributed or split operation           assets to best meet warfighter needs.
indicates actual involvement in
operational planning or decision-
making.

The decision to establish distributed or split operations invokes several tradeoffs:

 The fewer personnel or forces deployed forward, the less support is required to be
  pushed across great distances; however, face-to-face interaction between forward
  and rear decision makers may be limited, and decision making timelines may
  stretch.


                                            19
 Having fewer personnel or forces forward reduces security requirements; however,
  their expertise is no longer immediately at hand for ad hoc problem solving.

 Reachback requires more bandwidth for communications. These links may then
  become critical vulnerabilities. However, a distributed operation may arguably be
  more survivable and less prone to single-point failure.

MULTINATIONAL OPERATIONS
Multinational operations are operations conducted by forces of two or more nations, and
are usually undertaken within the structure of a coalition or alliance.

 An alliance is “the relationship that results from a formal agreement [e.g., a
  treaty] between two or more nations for broad, long-term objectives that further
  the common interests of the members” (JP 3-0, Joint Operations).

 A coalition is an arrangement between two or more nations for common
  action. Coalitions are formed by different nations with different objectives, usually
  for a single occasion or for longer cooperation in a narrow sector of common
  interest.

Commanders may not have the same defined degree of control over coalition
forces as a US-only force; degrees of control may have to be negotiated.
Sometimes, existing non-US controls may be used, as may be encountered in North
Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) operations by the use of NATO operational
command, OPCON, NATO tactical command, and TACON; commanders and staff
should be aware of the different nuances. Finally, each nation may retain its own chain
of command over its forces and its own rules of engagement; thereby further
complicating unity of command. Thus, the challenge in multinational operations is the
effective integration and synchronization of available capabilities toward the
achievement of common objectives through unity of effort despite disparate C2
structures, capabilities, equipment, and procedures.

For additional details and considerations refer to JP 3-16, Multinational Operations

Multinational and Interagency Coordination
Many operations involve military forces of allies, and many operations also involve
intergovernmental organizations (IGOs), nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), and
regional organizations. Direct command over these various entities is frequently not
possible, and unity of effort rather than unity of command becomes the goal.

Interagency coordination is “the coordination that occurs between elements of the
Department of Defense [DOD], and participating United States Government agencies
and departments for the purpose of achieving an objective” (JP 3-0). Attaining national
objectives requires the efficient and effective use of the diplomatic, informational,

                                            20
economic, and military instruments of national power supported by and coordinated with
those of our allies and various IGOs, NGOs, and regional organizations.

 “Interagency coordination is conducted between elements of DOD and relevant
  USG departments and agencies to achieve unity of effort. Interagency coordination
  links the US military and the other instruments of national power.

 Interorganizational coordination refers to broader interaction among elements of
  the DOD; relevant USG departments and agencies; state, territorial, local, and tribal
  agencies; foreign military forces and government agencies; international
  organizations; NGOs; the private sector; and other mission partners.” (JP 3-08,
  Interorganizational Cooperation)

As with multinational operations, C2 is not as straightforward as within a US-only
joint force, and unity of effort is the goal.


                                           21
                                AFDP 3-30 COMMAND AND CONTROL


                     COMMAND AND CONTROL MECHANISMS
                                      Last Updated: 7 January 2020

AIR COMPONENT STAFF

The air component commander requires an appropriately sized and configured C2
capability to effectively command and control the Air Force Service component and joint
air forces made available for tasking. This C2 capability includes an air component staff
and an AOC. When the JFC follows normal doctrinal recommendation and practice and
designates the COMAFFOR to be the JFACC then the COMAFFOR’s C2 structure, with
joint augmentation, forms the basis for the JFACC’s C2 structure.

The staff of the air component (both Service and joint functional) is the mechanism
through which the commander exercises responsibilities across the continuum of
conflict.4 These responsibilities include the deployment, basing, sustainment, and
redeployment of Air Force forces. The staff supports the commander in both operational
and administrative responsibilities. The operational responsibilities include the planning,
execution, and assessment of steady-state operations in support of the combatant
commander’s (CCDR’s) theater campaign plan. The administrative responsibilities
include those activities for organizing, training, and equipping Air Force forces.

An air component staff should be ready to fill one or more roles: that of a theater-wide
Air Force Service component, an Air Force warfighting component within a joint task
force (JTF), or the core within a JTF headquarters. In the latter case, the air component
staff would require augmentation from outside the theater and by other Service
personnel to meet manning requirements. Regardless, the air component staff should
be trained and ready to transition from steady state to contingency operations. When
able, commanders should avoid dual- or triple-hatting their staff.5

The staff’s function is to support and assist the air component commander in preparing
to carry out the functions and tasks assigned by the joint force commander (JFC). The

4 The “conflict continuum” described in Joint Publication (JP) 3-0, Joint Operations, is expanded by Joint
Doctrine Note 1-19, Competition Continuum, 3 Jun 19. “Competition continuum” is expected to be the
accepted phrase in the next iteration of JP 3-0, but “conflict continuum” remains in joint doctrine at
present.
5 Workload distribution and recommendations on augmentation derived from lessons learned during

Exercise AUSTERE CHALLENGE 2010.
                                                    22
staff’s responsibilities will vary depending on the level of the JFC to which the air
component is assigned or attached.

See Appendix B, which outlines C2 structures and the basic air operations center
(AOC). Appendix C provides a summary of baseline Air Force forces (AFFOR) and air
component staff organization.

AIR OPERATIONS CENTER
With joint augmentation, the AOC becomes the joint AOC (JAOC). With joint, coalition,
or other multinational augmentation, the AOC becomes the combined AOC (CAOC).

AOCs do not work in isolation; they require connectivity to operations centers of
higher headquarters, to lateral headquarters (e.g., other joint force components), to
subordinate assigned and attached Air Force units, and to other functional and
geographic AOCs.

Both the air component staff and the AOC perform warfighting functions and should
work together to fulfill air component responsibilities to the JFC. An AOC, along with
subordinate C2 elements, should be tailored to the requirements of the mission. An
AOC should be capable of performing the following tasks:

 Develop the component strategy and requisite planning products.

 Task, execute, and assess day-to-day component operations.

 Plan and execute intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) tasks
  appropriate to assigned missions.

 Conduct operation assessment.

AOC tasks may include integrating intertheater air mobility support; developing and
issuing airspace control procedures; and providing direction for theater air and missile
defense. Defensive cyberspace operations and defensive counterspace activities are
coordinated with responsible operations centers and headquarters through the
DIRSPACEFOR and DIRCYBERFOR.

AOCs and their subordinate C2 elements may be geographically oriented or functionally
oriented. To bring all the Air Force’s capabilities together for a given operation or
activity, the AOCs normally work together in a mutually supporting command
arrangement, with one of them designated as the supported center.
For more detailed guidance on internal structure and procedures, refer to Air Force
Instruction 13-1AOC, Volume 3, Operational Procedures-Air Operations Center.


                                             23
Liaisons in the AOC
The air component commander may have a number of liaison teams and liaison officers
(LNOs) within the AOC to facilitate planning and execution among the other
components in the joint force.

Component Liaisons. Component liaisons work for their component commanders and
with the air component commander and staff. Each component provides liaison
elements that work within the AOC and AFFOR staff. These liaison elements consist of
specialists who provide component planning and tasking expertise and coordination
capabilities. They integrate, coordinate, and deconflict their component’s participation in
joint air component operations. The air component may require other liaison
augmentation to support AOC functions such as security, intelligence and other aviation
elements.

Battlefield Coordination Detachment (BCD). The BCD supports integration of air
component operations with Army operations. BCD personnel are integrated into AOC
divisions to support planning, operations, air defense, ISR, airlift, logistics, airspace
control, and communications. The BCD coordinates ground force priorities, requests,
and items of interest. One of the BCD’s most important functions is to coordinate
boundary line and fire support coordination measures changes and timing. The BCD
provides ground order of battle situational awareness and expertise to the AOC.

Naval and Amphibious Liaison Element (NALE). The NALE personnel from the
maritime components support the AOC in integrating maritime air, fires, amphibious
operations, and other activities into theater air operations, and monitor and interpret the
maritime battle situation for the AOC. When required, the NALE brings maritime order of
battle (both friendly and enemy) situational awareness, and provides update and
intelligence briefings.

Marine Liaison Element (MARLE). MARLEs are representatives of the commander,
Marine Forces and the associated aviation combat element commander. The MARLEs
support the air component commander in integrating Marine air-ground task force
(MAGTF) fires, maneuver, and Marine air into the theater campaign and supporting joint
air operations plan. This team should be well versed in the MAGTF commander’s
guidance, intentions, schemes of maneuver, and direct support aviation plan.

Special Operations Liaison Element (SOLE). The joint force special operations
component commander (JFSOCC) provides a SOLE to the air component commander.
The SOLE coordinates, synchronizes, and deconflicts special operations forces’ air,
surface, and subsurface operations within the operational area through the air tasking
order and airspace control order. The SOLE chief, serving as the JFSOCC’s
representative to the air component commander, places LNOs throughout the AOC
staff.

Coalition and Allied LNOs. LNOs representing coalition and allied forces may improve
AOC situational awareness regarding the disposition of friendly forces, especially when
                                             24
those forces do not have a mature theater air control system. They are essential for
unity of effort for coalition or allied air defense operations and airspace deconfliction.
AOC directors should anticipate the need for LNOs in an immature theater and seek
them out via the JFC’s staff, in-country military group, staff country team, or direct
contact with coalition forces.

JOINT AIR COMPONENT COORDINATION ELEMENT

The air component commander may establish one or more joint air component
coordination elements (JACCEs) with other component commanders’ headquarters,
and the supported JTF headquarters, to better integrate operations. These elements act
as the air component commander’s primary representatives to the respective
commanders and facilitate interaction with their staffs.

It is recommended that a JACCE be provided to any sub-theater JFC below the 3-star
level of command. This enables the theater air component commander to provide Air
Force forces in a supporting role as required, while maintaining the proper level of
required command and control be retained at the theater commander level for JOA-wide
operations.

The JACCE facilitates integration by exchanging intelligence, operational data, and
support requirements. The JACCE coordinates the integration of airspace coordinating
measures, fire support coordination measures, close air support, and air mobility. The
JACCE is a liaison element, not a command and control node, and has no authority to
direct or employ forces. However, a joint force air component commander, and other
Service components, may delegate certain authorities to a JFC assigned JACCE, based
on operational requirements and to enhance overall C2 and integration and
employment. Element expertise may include plans, operations, intelligence, airspace
management, logistics, space, cyberspace, and air mobility. The JACCE communicates
the supported JTFs or component commander’s decisions and interests to the theater
air component commander. The JACCE director is the air component commander’s
personal and official representative and should have sufficient rank to effectively work
with the component or JTF commander to which he or she is attached. Finally, the
JACCE director should not be dual-hatted as the commander of a tactical unit.

The JACCE should:

 Ensure the air component commander is aware of each commander’s priorities and
  plans.

 Ensure the air component commander staff coordinates with components or JTF
  headquarters counterparts.

 Ensure appropriate commanders are aware of the air component commander’s
  capabilities and limitations.


                                             25
 Ensure appropriate commanders are aware of the air component commander’s plan
  to support the JFC’s intent and objectives.

 Facilitate air component commander processes with component and JTF
  commanders.

 Provide oversight of other air component commander liaisons to component and JTF
  headquarters staffs.

 Ensure information flows properly between the AOC, sister components, and JFC.

For further readings on recent JACCE operations in Afghanistan, see the article “NATO
Air Command–Afghanistan: The Continuing Evolution of Airpower Command and
Control” in Volume 28, No. 1 of Air and Space Power Journal.


                                         26
                          AFDP 3-30 COMMAND AND CONTROL


                      ORGANIZING AIR FORCE FORCES
                               Last Updated: 7 January 2020

Organization is critically important to effective and efficient operations. It is
essential that Airmen understand the fundamentals of Air Force and joint
organization, command relationships, and responsibilities of the senior Air Force
commander.

The Air Force Service component command is the organizational structure for Air
Force forces assigned or attached to a joint force commander (JFC). Combatant
commands and subordinate unified commands typically have assigned Air Force
Service component commands (component major command [C-MAJCOM] or
component numbered Air Force [C-NAF]) to which additional expeditionary forces
may be attached as required for operations. Joint task forces (JTF) normally do not
have standing Air Force structures and require the Air Force establish an Air
Expeditionary Task Force (AETF) as a temporary Air Force Service component
command. The commander of the AETF would either be the commander, Air Force
forces (COMAFFOR) directly responsible to the JTF commander, or established in a
supporting role to the JTF under the authority of the theater air component
commander. If appropriate, the commander of the AETF may also be designated as a
JACCE to the supported JTF commander.

REGIONAL ORGANIZATION AND CONTROL
All military missions are ultimately under the authority of a JFC at the
appropriate level. If the entire theater is engaged, the combatant commander
(CCDR) may be the JFC. If the situation is less than theater-wide, the CCDR may
establish a subordinate JTF commanded by a subordinate JFC.

 Within a joint force, the JFC may organize forces in a mix of Service and functional
  components. All joint forces contain Service components, because
  administrative and logistics support are provided through Service components.

 The JFC may also establish functional component commands when forces from
  two or more military Services operate in the same dimension or domain, or there is
  a need to accomplish a distinct aspect of the assigned mission.


                                           27
FUNCTIONAL ORGANIZATION AND CONTROL

Many types of airpower are capable of serving more than one geographic CCDR at a
time. Such forces are organized under functional CCDRs to facilitate cross-area of
responsibility (AOR) optimization. When such forces are deployed in a geographic
CCDR’s AOR, they may remain under the operational control (OPCON) of their
respective functional CCDR and operate in support of the geographic CCDR, or with
Secretary of Defense (SecDef) approval, they may be transferred to a geographic
commander and attached with specification of OPCON or tactical control (TACON).

THE AIR EXPEDITIONARY FORCE

To address growth in diverse regional commitments, the Air Force established the
air expeditionary force (AEF) concept as a means to provide Air Force forces and
associated support on a rotational, and more predictable, basis. AEFs provide a
source of readily trained operational and support forces. They do not provide a
commander (specifically, a COMAFFOR) or the necessary command and control
(C2) mechanisms. Thus, AEFs by themselves are not discrete, employable entities.
Forces sourced from AEFs should be integrated with in-theater command
structures, and link up with in-theater Air Force forces (which may be in the form of
an AETF).

Refer to Air Force Instruction (AFI) 10-401, Air Force Operations Planning and
Execution, for further details.

THE AIR EXPEDITIONARY TASK FORCE

The AETF is the organizational structure for Air Force forces to execute
operational tasking when there is not an existing Air Force structure prepared
to accept expeditionary forces. The AETF provides a task-organized, integrated
package with the appropriate balance of force, sustainment, control, and force
protection.

The AETF presents a scalable, tailorable organization with three elements: a single,
clearly designated commander, appropriate C2 mechanisms, and tailored and
fully supported forces.

“Single Commander…”
In the context of joint organization, a single commander presents one Air Force
position to the JFC and results in clear lines of authority. The AETF commander is the
senior Air Force warfighter and exercises the appropriate degree of control over the
forces assigned, attached, or in support of the AETF. Within the joint force, these
degrees of control are formally expressed as OPCON, TACON, or support. Within
Service lines, the AETF commander exercises administrative control (ADCON).


                                           28
“Appropriate Command and Control Mechanisms…”

The AETF commander requires command mechanisms to exercise appropriate
operational and Service administrative control. An AETF attached with specification of
OPCON to a JTF, will include a COMAFFOR under the OPCON of that JTF
commander. However, due to resource constraints in both manning and equipment,
the theater air component normally will not have sufficient resources to provide the
AETF with a C2 capability adequate for being designated as a JTF level joint force air
component commander (JFACC). The CCDR should direct the theater air component
commander to retain TACON over joint air forces and be established in support to the
JTF commander. This support relationship may be enabled through a JACCE
appointed by the theater air component commander. The AETF commander will
provide C2 through clearly delineated commander’s intent that is forward thinking. It is
imperative these commanders have conditions-based authorities, empowered
command by negation while accepting the appropriate level of risk, all while working
towards moments of clear C2 back to the theater level air component commander.

Within the authorities and responsibilities of ADCON, the COMAFFOR oversees the
deployment and sustainment of Air Force forces, normally through the Air Component
staff and subordinate Service organizations (e.g., wings, groups, squadrons, etc.).
Sustainment activities are critical to the successful accomplishment of operational
functions, and should be fully integrated with and complementary to the air operations
center’s (AOC’s) operational activities.

“Tailored and Fully Supported Forces…”
The AETF should be tailored to the mission; this includes not only forces, but also the
ability to command and control those forces for the missions assigned. It should draw
first from in-theater resources, if available. If needed the AETF will likely draw from the
AEF currently on rotation. These forces, whether in-theater or deployed from out of
theater, should be fully supported with maintenance, logistical, health services, and
administrative elements.

AETF Organization

The AETF commander organizes forces as necessary into wings, groups, squadrons,
flights, detachments, or elements to provide reasonable internal spans of control,
command elements at appropriate levels, and to retain unit identity.

Numbered Expeditionary Air Force

Numbered expeditionary Air Force (NEAF) is the generic title for an AETF made up
of multiple expeditionary wings and is the largest sized AETF. NEAFs normally carry
an appropriate numerical designation based on numbered Air Forces (NAFs)
historically associated with the region or command.


                                             29
Air Expeditionary Task Force-X

“Air Expeditionary Task Force-X” (AETF-X) is the generic title used when a provisional
Air Force command echelon is needed between a component numbered Air Force (C-
NAF) or NEAF and an air expeditionary wing (AEW). AETF-X is used when a C-NAF
or NEAF-level AETF establishes a subordinate provisional command echelon
consisting of two or more AEWs. An example of this usage is when the Commander,
US Air Forces Central (USAFCENT) established two subordinate AETFs, 9 AETF-Iraq
(AETF-I) and 9 AETF-Afghanistan (AETF-A), to provide command over multiple AEWs
in their respective joint operations areas.

Depending on why this echelon is established, and its relationship within Service
and joint force organizations, the AETF-X commander may or may not be a
COMAFFOR. See “Air Force Component Presentation Considerations” for further
discussion.

Air Expeditionary Wing

AEW is the generic title for a deployed wing within an AETF. An AEW normally is
composed of the wing command element and subordinate groups and squadrons.
AEWs normally carry the numerical designation of the wing providing the command
element. An AEW may be composed of units from different wings, but where possible,
the AEW is formed from units of a single wing.

Air Expeditionary Group

Air expeditionary group (AEG) is the generic title for a deployed group assigned to an
AEW or a deployed independent group assigned to an AETF. Expeditionary groups
that deploy independent of a wing structure should contain elements of all the
functions needed to conduct semi-autonomous operations. An AEG is comprised of a
command element and some squadrons.

If deployed as an independent group, the AEG commander normally reports to the air
component commander. If deployed as a group subordinate to an expeditionary wing,
the AEG commander reports to the AEW commander. The AEG is normally the
smallest independently deployable AETF.

Air Expeditionary Squadron

Air expeditionary squadron is the generic title for a deployed squadron within an AETF.
Deployed squadrons (assigned or attached) retain their numerical designation and
acquire the “expeditionary” designation. An individual squadron is not designed to
conduct independent operations; it normally requires support from other units to obtain
the synergy needed for sustainable, effective operations. If a single operational
squadron or squadron element is all that is needed to provide the desired operational
effect (e.g., an element of C-130s performing humanitarian operations), it should

                                           30
deploy with provision for support and C2 elements as well as ability for reachback
support.

Expeditionary Elements below Squadron Level

The Air Force may deploy elements below the squadron level for specific, limited
functions, often as individuals or specialty teams. For ADCON purposes, these
elements should normally be attached to the commander of a larger Air Force entity in
the region.

Exercising ADCON over small, remotely located Air Force elements has posed
challenges for the Air Force component headquarters.

Designation of Expeditionary Units

An AETF is named based on the unit providing the senior-echelon command
function, its size, and the operation name.

Units operating from their normally assigned, in-place location, such as permanently
assigned units in Korea under US Indo-Pacific Command need not adopt
expeditionary nomenclature. The overall operation, however, should still be modeled
as an AETF to delineate clear chains of operational and administrative authority.
Other deployed wings, groups, and squadrons that are not assigned or attached to
the AETF, but provide significant support (such as airlift and air refueling units in the
intertheater air bridge), may be designated “expeditionary” at the discretion of their
owning major command or Service component commander.

Provisional Units

In some instances, expeditionary forces may not form around active numbered units,
when there are insufficient active numbered units in the AEF rotation to satisfy a very
large operation or a single major force provider cannot be identified. In such cases,
provisional units may be created using predesignated inactive units. A unit under a
single provisional unit designation should also be considered to provide continuity of
operations for extended contingency operations in which units are frequently rotated in
and out (e.g., Operations SOUTHERN WATCH and IRAQI FREEDOM).

Examples of AETFs

Component AETF

When directed, an AETF may be formally attached to a joint force at the JTF level,
usually with specification of OPCON, forming a Service component command. In these
cases, the AETF commander is a COMAFFOR, and a separate C2 capability (possibly
less than a full AOC and Air Force forces (AFFOR) staff are normally required to
employ and support the AETF.

                                             31
AETF in Support

During some operations, especially when there may be multiple joint operations areas
(JOAs) with multiple JTFs, it may not be feasible to attach AETFs to each JTF due to
C2 resource constraints. In such cases, subordinate AETFs may be established and
placed in support of JTFs. Examples of this structure occurred in the later phases of
Operations ENDURING FREEDOM and IRAQI FREEDOM, US Air Forces Central
(USAFCENT) established subordinate task forces to directly support sub-theater-level
JTFs operating in separate JOAs within US Central Command (USCENTCOM).

AETF for ADCON Only

On occasion, AETFs may be established to address a specific but purely internal
Service challenge and may have no direct relation to a joint force. Examples can be
found during the initial phase of Operation IRAQI FREEDOM, when the Air Force
formed two task forces for ADCON purposes only, one in Pacific Air Forces, under
13th Air Force on Guam, and one in US Air Forces in Europe, under 16th Air Force in
Turkey. These AETFs were formed to provide more direct oversight of Air Force
support activities of those forces bedded down in (at the time) US Pacific Command
(now US Indo-Pacific Command) and US European Command AORs, supporting
USCENTCOM’s main effort. In this case, these task forces’ commanders only
exercised ADCON; they were not delegated any operational authorities.

INTEGRATING REGIONAL AND FUNCTIONAL AIR FORCE FORCES

Functional and geographic capabilities most likely to be integrated in a supported or
supporting role are air mobility operations, space operations, special operations,
cyberspace operations, and nuclear operations.

Integrating Air Mobility Operations

Command relationships can allow an interlocking arrangement to manage intratheater
and intertheater air mobility operations. Normally, intratheater air mobility forces are
attached to the JFC, with OPCON delegated to the air component commander.
Intertheater air mobility forces normally remain under the control of US Transportation
Command (USTRANSCOM), delegated downward within Air Mobility Command
(AMC). Within a regional operation, the director of mobility forces (DIRMOBFOR),
along with the air mobility division (AMD) in the AOC, provides a coordination function
between the intertheater and intratheater air mobility operations.

The Director of Mobility Forces
The DIRMOBFOR is the air component commander’s designated coordinating
authority for air mobility operations, and coordinates on behalf of the air component
commander with the AMD in the AOC. To ensure close coordination with the overall
theater effort, the DIRMOBFOR is normally assigned to the air component

                                            32
commander’s special staff. In those instances when no JFACC is designated, or the
JFACC is from another Service, the DIRMOBFOR should normally report to the
COMAFFOR.

For specific authorities and responsibilities, refer to Annex 3-17, Air Mobility Operations.

Integrating Space Operations

Space capabilities may be used to fulfill single theater, multiple theater, or global
objectives. Thus, the C2 structure established for integrating assets and forces must
be robust enough to account for these various operating areas. Employing assets to
meet global or multiple theater requirements normally requires a structure that bridges
more than one theater and is capable of incorporating non-Department of Defense
agencies. The CDRUSSPACECOM may act as either the supporting or supported
commander in a conflict, depending on the scenario. Space capabilities within a
regional operation are normally focused by the designation of a single authority for
space operations.

Space Coordinating Authority

Within a regional operation, the JFC has space coordinating authority (SCA) to plan,
integrate, and coordinate space operations involving forces of two or more military
departments, functional components, or two or more forces of the same Service.
Although JFCs may retain authority at the JFC level, they should normally delegate
SCA to the component commander who provides the preponderance of military space
capabilities, the requisite ability to command and control them, and the resident space
expertise. The air component commander provides these capabilities through the Air
Force’s organic space C2 infrastructure.

The Director of Space Forces

The director of space forces (DIRSPACEFOR) serves as the senior space advisor to
the air component commander. The DIRSPACEFOR advises and facilitates
coordination, planning, execution, and assessment of space operations and courses of
action for the air component commander. In addition, when the air component
commander is delegated SCA, the DIRSPACEFOR works the day-to-day SCA activities
on their behalf. The DIRSPACEFOR is part of the air component commander’s special
staff. In those instances when no JFACC is designated, or the JFACC is from another
Service, the DIRSPACEFOR reports to the COMAFFOR. Whether a permanent
member of the theater major command staff or provided to the theater by Air Force
Space Command (AFSPC), the DIRSPACEFOR should be pre-identified to allow that
officer time to become familiar with that theater’s space requirements.

For specific responsibilities of SCA and DIRSPACEFOR, see Annex 3-14, Counterpace
Operations.


                                             33
Integrating Special Operations

Commander, US Special Operations Command (USSOCOM) exercises combatant
command (command authority) (COCOM) of worldwide special operations forces,
while the geographic CCDR exercises OPCON of assigned or attached Air Force
special operations forces (AFSOF) through the commander of the theater special
operations command. For conventional missions, the COMAFFOR may receive
OPCON or TACON of AFSOF assets when directed by the JFC. However, in most
cases, AFSOF will be in a direct support relationship with conventional assets.
When SOF operate in concert with “conventional” JTFs, they normally take the form
of a separate joint special operations task force (JSOTF) within the JTF. The Joint
Special Operations Air Component is the SOF functional air component.

Whether operating under control of the joint special operations component
commander (JFSOCC) or in support of the air component commander, SOF aviation
missions are synchronized with other air activities supporting the theater campaign
To ensure SOF aviation and surface assets are closely synchronized in all joint air
operations, from planning through assessment, the JFSOCC provides the air
component commander a special operations liaison element (SOLE) to coordinate,
deconflict, and synchronize SOF operations, strategy, and plans with other air
operations. In return, the air component commander should provide a joint air
component coordination element (JACCE) to the JFSOCC.

The Special Operations Liaison Element

Whether operating autonomously or in conjunction with conventional forces, SOF
aviation and surface assets should be closely synchronized with all joint air
operations—from planning through execution—to provide coordination and
deconfliction, prevent fratricide, and exploit synergistic effects.

The SOLE is a liaison team that represents the JFSOCC to the air component
commander. The SOLE synchronizes all SOF air and surface operations with joint air
operations via the tasking process. Additionally, the SOLE deconflicts SOF operations
with other component liaisons in the AOC. Specific functions include synchronization of
SOF requirements into air tasking order (ATO) and airspace control order generation,
real time mission support within the AOC, operations and intelligence support for
targeting, combat airspace control for prevention of fratricide, coordination with special
plans functions, and coordination with the joint personnel recovery center. The SOLE
also assists in the deconfliction of joint special operations areas and unconventional
warfare operating areas with the air component commander.

For specific responsibilities of the SOLE, see Annex 3-05, Special Operations.

Integrating Cyberspace Operations
Global cyberspace capabilities may be presented to a combatant command through a
supporting relationship, with United States Cyber Command (USCYBERCOM; also
                                            34
USCC). USCC is a unified combatant command responsible for providing offensive
and defensive cyberspace capabilities to other CCDRs. USCC presents cyberspace
capabilities to CCDRs through Service-led, regionally aligned, Joint Force
Headquarters Cyber (JFHQ-C) staffs and assigned teams.

For further discussion, see Annex 3-12, Cyberspace Operations

The Director of Cyberspace Forces

Within an Air Force component, the director of cyberspace forces (DIRCYBERFOR)
serves as the senior cyberspace advisor to the air component commander. The
DIRCYBERFOR facilitates the coordination, integration, and synchronization of
cyberspace operations with air and space operations. The DIRCYBERFOR provides
senior leader perspective and guidance on the planning, development, integration,
and employment of cyberspace capabilities for Air Force component operations and
facilitates synchronization of cyberspace capabilities and effects. The DIRCYBERFOR
is part of the air component commander’s special staff. In those instances when no
JFACC is designated, or the JFACC is from another Service, the DIRCYBERFOR
should report to the COMAFFOR.

For specific responsibilities of the DIRCYBERFOR, see Annex 3-12, Cyberspace
Operations.

Integrating the Air Reserve Components

The Air Reserve Components (ARC) are the Air Force Reserve (AFR) and the Air
National Guard (ANG). The ARC provides operational capabilities and strategic depth to
meet US defense requirements across the competition continuum. ARC forces are
normally employed to take advantage of military opportunities, cover shortfalls in regular
component critical skills, and to support short duration national priorities. The
importance of this factor—the part-time nature of the force—should be fully considered.
When evaluating which ongoing operational missions are best suited for ARC
participation, factors such as predictability, tour length, and duty location should all be
considered.

The AFR consists of the Ready Reserve, the Standby Reserve, and the Retired
Reserve, which includes retirees from both the ARC and regular component. The
Ready Reserve consists of the Selected Reserve and the Individual Ready Reserve.
ADCON for AFR forces is maintained by the commander of Air Force Reserve
Command (AFRC).

The ANG consists of members of the Air National Guard (ANG) who are on active duty
under Title 10, United States Code (USC), Armed Forces. The ANG consist of the
federally recognized organized militia of the States and Territories, Puerto Rico, and the
District of Columbia. ADCON for Guardsmen not in federal status flows to their
respective adjutant general and governor. When activated under Title 10 USC, ADCON
is maintained through the ANG Readiness Center.
                                            35
The ARC provides sustainable, rotational support across numerous operational
missions, such as airlift, air refueling, North American Aerospace Defense Command air
sovereignty mission, and combat support. ARC forces may be mobilized to support
rotational capability for steady state operations, during a surge operation, and for
activities requiring critical skills.

ARC Organization
The majority of the ARC is organized into two types of units: unit-equipped or
associates. Stand-alone unit-equipped organizations have their own organic equipment;
associate organizations can be either unit-equipped (active associations) or share the
weapon systems of an equipped host organization (classic association) and train to
perform the same mission.

These unit associations allow for consistent training, leveraging of resources, and
familiarization between the regular component and ARC. The associate models are:

 Classic Associate: A Regular Air Force organization retains principal responsibility
  for a weapon system that it shares with one or more associate ARC organizations.
  Each component exercises ADCON of its respective members.

 Active Associate: A sponsoring ARC organization has principal responsibility for a
  weapon system which it shares with one or more associate regular organizations.
  Reserve and regular units retain separate organizational structures and chains of
  command.

The Air Force is responsible for organizing, training, and equipping Air Force forces to
provide combat ready resources to combatant commanders. Air Force commanders are
responsible for ensuring regular and ARC forces are leveraged to achieve that purpose.
This is done through the Total Force Integration (TFI) concept. TFI management is a
collaborative process of planning, organizing, and aligning AF units from different Air
Force components; each with its own command chain and ADCON responsibilities.

When operating together in garrison (not deployed and activated to active status) unity
of effort for TFI is achieved through the concept of operational direction (OPDIR). As
detailed in Air Force Instruction 90-1001, Planning Total Force Associations (TFAS),
OPDIR is an agreed-upon understanding (codified in memoranda of record,
understanding, or agreement) between commanders of total force associations to allow
functional leaders from any component, whether from the sponsor or the associated
organization, to lead and guide personnel in their in garrison mission and daily tasks.

Air Force Reserve
The AFR also provides individual reservists through the individual mobilization
augmentee (IMA) program and the participating individual ready reserve program

                                           36
(PIRR). IMAs are trained reservists who augment regular units to support mobilization
requirements, contingency operations, or other specialized requirements. Their
experience helps the regular component accomplish its mission by augmenting (or
rounding out) the regular unit, backfilling positions that have been vacated by deploying
regular component members, or performing missions at the normal duty station. IMAs
perform the full range of Air Force missions. The ARC retains ADCON of IMAs and
PIRR personnel.

Air National Guard

National Guard Airmen can be called to long-term active duty under five different
statutes, as authorized in Title 10 USC. They range from full mobilization, which
requires a declaration of war or national emergency by the Congress, to reserve
component volunteers, which requires consent of the individual reserve component
member and consent from the governor to activate individuals in the National Guard.
The various mobilization statutes determine how many guardsmen can be called up, to
whom the call up applies, and the duration of the call up.

Accessing ARC Forces
ARC forces can be activated both voluntarily and involuntarily to support national
requirements. Once activated, there are different degrees of OPCON and ADCON
applicable to ARC members. The ARC structure normally retains full ADCON; the
gaining COMAFFOR normally exercises specified elements of ADCON, which should
be articulated in appropriate orders. OPCON transfers in accordance with Secretary of
Defense (SecDef) orders.

 Voluntary. Volunteers are placed on Federal active duty by the Secretary of the Air
  Force, as authorized by Title 10, USC.

 Involuntary. There are three authorities that outline the limits and requirements for
  involuntarily activating members of the ARC:

    Presidential Reserve Call-up. This provides the President a means to activate,
     without a declaration of national emergency, not more than 200,000 members of
     the Selected Reserve and the Individual Ready Reserve (of whom not more
     than 30,000 may be members of the Individual Ready Reserve), for not more
     than 365 days to meet the requirements of any operational mission. Members
     activated under this provision may not be used for disaster relief or to suppress
     insurrection. This authority has particular utility when used in circumstances in
     which the escalatory national or international signals of partial or full mobilization
     would be undesirable. Forces available under this authority can provide a
     tailored, limited-scope, deterrent, or operational response, or may be used as a
     precursor to any subsequent mobilization.


                                            37
    Partial Mobilization. Expansion of the active Armed Forces resulting from
     action by Congress (up to full mobilization) or by the President (not more than
     1,000,000 for not more than 24 consecutive months) to mobilize Ready Reserve
     component units, individual reservists, and the resources needed for their
     support to meet the requirements of a war or other national emergency involving
     an external threat to the national security.

    Full Mobilization. Expansion of the active Armed Forces resulting from action
     by Congress and the President to mobilize all Reserve Component units and
     individuals in the existing approved force structure, as well as all retired military
     personnel, and the resources needed for their support to meet the requirements
     of a war or other national emergency involving an external threat to the national
     security. Reserve personnel can be placed on active duty for the duration of the
     emergency plus six months. Under full mobilization, ADCON transfers to the
     gaining COMAFFOR and OPCON transfers in accordance with Sedef orders.

Nuclear Support to Regional Commands

The 2018 National Defense Strategy has characterized a global environment whereby
great power competition threatens the nation and the international order. Air Force
nuclear capabilities, reliant on a modern and survivable command, control, and
communications (NC3) capability require precise integration with conventional
command and control operations, to deter our adversaries from strategic nuclear and
conventional attack. Air Force nuclear capabilities require robust integration with full
spectrum operations to ensure effective employment within a particular region and
account for larger political ramifications and allow effective operations in a nuclear
environment. When requested by a geographic combatant commander, global nuclear
capabilities are normally employed through a support relationship with US Strategic
Command as authorized by the SecDef and the President of the United States.

Refer to Annex 3-72, Nuclear Operations, for more information.

Homeland Defense Organizational Considerations

Military operations inside the United States and its Territories fall into two mission
areas: homeland defense, for which the DOD serves as the lead federal agency and
military forces are used to conduct military operations in defense of the homeland; and
civil support for which DOD serves in a supporting role to other agencies at the federal,
state, tribal, and local levels.

Homeland Defense

For most homeland scenarios, Air Force forces should be presented as an AETF
under the OPCON of a COMAFFOR. Air National Guard (ANG) forces whether
activated and operating in Title 10 status supporting a Federal mission or operation
under Title 32 and attached to a combatant command (CCMD) or remaining under

                                            38
state control in Title 32 or state active duty status should be organized and
presented within an AETF or equivalent structure.

The command relationships between a JFC and a COMAFFOR in a homeland context
may have additional legal and interagency considerations. Additionally, when the ANG
is operating in Title 32 or state active duty status under the authority of a state
governor, a similar command relationship exists between the state Adjutant General or
JTF commander and the designated ANG air commander.

The SecDef may request State governors to allow their respective ANG personnel or
units to support federal operations or missions such as providing intelligence and
cyberspace support to CCDRs or supporting civil authorities pursuant to Title 32. ANG
personnel and units would remain in Title 32 status, but be attached to the Service
component of a CCMD, and under the operational authority of the CCDR. The nature,
extent, and degree of control exercised by the CCDR and his or her subordinate
commanders, including dual-status commanders, would be set forth in a command
arrangements agreement (CAA) agreed upon by the SecDef and state governors. The
CAA would be similar to those negotiated for multinational operations. Administrative
authority for ANG personnel and units would remain with the state.

Civil Support

The JFC may elect to allocate combat forces to subordinate functional task force
commanders (TF CDRs) with a specification of OPCON to the TF CDRs. For example,
a JFC in a major disaster relief operation might organize forces into separate
engineering, transportation, and medical task forces. This organizational scheme
divides Air Force assets among other component commanders and fractures Service
unity of command. This is not the most operationally effective scheme for achieving
unity of command and unity of effort under a single Airman. The JFC should delegate
OPCON of all assigned and attached Air Force forces to the air component
commander. The air component commander then provides direct support to the
various functional TF CDRs, as a supporting commander.

Each state has a state joint force headquarters (JFHQ-State) that may provide a
contingency C2 capability in support of homeland defense, civil support, and other
related operations, and may thus function as a bridge between state and federal
forces. Additionally, a governor may stand up a JTF-State to provide direction and
control of assigned non-federalized National Guard forces and those attached from
other states. ANG forces conducting operations in Title 32 or state active duty status
should be organized as an AETF or equivalent within their state force structure to
provide unity of command, with a single Airman in command of the ANG forces.

State and federal military forces may adopt a parallel command structure.

A parallel command structure exists when state and federal authorities have separate
chains of command, and retain control of their deployed forces. Unity of effort and


                                            39
decisions of mutual interest are handled through a coordinated liaison effort of the
political and senior military leadership of state and federal forces.

 Federal statute permits a dual status command structure, in which a designated
  commander subordinate to a combatant commander may simultaneously serve in
  Federal and State duty statuses while performing the separate and distinct duties
  of those statuses over forces. Such positions are intended for short-term response
  situations that require both federal and state involvement, such as a multi-state
  disaster or national event. The command authority for forces in Title 32 attached to
  the CCDR is exercised by a dual-status commander pursuant to a CAA.
  Additionally, the statute requires both presidential authorization and a governor‘s
  consent to invest a commander with dual status.

For more detailed discussion on homeland operations in general, see Annex 3-27,
Homeland Operations. For more discussion on dual-status commanders, refer to
Joint Publication 3-28, Defense Support of Civil Authorities, Appendix C, and
“Department of Defense Dual-Status Commander.”

THE SENIOR / HOST AIR FORCE INSTALLATION COMMANDER

An installation commander exercises authority over and responsibility for protection of
assigned forces and assets, lodging, dining, and administrative reporting, regardless of
Service or the command relations of those forces.

Ultimately, the Air Force Service component commander within a region is
responsible for fulfilling ADCON responsibilities and common logistics support for all
Air Force forces within his or her region, regardless of organization of assignment of
those forces.

For non-Air Force forces operating from an Air Force-owned base, the provision of
logistics support is inherently the responsibility of the owning Service. Example, forces
belonging to other Service components operating from an Air Force-owned base such
as Army special operations forces or Marine aviation units. However, the host base
commander has responsibility for providing protection and other base operating
support for those forces as directed by the governing operations order or inter-Service
agreements. Commercial support may also be required to other operations personnel
(host nation, multinational support, and operational contract support) and other US
Government agencies.

G-series orders should detail which commanders are responsible for providing specific
elements of ADCON to deployed units and what authority that commander may use to
carry out these responsibilities. The orders are not required to spell out all support and
sustainment responsibilities. The minimum ADCON responsibilities and authorities to go
forward should be responsibility for enforcement of the Uniform Code of Military Justice,
protection of assigned forces and assets, lodging, dining, and force reporting.


                                            40
Refer to AFI 38-101, Air Force Organization, for more specific policy guidance.


                                           41
                           AFDP 3-30 COMMAND AND CONTROL


                      PRESENTING AIR FORCE FORCES
                                Last Updated: 7 January 2020

Modern operations require flexibility in execution to adapt to a wide variety of scenarios,
which drives a need to assemble the right mix of forces from the appropriate Services
tailored to the operation. This flexibility drives a corresponding need for adjustable
organization, command and control (C2) mechanisms, and appropriate command
relationships.

JOINT FORCE ORGANIZATIONAL BASICS

When a crisis requires a military response, the Secretary of Defense, combatant
commander (CCDR), a subordinate unified commander, or an existing joint force
commander can form a joint task force (JTF) tailored to address the crisis. If Air Force
forces are attached to the JTF, they stand up as an air expeditionary task force (AETF).
The joint force commander (JFC) at any echelon is responsible for delineating the
command relationships between forces under his or her operational control (OPCON)
and empowering subordinate commanders appropriately (see Appendix A for more
detail). Normally, a subordinate JFC receives OPCON of assigned or attached forces
and delegates OPCON to the appropriate Service component commanders.

Surface forces are usually assigned individual areas of operations (AOs) within the
JFC’s joint operations area (JOA); a less-than-total view of the theater. By comparison,
an air component commander typically has an operational-level, JOA-wide perspective
similar to the JFC’s.

Because all four Services have forces that operate in the air domain, the designation of
functional commanders allows greater synergy by integrating similar activities across
Service boundaries. The designation of joint force air, land, maritime and special
operations component commanders (the joint force air component commander
[JFACC], joint force land component commander [JFLCC], joint force maritime
component commander [JFMCC], and joint force special operations component
commander [JFSOCC] respectively) is at the discretion of the JFC. This functional
component model most easily transitions to one that supports combined (or coalition)
employment, and the functional component commanders become combined component
commanders (e.g. combined force air component commander [CFACC], combined

                                            42
force maritime component commander [CFMCC], etc.). See figure, “Joint Force
Organization with Functional and Service Components.”


        Joint Force Organization with Functional and Service Components

In accordance with joint doctrine, designation of a functional component commander
(e.g., a JFACC) should not adversely affect the command relationship between the
Service component (e.g., the commander, Air Force forces [COMAFFOR]) and the JFC.
Normally, the JFC designates the COMAFFOR as the JFACC. The air component
commander retains OPCON over Air Force forces and gains tactical control (TACON)
over joint air forces made available for tasking. In practice, the JFACC commands and
controls the joint air forces, including Air Force forces, through exercising TACON.

AIR COMPONENT RELATIONSHIPS WITHIN A JOINT FORCE
The JFC normally assigns broad missions to the component commanders; with each
mission comes a specification of supported commander for that mission. As an
example, the JFC may designate the air component commander as the supported
commander for counter air, strategic attack, air interdiction, and theater airborne
intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) (among other missions). As such,
the air component commander would be responsible to the JFC for planning,
coordinating, executing, and assessing these missions, while other component
commanders support the air component commander. Subordinate commanders
normally work out the support relationships.


                                          43
The commander responsible for a mission should be
given the requisite authority to carry out that
mission. For some missions or functions, specification of
support alone may be insufficient in order for a functional
component commander to fully integrate and employ
forces made available. In such instances, the JFC may
delegate to a subordinate commander TACON of specific
elements of another component’s resources (this, in fact,
is the usual command authority exercised by functional
component commanders over forces made available to
them). This provides that commander with a better
degree of control. Finally, written establishing directives
are extremely useful in clearly outlining the supporting /
supported relationship between commanders and
providing guidance for staffs.

The air component commander should establish a close
working relationship with the JFC to ensure the best                  During World War II,
representation of airpower’s potential. When possible,                General MacArthur (right)
the air component commander should collocate with, or                 and his senior Airman, Lt
at least be positioned close to, the JFC, so they may                 Gen Kenney (left), had a
benefit from frequent personal interaction. It also helps             close working relationship.
keep a greater air component presence in the joint force              As a result, General
headquarters, as well as aiding the joint force                       Kenney enjoyed a high
headquarters staff planning and running air component                 level of trust to employ air
operations.                                                           power as best fit his
                                                                      commander’s objectives.
AIR FORCE COMPONENT PRESENTATION
CONSIDERATIONS

There are three general models for presenting Air Force components in support of a
JFC: 6

 Theater-level component. This model establishes an Air Force component at the
  CCDR level, attached with specification of OPCON and commanded by a theater
  COMAFFOR who the CCDR will normally also designate as a theater JFACC.

 Sub-theater-level component. There are two different sub-theater level component
  possibilities: a subordinate unified command or a joint task force. An Air Force
  component at the subordinate unified command will normally be attached with
  specification of OPCON and will include a COMAFFOR prepared to execute as a
  JFACC over assigned and attached joint forces. An Air Force component at the JTF
  level will normally be an AETF with a designated COMAFFOR, and will include a
  JACCE that is the theater level JFACC’s liaison to the JTF commander.

6
 There may be additional considerations during homeland operations that impact command
arrangements and command relationships. See Annex 3-27, Homeland Operations.
                                                44
 Sub-theater-level AETF in support of a JTF. This model establishes an AETF, in
  direct support of a subordinate JTF, with OPCON retained by the theater
  COMAFFOR. In this model, the AETF commander is not a COMAFFOR or JFACC.

LEVELS OF FORCE PRESENTATION

Joint and Service doctrine explicitly describe three levels for organizing joint forces
within a geographic CCDR’s area of responsibility (AOR): the CCDR level (i.e., the
CCDR acts as the JFC), the
subordinate unified command, as in
Korea; and at the subordinate JTF              “Deputy Commander—Air” in the
level. The three force presentation            Afghanistan   Joint Operations Area
models discussed above are not
meant to limit the CCDR’s authority          Due to the complexity of operations in
to organize forces to best                   the US Central Command’s AOR, the
accomplish assigned missions but             US Air Forces Central Command
instead to enable the Air Force to           commander created two subordinate
effectively support the CCDR and             AETFs (9 AETF-Iraq and 9 AETF-
any subordinate organizations. The           Afghanistan) to better focus airpower
following discussion summarizes              support in those two joint operations
some of the considerations that may          areas. In Afghanistan, a North Atlantic
affect the CCDR’s organizational             Treaty Organization operation, the
construct and force attachment               International Security Assistance Force
decisions, and require appropriately         (ISAF) also required a clearly identified
tailored C2.                                 command relationship with Air Force
                                             forces.
Theater-Level Component
                                             To support US force presentation to
This unified command-level model             ISAF, the commander of 9 AETF-
establishes an air component                 Afghanistan was also designated as the
commander (both Service                      “Deputy Commander-Air” to the
component and JFACC) at the                  commander, US Forces-Afghanistan,
CCDR level. This model optimizes             the US component to ISAF. This
allocation of scarce airpower assets         arrangement provided ISAF with an Air
and commander’s priorities across            Force commander who could exercise
the AOR. As the JFC, the CCDR                command authorities over Air Force
establishes priorities for employment        forces in support of ISAF.
of all assigned and attached forces,
and resolves competing demands               While a non-standard organization
among the subordinate commands.              structure, the Deputy Commander-Air
In this model, the forces form up            leverages basic doctrinal concepts to
under the CCDR’s Air Force                   achieve unity of command within a
component command.                           complex command structure.

When the CCDR decides the most
effective way to accomplish the

                                             45
mission is by retaining forces at the theater level, the theater-level air component
commander will operate in support of the subordinate JTF commander(s) according to
the CCDR's theater-wide priorities.

To support planning and operations with subordinate JTFs and other components, the
theater-level air component commander may then deploy joint air component
coordination elements (JACCEs) to ensure the JTFs receive appropriate support. The
JACCE provides on-hand air component expertise and the direct link back to the theater
air component commander and the air operations center (AOC).

Sub-Theater-Level Component

This model establishes an Air Force Service component and air component commander
within a sub-theater level JFC (i.e., subordinate unified command or JTF commander),
responsible for an operational area below the CCDR level. This model may be
preferable when the span or scope of operations is less than theater-wide, or when
operations are sufficiently fluid to require planning and execution at more tactical levels.

Under this model, the CCDR-level COMAFFOR, as directed by the CCDR, relinquishes
OPCON of the forces attached to the sub-theater JFC, and the designated commander
of the sub-theater JFC accepts OPCON for the duration of the attachment. In
accordance with joint and Air Force doctrine, the sub-theater JFC then normally
delegates OPCON of attached Air Force forces to the identified sub-theater
COMAFFOR. Administrative control (ADCON) is retained within the Service chain from
the CCDR-level COMAFFOR downward to the sub-theater level COMAFFOR. This
COMAFFOR is poised to also act as a JFACC, if so designated by the sub-theater JFC.

The key advantage of this model is that it provides fully integrated airpower to a sub-
theater JFC, while the theater air component commander maintains control of high-
demand, low density capabilities. The key disadvantage is that Air Force forces
attached to the sub-theater JFC are not normally available to address demands outside
their operational area.

An AETF attached with specification of OPCON to a JTF will include a COMAFFOR under
OPCON of that JTF commander. However, the AETF will not have a command and
control capability adequate to being designated as a JTF-level JFACC. Under these
conditions, the CCDR may direct the theater air component commander to retain TACON
over joint air forces and be established in support to the JTF commander, exercised
through the JACCE.

Mix of Theater- and Sub-Theater-Level Components
Some theater requirements may drive a mix of the two previous models. This may be
desirable when there are competing requirements for low density/high demand Service
capabilities (e.g., ISR, remotely piloted aircraft; and air refueling) across the AOR, yet


                                             46
there is also sufficient demand for dedicated airpower at subordinate levels to drive
attachment of Air Force forces to a subordinate JTF.

Sub-Theater-Level AETF In Support of a JTF

When the CCDR establishes one or more sub-theater JFCs but elects to retain all (or
most) Air Force forces at the theater level, the size and complexity of the mission would
typically drive establishment of subordinate AETFs in direct support of the sub-theater
JFCs.

Under this construct, the theater COMAFFOR retains OPCON and delegates
appropriate aspects of OPCON, TACON, and ADCON to the AETF commander while
maintaining theater-wide perspective and responsibility for recommending
apportionment of airpower capabilities across the theater of operations to the CCDR.
The AETF commander remains subordinate to the theater COMAFFOR.

The key advantage of this model is that it provides an Airman empowered with
command authorities to the sub-theater JFC while allowing the theater COMAFFOR to
retain OPCON of forces across the AOR to address the CCDR’s priorities. This model
normally requires a significantly smaller command and control capability than would an
AETF attached with specification of OPCON to a sub-theater JFC.

FORCE ATTACHMENT CONSIDERATIONS
When the operational mission at the JTF level outweighs competing missions at the
CCDR’s AOR level, the CCDR should consider attaching Air Force forces to the JTF
commander. Considerations include:

 Do the operational tempo, intensity, duration, and scope warrant near full-time use of
  an attached AETF?

 Do the operational tempo, intensity, duration, and scope justify a dedicated AETF
  that, once attached to the JTF, may not be available to support operations
  elsewhere?

 Does the priority of the JTF mission, relative to other theater missions, justify a
  dedicated AETF that, once attached to the JTF, may not be available to support
  operations elsewhere?

 If the choice is to attach an AETF to a JTF, does the Air Force have the ability to
  provide the required C2 of Air Force forces?

 Does the provision of forces to a subordinate JTF, either by attachment or direct
  support, effectively demonstrate and enable the Air Force component’s commitment
  to the joint force effort?


                                            47
If the decision is to attach forces, the follow-on question is whether the forces should be
attached with specification of either OPCON or TACON.

 Specification of OPCON: OPCON includes organizing and employing commands
  and forces, assigning tasks, designating objectives, and giving authoritative direction
  necessary to accomplish the mission, to include repositioning of forces.

 Specification of TACON: TACON is limited to the detailed direction and control of
  movements or maneuvers. TACON may provide sufficient authority for controlling
  and directing the application of force or tactical use of combat support assets within
  the assigned mission or task. Attaching forces with specification of only TACON
  splits OPCON and TACON between two different commanders, but allows for quick
  action and decisions at lower levels.

These situations require careful and continuing dialogue between the respective
joint and Service component commanders and their common superior
commander. Finally, the decisions, including the delineation of operational and
administrative authorities to be held among the involved commanders, should be
captured in written orders such as operation orders, execute orders, or fragmentary
orders; Air Force decisions may also be captured in G-series orders, such as those
appointing the COMAFFOR.

ACHIEVING UNITY OF EFFORT
To achieve unity of effort across an AOR, the CCDR should provide the requisite
guidance for the interaction between theater-level and subordinate components. This
should include clarity of supported and supporting command relationships between the
JTFs and theater air component commander, together with clear priorities of effort and
support, and apportionment. The theater air component commander should then
allocate effort across the AOR using CCDR guidance and priorities.

The CCDR sets the conditions for success by clearly stating and emphasizing the
supported command status of subordinate JTFs and the supporting command role of a
theater-level air component commander and by providing sufficient guidance for the
theater subsequent allocation decision. The CCDR is the ultimate arbiter for
prioritization and apportionment decisions among subordinate JTF commanders.

AIR COMPONENT C2 STRUCTURES

The air component commander requires an appropriately sized and configured C2
capability to effectively command and control the Air Force Service component and joint
air forces made available for tasking. At the combatant command level this C2 capability
includes an AOC and an air component staff to enable the air component commander to
command and control air forces in both the operational and administrative branches of
the chain of command.


                                            48
The AOC and air component staff need to be fully integrated to cover the totality of the
COMAFFOR’s responsibilities as a component major command (C-MAJCOM) or
component numbered air force (C-NAF) commander, and to be prepared to assume the
duties of a JFACC when designated by the CCDR. Division of workload and
responsibilities between the AOC and air component staff depend upon the
requirements of the air component commander, mission requirements, and resources
available. In general, the AOC normally will plan for and employ the forces provided,
while the air component staff is normally focused on long-range theater strategy and
Service “organize, train, and equip” (OT&E) responsibilities in order to provide Air Force
forces that will be employed under CCDR orders and direction. Synergies of operational
mission accomplishment are gained by integrating the staffs in support of the JFACC
mission.

Mission requirements, manning, and rank structure differences between the various C-
MAJCOMs and C-NAFs do not readily support a “one size fits all” structure for the air
component commander’s C2 organization. Two structures in current use are: AOC
under the AFFOR A-3, and the AOC/CC and AFFOR A-3 separate individuals each
reporting directly to the air component commander.

AOC as Part of AFFOR/Air Component A-3

Under this structure the AOC commander works for the AFFOR / Air Component A-3,
where the core element of the air component staff is the AFFOR staff. The AOC retains
its divisions but the AOC is now a part of the AFFOR A-3 staff. To improve staff-to-staff
coordination with the JFC’s staff and the other components, the AOC divisions are also
identified with an appropriate A-3 staff number (e.g., Combat Operations Division is also
designated as A-33). This structure is illustrated in the figure, “AOC as Part of
AFFOR/Air Component A-3.”

This structure improves integration between Air Component Staff and the AOC and
provides easier cross-component staff-to-staff integration. While providing synergies
and manpower savings, this structure also requires the AFFOR/Air Component A-3 and
joint / combined AOC staffs to have clearly defined roles and responsibilities.


                                            49
        Air Operations Center as Part of AFFOR / Air Component A-3

AOC and AFFOR Staff as Different Organizations


             AOC and AFFOR Staff as Different Organizations


                                    50
In this structure, the AOC and Air Force Service component staff are separate
organizations, each reporting directly to the air component commander. This structure is
illustrated in the figure, “AOC and AFFOR Staff as Different Organizations.”

This structure provides manpower focused at appropriate levels for the AFFOR staff
and the AOC, and provides redundant capability for additional taskings (e.g., sub-
theater AETF, JTF headquarters). The structure enables parallel operations between
the separate COMAFFOR and AOC staffs, separating responsibilities and
simultaneously accomplishing OT&E and combat operations, respectively. While
providing more flexibility in the different COMAFFOR and JFACC roles, this structure
requires a substantial manpower bill, requires that cross-component staff-to-staff
channels have robust interaction, and requires that internal staff integration be clearly
defined.


                                            51
                          AFDP 3-30 COMMAND AND CONTROL


    APPENDIX A: COMMAND AUTHORITIES AND RELATIONSHIPS
                               Last Updated: 7 January 2020

Effective organizations require clear and effective command relationships. A
working understanding of command terminology is essential to understanding the
relationships among components and the responsibilities inherent in organizations.

COMBATANT COMMAND (COCOM)
Combatant command (command authority) is defined as “nontransferable command
authority, which cannot be delegated, of a combatant commander to perform
those functions of command over assigned forces involving organizing and
employing commands and forces; assigning tasks; designating objectives; and
giving authoritative direction over all aspects of military operations, joint training,
and logistics necessary to accomplish the missions assigned to the command”
(Joint Publication [JP] 1, Doctrine for the Armed Forces of the United States).

COCOM is exercised by commanders of combatant commands (CCMD) as directed by
the President or the Secretary of Defense (SecDef). COCOM should be exercised
through the commanders of subordinate organizations such as subordinate joint force
commanders (JFCs) and Service or functional component commanders. COCOM
provides full authority to organize and employ commands and forces as the combatant
commander considers necessary to accomplish assigned missions. (Note that the
acronym “COCOM” refers only to the command authority, not to an individual or an
organization.)

OPERATIONAL CONTROL (OPCON)

Operational control is defined as “the authority to perform those functions of
command over subordinate forces involving organizing and employing
commands and forces, assigning tasks, designating objectives, and giving
authoritative direction necessary to accomplish the mission” (JP 1).

OPCON can be delegated from a lesser authority than COCOM. OPCON normally
provides full authority to organize commands and forces and to employ those forces as
the commander in operational control considers necessary to accomplish assigned

                                           52
missions. It does not include authoritative direction for logistics or matters of
administration, discipline, internal organization, or unit training.

OPCON should be exercised through the commanders of subordinate organizations,
such as subordinate JFCs and Service or functional component commanders. Normally,
JFCs exercise OPCON of assigned and attached Air Force forces through the
commander, Air Force forces (COMAFFOR).

TACTICAL CONTROL (TACON)

Tactical control is defined as “the authority over forces that is limited to the detailed
direction and control of movements or maneuvers within the operational area
necessary to accomplish missions or tasks assigned” (JP 1).

TACON may be delegated to and exercised by commanders at any echelon at or below
the level of CCMD. TACON provides sufficient authority for controlling and directing the
application of force or tactical use of combat support assets within the assigned mission
or task. TACON does not provide organizational authority or authoritative direction for
administrative and logistic support.

SUPPORT

Support is a command authority that aids, protects, complements, or sustains another
force. It is used when neither OPCON nor TACON is appropriate. The SecDef specifies
support relationships between CCDRs; the CCDR may establish support relationships
between components assigned or attached to the command.

There are four defined categories of support that a CCDR may direct over assigned or
attached forces to ensure the appropriate level of support is provided to accomplish
mission objectives. These include general support, mutual support, direct support, and
close support.

 General support. That support which is given to the supported force as a whole
  rather than to a particular subdivision thereof.

 Mutual support. That support which units render each other against an enemy
  because of their assigned tasks, their position relative to each other and to the
  enemy, and their inherent capabilities.

 Direct support. A mission requiring a force to support another specific force and
  authorizing it to answer directly to the supported force’s request for assistance.

 Close support. That action of the supporting force against targets or objectives that
  are sufficiently near the supported force as to require detailed integration or
  coordination of the supporting action with the fire, movement, or other actions of the
  supported force.

                                              53
ADMINISTRATIVE CONTROL (ADCON)
Administrative control is defined as the “direction or exercise of authority over
subordinate or other organizations with respect to administration and support”
(JP 1). This includes organization of Service forces, control of resources and
equipment, personnel management, unit logistics, individual and unit training,
readiness, mobilization, demobilization, discipline, and other matters not included in the
operational missions of the subordinate or other organizations.

ADCON is not a warfighting authority like that found in COCOM, OPCON, TACON, or
support relationships. Normally the COMAFFOR exercises ADCON over assigned Air
Force personnel, and at least those elements of ADCON that are necessary to ensure
mission accomplishment over those Air Force personnel attached to the Air Force
component command. It is through ADCON that the COMAFFOR provides properly
organized, trained, and equipped Air Force forces to be employed under the OPCON of
the JFC.

COORDINATING AUTHORITY
Coordinating authority is defined as “the commander or individual who has the
authority to require consultation between the specific functions or activities
involving forces of two or more Services, joint force components, or forces of the
same Service or agencies, but does not have the authority to compel agreement”
(JP 1). In the event that essential agreement cannot be obtained, the matter shall be
referred to the appointing authority. Coordinating authority is a consultation relationship,
not an authority through which command may be exercised.

DIRECT LIAISON AUTHORIZED (DIRLAUTH)

Direct liaison authorized is defined as “that authority granted by a commander (any
level) to a subordinate to directly consult or coordinate an action with a command
or agency within or outside of the granting command.” (JP 1).


                                             54
                           AFDP 3-30 COMMAND AND CONTROL


               APPENDIX B: THE AIR OPERATIONS CENTER
                               Last Updated: 7 January 2020

The following discussion outlines the basic air operations center (AOC).

The Air Force has established a number of AOCs that provide the ability to command
and control (C2) air, space, and cyberspace forces. By design and intent, the AOC
provides the best C2 capability to command and control the joint air effort and forms the
nucleus, with appropriate augmentation from other Services and components, of the
joint or combined AOC (JAOC or CAOC) when joint force commander (JFC) designates
the commander, Air Force forces (COMAFFOR) as the joint force or combined force air
component commander (JFACC or CFACC). The AOC is organic to the Air Force
Service component. If the JFC does not designate a JFACC, the AOC does not become
the JAOC but provides the COMAFFOR the ability to command and control Air Force
forces for employment as the Service component. If the JFC designates some other
Service component commander as the JFACC, that Service component C2 structure
forms the JAOC and the AOC provides the COMAFFOR the ability to command and
control Air Force forces that are made available for tasking under the TACON of the
non-Air Force JFACC.

The AOC provides operational-level C2 of air component forces as the focal point for
designing, planning, executing, and assessing air component operations. The AOC can
be tailored and scaled to a specific or changing mission, and to the associated Service
component the air component commander presents to the JFC. The AOC is organic to
the air component commander’s ability to command and control Air Force forces. Air
Force Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures 3-3.AOC, Air Operations Center and Air
Force Instruction 13-1AOC, Volume 3, Operational Procedures-Air Operations Center
provide further detail concerning the structure, functions, processes, and personnel
within the AOC.

The primary functions of the AOC are to:

 Develop air component operations strategy and planning documents that integrate
  air, space, and cyberspace operations to meet air component commander objectives
  and guidance the JFC designates.


                                           55
 Task, execute, and assess day-to-day air component operations; provide rapid
  reaction, positive airspace control, and coordinate and deconflict weapons
  employment as well as integrate the total air component effort.

 Receive, assemble, analyze, filter, and disseminate all-source intelligence and
  weather information to support air component operations planning, execution, and
  assessment.

 Integrate space capabilities and coordinate space activities for the air component
  commander when designated as space coordinating authority.

 Issue airspace control procedures and coordinate airspace control activities for the
  airspace control authority (ACA) when designated.

 Provide overall direction of air defense, including theater missile defense (TMD), for
  the area air defense commander (AADC) when designated.

 Plan, task, and execute the theater air component intelligence, surveillance, and
  reconnaissance (ISR) mission.

 Conduct component-level assessment to determine mission and overall air
  component operations effectiveness as required by the JFC to support the theater
  assessment effort.

 Plan and task air mobility operations according to the theater priorities.

AOC ORGANIZATION

The baseline AOC organization includes an AOC commander, five divisions (strategy,
combat plans, combat operations, ISR, and air mobility), and multiple support/specialty
teams. Each integrates numerous disciplines in a cross-functional team approach to
planning and execution. Liaisons from other Service and functional components may be
present to represent the full range of joint air, space, and cyberspace capabilities made
available to the air component commander. The following provides a summary of the
major elements of an AOC.

AOC Commander

The AOC commander is charged with effectively managing air component operations
and establishing the AOC battle rhythm. The AOC commander develops and directs
processes to design, plan, coordinate, allocate, task, execute, and assess air
component operations in the area of operations or joint operations area based on JFC
and air component commander guidance. The AOC commander commands the AOC
(but not Air Force forces) and should be prepared to direct a joint AOC when
designated.


                                            56
Strategy Division

The strategy division concentrates on long-range design and planning of air component
operations to achieve JFC objectives by developing, refining, disseminating, and
assessing progress toward achieving the air component commander component
strategy. The strategy division is normally task organized into three functionally oriented
core teams: the strategy plans team, the strategy guidance team, and the operational
assessment team. During less demanding operations, the information operations team,
which supports all AOC divisions, is administratively under the strategy division chief.
Key products include the joint air operations plan, the air operations directive (AOD),
and other air component commander guidance.

Combat Plans Division

The combat plans division applies operational art to develop detailed execution plans
for air component operations. The combat plans division is normally task organized into
four functionally oriented core teams: the targeting effects team; the master air attack
plan (MAAP) team; the air tasking order (ATO) production team, which also produces
space and cyberspace tasking orders (STO and CTO), as applicable; and the C2
planning team. The division’s key products are an area air defense plan, airspace
control plan, area air defense plan, ATO, STO, CTO, airspace control order (ACO),
special instructions, and joint integrated prioritized target list.

Combat Operations Division

The combat operations division monitors and executes current operations. The combat
operations division is also the focal point for monitoring the execution of joint and
combined operations, such as time-sensitive targeting, theater missile defense, joint
suppression of enemy air defense supported by theater forces, and the joint air attack
team. The combat operations division is normally task-organized into four functionally
oriented core teams: offensive operations, defensive operations, senior intelligence duty
officer team, and interface control team. The division’s main products are daily ATO,
STO, CTO, and ACO changes, and changes to other plans and orders, as required.

ISR Division
The ISR division, in conjunction with the other AOC divisions, plans and executes
airborne ISR operations and provides combat ISR support to air component planning,
execution, and assessment activities. The ISR division has four core teams: the
analysis, correlation and fusion team; the targeting and tactical assessment team; the
ISR operations team; and the processing, exploitation, and dissemination management
team. Major products include: the reconnaissance, surveillance, and target acquisition
annex to the ATO (or the ISR collection plan); updated intelligence preparation of the
operational environment; air component target nomination list; and intelligence
summaries.


                                            57
Air Mobility Division

The air mobility division (AMD) plans, coordinates, tasks, and executes the theater air
mobility mission. Unlike the other AOC divisions that work solely for the AOC
commander, the AMD coordinates with the director of mobility forces (DIRMOBFOR)
but remains responsive to the tempo and timing of the AOC commander's operation.
The DIRMOBFOR is responsible for integrating the total air mobility effort for the air
component commander and, in this capacity, coordinates with the AMD to execute the
air mobility mission. The AMD coordinates with the theater deployment distribution
operations center and the 618 AOC (Tanker/Airlift Control Center). The AMD is
comprised of four core teams: the airlift control team, the air refueling control team, the
air mobility control team, and the aeromedical evacuation control team. Major products
include airlift apportionment plans and air refueling inputs to the MAAP, ATO, ACO, and
special instructions.


                                            58
                            AFDP 3-30 COMMAND AND CONTROL


        APPENDIX C: THE AIR FORCE FORCES (AFFOR) STAFF
                                 Last Updated: 7 January 2020

This appendix supports the basic discussion of the AFFOR staff. More specific guidance
can be found in Air Force Instruction 13-103, AFFOR Staff Operations, Readiness and
Structures.

An AFFOR staff (sometimes also              Pacific Air Forces (PACAF) Staff:
called an                                 Synchronizing Orders and Execution in
A-Staff) supports the air                       Great Power Competition
component commander at the
combatant command (CCMD),                 To facilitate the planning, direction,
subordinate unified command, or           distribution, and sustainment of air forces in
joint task force level. The AFFOR         the Indo-Pacific theater against near peer
staff is the vehicle through which        adversaries, the Commander, Pacific Air
the air component commander               Forces (COMPACAF) organizes the air
fulfills operational and                  operations center (AOC) under the PACAF
administrative responsibilities for       A-3/6. Subordination of the combined force
assigned and attached forces              air component commander’s operational-
across the competition                    level command and control (C2) center
continuum. In the steady state,           under the Air Force Service component’s
the AFFOR staff performs                  staff officer responsible for operations and
administrative responsibilities           communications allows the COMPACAF’s
(organize, train, equip, and              staff to coordinate the functions necessary
sustain), and also plans,                 to deploy, maintain, and maneuver
executes, and assesses                    expeditionary Air Force forces in the
operations in support of the              theater’s anti-access / area denial
combatant commander’s                     environment. The alignment also facilitates
(CCDR’s) theater campaign                 staff-to-staff integration of effort with
strategies and plans. The                 CCMD/J3 and joint operations center,
AFFOR staff is also responsible           across components and within the air
for the operational planning that         component, which is necessary to
occurs outside the air tasking            synchronize operations and maintain
cycle (e.g., contingency                  initiative while achieving redundancy and
planning). The AFFOR staff                resiliency forward.
consists of functionally oriented
directorates, a command section,

                                             59
a personal staff, and any required liaisons. The AFFOR staff issues mission-type orders
on behalf of the air component commander to direct subordinate units to execute
actions outside of the scope of the air, space, or cyberspace tasking orders (ATO, STO,
and CTO, respectively). Examples of such orders may include setting a baseline force
protection condition, directing the move of a unit to another operating base, and
overseeing the execution of steady-state or security cooperation operations.

AFFOR STAFF ORGANIZATION
The following discussion of AFFOR staff duties is not intended to be all-inclusive.
The differing mission requirements of any given operation may dictate different
task emphasis and staff arrangements. Very large or complex operations, for
example, may require all staff directorates. In some cases, senior component liaison
elements may not be needed, while some of the required support may be obtained
through reachback. For very small or limited operations, a full AFFOR staff may not be
required. As a rule of thumb, the size and span of the AFFOR staff should normally be
held to the smallest number of divisions necessary to handle the demands of the
operation; in some cases, the air component commander may combine some
leadership positions (e.g., A-3/5). Other operations may employ an AFFOR staff split
into forward and rear elements, using reachback to maintain unity of effort. In each
case, based upon regional requirements, the air component commander determines the
size, shape, and location of the AFFOR staff, AOC, and liaisons to best support the
operation.

Command Section

The command section is normally composed of the air component commander, vice
commander, chief of staff, command chief master sergeant, executive assistant, and
appropriate administrative support personnel. Within the command section, the chief of
staff coordinates and directs the daily activities of the AFFOR staff; approves actions,
orders, and plans, as authorized by the air component commander; and ensures air
component commander decisions and concepts are implemented by directing and
assigning staff responsibilities.

Personal Staff
The air component commander has several staff activities that normally function outside
the AFFOR staff directorates. These activities fulfill specific responsibilities usually
related to providing close, personal advice or services to the commander, or assist the
commander and the component staff with technical, administrative, or tactical matters.
These activities may include the commander’s legal advisor; political advisor; public
affairs advisor; inspector general; protocol advisor; historian; chaplain; and advisors or
directors for counterintelligence and special investigations, financial management, force
protection, air mobility operations, space operations, cyberspace operations, medical,
knowledge operations management, and safety . Based on the needs of the operation


                                            60
and the requirements of the AFFOR staff, some of these activities may be located within
the AFFOR staff directorates.


              Knowledge Management Enabling Decision Superiority

    Prior to exercise Austere Challenge 2015, US Air Forces in Europe-Air Forces
    Africa experienced significant challenges in trying to achieve decision superiority
    due to a lack of knowledge management (KM) governance. Applying the joint
    KM operational design approach, the chief of staff created a civilian KM officer
    position, KM cell, and established a KM working group to plan, operate, and
    maintain four lines of effort (decision support, process management, KM
    governance, and a knowledge-sharing culture). The goal was to enable decision
    superiority through improved shared situational awareness and understanding,
    and to better support the commander’s decision-making process.

    Working for the chief of staff, the KM team first analyzed what information the
    commander and other senior leaders required. They then examined what
    information the staff needed to improve their shared situational awareness and
    inform their recommendations to the commander. Next, the KM team analyzed,
    streamlined, and standardized the information flow processes used to gather,
    input, and distribute operational knowledge products (e.g., operation plans and
    orders, courses of action, and staff estimates). They then applied enabling
    technologies, tools, business rules, and training to achieve the goal.

    They created a Secret Internet Protocol Router Network-based “situation room”
    architecture using SharePoint (IntelShare) with workflows and site-wide
    metadata to consolidate and automate processes, and to increase search and
    archive capabilities. This framework facilitated knowledge and information flows
    across organizational lines within the command structure and with other
    Department of Defense agencies. The staff became more effective at locating
    data and information, and was better able to support the commander’s decision
    making. Lessons learned and continuous process improvement methodologies
    empowered the team to develop, implement, and sustain incremental
    improvements across many exercises and operations since 2015.


Senior Component Liaisons

The senior liaison officer (LNO) from each component represents his or her respective
commander to the air component commander. Subordinate LNOs from each component
may perform duties throughout the staff as required, providing weapon system
expertise. LNOs should be knowledgeable of the capabilities and limitations of their
units and Service.

                                            61
Manpower, Personnel, and Services (A–1)

The director of manpower, personnel, and services is the principal staff assistant to the
air component commander for total force accountability, personnel policy and
procedures, the establishment and documentation of manpower requirements,
organizational structures, mortuary affairs, food and force beddown operations, the
coordination of exchange services, and the provision of quality of life programs to
enable and sustain forces assigned and attached.

Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (A–2)

The director of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) is the principal
staff assistant for policy and guidance for all Air Force ISR operational architectures,
personnel, systems, training, and intelligence preparation of the operational
environment (IPOE). The A–2 provides intelligence support to forces within the
assigned area of operations. The A–2 does not normally direct ISR collection assets
when an ISR division is resident in the AOC; this is normally directed by AOC’s ISR
division chief.
                                          PACAF Watch Center: Synergizing
Operations (A–3)
                                           Staff Functions for Agile Combat
                                                     Employment
The director of operations
serves as the principal staff           The deployment, dispersal, and maneuver
assistant in the direction and          of operations and support units forward
control of all assigned and             for adaptive basing in the Indo-Pacific
attached Air Force forces.              Theater is a formidable challenge for the
When operational control of Air         PACAF staff, including the PACAF A-4.
Force units is formally                 The PACAF chief of staff directs an
transferred to the air component        operations center called the Pacific Air
commander, the A-3 ensures              Forces Watch Center (PAFWC) to
they are capable of performing          synchronize PACAF A-4 functions with
tasked missions. This includes          the PACAF staff, the air component’s
monitoring unit deployments             AOC, and Logistics Combat Support
and beddown locations, combat           Teams in theater. In addition to
readiness, mission rehearsals,          synergizing PACAF’s daily staff functions
force protection, and training          overall, the PAFWC facilitates the
activities. The A-3 is the focal        maintenance and sustainment of
point for executing component           dispersed forces for agile combat
operations outside the purview          employment and enables the air
of the AOC.                             component commander to distribute
                                        commander’s intent, direction, and
Logistics (A–4)                         guidance in a dynamic and competitive
                                        environment.
The director of logistics is the
principal staff assistant for
logistics and sustainment

                                             62
support. The A-4 staff is a broad, multi-disciplined organization, generally comprised of
logistics plans, munitions, fuels, vehicle management, materiel management,
maintenance, host nation support, contracting, distribution and combat logistics support.
On some AFFOR staffs, the director of logistics also serves as the advisor for civil
engineer installation management, security forces, fire emergency services, explosive
ordinance disposal, emergency management, agile combat support, planning for
commercial support, integrated defense, weapons system security, antiterrorism, force
protection, and the senior maintenance officer.

Plans and Requirements (A–5)

The director of plans and requirements serves as the principal staff assistant for all
consolidated planning functions. In coordination with the A–4, the A–5 conducts
comprehensive force-level movement and execution planning throughout the campaign.
This involves preparation and subsequent refinement of the force flow, beddown, and
redeployment in the time-phased force and deployment data. The A–5 is the focal point
for planning not under the purview of the AOC, to include the campaign support plan
and security cooperation country plans. This planning is normally preceded by the
development of a strategy. The A-5 is also the focal point for the operational
assessment of such plans. In addition, the A-5 leads in the development of the
organizational structure and command relationships for the Air Force component within
the framework of the joint operation. The A–5 normally publishes the Air Force
component operations order to support the JFC’s campaign.

Communications (A–6)

The director of communications is the principal staff assistant for communications-
electronics and certain information capabilities. This includes establishing the theater
communications and automated systems architecture to support operational and
command requirements.

Installations and Mission Support (A-7)

Current AFFOR staffs no longer include the A-7, but have incorporated the duties
under the A-4 and Air Force installation and mission support. However, CCMD
joint staffs still retain this directorate as the J-7. Should the air component
commander create such a directorate, duties include being primary advisor for
installations; mission support; force protection; explosive ordnance disposal; civil
engineering; firefighting; emergency management; chemical, biological, radiological,
and nuclear passive defense and response; contracting; and all cross-functional
expeditionary combat support.

Strategic Plans and Programs (A–8)
The director of strategic plans and programs provides comprehensive advice on all
aspects of strategic planning and programming. The A–8 also conducts program
                                            63
assessment and provides coordinated resource inputs to the supporting Air Force major
command’s program objective memorandum processes.

Studies, Analyses, Assessments, and Lessons Learned
(A–9)

The director of studies, analyses, assessments, and lessons learned, collects,
documents, reports, and disseminates critical information necessary to analyze, assess,
and document Air Force aspects of campaigns and contingencies, and to document
lessons identified. This information provides the primary source documents for both
contemporary and future Air Force planning and analysis. Moreover, they serve as a
baseline for component mission accomplishment.

Strategic Deterrence and Nuclear Integration (A–10)
The director of strategic deterrence and nuclear integration is the primary advisor
for strategic deterrence, conventional/nuclear integration, and Air Force nuclear
enterprise matters. This includes nuclear force structure, readiness,
sustainability, and vulnerability data, as well as nuclear command, control and
communications, and nuclear weapons employment.


                                            64
                          AFDP 3-30 COMMAND AND CONTROL


          APPENDIX D: THE THEATER AIR CONTROL SYSTEM
                               Last Updated: 7 January 2020

The theater air control system (TACS) is the Air Force’s mechanism for commanding
and controlling theater airpower. It consists of airborne and ground elements to conduct
tailored command and control (C2) of airpower operations throughout the competition
continuum, including counterair, counterland, countersea, and counterspace operations;
airspace control; and coordination of space and cyberspace mission support not
resident within theater. The structure and positioning of the TACS elements adapt as
needed to effectively control airpower. As an organic Air Force system, the TACS
remains under the operational control (OPCON) of the air component commander. In
multinational commands, the name and function of certain TACS elements may differ,
but multinational air components have similar capabilities.

TACS ORGANIZATION

As the senior C2 element of the TACS, the air operations center (AOC) includes
personnel and equipment of the necessary disciplines to ensure the effective conduct of
air component operations (e.g., communications, operations, intelligence, and weather).
When the commander, Air Force forces (COMAFFOR) is designated as the joint force
air component commander (JFACC), airspace control authority, area air defense
commander, space coordinating authority, and electronic warfare control authority,
these functions are also performed through the AOC. The AOC should have secure and
redundant communications with higher and lateral headquarters, as well as subordinate
units. The TACS provides the air component commander connectivity from the theater
strategic level down through tactical elements such as Airborne Warning and Control
System (AWACS), Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System (JSTARS), control
and reporting centers (CRCs) to tactical air control parties (TACPs) and joint terminal
attack controllers (JTACs) organized under expeditionary air support operations groups
or expeditionary air support operations squadrons.

When the TACS is combined with other components’ C2 elements, such as the Army
air-ground system, the Navy tactical air control system, and the Marine Corps air
command and control system, they become the theater air-ground system (TAGS), and
collectively support the air component commander


                                           65
Each Service component of a joint force employs its respective element of the TAGS.
The air component commander will exercise control of component forces made
available for tasking using TACS. If another Service component commander is
designated as the JFACC, then he or she would likely employ their own Service
component element of TAGS as the primary system for control of air component forces
made available for tasking. When some other Service component commander is
designated as the JFACC, the COMAFFOR will retain control of the TACS structure to
exercise OPCON over Air Force forces and integrate Air Force forces under the tactical
control of the JFACC. For a description of each Service’s TAGS element see Air Force
Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures 3-2.17, Multi-Service Tactics, Techniques, and
Procedures for the Theater Air-Ground System (common access card required).

The TACS is divided into ground and airborne elements as described below.

Ground TACS Elements

Ground TACS elements include the
CRCs, the air support operations
center (ASOC), and TACPs.

Control and Reporting Centers

The CRC is subordinate to the AOC
and conducts air surveillance and
supports strategic attack, counterair,
counterland, air refueling operations,          The AOC is the senior element
and other airpower functions and                within the TACS. The TACS includes
missions as directed. Responsibility as         the AOC plus subordinate ground and
the region or sector air defense                airborne elements, and is directly
commander may be decentralized to               involved in the C2 of most air
the CRC, which acts as the primary              missions. Collectively, the TACS has
integration point for fighters                  the capability to plan, direct, integrate,
conducting defensive counterair and             and control all air, space, and
air defense artillery (ADA) fire control        cyberspace forces assigned, attached,
in its assigned area. It also enhances          or made available for tasking; monitor
the joint forces’ situational awareness         the actions of both friendly and enemy
by disseminating the air picture over           forces; plan, direct, coordinate, and
data-links. The CRC may deploy                  control air defense and airspace
mobile radars and associated                    control; and coordinate for required
communications equipment to expand              space and cyberspace support.
radar coverage and communications
range within its assigned operating             It is important to remember that the
area. These remote radars are                   entire TACS is necessary for the air
capable of providing early warning,             component commander’s effective
surveillance, weapons control, and              command of airpower.
identification functions.

                                           66
Air Support Operations Centers

The ASOC, which reports to the AOC, receives, coordinates, and processes air support
requests from subordinate TACPs, which are transmitted through the joint air request
net. ASOCs distribute allocated sorties to satisfy requests for air support and integrate
those missions with the supported units' fires and maneuver. An ASOC is normally
tasked to support an Army unit but can also support units from other organizations (e.g.,
special operations, coalition forces). It may also augment other missions requiring C2 of
air assets (e.g., humanitarian efforts).

Tactical Air Control Parties

TACPs are aligned with Army maneuver elements, battalion through division level. They
are primarily responsible for decentralized execution of close air support (CAS)
operations. TACPs request, coordinate, and control CAS missions as required. For
more information on TACPs and ASOCs, see Annex 3-03, Counterland Operations.

AIRBORNE TACS ELEMENTS
Airborne elements of the TACS include AWACS, JSTARS, and the forward air controller
(airborne) (FAC [A]).

Airborne Warning and Control System

AWACS is subordinate to the AOC and conducts air and maritime surveillance and
supports strategic attack, counterair, counterland, countersea, air refueling operations,
and other airpower functions and missions as directed. Responsibility as the region or
sector air defense commander may be decentralized to AWACS, which acts as the
primary integration point for air defense fighters and ADA fire control in its assigned
area. It also enhances the joint forces’ situational awareness by disseminating the air
and maritime picture over data-links.

Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System

JSTARS conducts ground and maritime surveillance and supports strategic attack,
counterair, counterland, countersea, and other airpower functions and missions as
directed. It primarily provides dedicated support to ground commanders and attack
support functions to friendly offensive and defensive air elements and may be employed
as an airborne extension to the ASOC. It also enhances the joint forces’ situational
awareness by disseminating the ground and maritime picture over data-links.

Forward Air Controller (Airborne)

The FAC (A) is an airborne extension of the TACP and has the authority to direct
aircraft delivering ordnance to a specific target cleared by the ground commander. The
FAC (A) provides additional flexibility in the operational environment by enabling rapid

                                            67
coordination and execution of air operations. It also enhances the TACS’ situational
awareness by disseminating information on the flow of aircraft on target.


                                           68
                            AFDP 3-30 COMMAND AND CONTROL


      APPENDIX E: DEFINITIONS AND EXPLANATIONS OF TERMS
                                 Last Updated: 7 January 2020


COMMAND

Command is “the authority that a commander in the Armed Forces lawfully exercises
over subordinates by virtue of rank or assignment” (Joint Publication [JP] 1, Doctrine for
the Armed Forces of the United States). Although commanders may delegate
authority to accomplish the mission, they cannot delegate the responsibility for
the attainment of mission objectives.

CONTROL

Control is “authority that may be less than full command exercised by a commander
over part of the activities of subordinate or other organizations” (JP 1). Control is the
process, inherent in command, by which commanders plan, guide, and conduct
operations. This process requires strong leaders who conduct assessment and
evaluation of follow-up actions. Time and distance factors often limit the direct control of
subordinates, especially in a contested environment. Commanders should rely on
delegation of authorities and promulgation of commander’s intent as methods to control
forces.

COMMAND AND CONTROL (C2)
                                                  “C2 functions are performed
Command and control is “the exercise of           through an arrangement of
authority and direction by a properly             personnel, equipment,
designated commander over assigned and            communications, facilities, and
attached forces in the accomplishment of          procedures employed by a
the mission” (JP 1). C2 enables mission           commander in planning, directing,
accomplishment by collaborative planning          coordinating, and controlling forces
and synchronizing, integrating forces and         and operations in the
operations in time and purpose. Fluid             accomplishment of the mission.”
horizontal and vertical information flow
enables effective C2 throughout the chain                                       -- JP 1
of command. This information flow, and its
timely fusion, enables optimum decision-
making, operationalizing the tenet of centralized control and decentralized execution. A
                                             69
robust and redundant C2 system provides commanders the ability to effectively employ
their forces despite the fog and friction of war while simultaneously minimizing the
enemy’s capability to interfere with the same.

COMMANDER

The dual-hatted air component commander (joint force air component
commander [JFACC] and commander, Air Force forces [COMAFFOR]) is the most
common and historically most successful arrangement for command and control
of airpower.

The JFACC should be the Service component commander within a unified combatant
command, subordinate unified command, or joint task force (JTF) with the
preponderance of air forces to be tasked and the ability to plan, task, and control joint
air operations.

The COMAFFOR is the single Air Force commander of an Air Force Service component
assigned or attached to a joint force commander (JFC) at the unified combatant
command, subordinate unified command, or JTF level.

UNITY OF COMMAND
Unity of command is one of the principles of joint operations. According to Volume 1,
Basic Doctrine, “unity of command ensures concentration of effort for every objective
under one responsible commander. This principle emphasizes that all efforts should be
directed and coordinated toward a common objective.”

Unity of command is not intended to promote centralized control without delegation of
execution authority to subordinate commanders. As the breadth of command expands
to include full spectrum of operations, commanders are typically unable to exercise
immediate control over all operations in their area of command. Thus, C2 arrangements
normally include the assignment of responsibilities and the delegation of authorities
between superior and subordinate commanders. Senior commanders should provide
the desired end state, desired effects, rules of engagement (ROE), and required
feedback on the progress of the operation while subordinate commanders direct tactical
operations.

Forces should be organized to assure unity of command with commanders clearly
delineated at appropriate echelons. Within a joint force, the JFACC provides a single
Airman in command of assigned and attached Air Force forces and joint air forces made
available for tasking.

CENTRALIZED CONTROL AND DECENTRALIZED EXECUTION
Centralized control and decentralized execution are a key tenet of C2; providing Airmen
the ability to exploit the speed, flexibility, and versatility of airpower. Centralized control

                                              70
is defined as “in joint air operations, placing within one commander the responsibility
and authority for planning, directing, and coordinating a military operation or
group/category of operations” (JP 3-30, Joint Air Operations). Decentralized execution
is defined as “the delegation of execution authority to subordinate commanders” (JP 3-
30) and other tactical-level decision makers to achieve effective span of control and to
foster disciplined initiative and tactical flexibility. Airpower’s speed, range, and ability to
maneuver within three domains depend on centralized control and decentralized
execution to achieve the desired effects.

Because of airpower’s potential to directly affect the strategic level of war and
operational level of war, it should be controlled by a single Airman at the air component
commander level. A single commander, focused on the broader strategic perspective
necessary to balance and prioritize use of airpower resources and aspects of an
operation, can best mediate competing demands for tactical support against the
strategic and operational requirements of the conflict.

Volume 1, Basic Doctrine, more fully explains the Air Force’s commitment to the tenet of
centralized control and decentralized execution of airpower.

MISSION COMMAND

“Mission command is the conduct of military operations through decentralized execution
based upon mission-type orders and is a key component of the C2 function.
Commanders delegate decisions to subordinate wherever possible, which minimizes
detailed control and empowers subordinates’ initiative to make decisions based on the
commander’s guidance rather than constant communications. While philosophically
consistent with historical C2 of air operations, modern joint air operations demand a
balanced approach to C2” (JP 3-30). See also JP 1 for further discussion.

Its intent is for subordinates to clearly understand the commander’s intent and to foster
flexibility and initiative at the tactical level to best accomplish the mission.
Decentralization of tactical planning via conditions-based or mission-type orders,
combined with command by negation and accepting the appropriate level of risk, allows
subordinate commanders to focus on the superior commander’s intent and required
effects to accomplish the mission in an efficient manner. Joint education, planning, and
training are required to develop and demonstrate professional competence based on
doctrine and knowledge. This approach is best codified in centralized control and
decentralized execution.

COMMANDER’S INTENT
Commander’s intent is “a clear and concise expression of the purpose of the operation
and the desired military end state that supports mission command, provides focus to the
staff, and helps subordinate and supporting commanders act to achieve the
commander’s desired results without further orders, even when the operation does not
unfold as planned” (JP 3-0, Joint Operations).

                                               71
Two joint C2 concepts that nurture implicit communications are commander’s intent and
mission-type orders. By expressing intent and direction through mission-type orders, the
commander attempts to provide clear objectives and goals to enable subordinates to
execute the mission. The commander’s intent should specify the goals, priorities,
acceptable risks, and limits of the operation. Subordinates should be able to operate
independently for some period of time based solely on commander’s intent.

Guidance for planning and conducting air component operations is reflected in the
commander’s intent. Those granted delegated authority must understand the
commander’s intent, which is disseminated through such products as a JFC’s operation
plan; a JFACC’s joint air operations plan and air operations directive; air, space, or
cyber tasking orders produced by appropriate components; and annexes to such plans
and orders that provide specific guidance for specialized functions. Unity of effort over
complex operations is made possible through decentralized execution of centralized,
overarching plans. Roles and responsibilities throughout the chain of command should
be clearly spelled out and understood, not only to ensure proper follow-through of the
original mission intent and accountability for mission completion, but also to provide
continuity of operations in the event of degraded communications between echelons.
Communication between commanders and those to whom authority is delegated is
essential throughout all phases of the military operation.

Air Force commanders at all echelons are expected to command, to lead their forces to
accomplish assigned and implied tasks in furtherance of the superior commanders’
objectives. Training and exercises programs should be structured to ensure Air Force
commanders are equipped with the skills and knowledge to accomplish assigned or
implied tasks in a degraded or contested environment.

BATTLE RHYTHM
Battle rhythm discipline enhances control of forces. Effective operations in a theater
require the integration and synchronization of strategic, operational, and tactical
processes, to ensure mission planning, preparation, execution, and assessment are
coordinated. It is essentially a schedule of important events that should be synchronized
with the other Service or functional components and combined forces.


                                           72
