{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T23:48:43Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 14, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 167856, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/court-case-state-of-new-hampshire-v-daniel-fichera-13-pages.pdf", "source_sha256": "094c213f21240072dd175b629c37df5c47a767708d3147779347d0e89c3a454a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 552, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DECLASSIFICATION EFFORTS AND RESEARCH OF:
THE BLACK VAULT
THE BLACK VAULT IS THE LARGEST ONLINE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT/ GOVERNMENT
RECORD CLEARING HOUSE IN THE WORLD. THE RESEARCH EFFORTS HERE ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DECLASSIFICATION OF THOUSANDS OF DOCUMENTS THROUGHOUT THE U.S. GOVERNMENT,
AND ALL CAN BE DOWNLOADED BY VISITING:
HTTP://WWW.BLACKVAULT.COM
YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO FORWARD THIS DOCUMENT TO YOUR FRIENDS, BUT
PLEASE KEEP THIS IDENTIFYING IMAGE AT THE TOP OF THE
PDF SO OTHERS CAN DOWNLOAD MORE!

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 1702, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NOTICE: This opinion is subject to motions for rehearing under Rule 22 as
well as formal revision before publication in the New Hampshire Reports.
Readers are requested to notify the Reporter, Supreme Court of New
Hampshire, One Noble Drive, Concord, New Hampshire 03301, of any editorial
errors in order that corrections may be made before the opinion goes to press.
Errors may be reported by E-mail at the following address:
reporter@courts.state.nh.us. Opinions are available on the Internet by 9:00
a.m. on the morning of their release. The direct address of the court's home
page is: http://www.courts.state.nh.us/supreme.
THE SUPREME COURT OF NEW HAMPSHIRE
Strafford
No. 2005-122
THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE
V.
DANIEL FICHERA
Argued: February 22, 2006
Opinion Issued: June 9, 2006
Kelly A. Ayotte, attorney general (Robert S. Carey, assistant attorney
general, on the brief and orally), for the State.
Christopher M. Johnson, chief appellate defender, of Concord, on the
brief and orally, for the defendant.
DUGGAN, J. The defendant, Daniel Fichera, was convicted in Superior
Court (Mohl, J.) of attempted murder, see RSA 629:1 (Supp. 2005); RSA 630:1-
a (1996), first degree assault, see RSA 631:1 (1996); kidnapping, see RSA 633:1
(Supp. 2005), and criminal threatening, see RSA 631:4 (Supp. 2005). We
reverse and remand.
The jury could have found the following facts. In May 2003, the
defendant and Monica King-Fichera separated after a seven-year relationship
and one year of marriage. Prior to their separation, they lived in Milton, and
jointly owned five acres of undeveloped land off Piggott Hill Road in Milton.
Access to the land was through a neighbor's driveway and a trail. After the

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 446, "chars": 2834, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
separation, King-Fichera moved to Lebanon, New Hampshire, and the
defendant remained in Milton.
The defendant subsequently contacted King-Fichera and told her that
their neighbor had agreed to a "variance," which would give them access to the
land off Piggott Hill Road. King-Fichera agreed to meet with the defendant and
the neighbor to reach an agreement concerning access rights.
On October 28, 2003, King-Fichera met the defendant in Milton, and
they drove together to the Piggott Hill Road property. After they arrived, they
sat at a picnic table and conversed cordially for about forty-five minutes. The
defendant asked King-Fichera whether there was a possibility of getting back
together and she said that she wanted to remain friends but did not think they
were compatible as husband and wife. The defendant asked King-Fichera if
she wanted to make love and she said no.
The defendant became angry and retrieved a shotgun. After a struggle,
he forced King-Fichera to write a "confession" that she was an adulterous
woman, and showed her a Bible with passages highlighted about adulterous
women, divorce, revenge and prayer. The defendant threatened to spray King-
Fichera with pepper spray. After unsuccessfully attempting to handcuff King-
Fichera, the defendant threatened her with a large knife. He then hit her head
several times with the butt of the shotgun and fired the shotgun into the air.
The defendant told her that he intended to kill her and then himself.
As the sun was setting, King-Fichera told the defendant that she had to
leave. He then aimed the shotgun at her chest and told her, "Woman, I love
you so much, ... but you're going to die." He fired the shotgun into King-
Fichera's chest. Although wounded, King-Fichera managed to run away. The
defendant followed, hitting her repeatedly with the butt of the shotgun. King-
Fichera then lay down and "pretended to be comatose." After the defendant
left, she got up and ran into the woods. The defendant followed, but could not
catch her before she arrived at the home of a neighbor who called 911.
The defendant was indicted for attempted murder, first degree assault,
kidnapping and criminal threatening. Prior to trial, he timely filed a notice of
insanity defense. See RSA 628:2, III (1996). The defendant's "Notice of Defense
of Insanity" stated: "Now comes [the defendant] ... and respectfully notifies
this Court and the State of his intention to assert the defense of insanity, as set
forth in RSA 628:2, at trial." The State moved to strike the insanity defense
and exclude testimony of defense experts on the issue of insanity.
The court conducted a pretrial hearing, at which the State argued that
the defendant could not present an insanity defense because he had not
proffered any evidence that his mental illness caused the charged conduct.
2

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 394, "chars": 2571, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The State argued that the jury should not be permitted to infer from testimony
about the defendant's depression and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)
that his mental condition caused his conduct. The trial court agreed, ruling:
In this case, the only evidence which the defendant can
present is evidence that he suffered from PTSD and depression.
None of the doctors upon which he relies ... can offer any opinion
on his condition at the time of the incident.... The defendant
offers no evidence that indicates his PTSD and depression deprived
him of the ability to form the specific intent for the crimes upon
which he is indicted.
Indeed, the defense counsel admitted at the hearing that no
medical opinion evidence exists linking the defendant's conduct to
a mental disease or defect .... By his own admission, the
defendant can only present evidence as to one part of the analysis.
During trial, the defendant sought to cross-examine King-Fichera on
what he characterized as her "mental health issue." The defendant sought to
show that King-Fichera had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and
prescribed lithium. The defendant also sought to cross-examine King-Fichera
about what he alleged was her belief in UFOs, her ability to communicate with
spirits, that she possessed shamanistic powers and that divine intervention
had reversed her tubal ligation. He argued that cross-examination on these
matters was necessary to challenge King-Fichera's credibility and perception of
reality. The State objected, arguing that the defendant had not presented any
evidence of King-Fichera's allegedly abnormal beliefs and that it knew of no
basis for the claims that King-Fichera was bipolar other than statements by the
defense. The trial court sustained the State's objection and disallowed cross-
examination.
On appeal, the defendant argues that the trial court erred by: (1)
granting the State's pretrial motion to strike the defendant's insanity defense;
and (2) barring him from cross-examining King-Fichera on issues related to her
mental condition and beliefs. We address each argument in turn.
Insanity
At the outset, the defendant argues that the trial court erroneously
rejected his insanity defense on the grounds that he presented no expert
testimony in support of it. He argues that expert testimony is not required to
present an insanity defense. In support of his position, he relies upon cases
holding that insanity may be proven by lay witness testimony, and implying
that expert testimony is not required. See, e.g., State v. Hudson, 119 N.H. 963,
3

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 3044, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
966 (1979); see also State v. Plante, 134 N.H. 456, 460-62 (1991); State v.
Abbott, 127 N.H. 444, 448-49 (1985); State v. Rullo, 120 N.H. 149, 152 (1980).
The State forthrightly concedes that a defendant may prove insanity by
lay testimony and that expert testimony is not needed to support an insanity
defense. It argues, however, that the trial court properly struck the insanity
defense because the defendant "offered no evidence to show that a mental
disease or defect caused his actions." The defendant argues that he did not
need to proffer such evidence prior to trial. He contends that "Iblecause [he|
timely filed a Notice of Insanity Defense, he was entitled to the opportunity to
present evidence relevant to that defense." He contends that "before trial, the
court could not validly rule that [hel had failed to proffer sufficient lay witness
testimony to support the insanity defense" and that "if he failed to produce
sufficient evidence at trial, the court could then deny a jury instruction on the
insanity defense."
Insanity is an affirmative defense in New Hampshire. Abbott, 127 N.H.
at 448. A defendant asserting an insanity defense must prove two elements:
first, that at the time he acted, he was suffering from a mental disease or
defect; and, second, that a mental disease or defect caused his actions. See id.
The defendant has the burden of proving insanity by clear and convincing
evidence. RSA 628:2, II (1996).
There are four well-established principles relating to New Hampshire's
unique insanity defense. See State v. Jones, 50 N.H. 369, 393-400 (1871).
First, "sanity is a question of fact to be determined by the jury and ... there is
no test for determining whether a defendant is insane." State v. Hall, 148 N.H.
394, 399 (2002). Second, the test for insanity does not define or limit the
varieties of mental diseases or defects that can form the basis for a claim of
insanity, State v. Plummer, 117 N.H. 320, 327 (1977). Thus, both PTSD, cf
State v. Place, 126 N.H. 613, 615 (1983), and depression, cf. State v. Mercier,
128 N.H. 57, 65 (1986), may form the basis of an insanity defense. Third,
whether a mental disease or defect caused the charged conduct is a question of
fact for the jury. Abbott, 127 N.H. at 448; State v. Pike, 49 N.H. 399, 438
(1869), overruled on other grounds by Hardy v. Merrill, 56 N.H. 227, 234, 252
(1875). Fourth, a defendant asserting an insanity defense "is free to present
any and all evidence of his mental state at the time of the crime." Abbott, 127
N.H. at 449 (emphasis added); see also Plante, 134 N.H. at 462. "It has long
been recognized in this State that even the condition of insanity may be proved
by lay witnesses," Hudson, 119 N.H. at 966, and "lay testimony has ... been
held to satisfy federal constitutional standards." Id. at 966-67 (citing Moore v.
Duckworth, 443 U.S. 713, 714-15 (1979) (per curiam)).
The question of when a trial court may grant a pretrial motion to strike
an insanity defense is an issue of first impression in New Hampshire. We will
4

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2355, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
uphold the trial court's decision to strike an affirmative defense absent an
unsustainable exercise of discretion. See Exeter Hosp. v. Hall, 137 N.H. 397,
400 (1993); cf. State v. Lambert, 147 N.H. 295, 296 (2001) (explaining
unsustainable exercise of discretion standard). Notice of an insanity defense is
governed by RSA 628:2 (1996). RSA 628:2, III provides:
Evidence of insanity is not admissible unless:
(a) The defendant, within 10 days after entering his plea of
not guilty or at such later time as the court may for good
cause permit, notifies the court and the state of his
purpose to rely on such defense; and
(b) Such notice is given at least 30 days before the
scheduled commencement of trial.
RSA 628:2, III unambiguously requires a defendant to notify the court of
his insanity defense within the statutory time limitations and permits a trial
court to exclude evidence of insanity for failure to comply with these time
requirements. It is undisputed that the defendant timely filed his notice of
insanity defense. Thus, the defendant's notice of insanity defense complied
with the requirements of RSA 628:2, III.
The trial court, however, did not base its order upon RSA 628:2, III, and,
on appeal, neither the State nor the defendant specifically argues that RSA
628:2, III alone applies to the defendant's insanity defense. Instead, the parties
assume that Superior Court Rule 101, which sets forth notice requirements for
defenses generally, also applies to the defendant's insanity defense. The trial
court appears to have found that the defendant did not set forth grounds for
his defense as required by Rule 101. Therefore, we assume for purposes of this
appeal that Rule 101 applies to the defendant's insanity defense and we
address the sufficiency of the notice of insanity defense under that rule.
Rule 101 provides:
If a defendant intends to claim any defense specified by the
Criminal Code, a notice of such intention setting forth the grounds
therefor shall be filed with the Court, with a copy of same going to
the prosecution, in accordance with the time limitations in Rule 98
or within such further time as the Court may order for good cause
shown. If the defendant fails to comply with this rule, the Court
may exclude any testimony relating to such defense or make such
other order as the interest of justice requires.
5

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 432, "chars": 2838, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Superior Court Rule 98 requires that a defendant give the court and the State
written notice of an affirmative defense "within thirty (30) calendar days after
the entry of a plea of not guilty." Super. Ct. R. 98 (B)(1).
We addressed the scope of the requirement that a defendant "set|] forth
the grounds" of an affirmative defense in State v. Champagne, 152 N.H. 423,
428-29 (2005). There, the defendant told a police informant that he was
interested in purchasing ten pounds of marijuana. Champagne, 152 N.H. at
424. The defendant and the informant scheduled a date for the sale to take
place, but when they met on the scheduled date, they could not agree upon an
exact location for the transaction to take place. Id. at 424-25. The defendant
was later charged with attempted possession of five pounds or more of
marijuana with the intent to sell. Id. at 426. Before trial, the defendant filed a
notice that he intended to raise the affirmative defense of renunciation. Id. at
427; see RSA 629:1, III(a). The State filed a pretrial motion to strike the
renunciation defense, which the trial court denied following an evidentiary
hearing. Champagne, 152 N.H. at 428.
On appeal, we rejected the State's argument that the trial court erred by
denying the motion to strike the renunciation defense because "the facts
adduced at the evidentiary hearing did not support the defendant's claim of
renunciation." Id. (quotation omitted). We concluded that the defendant's
notice of his renunciation defense, which stated in pertinent part that "It]he
defendant withdrew from any further negotiations before any negotiations were
complete [and] walked away and renounced any further participation,"
adequately set forth the grounds of his affirmative defense and thus satisfied
Rule 101. Id. at 429 (quotation omitted). We stated:
The State essentially asks us to read into the requirement that a
defendant "set forth the grounds therefor" the added proviso that
the trial court test the validity of such grounds against any factual
findings it makes in the course of pretrial proceedings. We decline
to do so. The clear language of the rule is not susceptible of such
an interpretation, and the State does not refer to any authority
that convinces us otherwise.
Id. Accordingly, we upheld the trial court's order denying the State's motion to
strike the defendant's affirmative defense of renunciation. Id.
On appeal in this case, the State argues that the trial court properly
struck the defendant's insanity defense because "the defendant offered no
evidence that his actions were caused by a mental disease or defect." The
State's argument is essentially the same argument as it made in Champagne.
Here, as in Champagne, the State asks us to read into the Rule 101
requirement that the defendant "set|] forth the grounds therefor" the added
6

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 436, "chars": 2737, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
proviso that the trial court test the validity of such grounds against any factual
findings it makes in the course of pretrial proceedings. Cf. id. As in
Champagne, we decline to do so. Cf. id. We note that the trial court here did
not have the benefit of our ruling in Champagne, which we issued after the
trial court made its decision on the State's motion in this case.
The State further argues that, when dealing with an insanity defense, the
trial court is authorized to strike the defense where a defendant has not
proffered at least some evidence of insanity prior to trial. The State relies upon
the standard jury instruction on insanity, which identifies specific factors that
a jury may consider in deciding the issue of insanity. See N.H. Criminal Jury
Instruction 3.07 (1985). While it is true that a defendant is only entitled to a
jury instruction on insanity if his insanity defense is supported by "some
evidence," Plante, 134 N.H. at 460, that standard does not apply when
determining the adequacy of the notice given pursuant to Rule 101, cf.
Champagne, 152 N.H. at 429.
We disagree with the dissent's view that the trial court properly struck
the defendant's insanity defense because the defendant "proffered no evidence
tending to demonstrate that those conditions lof depression and PTSD] were in
any way related to his action on October 28, 2003." At the pretrial hearing,
defense counsel recognized the need to show that "[the defendant] was
suffering from [mental disease or defect] on the date in question." Counsel
offered to show that "here we actually have two diagnoses [for depression and
PTSD] and he was receiving treatment for them up until the very day that this
happened, land it is| not a great leap for a jury to conclude that he was insane
on the date that this occurred." The defendant's offer of proof was sufficient to
give notice of his intent to raise an insanity defense and the grounds upon
which he based that defense.
Our conclusion today is consistent with the fundamental nature of New
Hampshire's unique insanity defense, which we have long recognized as a
question of fact for the jury. See Pike, 49 N.H. at 438. It is also consistent
with State v. Lopez, 457 A.2d 20, 23 (N.J. Super. Ct. App. Div. 1983) (holding
that trial court lacked authority to grant a pretrial motion to strike an insanity
defense because it is "a jury's function" to determine the merits of an insanity
defense).
Because we conclude that the trial court engaged in an unsustainable
exercise of discretion in striking the defendant's insanity defense prior to trial
on the grounds that the defendant had not offered evidence that his mental
disease or defect caused the charged conduct, we reverse and remand.
7

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2639, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
II. Cross-examination
Because the issue of the scope of cross-examination is likely to arise
again on remand we will address it here. The defendant argues that his
constitutional right to confront adverse witnesses was violated by the trial
court's order, which barred him from impeaching King-Fichera's credibility
through cross-examination into what he characterizes as "her mental
instability and delusional thinking."
During a bench conference at trial, the defendant alleged that:
[King-Fichera claims to have] acted at the direction of spirit voices,
which have told her not to go to court. She believes in UFOs. She
believes that surgical procedures have been reversed by divine
intervention. She believes that she has shamanistic powers and
abilities. She believes that entities can possess another human
being, and at multiple times spirits have told her to do things and
not to do things.
The defendant also alleged that King-Fichera had a "bipolar disorder." The
prosecutor objected, arguing that the defendant had presented no evidence
that King-Fichera had the alleged mental impairments or that they affected her
credibility. The defendant offered to present his evidence to the court, arguing
that cross-examination into her alleged beliefs and bipolar condition was
necessary because "[a]ll of that goes straight to [her| credibility, and to her
perception of reality."
The trial court sustained the State's objection. It made separate rulings
with respect to King-Fichera's alleged bipolar condition and her alleged beliefs.
With respect to the alleged bipolar condition, the trial court stated, "In my
judgment, that's not enough to attack someone's credibility in the slightest."
With respect to King-Fichera's alleged beliefs, the court stated, "[They| don't
really go to mental illness, they go to various expressions at times over the
years the witness may have said concerning any number of issues
I don't think any of those are appropriate areas for cross-examination
unless it's specific things she may have said at various times in her life
regarding UFOs or any other subject."
Later in the trial, the defendant again tried to establish a basis for cross-
examining King-Fichera on her alleged mental health issues. At a bench
conference, defense counsel told the court that King-Fichera "has, at one point
in the past, been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. She was also prescribed
lithium." Defense counsel also stated that "we have evidence ... from [King-
Fichera's| own writings that [she believes] she has shawmanistic [sic| powers
and gifts .... She believes in UFOs. She had written a letter to Grafton
8

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 416, "chars": 2952, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
County Superior Court... telling the judge there that a spirit told her not to go
to court." The trial court did not reconsider its prior ruling prohibiting defense
counsel from cross-examining King-Fichera about these matters.
On appeal, the defendant argues that "two factors in combination
establish that the trial court erred in barring the proffered cross-examination."
He first argues that "the prosecution's case depended substantially on [King-
Fichera's] credibility, and the defense disputed the truth of much of her
testimony" and that "It]he importance and contested nature of [her] testimony
thus tended to support the admission of the proffered cross-examination."
Second, he argues that "the proffered cross-examination related directly to
credibility by showing that [King-Fichera] currently held delusional beliefs
about herself, other people, and the other matters identified in the proffer." In
sum, he argues, "A jury could reasonably conclude that a witness who
presently holds delusional beliefs about important matters in the witness's life
may not have the ability accurately to perceive the important matters at issue
at the trial."
The State makes three arguments in response. First, it argues that the
trial court properly prohibited the defendant from cross-examining King-
Fichera about her alleged bipolar condition because "the defendant offered no
evidence that King-Fichera suffered from a mental illness at the time of the
incident that would have affected her ability to perceive and recount events."
Second, the State argues that the trial court properly prohibited cross-
examination into King-Fichera's allegedly "delusional" beliefs because "the
defendant offered no evidence that, on the date in question, these beliefs
affected her ability to perceive and recount events." Finally, the State argues
that "It)he trial court properly barred cross-examination into King-Fichera's
mental health and various beliefs because they were not relevant to her
credibility as a witness."
The right to cross-examine adverse witnesses in criminal cases is
fundamental. State v. Etienne, 146 N.H. 115, 117 (2001). This right is
guaranteed by the Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution, see
Douglas v. Alabama, 380 U.S. 415, 418 (1965), and by Part 1, Article 15 of the
New Hampshire Constitution, see Etienne, 146 N.H. at 117. Consistent with
State v. Ball, 124 N.H. 226, 232 (1983), we first consider the defendant's
arguments under Part 1, Article 15 of the State Constitution. We refer to cases
decided under the Sixth Amendment only to aid our State constitutional analysis.
Ball, 124 N.H. at 233.
"Although the latitude permitted on cross-examination is within the
discretion of the trial court, and the broad discretion of the trial court to fix the
limits of cross-examination applies to attacks upon [a witness's] credibility as
well as other proper subjects of cross-examination, the trial court may not
9

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 351, "chars": 2740, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
completely deny a defendant the right to cross-examine a witness on a proper
matter of inquiry." State v. Ramos, 121 N.H. 863, 866-67 (1981) (citations
omitted), abrogated on other grounds by State v. Graf, 143 N.H. 294, 298 (1999).
"Once a defendant has been permitted a threshold level of inquiry, however, the
constitutional standard is satisfied, and the judge's limitation of cross-
examination thereafter is measured against an unsustainable exercise of
discretion standard." State v. Flynn, 151 N.H. 378, 388 (2004).
We have not before addressed to what extent a defendant may use cross-
examination into a witness's alleged mental instability to impeach her
credibility. The overwhelming majority of courts that have addressed this
question have adopted the rule that "a defendant has the right to attempt to
challenge |a witness's] credibility with competent or relevant evidence of any
mental defect or treatment at a time probatively related to the time period
about which he was attempting to testify." United States v. Jimenez, 256 F.3d
330, 343 (5th Cir. 2001) (quotation omitted), cert. denied, 534 U.S. 1140
(2002); see also United States v. Butt, 955 F.2d 77, 82 (1st Cir. 1992);
Annotation, Cross-examination of Witness as to His Mental State or Condition,
to Impeach Competency or Credibility (hereinafter "Mental State or Condition"),
44 A.L.R.3d 1203, 1210-11 (1972 & Supp. 2005). The reason for this rule is
that:
[T]he jury should, within reason, be informed of all matters
affecting a witness's credibility to aid in their determination of the
truth. It is just as reasonable that a jury be informed of a
witness's mental incapacity at a time about which he proposes to
testify as it would be for the jury to know that he then suffered an
impairment of sight or hearing.
Greene v. Wainwright, 634 F.2d 272, 276 (5th Cir. 1981) (quotation and
ellipsis omitted).
However, while a defendant is entitled to cross-examine a witness about
her psychiatric history in order to impeach her credibility, this "does not mean
that the basis for impeachment can be suggestion or innuendo with no
evidentiary foundation." United States v. Rivera-Santiago, 872 F.2d 1073,
1085 (1st Cir. 1989). The trial court may prohibit cross-examination if the
defendant is unable to show that the mental impairment affects the witness's
perception of events to which she is testifying. See Mental State or Condition,
44 A.L.R.3d at 1226; see also Velasquez v. United States, 801 A.2d 72, 80-81
(D.C. 2002), cert. denied, 537 U.S. 963 (2002); Polson v. State, 207 N.E.2d 638,
640 (Ind. 1965).
To be relevant, the cross-examination must evidence an "impairment" of
the witness's "ability to comprehend, know, and correctly relate the truth."
10

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2517, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Jimenez, 256 F.3d at 343 (quotation omitted). "No rule outlines with precision
the severity and timing that make a witness's mental illness relevant for
impeachment purposes. ... [T]he general principle [is| that a diagnosis of
schizophrenia or a psychosis will be relevant, unless the diagnosis is too
remote in time from the events alleged in the indictment." Id. "For witnesses
whose mental history is less severe, [trial| courts are permitted greater latitude
in excluding records and limiting cross-examination." Id. at 344.
The reasoning in Jimenez is consistent with language of the First Circuit:
For over forty years, federal courts have permitted the
impeachment of government witnesses based on their mental
condition at the time of the events testified to. Evidence about a
prior condition of mental instability that provides some significant
help to the jury in its efforts to evaluate the witness's ability to
perceive or to recall events or to testify accurately is relevant . ...
Despite this precedent, we are aware of no court to have
found relevant an informally diagnosed depression or personality
defect. Rather, federal courts appear to have found mental
instability relevant to credibility only where, during the time-frame
of the events testified to, the witness exhibited a pronounced
disposition to lie or hallucinate, or suffered from a severe illness,
such as schizophrenia, that dramatically impaired her ability to
perceive and tell the truth.
Butt, 955 F.2d at 82-83 (quotation and citations omitted).
In this case, the defendant's offer of proof that King-Fichera was mentally
ill consisted of an alleged diagnosis of bipolar disorder and prescription for
lithium made "at one point in the past," and over 300 pages of documentation
allegedly showing that King-Fichera had "delusional" beliefs. Nothing in the
record suggested that King-Fichera suffered from a severe mental illness, such
as schizophrenia or another psychosis.
The defendant argued at trial that King-Fichera's bipolar disorder "goes
straight to credibility, and to her perception of reality," but offered no evidence
that this disorder caused her to lie or hallucinate or affected her perception of
the events to which she testified. Thus, the defendant did not demonstrate
that King-Fichera's alleged bipolar disorder was relevant for impeachment
purposes. The trial court had considerable discretion to prohibit cross-
examination into King-Fichera's alleged bipolar condition and its effect on her
credibility.
11

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 329, "chars": 2305, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
With respect to King-Fichera's alleged beliefs, the defendant argued that
they too go "to her underlying credibility," specifically, to her "perception of
reality and her ability to recount events." However, his offer of proof did not
allege that King-Fichera's unusual beliefs were symptoms of a mental illness
that caused her to lie or hallucinate or dramatically impaired her ability to
perceive and tell the truth. Cf. id. As with the alleged bipolar disorder, the
defendant did not demonstrate that these beliefs were relevant for
impeachment purposes. Accordingly, the trial court had the discretion to bar
cross-examination into King-Fichera's alleged beliefs and did not err in its
ruling.
As the Federal Constitution offers the defendant no greater protection
than does our State Constitution under these circumstances, see Flynn, 151
N.H. at 389; Jimenez, 256 F.3d at 342-44, we reach the same result under the
Federal Constitution as we do under the State Constitution.
III.
Conclusion
We conclude that the trial court engaged in an unsustainable exercise of
discretion by striking the defendant's insanity defense before trial, although it
did not err in restricting the defendant's cross-examination of King-Fichera
about her alleged bipolar disorder and abnormal beliefs. Accordingly, we
reverse and remand for proceedings consistent with this opinion.
Reversed and remanded.
BRODERICK, C.J., and HICKS, J., concurred; DALIANIS, J., with whom
GALWAY, J., joined; dissented.
exercised its disre. dis intriki Because Because1 danese that the drienseurt properly
respectfully dissent.
I agree with the majority's reaffirmation of the rule permitting defendants
to establish an insanity defense using lay witness testimony. However, I
disagree with the majority's conclusion that the defendant's notice of
affirmative defense was sufficient to allow an insanity defense at trial. Superior
Court Rule 101, which the parties agree applies to this case, requires that
defendants intending to claim a defense specified in the Criminal Code file
notice of such intention "setting forth the grounds therefor." In New
Hampshire, the affirmative defense of insanity requires proof, by clear and
convincing evidence, that a defendant is insane at the time he or she acts. See
RSA 628:2, I, II (1996).
12

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 362, "chars": 2492, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The majority finds support for its conclusion in State v. Champagne, 152
N.H. 423 (2005). In Champagne, the defendant gave notice, pursuant to Rule
101, of his intent to raise the affirmative defense of renunciation. Id. at 427.
The affirmative defense of renunciation requires that a defendant "voluntarily
renouncle| his criminal purpose by abandoning his effort to commit the crime
... under circumstances manifesting a complete withdrawal of his criminal
purpose." RSA 629:1, III(a) (Supp. 2005). In his notice of affirmative defense,
the defendant in Champagne explicitly referenced evidence that would allegedly
demonstrate his voluntary withdrawal from and renunciation of the crime
underlying the charged offense. Champagne, 152 N.H. at 429. We held,
accordingly, that the notice met Rule 101's requirement that a notice of
affirmative defense "set| | forth the grounds therefor." Id.
In the instant case, the defendant's "Notice of Defense of Insanity" merely
announced his intention to "assert the defense of insanity" at trial. The notice
plainly falls short of Rule 101's requirement that a notice of affirmative defense
"set| | forth the grounds therefor," and I believe that this in itself justifies the
striking of the insanity defense. Nevertheless, the trial court held a hearing on
the State's motion to strike the defendant's insanity defense, at which the
defendant merely proffered evidence showing that he had been diagnosed with
depression and PTSD. He proffered no evidence tending to demonstrate that
those conditions were in any way related to his actions on October 28, 2003.
It is not enough to merely show that, at some time in the past, a
defendant was diagnosed with a disorder that may or may not have influenced
the actions for which the defendant is being tried. The "grounds" upon which
an insanity defense may be based require not only that a defendant be insane,
but also that he or she be insane at the time that he or she commits the
underlying offense. See RSA 628:2, I. For this reason, the defendant's proffer
was insufficient for the purposes of Rule 101, and I would, accordingly, affirm
the trial court's decision to strike the defendant's insanity defense.
Thus, while I agree with the majority that the trial court correctly barred
the defendant from cross-examining King-Fichera, I respectfully dissent from
the majority's conclusion that the trial court erred by striking the defendant's
insanity defense.
GALWAY, J., joins in the dissent.
13
