{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T15:22:00Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1589106, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/crew-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "91b0e73c97ead9ef0254b84896b16f9c30edc901b0a644626b7d8f0522f2df5f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2377, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LAUNCH
AMERICA
National Aeronautics and
Space Administration
NASA
NASA'S COMMERCIAL CREW PROGRAM
MISSION OVERVIEW
KIMBROUGH
NASA's SpaceX
Crew-2
NASA's SpaceX Crew-2 mission is the second crew
rotation flight with astronauts on the Crew Dragon
spacecraft and the first launch with two international
partners as part of the agency's Commercial Crew
Program.
Crew-2 will carry astronauts Shane Kimbrough
and Megan McArthur of NASA, Akihiko Hoshide of
JAXA (Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency), and ESA
(European Space Agency) astronaut Thomas Pesquet
aboard a Crew Dragon spacecraft launching atop a
Falcon 9 rocket on its way to the space station.
The crew is scheduled for a long-duration stay aboard
the orbiting laboratory, spending several months
conducting science and maintenance before the four
astronauts return to Earth in fall 2021.
NASA
LAUNCH VEHICLE
SpaceX Falcon 9
HEIGHT: 229.6 ft
DIAMETER: 12 ft
PROPELLENT: LOX (liquid oxygen)
and rocket grade kerosene (RP-1)
PROPULSION: 9 Spacex Merlin
engines - 190,000 Ibf each
LAUNCH LOCATION: Launch
Complex 39A at NASA's Kennedy
Space Center in Florida
SPACECRAFT
SpaceX Crew Dragon
HEIGHT: 26.7 ft
DIAMETER: 13 ft
VOLUME: 328 ft3
CREW CAPACITY: Up to seven
RETURN: Splashdown-based
water return
SPACEX
Falcon 9 will launch Dragon from historic
Launch Complex 39A, accelerating to help
Dragon reach 17,500 mph to reach an
intercept course with the International Space
Station. The Falcon 9 that will be used to
launch this mission is the same booster that
launched NASA's Crew-1, marking the first
time a flight-proven booster will be used for a
crewed launch.
Once in orbit, the crew and SpaceX mission control will monitor a
series of automatic maneuvers that will guide Dragon and the Crew-2
astronauts to the International Space Station. After a predetermined
time in orbit driven by the launch date, Dragon will be in position to
rendezvous and dock with the station. The spacecraft is designed to
autonomously dock, with the ability for the Crew to take control and
pilot manually if necessary.
The Dragon being used in this flight will remain docked to the station
for approximately six months, the full-length of a long-duration Inter-
national Space Station expedition. It is the same Dragon astronauts
Douglas Hurley and Robert Behnken named Endeavour and flew to the
station for their historic Demo-2 mission.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2333, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MEET THE CREW-2 CREW
Shane Kimbrough
COMMANDER
Megan McArthur
PILOT
Thomas Pesquet
MISSION SPECIALIST
Akihiko Hoshide
MISSION SPECIALIST
•@esa
Hometown: Killeen, TX
Previous Missions: STS-126,
Expedition 49/50
Hometown: Born in
Honolulu, HI but considers
California her home state
Previous Missions: STS-125
Hometown: Rouen,
Normandy, France
Previous Missions:
Expeditions 50 and 51
Hometown: Setagaya,
Tokyo, Japan
Previous Missions: STS-124,
He stayed on board to be part
of Expedition 32/33
MORE CREW = MORE SCIENCE
After successfully docking, the astronauts of Crew-2 will be welcomed aboard station by the Expedition
65 crew, including the Crew-1 astronauts still onboard. The space station's crew size will again expand
to seven people, increasing the amount of crew time available for research. The Crew-2 astronauts will
spend their time aboard the International Space v conducting new and exciting scientific research in
areas such as medical technology, human health, and materials to benefit life on Earth.
Crew members will test the Butterfly IQ Ultrasound, a portable ultrasound device used in conjunction
with a mobile computing device in the space environment. They also will conduct a variety of tissue
engineering investigations, ranging from studies of bone, cardiovascular, muscle and liver health.
An experiment from retail store Target will study cotton growth in microgravity to help identify more
robust cotton varieties that require less water and pesticide use.
During their stay on the orbiting laboratory, astronauts of Crew-2 will see cargo spacecraft including the Northrop Grumman
Cygnus and the SpaceX cargo Dragon. They will conduct a series of spacewalks to install new solar arrays, increasing the
station's total available power from 160 kilowatts to up to 215 kilowatts.
LAUNCH
*
¡ AMERICA
*
BEHIND THE DESIGN
The determined expression of the Dragon in the Crew Dragon
Crew-2 mission patch reflects the strength of the team and their
contribution to the exploration of space
The five large stars represents the five partner space agencies
cooperating in the International Space Station Program - the
Canadian Space Agency, the European Space Agency, the Japan
Aerospace Exploration Agency, the National Aeronautics and
Space Administration and Roscosmos.
KIMBROUGH
www.nasa.gov
SP-2021-03-170-KSC
