{"created_utc": "2026-10-08T14:49:22Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 24126093, "source_ctime_ns": 1788302902223408298, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/defe-24-2448-1.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785544125000000000, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/defe-24-2448-1.pdf", "source_sha256": "b073ddb03b175d70533d3e45f8a64b21385e9933b4c497826365c30bec840306"}

e         \-\. O’- : )
     Registered File Disposal Form
      FILE TITLE:(Main Heading - Secondary Heading - Tertiary Heading etc)
                                 .-        \k:t~b
                                    C>-i \O~\
                                               \


                                                  <_ -
                                                          0- -6
      PROTECTIVE MARKING (including caveats & descriptors):  "--’,
                                               ,-^~c..:...~,1.,-          {         "
                                                                                                         ~ o-=\-. 10-6
                                                                                                              ~. I
                                                                                                                           Reference:
                                                                                                                           (Prefix and Number):
                                                                                                                          J)ll}1’:)\ 64-1
                                                                                                                           Part:
                                                                                                                                                           ~     MOD Form 262F
                                                                                                                                                                  (Revised 9/01)


      Date of last enclosure:

      PART 1. DISPOSAL SCHEDULE RECOMMENDATION
                                                        II                                   Date closed:
                                                                                                                  CC7\         \
                                                                                                         FOR DEFENCE INFO{EXP)-R USE ONLY
              (To be completed when the file is closed)
                                                                      v                                                                     I r--~------
                Destroy after
                                                          D
                                                          years
                                                                                   Date of 1 st review
                                                                                                            Ii       Date of 2nd review
                                                                                                                                            I I
                                                                                                                                                  Forward Destruction Date
                Forward to INFO(EXP)-R after       _years D
                                                                              Reviewer’s                                       Reviewer’s
                No recommendation
                                                          D                                                                   Signature:

     PART 2. BRANCH REVIEW
             (To be fully completed at time of file closure)
             (Delete as appropriate)                                                                                                                                         v
             a. Of no further administrative value and not worthy of permanent preservation. DESTROY IMMEDIATELY (Rememberthat TOP SECRET
             and Codeword material cannot be destroyed locally and must be forwarded to INFO(EXP)-R.
                b.   (i)   To be retained until the end of the year                for the following reason(s):
                                                                                                                           ’/’__-.
                                                                                                                           \ /"’C::::;::   ~\~~\."
                                                                                                                                            --:x~~\6\
                                                                                                                                                   \
                                                                                                                                                   .
                                                                                                                                                            ..
                                                                                                                                                                 .
                                                                                                                                                                     .....


                                                    D
                                                      v                                                                      v
                                                                                                                           r-’        9
                                                                                                                          [d- ’
                LEGAL                                                          DEFENCE POLICY + OPERATIONS
                                                                                                                           U
               CONTRACTUAL
                                                    D                          ORIGINAL COMMITTEE PAPERS
                                                                                                                           D
               FINANCE/AUDIT
                                                    D                          MAJOR EQUIPMENT PROJECT
                                                                                                                           D
               DIRECTORATE POLICY
                                                    D                          OTHER (Specify)

    PPQ = 100
                                                                                                                                                        (Continued over/eal)
e
    FILE NOTE:
    Papers released in response to this request (17-06-2008-115008-002)are available to
    view on the website of The National Archives (TNA)under TNA catalogue reference DEFE
    24/1948/1
.   Ref: Bentwaters Incident, 1980
    Ministry ofDefence
    Main Building Whitehall London SWLA
    Telephone (DirectDialling) 01-218-XXXX
    (Switchboard)01-218-9000

    Dear XXX,

    As you know, OSI has completed a report on the landing of a craft of unknown origin
    crewed by several entities near RAF Bentwaters on the night of the December 29/30
    1980.

    Interestingly, OSI reports that the entities were approximately 1 Y2 meters tall, wearing
    what appeared to be nylon coated pressure suits, but no helmets. Conditions on the night
    were misty, giving the appearance that the entities were hovering above ground  level.
    Tape recordings were made on which the entities are heard to speak in an electronically
    synthesised version ofEnglish, with a strong American accent. Similar transmissions
    intercepted irregularly by ISA (?)since 1973 (see attachment - Flag 1).

    According to OSI, entities had claw-like hands and with three fmgers and an opposable
    thumb.

    Despite original reports (Flags 3 - 0), OSI said the craft was not damaged but landed
    deliberately as part of a series of visits to SAC bases in USA and Europe. Reports that
    craft was repaired by US serviceman or was taken on to the base are not confirmed by
    OS!.
    Landing is not considered a defence issue in view ofthe overt peaceful nature ofthe
    contact, but investigations by XXX are to be continued on XXX authority. Precautionary
    plans for counter-information at a local level involving XXX and a XXX XXX XXX is
    strongly recommended.

    Sincerely
    XXX
                                                                                                 Page 2 of4


_epartment        that wrote the letter and any documents written by the author ofthe document
     that refer to the incident including those written to other departments.


     The Ministry ofDefence (MoD)holds a file with documentation surrounding an alleged
     incident at RAF Bentwaters, which has become known as the Rendlesham Incident. The
     document you provided is not contained on that file. I assume since you already have copy of
     the document, you are seeking to confirm that it is genuine and I think it only fair to state
     that I believe it to be a rather poor "fake". It rather follows that we do not hold the tape ofthe
     aliens talking either. We cannot identify who wrote the letter as the name has been blanked
     out and therefore cannot identify any other documentation the individual allegedly wrote.


     The Rendlesham Incident has aroused consistent interest from members ofthe public
     interested in UFO matters. Most of this information is in the form ofletters asking for
     information which are stored on paper correspondence files (amongstothers) in the date
     order they are received and not on the single file the MoD has on the subject. Answering
     your request fully would involve checking some 100 files, the cost ofwhich would exceed
     the f600 limit set for compliance with the Freedom ofInformation Act and, as provided by
     Section 12 ofthe Act, the MoD is not obliged to comply with your request.


     However, if you would like a copy ofthe MoD file on this matter please let me know. As the
     file is quite lengthy, we would prefer to provide it on a CD rather than print out a hard copy,
     although you are entitled to a hard copy if you wish.


     You may be interested to know that UFO files for 1967 to 1987, and any files prior to 1967
     which have survived, are now available for examination at The National Archives, Ruskin
     Avenue, Kew,Richmond, Surrey, TW9 4DU,Telephone: 0208 8763444. Details ofhow to
     access these records and The National Archives on line catalogue can be found on their
     web site at www.nationalarchives.gov.uk.


     If you .are unhappy with this response or you wish to complain about any aspect of the
     handling of this request, then you should contact me in the first instance. If informal
     resolution is not possible and you are still dissatisfied then you may apply for an independent
     internal review by contacting the Director ofInformation Exploitation, 6th Floor, MOD Main
     Building, Whitehall SWlA 2HB (e-mailll1fQXD@mQd.uk).Please note that any request for
 .
     an internal review must be made within 40 working days of the date on which the attempt to
     reach informal resolution has come to an end.
     If you remain unhappy following an internal review, you may wish to take your complaint to
     the Information Commissioner under the provisions 50 of the Freedom of Information           Act.
     Please note that the Information Commissioner will not investigate the case until the internal
     review process has been completed. Further details of the role and powers of the Information
     Commissioner can be found on the Commissioner’s website,
     http://www .informationcommissioner.gov.uk.


 08/07/2008
e   http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk.
    Finally, reports for the current year will be placed on the website in January 2009. Therefore, as
    provided by exemption s.22 (information intended for future publication) of the Freedom of
    Information Act 2000,the MOD is not obliged to comply with this part ofyour request.

    I hope this is helpful. If you are unhappy with this response or you wish to complain about any
    aspect of the handling of this request, then you should contact me in the first instance. If informal
    resolution is not possible and you are still dissatisfied then you may apply for an independent
    internal review by contacting the Director of Information Exploitation, 6th Floor, MOD Main
    Building, Whitehall SWIA 2HB (e-mail InfoXD@mod.uk). Please note that any request for an
    internal review must be made within 40 days of the date on which the attempt to reach informal
    resolution has come to an end.

    If you remain unhappy following an internal review, you may wish to take your complaint to the
    Information Commissioner under the provisions of Section 50 of the Freedom of Information       Act.
    Please note that the Information Commissioner will not investigate your case until the internal
    review process has been completed. Further details of the role and powers of the Information
    Commissioner can be found on the Commissioner’s website,
    http://www.informationcommissioner.gov.uk.
                                          Yours sincerely
e
    FILE NOTE:
    Papers released in response to this request (19-05-2008-093903-001)are available to
    view on the website of The National Archives (TNA)under TNA catalogue reference DEFE
    24/2086/1
e
    Which three sites in Gloucestershire have had the most reports of UFOs
    since records began.


    Please include copies of material which you hold in the form of paper
    and electronic records

    including emails.


    I would be grateful if you would supply this information in the form of
    email or post.


    If I can help to clarify this request please contact me using the
    details below.


    I look forward to hearing from you promptly, as required by the
    legislation, and in any case

    within 20 working days.

    -----------------------------------------------------------------------
_nternal   review by contacting the Director of Information Exploitation, 6th Floor, MOD Main
  Building, Whitehall SWIA 2HB (e-mail InfoXD@mod.uk). Please note that any request for an
  internal review must be made within 40 working days of the date on which the attempt to reach
  informal resolution has come to an end.

  If you remain unhappy following an internal review, you may wish to take your complaint to the
  Information Commissioner under the provisions 50 of the Freedom of Information    Act.  Please
  note that the Information Commissioner will not investigate the case until the internal review
  process has been completed. Further details of the role and powers of the Information
  Commissioner can be found on the Commissioner’s website,
  http://www .informationcommissioner.gov.uk.
                                     Yours sincerely
e   internal review must be made within 40 working days of the date on which the attempt to reach
    informal resolution has come to an end.

    If you remain unhappy following an internal review, you may wish to take your complaint to the
    Information Commissioner under the provisions 50 of the Freedom of Information    Act.  Please
    note that the Information Commissioner will not investigate the case until the internal review
    process has been completed. Further details of the role and powers of the Information
    Commissioner can be found on the Commissioner’s website,
    httJ)://www.informationcommissioner.gov.uk.

                                       Yours sincerely
-   u.s. It took off in the blink of an eye without making a sound or
    creating any air disturbance.
    that level of technology.
                                    Now please tell me what you think of


    Some UFOs are of ’ET’ origin. You know this. I hope you make the
    correct decision and disclose this information soon before they make
    themselves known in a big way. It will be a lot easier to deal with if
    the public knows about their existence before that happens.


    *My request if for copies all documents which contents mention and/or
    deal with the December 1980 UFO sightings near Bentwaters RAFB and
    Rendlesham Forest. I hope you send me the real deal. I know there’s
    more to this event then what you’ve released thus far to the public.
    Please let me be the first one to get the truth. I promise I will take
    good care of the information and release it on good terms. I have been
    researching the UFO phenomena for several years. I mean well and I
    mean that for us all.

    I look forward to your prompt response.

    Thank you very much!   :)
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------
titresolution
   internal review must be made within 40 days of the date on which the attempt to reach informal
              has come to an end.

    If you remain unhappy following an internal review, you may take your complaint to the
    Information Commissioner under the provisions of Section 50 of the Freedom of InformationAct.
    Please note that the Information Commissioner will not investigate the case until the internal
    review process has been completed. Further details of the role and powers of the Information
    Commissioner can be found on the Commissioner’s web site,
    http://www .informationcommissioner.gov. uk.
                                       Yours sincerely
t’


     .you    remain unhappy following an internal review, you may wish to take your complaint to the
        formation Commissioner under the provisions 50 of the Freedom of Information
      note that the Information Commissioner will not investigate your case  until the
                                                                                           Act.
                                                                                       internal
                                                                                                 Please
                                                                                                process
      has been completed. Further details of the role and powers of the Information Commissioner can
      be found on the Commissioner’s website, http://www.informationcommissioner.gov.uk.


      Yours sincerely,
ainally, you may wish to be aware that the MOD already has a great deal of information about
~FOs     which is available for public viewing. MOD files were routinely destroyed after five years
  until 1967 when they were generally preserved for The National Archives. A few have survived
   before 1967 and these together with records up to 1986 are now available for public viewing. The
   National Archives can be contacted at Ruskin Avenue, Richmond, Kew, Surrey TW9 4DU or
   telephone, 020 8876 3444. The National Archives also have a website giving information about
   the re ords they hold and how to access them. This can be found on the internet at:
   http://www. nationalarchives.gov .uk.
   I hope this is helpful. If you are unhappy with this response or you wish to complain about any
   aspect of the handling of this request, then you should contact me in the first instance. If informal
   resolution is not possible and you are still dissatisfied then you may apply for an internal review
   by contacting the Director of Information Exploitation, 6th Floor, MOD Main Building, Whitehall
    SWIA 2HB (e-mail InfoXD@mod.uk). Please note that any request for an internal review must be
   made within 40 days of the date on which the attempt to reach informal resolution has come to an
   end.

   If you remain unhappy following an internal review, you may wish to take your complaint to the
   Information Commissioner under the provisions 50 of the Freedom of Information           Act.
                                                                                          Please
   note that the,Information Commissioner will not investigate the case until the internal review
   process has been completed. Further details of the role and powers of the Information
   Commissioner can be found on the Commissioner’s web site,
   http://www .informationcommissioner.gov.     uk.
                                           Yours sincerely
