{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T02:28:03Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 11336839, "source_ctime_ns": 1788302892864698732, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/defe-24-2087-1.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785544174880000000, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/defe-24-2087-1.pdf", "source_sha256": "5d18be83dcb289bad65119a4a88dbcddedc2e84e9b042e8e88659037d3508cdf"}

..   Registered File Disposal Form

                                 \-~\,~             f)l~):I~\\
      FILE TITLE: (Main Heading - Secondary Heading - Tertiary Heading ete)
         /’" - (),’
       UID-::J
                                           ~~cl-e;j
                                    1-:2-\ II c52.k:Lb- 6
      PROTECTIVE MARKING (including caveats & descriptors)

      Date of last enclosure:
                                   c52\
      PART 1. DISPOSAL SCHEDULE RECOMMEND JION
                                                          I
                                                                                         Date closed:
                                                                                                                     Reference:


                                                                                                                     Part:


                                                                                                                             IC:{$
                                                                                                                                  P

                                                                                                      FOR DEFENCE INFO(EXP)-R USE ONLY
                                                                                                                                                         MOD Form 262F
                                                                                                                                                          (Revised 9/01)


                 (To be completed when the file i      ed)
                                                                       v
                                                                                                        II                            I                          ::J
                                                                       D

                                                                                                                 Q-~~
                 Destroy after                                 years                                                                      I

                 F.   ard to INFO(EXP)-R after _           _years
                                                                       D
                                                                                Date of 1 s1 review             Date of 2nd review            Forward Destruction Date


..
                                                                           Reviewer’s                                   Reviewer’s
                 No recommendation


      PART 2. BRANCH REVIEW
              (To be fully completed at lime of file closure)
              (Detete as appropriate)
              8.
                                                                       D
                                                                           Q~~~\-                                       Signature:


                   Of no further administrative value and not worthy of permanent preservation. DESTROY IMMEDIATELY (Rememberthat TOP SECRET
              and Codeword material cannot be destroyed locally and must be forwarded to INFO(EXP)-R.                                                             D
                                                                                                                                                                   v

                 b.   (i)   To be retained until the end of the year             for the following reason(s):

                                                       v


                                                      ~
                                                                                                                        v
                 LEGAL
                                                      C                      DEFENCE POLICY + OPERATIONS
                                                                                                                       LJ
                CONTRACTUAL
                                                      L    I                 ORIGINAL COMMITTEE PAPERS
                                                                                                                       D
                FINANCE/AUDIT                                                MAJOR EQUIPMENT PROJECT
                                                                                                                       D
                 DIRECTORATE POLICY                                          OTHER (Specify)
                                                                                                                       LJ
     PPQ = 100                                                                                                                                        (Continued overleaf)
r                                                                                                            Page 2 00

    aror alien
          the MoD documents about a particular UFO incident (rumours abound of crashed UFOs, Top Secret bases
               remains). Not surprisingly, the majority are now logged as FOI requests and dealt with accordingly.
      TOs and MCs are not very frequent but do turn up from time to time. A PQ is an extremely rare beast. I do not
      recall answering any in the past two years.
       FOI Reauests
      I expect to receive at least 100 FOI requests a year on the subject of UFOs. By taking the decision to place
      details of sightings on the website and later by proactively placing the UFO files in The National Archives, we
       have been able to reduce the time spent answering requests since much of the information is already in the
       public domain and people can simply be directed there.
       UFO FilE!S
      In late 2007 Ministerial approval was given for DAS and DIS to place their closed UFO files in The National
      Archives. The files are prepared for release in accordance with the principles of the FOI Act. The UFO Desk
      has transferred some 24 DAS files to date and on only one occasion (a misfiled document) has it been
      necessary to use a redaction other than   s.40.   The files are released in roughly chronological order, which is
      administratively easier and allows the "story" of the MoD’s involvement with UFOs to be rolled out in a logical
      sequence. There are some 60 plus files due for transfer to The National Archives in 2009 and another 70 plus
      in 2010. As the files are rolled out, the public is getting a better feel for what our interest in UFOs actually is,
      rather relying on more lurid claims, but this does not, and probably never will, stop rumours of secret
      research, mysterious organisations or, I was delighted to see,that the files we are releasing are not the "real"
      files.
      Redaction of these files is a YE!ry time consuming task, but it is made considerably simpler (and tidier) by the
      use of redaction software. It is my role to redact files myself, and also to act as quality control on for files
      redacted by my staff or indeed DIS. Once I am satisfied the files are in a fit state and have been reacted
      appropriately, I then pass them to Info CMem for double checking and for them to take on the task of formally
      transferring the files. As stated above, the transfer of the UFO files to The National Archives is already making
      the task of answering FOI requests much easier.
       Ufology and Ufologists
      Ufology is a widely accepted term to describe the study of the UFO phenomena. Those that study ufology are
      often known as ufolgists. Ufology is a broad term that covers a spectrum of opinion that ranges from those
      that are convinced the earth has been visited by extra terrestrials and that the MoD is covering up the fact,
      through those that are simply interested in the subject but not certain what to beiieve, to total sceptics. The
      subject also attracts attention from individuals who are interested in it as a social phenomenon and carry out
      research from the perspective of urban myths and beliefs.
      Ufology is therefore not uniform in its views and this can give rise to strong passions. The MoD tries to keep
      clear of any affiliation to any particular lobby or individual, since proactive engagement with UFO groups could
      simply serve to perpetuate the suspicion that the MoD has a deeper interest in the subject than it actually has.
      Whilst we are perfectly willing to provide factual information if requested, we try to steer clear of any statement
      that could be considered as either supporting or criticising any particular individual, theory, book or magazine
      articie. There is a considerable industry surrounding UFOs and the MoD does not want to be drawn into
      allegations of favouritism or bias which might affect a particular individuals sales in either direction. In
      particular we do not wish to be drawn into arguments between individuals, which can be quite vitriolic and
      about which there is no defence interest.
      !J.EQ.Bj1J!E!i!,r:l:ums:L!.1f’J:L~~~rts
      The MoD is not involved in scientific research into extraterrestrial life. We do not have any experts in UFOs
      (by which most people that contact us really mean alien spaceships). The closest we have to the post of "UFO
      Expert" is probably my own, but this has always been a generalist, non-technical, post with the emphasis on
      correspondence with the public. The MoD does, of course, have experts in a great many subjects from
      weather, to radar, to missiles and the UFO desk can, if it sees fit, ask their advice.
      Pre.ssll’)\.ere.~t
      Press interest tends to be spasmatic, but is usually at its height in thequie\.
                                                                                  summer months or when The
      National Archives issue a press release about the latest UFO additions to their collection.
      Finally, and somewhat ironically, given the assumed pervasive dark roie of the MoD, Whilst I have naturally


       02/12/2008
                                                                                                     Page 2 of2

         and then delete the e-mail (and file(s) if attached) from your system. Recipients should note that e-
~ail
&nder
      traffic on MOD systems is subject to monitoring, recording and auditing to secure the effective operation
 of the system and for other lawful purposes. The MOD has taken steps to keep this e-mail and any
 attachments free from viruses. However it accepts no liability for any loss or damage howsoever caused as a
 result of any virus being passed on. It is the responsibility of the recipient to perform all necessary checks.

 The statements expressed in this e-mail are personal and do not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of
 the department.


 06/11/2008
.   D News Policy
    12 May 2008
    APS/USofS
                                                                                      SC1


    Copy to:
    APS/SofS                    PS/CDI
    APs/MinDES                  MAlDCDI
    APS/MinAF                   DG Info
    PS/PUS                      DAS
    PS/CAS                      D News (RAF)
    PSO/ACAS                    DNews/PS
    Special Advisors            D News Pol 2
                                S01 Air & Ops Dev

    RELEASE OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (UFO)AND
    UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL PHENOMENA lUAP)FILES
    Ref: 20070918 U MINSUB UFO FILES 18 Sep 2007
    Issue
    1.  Proactive transfer to The National Archives (TNA)of MOD files related to
    UFOs and UAPs.
    Recommendation
    2.   That the Minister:
         a.     agrees the media handling arrangements for the publication of the
         first 8 of some 160 UFO and UAP files held by DAS and DIS on The
         National Archives website on 14 May 2008;
         b.    agrees the press release and newsbrief at Annex A and B.
    Timina
    3.   Routine. The first batch of files is released on 14 May 2008.
    Backaround
    4. Since the end of WW2, MOD has been tasked with recording and, from
    time to time, investigating reported UFO sightings. Contrary to what many
    members of the public may believe, MOD has no interest in the subject of
    extraterrestrial life forms visiting the UK, only in ensuring the integrity and
    security of UK airspace.
.   ANNEX A
    xx/2008                                                        14 May 2008


                         Ministry of Defence releases X-files

    The first in a series of UFO files, dating back to the 1970s, have been
    released on The National Archives’ website today. The Ministry of Defence
    files include descriptions of alleged Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon or "UFO"
    sightings and subsequent MoD evaluations of the reports.

    Independent experts have concluded to date that there are realistic
    explanations behind alleged UFO reports, such as aircraft lights or natural
    phenomena. Reports are examined by the Ministry of Defence solely to
    establish whether UK airspace may have been compromised by hostile or
    unauthorised military activity. If required, sighting reports are examined with
    the assistance of the Department’s air defence experts. Unless there is
    evidence of a potential threat, no further work is undertaken to identify the
    nature of each sighting reported.

    The Ministry of Defence has no other interest or role regarding UFO matters.
    Nor does the Department consider questions regarding the existence or
    otherwise of extraterrestrial life-forms.

    The MoD receives a large number of requests each year for information
    relating to UFOs, so to meet demand a new system has been introduced to
    release these files in a structured way. The rest of the files are currently under
    review and will be added to The National Archives over the next three years.

    The MoD already releases information on sightings which is currently on the
    MoD website, through the FOI Disclosure Log. The Rendlesham file is already
    available on request.

    Notes to Editors
.   ANNEX B
    DEFENSIVE PRESS BRIEF
    BACKGROUND
    Following a written commitment by DIS (following an FOI request) to review
    its UFO and Unidentified Aerial Phenomena (UAP)files, both the DIS and
    DAS have now decided to release their UFO and UAP files to the general
    public.
    It is clear from the number of FOI requests the MoD receives for UFO
    information that many of the public are fascinated by the topic and the MoD
    has already released much information on the subject. The decision has been
    made to continue this release of information in a more structured manner.
    MOD INTEREST IN "UFO"SIGHTINGS
    The only role that the Ministry of Defence has with respect to ’UFO/flying
    saucer’ matters is to examine any reports of ’UFO’ sightings that it receives
    solely to establish whether there is any evidence that the UK’s airspace might
    have been compromised by hostile or unauthorised foreign military activity.
    The Ministry of Defence has no interest or role in questioning the existence or
    otherwise of extraterrestriallifeforms.
    The reports are examined, with the assistance of the Department’s air
    defence experts as required. Unless there is evidence of a potential threat to
    the United Kingdom from an external military source, and to date no "UFO"
    sighting has revealed such evidence, we do not attempt to identify the precise
    nature of each sighting reported to us. We believe that down to earth
    explanations could be found for these reports, such as aircraft lights or natural
    phenomena. It is not appropriate for defence resources to provide this kind of
    aerial identification service.
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    KEY MESSAGES

        . The MOD has decided to release its UFO and UAP files.
             Release of the first files will be on 14 May following review and
             redaction in accordance with the principles of the Freedom of
             Information Act.
             It will take about three years to release all the UFO and UAP files.
             They will be released in chronological order starting with the oldest.
, .


      .           This is another example of the MoD embracing the spirit of open
                  government.
               . The MoD does not carry out research into UFO matters.
               . The MoD only investigates UFO sightings to see if it believes there
                  may be airspace integrity issues.
               . We are open about this subject and the release of these files will prove
                  this.
          Q&A
          Q.      Why hasn’t the MoD released these files before?
          A.      The MoD has already placed a number of its UFO files from the 1970s
          in the National Archive in recent years but a large number remain to be
          released.
          Q.      What are you holding back?
          A.     The files will be released in accordance with the principles of the
          Freedom of Information   Act. It may be necessary to withhold some
          information under the usual FOI exemptions. In particular names and
          addresses of individuals who have reported sightings will be withheld to
          protect their privacy.
          Q.      How do you assess whether experts need to be involved in sightings?
          A.     A handful of sightings each year are considered as worthy of further
          investigation. This may be due to a large number of reports occurring on a
          particular day or an unusual pattern of activity or reports. Additionally the
          reports could come from witnesses such as police officers, pilots or air traffic
          controllers.
          Q.     What is the difference between documents/files from Intelligence Staff
          and Air Staff?
          A.     The majority of DIS documentslfiles will be duplicates of sighting
          reports found on the DAS files.
          Q.      Are you making money from the release of these files?
          A.      The MOD is making no money from the release of these files.
’-J’


       .   20070918 U MINSUB UFO FILES
           18 Sep 2007
           APS/USofS
           Copy to:
           APS/SofS                   PS/CDI
           APS/MinDES                 MAlDCDI
           APS/MinAF                  DG Info
           PS/PUS                     DAS
           PS/CAS                     D News (RAF)
           PSO/ACAS                   DNewslPS
           Special Advisors           D News Pol 2
                                      S01 Air & Ops Dev
           Throuah DAS AD (Secretariat)

           RELEASE OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (UFO)AND AERIAL
           PHENOMENA CUAP) FILES
           Issue
           1.   Proactive transfer to the National Archives of MOD files related to UFOs
           and UAPs.
           Recommendation
           2.   That the Minister:
                a. approves the transfer of UFO and UAP files held by DAS and DIS
                to the National Archives progressively over the next three years;
                b. agrees that a formal press announcement should be made at the
                time the first files are transferred, planned to be in Spring 2008 .
           Timina
           3.   Routine.
           Backaround
           4. Since the end of WW2, MOD has been tasked with recording and, from
           time to time, investigating UFO sightings. Contrary to what many members of
           the public may believe, MOD has no interest in the subject of extraterrestrial
           life forms visiting the UK, only in ensuring the integrity and security of UK
           airspace.
<,’


      .   5. DAS and DIS have some 160 files that deal with the subject of UFOs
          dating back to the 1970s. Of these, the majority contain correspondence with
          members of the public, with the next largest category being sighting reports.
          The remainder comprise PQ and Policy files and a small number of files that
          cover peripheral subjects. The majority of the information held on the 27 DIS
          files is likely to duplicate that held by DAS. DAS also holds a considerable
          number of files covering FOI requests and responses on the subject of UFOs
          which will also need to be released. In total over the course of the proposed
          three year programme, some 180 existing files will be released, with a further
          20 new files being created over the same period, also requiring release at a
          future date
          6.   The files held by DAS and DIS are of keen interest to a large worldwide
          group of amateur and professional "ufologists". As a result, MOD receives a
          large number of, often complex, FOI requests each year for information
          regarding UFOs (DASalone receiving 199 in 2005,140 in 2006 and 120 to
          date in 2007).
          7.    DIS has already made a written commitment to review its files for
          release in a response to an FOI request from an academic researcher. This,
          and the decision by the French National Centre for Space Studies to release
          their UFO files earlier this year, has increased the, already significant, press
          and internet speculation that we are about to release our own.
          Benefits from Dublication
          8.    In addition to the clear presentational benefits in meeting public demand
          and expectation, release of the files would also smooth the workload on DIS
          and DAS. The processing of FOI requests on the subject of UFOs is
          becoming increasingly costly and time consuming, especially if the
          Department’s responses are challenged. The piecemeal release of
          information also fuels unhelpful speculation from those who believe there are
          issues that MOD are trying to hide. It is expected that within relatively few
          years, FOI requests on the subject will require the MOD to release virtually all
          its UFO files and it is considered beneficial that the release be managed in a
          structured manner.
          9. It is not expected that the volume of requests about UFOs will
          significantly reduce (indeed,in the short term, press coverage and the early
          release of some of these files may lead to an increase). However, section 22
          of the FOI Act exempts from release information which public authorities have
          a "view to publication" at a future date. By making a clear commitment to
          publish these files, DAS and DIS can therefore stop responding reactively to
          requests as they are received and instead manage their effort in a more
          organised manner. Whilst the time scale over which we can claim exemption
          under s.22 has not yet been tested, it is believed that invoking the exemption
          on the basis that we will publish information sometime within the next three
          years would be outside the spirit of the Freedom of Information legislation
          and would therefore pose presentational difficulties. Instead it is considered
          that use of this exemption should be limited to those instances when it is
.   planned to release the relevant information within a 12 month period. This
    inevitably means that MOD will have to continue to release some material in
    response to FOI requests but the requirement to provide information will
    reduce as documents are placed in the public domain
    Mechanism of release
    10. In order to maximise the presentational benefit, it would be preferable to
    publish the files on the internet using the MOD publication scheme. However,
    some 40% of the information in the files is correspondence from the public.
    This material is subject to the Copyright Designs and Patents Act (CDPA)
    1988, which prohibits its publication on the internet. Publication of only the
    remainder of the information, not protected by copyright, would fuel
    accusations of a "cover-up" and undermine our presentational objectives.
    11 . It should be noted that the MoD has already placed two redacted files on
    the publication scheme together with a small number of non MoD documents.
    Although this move has been greeted with approval from ufologists, it may be
    never the less be necessary to remove them in order to comply with copyright
    obligations.
    12. The alternative proposed is to transfer the files to The National Archives
    (TNA). Transfer alone would not constitute ’publication’, however advice from
    the Ministry of Justice suggests that if the files were also made available
    online through The National Archives’ ’Documents Online’ facility, this would
    constitute publication as defined by section 22 of the FOI  Act. There is a
    specific exemption in the CDPA which provides for public records transferred
    to The National Archives to be copied, including in respect of material that
    might otherwise be copyright protected. This interpretation of the FOI Act is
    so far untested and it may be challenged through a request for an internal
    review and, assuming the challenge is not upheld, at an Information Tribunal
    13. Taking this approach, MOD could refuse specific requests under section
    22 of the FOI Act for information on files due to be transferred to TNA in the
    next 12 month period. This would assist in managing the release of files in a
    structured manner. It is unusual for files to be transferred to TNA so far in
    advance of the usual 30-year review    point.  However, it is assessed that the
    high level of public interest and lack of sensitive material in the files means
    that no precedent is set by their early release. Corporate Memory and TNA
    are content with our transfer plan. Although ’publication’ of the files to TNA
    does not provide the flexibility of using our own website, doing so still largely
    delivers the benefits set out above. However, it is important to note that
    unlike existing MoD practice, TNA will impose a charge of E3.50 to view or
    download each file, though members of the public would be able to visit the
    archives at Kew and view the files without charge.
    14. The majority of the files are of low security classification but include
    references to air defence matters, defence technology, relations with foreign
    powers and occasional uncomplimentary comments by staff or police officers
    about members of the public, which will need to be withheld in accordance
"-,’

       .   with FOI principles. In particular, the PO files will require considerable work
           before they can be transferred as they contain background notes for Ministers,
           but there is no reason, in principle, why they cannot be released and, indeed,
           a small number of background notes for POs have already been released
           under  FO!. The MoD is aware of no clear evidence to prove or disprove the
           existence of aliens and consequently the files are considerably less exciting
           than the "industry" surrounding the UFO phenomena would like to believe.

           Precaration for Transfer
           15. The most cost effective solution is to scan the files (-f:13K),and
           purchase specialised redaction software (f:3K). It is estimated that with
           current staffing levels, it will take approximately three years to complete, with
           the release conducted around the continuing normal duties of both branches
           and Corporate Memory. It is planned that files covering a complete year will
           be released on a rolling programme, in year order, with the oldest files being
           reviewed for release first. It is expected that on average, it will be possible to
           prepare for release a year’s files roughly every two months. DAS files up to
           and including 1984 have already been passed to TNA, which will mean that
           the first few files to be released will be from DIS, which holds files back to the
           1970s. Files will be transferred in chronological order with the aim of those
           covering 1979-92 being released in 2008,1992-2000 in 2009 and 2001
           onwards in 2010.
           16. Once a schedule of redactions has been prepared, it will need to be
           agreed by the Lord Chancellor’s Advisory Council on Public Records and
           Archives before the files can be transferred to The National Archives. The
           next meeting of the Advisory Council where this issue can be considered will
           be February 2008. There is no reason why the Advisory Council should not
           agree to any redactions proposed, but even after agreement is reached it will
           take The National Archives a short period of time to process the files
           transferred and make them available to the public. The first files should
           therefore be available to the public by spring next year.
           Presentation
           17. Press Office receive weekly calls from the media about UFOs - either
           reporting sightings or asking when if we are releasing papers. Subsequently,
           any announcement of a more general release of files is likely to attract a great
           deal of interest from the press aod general public. There is a risk that media
           will overplay the MOD’s involvement in these cases, therefore we will need to
           manage our message and be prepared to deal with a high level of media
           interest. There is also likely to be frustration that people who want to view files
           at the TNA will be charged.
           18. Press Office advice is that a Ministerial decision to release the files is not
           newsworthy in itself. It is therefore proposed that 0 News will draw up a
           handling plan, in liaison with TNA, closer to the time.
.   20070606 U MINSUB UFO FILES
    6 June 2007
    APS/USofS
    Copy to:
    APS/SofS                     PS/CDI
    APS/MinDES                   MA/DCDI
    APS/MinAF                    DG Info
    PS/PUS                       DAS
    PS/CAS                       D News (RAF)
    PSO/ACAS                     DNews/PS
    Special Advisors             D News Pol 2
                                 S01 Air & Ops Dev
    Throuah DAS AD (Secretariat)

         RELEASE OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (UFO)AND AERIAL
                         PHENOMENA fUAP)FILES
    Issue
    1.     Proactive release under the MoD’s Freedom of Information (FOI)
    Publication Scheme,of old MoD files related to UFOs and UAPs.
    Recommendation
    2.      That the Minister:
    (a)approves the release of UFO and UAP files held by DAS and DIS;
    (b)agrees that a formal press announcement should be made at the time the
    first files are placed on the MOD website, planned to be in September this
    year.
    Timing
    3.     Routine. Following a written commitment by DIS under FOI to review
    the release of its files, speculation on the internet about the content of the files
    has been rife and there have been several press articles on the topic. It is
    planned that the release will commence in September, on a three year rolling
    programme.
    Background
    4.    MoD involvement with recording UFO sightings continues to produce a
    steady stream of correspondence and Freedom of Information (FOI)requests.
.   It is likely that over a period of time, the majority of information held on our
    UFO files will be released in answer to FOI requests.
    5.     Since the end of WW2, the MoD has been tasked with recording and,
    from time to time, investigating UFO sightings. Contrary to what many
    members of the public may believe, the MoD has no interest in the subject of
    UFOs or extraterrestrial life forms visiting the
    the integrity and security of UK airspace.
                                                    UK.Rather, its interest lies in

    6.       DAS and DIS have some 160 files that deal with the subject of UFOs
    dating back to the 1970s. Of these, the majority contain correspondence with
    members of the public, with the next largest category being sighting reports.
    The remainder comprise PQ files, policy files and a small number of files that
    cover peripheral subjects. The majority of the information held on the 27 DIS
    files is likely to duplicate that held by DAS. DIS has already made a written
    commitment to review its files for release in a response to an FOI request
    from an academic researcher. DAS also holds a considerable number of FOI
    requests and responses covering the topic of UFOs, which will also need to
    be released.
    7.      Files held by DAS and DIS are of considerable interest to "ufologists", a
    large worldwide group which, at one end of the spectrum, consists of perfectly
    ordinary members of the general public, through to conspiracy theorists who
    are convinced that the UK government.s part of aworldwide plot to cover up
    the existence and presence of extra terrestrials. The level of general interest
    in the subject can perhaps be judged by a recent (if unscientific) internet
    search for the acronym UFO, which produced some 38 million "hits".
    8.      The MoD receives a large number of, often complex, FOI requests
    each year for information regarding UFOs (DASalone receiving 199 in 2005,
    140 in 2006 and 70 to date in 2007). The processing of these requests is
    becoming costly and time consuming, especially if the Department’s
    responses are challenged, and the piecemeal release of information fuels
    unhelpful speculation from those who believe there are issues the MoD are
    trying to hide. It is expected that within relatively few years, public interest in
    the subject will require the MoD to release virtually all its UFO files and it is
    considered beneficial that the release be managed in a structured manner.
    Given the uniqueness of the situation we do not believe that this poses any
    particular precedent to other collections of files.
    9.      Although it is not expected that the volume of requests about UFOs will
    significantly reduce (indeed in the short term it may increase), once files have
    been released to the public domain, the MoD will be able to deflect the
    majority of requests to the internet site and will have to spend much less time
    processing individual requests. Although there is a considerable volume of
    documentation to release, this should pose no difficulty for the MoD server,
    although any impression amongst the public we have released all our UFO
    files at once does run the risk of the system crashing if it receives too many
    hits at anyone time. This is a problem that the French faced when they
    released their files.
.   10. The majority of files are of low security classification but include
    references to air defence matters, defence technology, relations with foreign
    powers, (particularly the USA) and occasional uncomplimentary comments by
    staff or police officers about members of the public, some of which may need
    to be withheld from release following FOI guidelines. However, the files are
    considerably less exciting than the "industry" surrounding the UFO
    phenomena would like to believe.
    11. Unlike the French National Centre for Space Studies, who released
    their own UFO files earlier this year, it will be necessary for the MoD to redact
    names and addresses of individuals, including those of members of the public.
    It is proposed that the files are scanned in bulk and then redacted using
    commercially available software, which will considerably speed up the
    process. Scanning the DAS files is likely to cost in the region of E13K, whilst
    purchasing and operating the redacting software will cost a further E1 K. It is
    estimated that with current staffing levels, it will take approximately three
    years to complete, with the bulk of the task falling to DAS. Files covering a
    complete year will be released on a rolling programme, in year order, with the
    oldest files being reviewed for release first.   This approach will allow the
    release to be conducted around the continuing normal duties of both branches.
    It is expected that on average, it will be possible to release a years files
    roughly every two months. DAS files up to and including 1984 have already
    been passed to the National Archive, which will initially mean that the first few
    files to be released will be from DIS which holds files back to the 1970s. DIS
    expects to be able to release their first files, following review and redaction, in
    September 2007.
    Presentation
    12. There have been several national press articles in the past month on
    this topic (attached at Annex C). These were triggered by a FOI response, in
    which the department said it planned to review, for release, a number of files
    held by DIS. Subsequently, any announcement of a more general release of
    files is likely to attract a great deal of press interest at both a national and
    quite possibly, internationallevel.     There is also likely to be much interest
    shown by members of both the British and international public, particularly on
    the internet. The topic has already attracted a further FOI request asking for
    details of the background to the decision to release these files and the
    response will be quickly be publicised by the internet ufologist community.
    13. Once the contents of the files appear on the MOD website it is
    expected that the response will be positive and fairly light-hearted (if a little
    disappointed that the files are not more exciting), with predictable headlines
    about "XFiles". There is a risk that media will overplay the MoD’s involvement
    in these cases, therefore we will need to manage our message and be
    prepared to deal with a high level of media interest.
.        . Release of the first files is expected to take place in September
                                                                             Annex A


            following review and redaction in accordance with the principles of the
            Freedom of Information  Act.    A press announcement will be issued on
            that day that the first release is made.
         . It will take about three years to release all the UFO and UAP files.
           They will be released in chronological order staring with the oldest.
         . This is another example of the MoD embracing the spirit of open
           government.
         . The MoD does not carry out research into UFO matters.
         . The MoD only investigates UFO sightings to see if it believes there
           may be airspace integrity issues.
         . We are open about this subjectand the release of these files will prove
            this.

    Q&A
    Q.      Why hasn’t the MoD released these files before?
    A. The MoD has already placed a number of its UFO files from the 1970s
    in the National Archive in recent years but a large number remain to be
    released.
    Q.      What are you holding back?
    A.     The files will be released in accordance with the principles of the
    Freedom of Information   Act. It may be necessary to withhold some
    information under the usual FOI exemptions. In particular names and
    addresses of individuals who have reported sightings will be withheld to
    protect their privacy.
    Q.      How do you assess whether experts need to be involved in sightings?
    A.     A handful of sightings each year are considered as worthy of further
    investigation. This may be due to a large number of reports occurring on a
    particular day or an unusual pattern of activity or reports. Additionally the
    reports could come from witnesses such as police officers, pilots or air traffic
    controllers.
    Q. What is the difference between documents/files from Intelligence Staff
    and Air Staff?
    A.     The majority of DIS documents/files will be duplicates of sighting
    reports found on the main DAS files.
.   xx/2007
                                                       Annex B

                                                xx xx 2007
              Ministry of Defence releases UFO files

    The first in a series of UFO files has been issued on the
    Ministry of Defence’s (MoD) website today, xx xx 2007.

    The documents date back to the 1970s and include
    descriptions of alleged Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon or
    "UFO" sightings and any subsequent evaluations the MoD
    carried out.

    This is the first file to be released as a result of a
    review of all UFO-related documents held within the MoD,
    in response to requests made under the Freedom of
    Information Act 2001. Subsequent files will be added to
    the website over the next three years.

    The MoD examines reports solely to establish whether UK
    airspace may have been compromised by hostile or
    unauthorised military activity. If required, sighting
    reports are examined with the assistance of the
    Department’s air defence experts. Unless there is
    evidence of a potential threat. there is no attempt to
    identify the nature of each sighting reported.

    Experts have concluded to date that there are realistic
    explanations behind alleged UFO reports, such as aircraft
    lights or natural phenomena.
    The Ministry of Defence has no interest or role regarding
    UFO matters, or regarding the question of the existence
    or otherwise of extraterrestrial lifeforms.


    Notes to Editors

      1. The MoD will be releasing these documents over a
         period of three years.
      2. The files are compiled by Defence Air Staff and
                                  Annex B
e   Defence Intelligence Staff.
.                                     ~
    .MoDopens its files on UFO sightings to public I Science I Guardian Unlimited


      I
          Sign In . Register


           Guardian
          Read todaY:SPi!per . jobs


                                              ~
                                                  +     BY.’
                                                  r~"’Unlimited science
          Home Bad science Technology Talk This week Podcasts Environment

                                              MoD opens its files on UFO
                                              sightings to public
                                                                         Go to: Guardian Unlimited home


                                                                       search:
                                                                                        )


                                                                    @ Guardian Unlimited 0 Web
                                                                                                     --~
                                                                                                              _I
                                                                                                              Page I of2


                                                                                                                   ..
                                                                                                                     Go


                                                                                                                   I Go I
                                                                                                                          I
                                                                                                                              ------.---.


                        ~             ~
                       Search this site


                        DCSA
                                      +
                           Vw\""’II tolethe
                                              James Randerson
                                              Thuraday May 3,2007
                                              The Guardia!’!
                                              The Ministry of Defence plans to open its "X-Files" on UFO

                                                                 ~
                                              sightings to the public lor the lirst lime. Officials have not yet
                                              decided on a date lor the release 01 the reports. which date
                                              back to 1967. but is hoped to be within weeks.
                                              The move follows the decision by the French nalional space
                                              agency to release its UFO files in March. the first official body
                                              in the world to do so.

                                              UFO buffs will be keen to find out what officials knew about
                                              some of the UK’s most famous sighlings and whether any
                                              action was taken. One celebrated event.at Rendlesham
                                              Forest. Suffolk. in 1980 . has been dubbed "Britain’s Roswell"
                                              after the UFO incident in the US in 1947. At Rendlesham there
                                              were several w~ness reports of a UFO apparently landing. The
                                              released flies should support or discount claims that radlalion
                                              was detecied at the site after the event.
                                              David Clarke, a lecturer in joumalism at Sheffield Hallam
                                              University and author of Flying Saucerers: A Social History of
                                              UFOlogy, said opening the MoD’s files would make it harder to

                                                                                                 ~
                                              sustain the idea that evidence for the existence of aliens has
                                              been suppressed. "The more of this stuff that they put on their
                                              website or put in the national archives, the less will cost the
                                              taxpayer. because at the moment people are       wr~lng
                                                                                                    In about
                                              individual incidents and they are having respond." said Dr
                                              Clarke, referring to requests under the Freedom of Information
                                              Act.
                                              The documents due for release are witness reports of
                                              apparent UFO sightings. many by civil pilots and mil~ry
                                              personnel. Most were simply collected and filed by a small.
                                              secret  un~within defence intelligence called DI55. A few are
                                              thought to have been investigated further by the mil~ry. but
                                                                                 2D0-300
                                              the details have never been made public. There are 24 files
                                              due for release, each containing         reports of sightings.
                                              plus intemal MoD briefings and correspondence.


    http://www.guardian.co.uk!science/story/O,;2.071275,OO.html                                                06/06/2007
.     Client:
      Source:
      Date:
      Page:
      Circulation:
      Area(cm2):
                               Ministry of Defence
                               The Independent (Main)
                               04 May 2007
                               32,33
                               255492
                               751
                                                                                                                                                                       ~
                                                                                                                                                                       ,~;
                                                                          Is the truth
                                                                          really out
                                                                          there?
                                                                          At last,the
                                                                          MoD opens
                                                                          its files
                                                       Last week,Captain Ray
                                                       Bower saw strange lights
                                                       in the sky. Now he, and
                                                                                                                             I
                                                       thousands ofothers,may
                                                       be allowed to discover the
                                                       cause. ByRobertVerkaik
                   "UJ>idPnnfi"<l object seen.
                             yellow,thin,eta-
                   Brlcbt,Size0f737.
                   tioaary.             Second
                    object same shape aeen
                                                        iitryotDelistorelease
                                                        BriIIItImollldaldocuments
                                                        of UFO sightings,so tbe
                                              dis- __wbelherwearei>elq! McDin..8lir"-’
                                                        public c judfor them-
                                                                                       the__ .


                                                                                                    b
                                                                                             elo. . .
                                                                                                     government UFO unit,

                                                                                                      e -
                                                                                                      known as S4F (Air)or
                                                                                                       DI6even existed.
                                                                                                     willDOWbu...m....d
                                                                                                                            s
                                                                                                                                  proacbtoAlderney.he
                                                                                                                                    second object further to
                                                                                                                                     "It.....exaet\ytbe
                                                                                                       Capt l!<>wer".report asmebutlool
                                                                                                                         by causeit was further away,"
                                                                                                                                                        saw


                    tuce...
                    behind fIrat at 80me
                    ..muCh  It could have been
                             as.m wide."
                                                        VislledbyalienUfefonns.
                                                          A apoItor the
                                                                                                 .
                                                                                                                    wbowill    said."Itwas
                                                                                                                                  be
                                                                                                              Guernsej<1IB Igotclto
                                                                                                     try to establisb whether
                                                                                                                                                    to
                   .
                       No\ the words of.local
                    leaivlngthe Dog and Duck
                    at tIIrowiDg outtime,hut
                                                                                   m0-
                                                         MoDoaid:"Wesrereeel\>ing what be saw posed any it,ltbecamecleartomethat
                                                         slot ofroquestthe                                    itwasl.8Jl8ible.Iwasmtwo
                                                         ment to see this iDforma- threattonationa188CUl’1ty. l$dBoboutgoingtowards
                   tbemostrecentrepoltbya                tIaD so We have decided to  According to his local . It to have a cIooer look but
                    BriDpiIotof.sigbtillgof              puttbereportsonourweb-      newspaper,C.pt  Bower                         decided against it becauBe
                    8D,~e                                lite. But to give this some spoIted.~1Igbt                                oftbe sizeofit.Ihad1DtbiIIk
                                      . . .
                                   ll)’iDgoiject.
                          60-year-old
                       ItwasioggedbyCaptain
                         Bower,a
                    ~of22years~ portsthet
                                            been interested in.... wlule
                                                             only
                                                         sortofcontex1wehave          about ofthe~oCthe",,"""1I-
                                                                                     10 miles weSt 01AIc\emey
                                                                   3OmilesCromtheilllandand
                                                                    have s defence
                                                                                                         his plalle was
                                                                                            gersfirst." no~aJone.                                       i

                                                         ~:ion he. sharp,. area.statioIIary," reported..;gJdiTt-I’Mon
                                                                     4,OOOft.          very .CaptBoweris have

                                     ~                                                           at            "It was a
                    who matletbeobservation                               will                           thin yelloW object Tbouoandsofpeop1e
                     during a flight over the            bIowtoBritain\l CODSP                   with gresn            It was In 2004,the most j’ecent
                     ChannelIsIandaIast we
                          !beDBritain’a grow-
                       Ifthe truth
                    there,
                    ing army ofUFO hunters
                    hope that Capt Bower’s
                                            is out       !nduatrywhich bas fouod
                                                         the MoD" secrecy over
                                                         UFO sfghtiDgs compelling
                                                         evidence of a COVOl’-Up. It
                                                                                                 2,OOOftup and
                                                                                                 he    said.
                                                                                                 about 10 mile. away,      aJ-
                                                                                                           "Ithought It was documents
                                                                                                                              MoD’a  UFO
                                                                                                 tboughIlBI.erreall...Ut..... reports. diapiaaiOIl-
                                                                                                                              88
                                                                                                                                But It is
                                                                                                                                           availa):j\e,the
                                                                                                                                            unit rej:eived
                                                                                                                                          the
                                                                                                                                                   :

                    raport and tbousands of
                                     cigs....
                    other sightings of
                                                         was oDlyreceDtIy that the
                                                         MoD acknowledged that a                         us.At.
                                                                                                 approximately 40 miles ate observations ofpUots
                                                                                                 from         first,I tho\I and
                                                                                                 It was the size ofa m.But whicbmilitary
                                                                                                                                               personnel
                    ahapedobjeclsandslraDge                                                                                          tbe MoD tends to
                    !IaIIbingtightswill eventu-                                                  Itmusthavebeellmucbbii-
                                                                                                                 boon..       taI most serious!j< Many
                    ~byrequests
                    to_tbeevldeDtbeMin-
                                                                                                 ger.Itascould
                                                                                                 much      a m
                                                                                                                have
                                                                                                                  wide,"
                                                                                                    lIB be continued bIB   ap-ofthese reports have boon
                                                                                                                              transferred  to the Nation-
                                                                                                                              aiArcbivesOffice inKew.
                                                                                                                                Britain’s most famous


                                                                                                                                                                  Page 25/178
                                                                                                                                                                               ~
Coverage is reproduced under licence from the NtA, CLA Of other copyright owner. No further copying (InCluding the printing of dlgita_1 cuttings), digital fe.production or fOlWardi
is permitted except under license from the NLA, http://oNww.nla.co.uk (for newspapers) CLA, http://www.cla.co.uk (fOr books & magazInes) or other COPYright body.
     .
     Client:
     Source:
     Date:
     Page:
     Circulation:
                              Ministry of Defence
                              The Independent (Main)
                              04 May 2007
                              32,33
                              255492
                                                                                                                                                                     6       .
                                                                                                                                                                                 ,.,


     -+
     Area(cm’):               751


                                       UFO    sighting
                                       RendleshamFo~         ....
                                                         ’was’ at
                                       RAP Woodbridge.Suffolk,
                                       in 1980,’lbe ’Rend1esham
                                       FIle"concernsssJe
                                       a "gIowing"1riaDgIjIar
                                       jectbyUSAJr
                                                             of
                                                  l"orcI!po!ioe.
                                         Tbedl’c"",-hsdOllly
                                                                ob-
                                       ~heenmadeavsil-
                                              20~who
                                       ableto
                                       used the AmeriC/III
                                       dom, ofJ’Dtormatim!
                                                             free-
                                                            Actto
                                             acceutotheDi.
                                       BTbe    report sayathat in
                                       the early hours ofZ1 De-
                                        cember 1980a number of
                                       US Air  For..    men wit-
                                       nessed the object holler in
                                       thellrov.t/’Oft-iHing
                                                        and -
                                                             blus
                                       pulsatlllg Ji
                                       inB nearby farm animals
                                       into a "freDzy".1na report
                                       entitled .Unexplalned
                                       Lights", USAF’ .Lt Co)
                                       ChaI Halt,the deputy
                                       ba com....ftder at RAF
                                       Bentwatere,adjacent to
                                                    "",,-lib emit-
                                       Woodbridge,
                                       wItneIsed
                                                      told how he
                                                   an object
                                       ting a "red          ligbt"
                                                            trees.
                                       moviugthrouibthe
                                          The 1II!!ID! response
                                       read: "Noevidence was
                                       found ofany threat to the
                                       del’elweofthe umtedKiDg-
                                       dom,and nofurther


                                   .
                                       ~
                                       tJgwerecsrriedout."
                                         Twenty.......yearalater
                                       theMD otIIIrtobe
                                       convinced of the CI!If& for
                                       visits by aJJlfeforms.
                                         CaptBolVerhaaalao1
                                       an nod mind about his
                                                   "rmcertain1y
                                            "ADl’muying that .....>.,...
                                       notsayiDgtilatitwasllOlJleo
                                       thiniiofanot.h world,"he
                                       asid.
                                       I bavenever..en SD)’1hiDg fiVtaNm
                                       lilitbefo,..inaDD:\.Vyeara.
                                       offtyiDg."
                                                                        ~Ra7’_ar
                                                                        _~UI’Oo""
                                                                        IIy/IIto~in
                                                                        ""’’’’’""*’,.’
                                                                         PRt$S.
                                                                                               .
                                                                                                   .

                                                                                                       .


                                                                                                                                                                Page 26/17?
CO\lerage is reproaUCed under licence from the NLA, CLA or other copyright owner, No further copying (including the printing of digital cuttings), digital reproduction artorwardi
is permitted except under license from Ihe NLA, http://www.nla.co.uk (for newspapers) CLA. hnp:/Iwww.cla.co.l1k (for books Bi magazines) or other copyright body_
.Client:                    Ministry of Defence
     Source:
     Date:
     Page:
     Circulation:
                            The Independent (Main)
                            04 May 2007
                            32,33
                            255492
                                                                                                                                                                                               6
     -+
     Area(em’}:             751


                                 -
                                 aDelNln,0ctDb0r19l7 ! watched a bearded hu$noid i SUllalk,1IIOThis
                                  SstRoWi!ley and f\:alflood j wearing
                                 WO\<X>II wet1!cIrivir1Iaiorva 1 out,walked tothetheoccu~ts.
                                 dmledbybrightwtitellln ! Hethendisappeored,aj.!the ! U5Airfooa!pollRAF
                                 thefi<i.
                                 1heories,theIncIu

                                 ..",,,._1,.,.
                                 lane.
                                                 whonthey_
                                           There_ ~
                                 _bya. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..._~
                                 country lane

                                                Soviet


                                  three entitie5 behind a
                                                         SPY ships i
                                                        Union.


                                  SlJddenly shook and then
                                                          Joyce


                                  veered off the road intca
                                                                           i looked in on


                                 ......"".............-.."...".."..........!


                                  ject’"electrical interference ! trousers
                                  a c:ilar--shaped Cfilft with
                                                                win-
                                                                       .
                                                                           ! .......-........................................
                                                                            !aDd..
                                                                          ! the


                                         They daimtheir car ! in a woodland


                                  dow in the object As they ! is still open.
                                                                               Taylor’s


                                  grassverge.Thecat’wassutJ.. i attachedthemselvestqhis i
                                                                                           a silver suit car !


                                                                            J only recorded UK case !j iog
                                  Bowles and li!d Pratt claimed ! officially investigated by


                                                                             i caminiroundThe
                                                                                                        00,.,

                                 theywerevjsitedbyaliens i police Mr Taylor said he came j ’1renzy". ~response
                                  while driving on a country i across a large spherical;object i was a top secret memo
                                                                                                    clearing. ! dismis5ed
                                                                               with protruding metal s ikes 1
                                                                                            and began to c
                                  as the engine roared.They i him towards the UFO.1M ! of an Air France fllsht from
                                  spotted what appeared to be ! next thing he knew he was ! Nice to London
                                                                                                          car apd


                                                                                                        . .1. -.!
                                                                                                                             ."It.’
                                                                                                                             .g~
                                                                               couple were able to off. ! sham Forest,near Woad.


                                                                                                                         .19 4
                                                                                                                                                    foNII.
                                                                                                                                                        incident
                                                                                                                              i concerned a si&htinEI ofa
                                                                                                                              i              trianaular object by
                                                                                                                                                       inRendle-
                                                                                                                              i bridge.lntheearly hour.;0127
                                                                                                                              ! December1980anumberof
                                                                                                       1t7900b i U5AirFo<cemensawthe
                                                                                          alleged encounter is ! object nover in the darl<ness.


                                                                                                              ~ _. . . .Iw........
                                                                            !. dairned two round objects i ..........................--..--..--.....
                                                                                                                             .Dg _
                                                                                                                                i
                                                                                                                                  pu1satiog witl1lightand
                                                                                                                                      nearby farm animal> into a
                                                                                                                                                            that
                                                                                                                                              the event in terms


                                                                                                    .Iying rac:+ down j disk that seemed change
                                                                            ! on the grass, pol/at case ! shape and colour.After a
                                                                                                                                                         send-
                                                                                                                                  of a threat to national security.

                                                                                                                                                         The crew
                                                                                                                                                    saw a giant

                                                                                                                               iI minl.de soit disapp!.

Coyerage is reproduced under licence from the NLA CLA or other copyrighl own
is permitted except under license from the NLA, http~/IwNw.nla.co.Uk (for
                                                                             ;


                                                                                                 furth
                                                                                   newsP"p~rs)oN CLA      ,   ~t pCO/~ ~ ~’
                                                                                                                   .
                                                                                                                         .    ("
                                                                                                                       ,..-ww.cIn,CIUdlnk9
                                                                                                                                                                                         Page 27/178
                                                                                                                                                                                                         .
                                                                                                                                           (the pnnting of dlg’~1 cuttings), digital reproduCtion or forwardi
                                                                                                                                                ..          . .

                                                                                                                                 a.co,u for books & magazmes) or other COPYright body.
~lient:
     Source:
     Date:
     Page:
     Circulation:
     Area(cm’):
                             Ministry of Defence
                             Daily Star (Main)
                             05 May 2007
                             18,19
                             783229
                             295
                                                                                                                                                                     ’"
                                                                                                                                                                     "


                                                                                                                                                                          ’:
                                                                                                                                                                                .   "


     by CAMERON MlLU                  barded" with requests               of any threat to the
     THE
     ..t FII_ It.
     D.faftl!la  M’’’I.tv
           to ope"
                    Ia.   of
                        IaSI
                                      information,
                                        An MoD spokesm
                                      said: HWe are receiv
                                      lot of requests to see t:
                                      information. so we b:
                                                                          defence of the UK.and no
                                                                          further investigations
                                                                          were carried  out....
                                                                            Even Capt Bower js
                                                                          keeping an open mind
                                                                                                               Famous
                                                                                                               .      sightings
                                                                                                                 OCTOBER 1967. Devol’l: 59t Roger Willey
     own X           to the           decided to put the rope             about what he saw uff th(!           and Pc Clifford waycoU were dazzled by bright
     pubilc.                          on our website.                     coast of AJderney.                   white lights in the sky as they drove along a
      The move promises to
     reveal the facts behind
     some of our most baf-
     fling UFO cases.
                                        "But to give \hi. so
                                      sort of context, we rn
                                      only ever been interes
                                      in t"eports that haVE
                                      defen perspective.
                                                                            "I’m certainly not say-
                                                                          ing it was someth1ng of
                                                                          another worJd. AU
                                                                          saying is that T have
                                                                          seen anything Jike it in
                                                                                                          . -
                                                                                                  ne.I’m.-er
                                                                                                               country lane. Conspiracy theorists believe they
                                                                                                               were spy rockets sent by the Soviet Union.
                                                                                                                 NOVEMBER 1976. Winchest.r, Hants:
                                                                                                               Joyce Bowles and Ted Pratt claimed they were
                                                                                                               abducted as 1hey drove in the countryside.The
                                                                                                                                                                          -
       The files, to be released

                                                                                                          .
                                                              M


                                                                                YOOI’SQ!J!Y-!!~.!it.:~__~
     over the next two years,
     will reveal details of the
     thousands of reports of
                                        For decades, success
                                      governments tried
                                      keep secret e dedica:
     flying saucers over the UFO unii knOVl’ as

                Fev_
     UK since Wortd War Two. (AIr)or DI55.
                                    Specialists from .
                                  umt are now. prob
                                                                  ~       all my                               alkms one bearded and dres&ed in iI silver suit
                                                                                                               arrived in a cigar-shaped craft.
                                                                                                                 NOVEMBER 1979. Dechmont, West
                                                                                                               Lothian: Bob Taylor’s reported encounter is 1he
                                                                                                               on!)’UK case to be officiaUy Investigated by
                                                                                                               police. He found 8 large spherical object in a
                                                                                                               woodland clearing. Two objects with metal spikes
       It means amateur alien. Copt Bower’s sighting
     hunters will be able to fol. learn whether it COI
     low   i.n the footsteps of be a threat to natio:
     Fox Mulder and Dana security; It is one of thou-
     Scully  -
     Duchovny.  played by David sands of UK sighting. to
                   46,
                     and Gillian be investigated.. (n             2004.
                                                                                                               .
                                                                                                               locked on his trousers and pulled him towards the
                                                                                                               UFO. Next1hlng he remembers Is waking up on
                                                                                                               the grass,The police file is still open.
                                                                                                                 DECEMBER t 9801 RendteshBm Forest.
                                                                                                               Suffolk: A "glowing triangutar" objeet was
                                                                                                               spOIled by US Air Foree potice_ A number 01 men
     Anderson. 38, in cult TV a)one, the unit received
     show The X Flies
       UFO fever was spectacu-
     larly     re-ignited Be""",
     afIJ!r Captain Ray
                                  nearly 100 reports.
                                   Britain’s most famous
                       last week UFO sighting happened
                                  in Rendlesharn Forest,
                                                                                                               .
                                                                                                               saw the object hover in the darkness, sending
                                                                                                               nearby farm anlma1s into a "frenzy".
                                                                                                                 .JANUARY 1994,southern England:The
                                                                                                               crew of an Air France nigh1 to Nice saw a giant
                                                                                                               disc which seemed 10 change shape and colour.
     50, a respected pilot with near RAF Woodbridge.
     22  year.   of experience, Suffolk, In 1980.
     saw a veUow UFO "unto a       US Air Force police
     mile wide" over t            reported a "glowing trio
     Ch2nnel     Js1ands.
      And that case has n
                                  anguJar" object.
     made the MoD decide
     re)ease -its files on pm
                                             Threat’
                                   The MoD re&(Knse read:
     ble aUen encounte            "No evidence was found
     after staff were "bo


                                                                                                                                                                 Page 5/99
~overa~e reproduced u~der
          is                  licence from the NLA, CLA or other copyright Clwner. No further copying (inCluding the printing Df digital cuttings), digital reproduction orforwardi
IS permitted except under license from the NLA. http://www.nla.co.UI< (for newspapers) CLA, I’Ittp:/Iwww.cla.co.Uk {fOr books & magazines.} or other CDpyright
                                                                                                                                                                 body.
.

    .
    *******************************************************************j
    This email and any files transmitted with it are private and
    intended
    solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are
                                                                                         Page 3 of3


    addressed.
    If you have received this email in error please return it to the
    address
    it came from telling them it is not for you and then delete it from
    your system.

    This email message has been swept for computer viruses.
    ******************~************************************************j

    The original ofthis ernail was scanned for viruses by Government Secure Intranet (GSi)virus
    scanning service supplied exclusively by Cable & Wireless in partnership with MessageLabs.
    On leaving the GSI this email was certified virus free.
    The MessageLabs Anti Virus Service is the first managed service to achieve the CSIA Claims Tested
    Mark (CCTMCertificate Number 2006/04/0007), the UK Government quality mark initiative for
    information security products and services. For more information about this please visit
    www.cctmark.gov.uk


    26/03/2007
_ rom:
;


     .40
                       DAS Email 28Apr06
            xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx /
     ent: 28 April 2006
    To: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx7
    S.40
    cc: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX /
    S.40
                           1~:29

    Subject: publication scheme
                                           - publication scheme - redacted


    Attachments: 20060428 U publication scheme introduction to release of the UAP
                                                                   -
    Report.doc; 20060625 U Letter to xxxxxxxxx~ UAP Report Disclosure Log
    S.40
    version.doc
    )()()()(){/
    S.40

                  rele~
    The large unidentified Aerial phenomena in the UK Air Defence Region report has.
    now been          to the two FOI requesters. 3 of the 4 volumes have been put on
    CD. XXXXXXXX DAS-PS who is scanning the final volume has been away sick, but
    S.40
                                   ~e~e
    has returned today. she hopes to get it done today and if she does I will bring
    the CDS up to you. I am on        next week, so if she does not get it done
    today, I have asked XXXXXXXXX~DAS-FOI1) to bring all the discs to you asap.
    S.40

    please see attached a statement regardin~ what the report is and why we are
    releasing it. I would be grateful if thlS could somehow be seen at the front of
    the report on the PS.
    I also attach a copy of the letter sent to         XXXXXXXXX,~th his address and the
    S.40
    name of
    xxxxxxxx~as
    S.40
                  t~
               other requester removed, for the Disclosure Log.
                specifically asked for his name to be left on the letter and has
    ~iven his consent (in writing) for the release of this personal data. please
    lnsure that neither his letter or the Report appear in the publication scheme or
    on the Disclosure Log until Monday 15th May 2006.

    xxxxxx /
    S.40
    If you have any comments or amendments to the statement mentioned above please
    make
    S.40
           xxxxxx~are before it goes on the publication scheme.

    I will be back in office on wednesday 10th May 2006.
    Regards
    xxxxxxx
    S.40
    DAS-FOI
                  /’

                                              page 1
.                                    -
                     From: XXXXXXXXXXX/
                     Directorate of Air Staff Freedom of Information
                     MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                     5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
                                                                                       8.40/’


                      ~
                                                     Telephone         (Direct dial)
                                                                       (SwUchboard)
                                                                                          020 7218 xxxx
                                                                                          020 7218 9000
                                                                                                       s.40
                                                                       (Fax)              0207218 XXXX 8.40
                                                     e-mail            das-ufo-office@mod.uk


    xxxxxxxxxxxxx                                    Our Reference
    XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
    xxxxxxxx                                         26-09-2005-091240-001
    xxxxxxxx                                         Date
    XXXXXXX                                          28 April 2006


    Dear XXXXXXXXXX                                                                                    s.40/
    Please find enclosed a copy of the report entitled Unidentified Aerial Phenomena in the UK Air
    Defence Region written in December 2000 as you requested on 1 September 2005,in accordance
    with the Freedom of Information Act 2000. 1 apologise for the length oftime this request has
    taken,but the meticulous scrutiny this document has received has enabled us to release the vast
    majority ofthe report and 1 hope you will be pleased with the final result.
    The report consists of465 pages divided into four parts, three Volumes and an Executive
    Summary. While we have endeavoured to release as much information as possible, it has been
    necessary to remove some information and where this is the case the appropriate Section ofthe
    Freedom oflnformation Act has been indicated beside the redaction. The Sections and the reasons
    for their use are given below. Sections 26, and 27 are qualified exemptions and in accordance
    with the provisions ofthe Freedom of Information Act we have looked at the balance ofpublic
    interest for and against disclosure for each Section. Details ofthe public interest test and our
    conclusions are also detailed below,

    Section 26 (Defence)- This information consists of details ofthe operation and performance of
    UK Air Defence radar. In favour of disclosing this information is the public interest in promoting
    understanding ofthe RAF’s ability to detect and effectively respond to potential threats in UK
    airspace. It is important to recognise public anxiety with regard to possible attacks on the  UK,
    particularly from acts ofterrorism and the need to reassure the public that everything possible is
    being done to protect them. However,this public interest has already been served to a
    considerable extent by the publication ofthe Sixth Report of the House of Commons Defence
    Committee in 2002. In the report the Committee outline the measures the Government takes to
    protect the public from terrorist activity including threats from the air.

    Against the limited public interest in disclosure, is a countervailing public interest which favours
    withholding the information in order to preserve the effectiveness ofthe UK’s air defences. The
    release ofthis information could be of significant value to the planning of an attack on the
    including from terrorism. There is therefore a strong public interest in preserving the RAP’s
                                                                                                   UK,
    ability to defend the British mainland through the effectiveness ofits air defences. and we
    therefore conclude that the balance ofthe public interest is firmly in favour ofwithholding the
    information in accordance with Section 26(l)(a) & (b).
..
 Section 27 (InternationalRelations)- This information consists ofinformation about or
 supplied by another nation. In favour of disclosing this information is the
 understanding the exchange ofinformation     between  the UK  and other
                                                                             ~ublic
                                                                          natlOns.
                                                                                   interest in


 Against the public interest is the need to maintain the UK’s ability to effectively share and receive
 information from our allies, concerning issues of mutual benefit, with a degree of confidentiality.
 The release ofthis information is, likely to prejudice the future exchange of such information and
 may also damage the UK’s relationship with that nation. We therefore conclude that the balance
 of public interest is in favour of withholding this information in accordance with Section 27(1)(a)
 & (3).
 Section 40 (PersonalInformation)- This information contains personal data about the author of
 the report and members ofthe public who have reported UFO sightings. This information is
 exempt under Section 40 ofthe Freedom of Information Act 2000 and is covered by the Data
 Protection Act 1998. Section 40 is an absolute exemption and therefore requires no public interest
 test

 You will also notice that some minor details have been removed because they are not relevant to
 your request These consists ofoffice addresses, telephone numbers and unique job titles. This
 information is not relevant to the contents ofthe report and we believe its removal does not
 prejudice the understanding ofthe report. The titles of significant branches such as DI55 and
 Sec(AS)2a have not been removed.

 I hope you will find this useful. If you are dissatisfied with our decision to refuse this information
 or you wish to complain about any aspect ofthe handling ofthis request, then you should contact
 the undersigned in the first instance. Should you remain dissatisfied, then you may apply for an
 internal review by contacting the Director of Information Exploitation, 6th Floor, MOD Main
 Building, Whitehall, SWlA    2HB. (e-mail:    Info-XD@mod.uk).
 If you are still unhappy following an internal review, you may take your complaint to the
 Information Commissioner under the provisions of Section 50 ofthe Freedom ofInformation Act
 Please note that the Information Commissioner will not normally investigate your case until the
 MOD internal review process has been completed. Further details ofthe role and powers ofthe
 Information Commissioner can be found on the Commissioner’s website,
 httD://www.informationcommissioner.gov.uk.
 I should also inform you that the information supplied to you continues to be protected by the
 Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. You are free to use it for your own purposes, including
 any non-commercial research you are doing and for the purposes ofnews reporting. Any other
 reuse, for example commercial publication, would require the permission ofthe copyright holder.
 Most documents supplied by the Ministry of Defence will have been produced by government
 officials and will be Crown Copyright You can fmd details on the arrangements for       re-using
 Crown Copyright from the Office ofPublic Sector Information at: httu://www.ousi.gov.uklclick-
 use/index.htm. Information you receive which is not subject to Crown Copyright continues to be
 protected by the copyright ofthe person, or organisations, from which the information originated.
 You must ensure that you gain their permission before reproducing any third party (non Crown
 Copyright) information. If you intend to use this information for commercial publication or are
 unsure whether permission is required, please write to the following address for advice:
.   Section 27 (InternationalRelations)- This information consists ofinformation about or
    supplied by another nation. In favour ofdisclosing this information is the
    understanding the exchange ofinformation between the UK and other
                                                                                ~ublic
                                                                            nauons.
                                                                                    interest in


    Against the public interest is the need to maintain the UK’s ability to effectively share and receive
    information ITom our allies, concerning issues ofmutual benefit, with a degree of confidentiality.
    The release ofthis information is, likely to prejudice the future exchange of such information and
    may also damage the UK’s relationship with that nation. We therefore conclude that the balance
    ofpublic interest is in favour ofwithholding this information in accordance with Section 27(1)(a)
    &(3).
    Section 40 (PersonalInformation)- This information contains personal data about the author of
    the report and members ofthe public who have reported UFO sightings. This information is
    exempt under Section 40 ofthe Freedom of Information Act 2000 and is covered by the Data
    Protection Act 1998. Section 40 is an absolute exemption and therefore requires no public interest
    test.

    You will also notice that some minor details have been removed because they are not relevant to
    your request. These consists ofoffice addresses, telephone numbers and unique job titles. This
    information is not relevant to the contents ofthe report and we believe its removal does not
    prejudice the understanding ofthe report. The titles ofsignificant branches such as DI55 and
    Sec(AS)2a have not been removed.

    I hope you will find this useful. If you are dissatisfied with our decision to refuse this information
    or you wish to complain about any aspect ofthe handling ofthis request, then you should contact
    the undersigned in the first instance. Should you remain dissatisfied, then you may apply for an
    internal review by contacting the Director ofInformation Exploitation, 6th Floor, MOD Main
    Building, Whitehall, SW1A    2HB.  (e-mail:Info-XD mod.uk).
    If you are still unhappy following an internal review, you may take your complaint to the
    Information Commissioner under the provisions of Section 50 ofthe Freedom ofInformation           Act.
    Please note that the Information Commissioner will not normally investigate your case until the
    MOD internal review process has been completed. Further details ofthe role and powers ofthe
    Information Commissioner can be found on the Commissioner’s website,
    http://www.informationcommissioner.gov.uk.

    I should also inform you that the information supplied to you continues to be protected by the
    Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. You are ITee to use it for your own purposes, including
    any non-commercial research you are doing and for the purposes ofnews reporting. Any other
    reuse, for example commercial publication, would require the permission ofthe copyright holder.
    Most documents supplied by the Ministry of Defence will have been produced by government
    officials and will be Crown Copyright. You can find details on the arrangements for re-using
    Crown Copyright ITom the Office of Public Sector Information at: http://www.opsi.gov.uk/click-
    use/index.htm. Information you receive which is not subject to Crown Copyright continues to be
    protected by the copyright ofthe person, or organisations, ITom which the information originated.
    You must ensure that you gain their permission before reproducing any third party (non Crown
    Copyright) information. If you intend to use this information for commercial publication or are
    unsure whether permission is required, please write to the following address for advice:
                            DAs..-DI5   Email 16 Dec05   - redacted
.5.40
.
    From: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX’/
    sent: 16 December 2005
    To: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
                            1~50
    5.40                                /’
    Cc:
    5.40
    subject: RE: FOI Request -
    5.40
                                 xxxxxxxxxxxx   /’
    Dear XXXXXX/
    5.40
    Thank you for your email. I believe
    5.40
                                             XXXXXX~s
                                                   been in touch with you about the
    fi rst poi nt.
                                                                      /"
    I am very happy for you to continue to correspond with xxxxxxxx as DA5 are the
    5.40

                                   ./
    policy lead and you have established a relationship already. It’s best that he
    has one p~c    in MOD!
    on the redaction points, xxx has already checked the first two volumes from a
    5.40
    security/technical perspective, and      ha~agreed
                                                   to redact vol 3 which does need
    some technical data redacted. xxxxxxx will be checking them from an FOI
    5.40
    perspective. For example, we have seen some references to other nations, which
    might need redacting. we hope to have completed this task by early January.
    AS it will be a one-off publication, creating a new class under the publication
    scheme may be unnecessary. Instead of placing the reports on the MOD’S
    publication scheme, we could place them in the MOD’s FOI Reading Room which is
    available at the www.mod.ukwebsite.Info-Access views would be welcome.
    I am~ppy   to host a meeting here in early January once we have done the work.
    XXXX 1S also welcome to come of course. please ring me if you have any other


    ~~od
    5.40
    points.


    5.40
                  (uFo-free) christmas!


    xxxxxxxxxxx
    5.40
                  ./
    DI BCR CG AD
    WHXXXXX XXXXXXMB
    5.40


    From: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX./
    5.40
    Sent: 15 December 2005 12:09
    TO: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX./
    5.40
    Cc: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
    5.40
                          ./ - xxxxxxxxxxx-’
    subject: RE: FOI Request
                                                /

    5.40
    Dear XXXXXXX /
                                              Page 1
.5.40                           DA5-DI5 Email 16 DecOS - redacted

.


                                ~ ~                 ./
    Thank you for this. I thought XXXXXXXXXXX was your FOI focal point and have
    5.40
    copied my e-mailstoher.soIapologise for sending them to the wrong place. I
    will deal with xxxxxxxx
    5.40
                               future.
                                          /’
    All of the information xxxxxxxx has asked for in this request is DIS material
    5.40
    and not held by DAS. However, XXXXXXXXX has been corresponding with me about
    5.40
    UFOs almost continuously for over 5 years and we have released a lot of
    information to him. In order to stop him starting a similar     lon~
                                                                     chain of
    correspondence with yourselves and so I can keep track of what lnformation he
    has been given I thought it best that your response comes through me rather than
    directly to him. If you would prefer to correspond directly with him, please
    let me know. otherwise I believe that you are best placed to decide on what can
    be released from these documents (with the input of any other parties as you see
    fit) and the use of any exemptions. You would then need to redact any
    information which is to be withheld. AS the FOIA is an entitlement to
    information not documents it would be acceptable to provide a digest of
    releasable information but given the number of documents involved it may be more
    practical to provide copies (redacted where necessary). I would then be happy to
    draft a response to
    5.40
                             xxxxxxxxxx~and
                                        the other applicant who is interested in
    these papers) which of course I will clear with you. I will give some thought to
    press lines, although until we know exactly what will be released (or withheld)
    I will not know what to cover. Maybe we can discuss this immediately prior to
    the release of the information. I think at the very least we should inform both
    our heads of branch and DG Info-AccessAD about the release. we do not get many
    PQs on UFOs these days, but it may be worth informing US of 5 just in case. I
    will di scuss thi s wi th my AD, XXXXXXXXX./ In the meanti me, I wlll send the two
    5.40
    applicants a holding letter.


           ..-
    xxxx1brought over to me the Executive Summary (the original) to the UAP report,
    5.40
    plus a copy about two weeks ago. I will arrange to get the original back to
    xxxxxxx
                                ./
                                      ~
    5.40

                        ./
    I see you plan for xxxx to redact the report and decide on any use of
    exempti ons. 5.40
    I spoke to xxxx yesterday (before I got your e-mail) and he said it had all been
    5.40
    handed over to you and xxxxxx for action as he did not have time to deal with
    5.40
    it. I got the impression he did not think this was anything to do with him now,
    but maybe I misunderstood this.
    with regard to publishin~ this information after release, the best place for
    this is the MOO FOI publlcation Scheme. AS you probably know, all new classes
    of information require the permission of the Information Commissioner so we will
    have to speak to Info-Access about this. when I released the Rendlesham Forest
    papers into the PS there were a few technical problems because of its size (175
    pages). I understand your report is over 300 pages so depending on how much is
    released there could be some difficulties. Scanned information also has to be in
    a certain form (PDF I believe). I have a contact in Info-Access who deals with
    the publication Scheme so I will have a chat with them.
                                               page 2
.1                       DAS-DIS Email 16 DecOS - redacted
   think a meeting in the new year when you have a clearer idea of what is (and
 is not) to be released, would be a good idea. I am back in office on 3 January
 and could book a meeting room in MB if that suits you.
 please give me a call if you need to chat about any of this.
 Regards
 XXXXXXX
 5.40
           /’
 DAS-FOI


 From: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx /
 5.40
 sent: 14 December 2005 16:21
 TO: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX /
 5.40
 Cc: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx /
 5.40
 subject: FW: FOI Request
 5.40
                            - XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX /
 Dear XXXXXX/
 S.40/,
 xxxx and I have now had an opportunity to discuss this request. May I suggest
 5.40
 that future requests for information under the FOI Act would probably be best
 directed through the DIS FOI Focal point which at the moment is XXXXXXXXXXXX,~
 5.40                                      /"
 DI BCR CG3, rather than directly to XXXX?/
 5.40
 I think we will probably be able to release most of the material in the reports
 to the respondent. However, redacting them and preparing them for publication
 will take time and will not be possible within 20 working days or within the
 f600 limit. we therefore plan to do this over the Christmas period and hope to


                                     ~
 have something ready by the end of January.
 In addition, as you acknowledge in your minute, this report is likely to receive
 substantial press coverage, and we need to plan more carefully how it will be
 handled. we (all) need to be thinking of press lines. should we consider
 advising Ministers and senior staff?
 The plan at the moment is for XXXX    redact the reports and let me have his
  5.40
 views on exemptions. The redacted versions will then need to be scanned in so
 that they are readily available in soft copy if we are to put them on the MOD
 website.
 I would be grateful for your views on the division of labour as DAS lead on UFOs
 but we are the experts with the information. perhaps a meeting in the New Year
 to discuss the way ahead would be useful.
 XXXXXXXXXXXX /
  5.40
 01 BCR CG AD
 wHXXXX XXXXXMB   /
  5.40


                                         Page 3
.            DAS Email UAP

                             ~
                            Rep~t redaction comments
    From: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx /’
    sent: 31 March 2006 16:20
    TO: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

             ./’
    subject: UAP Report
    XXXXXX
                                             s.40
                                             s.40

                                             s.40
                                                     - 31 March 06-redacted


    I have read through the report and have the following comments:
    volume 1
    page vi - should we remove number 9 from the index?
                                      -
    chapter 1, page 2, para’s 2 and 5     It is ok to leave the a in Air staff 2a.
    This was a section within sec(AS), not a person and is widely known by the
    public already.
    chapter 3, page 14, para 33 - IS it already publicly known that we have nuclear
                         dermaston capenhurst?
    assets at Faslane, Al,
    chapter 4, page 1, para 1, line 8 -- should we mention black programmes?
    chapter 5, page 1, para 5, line 3    "Following the Russian experiences, it would
    be .......". This presumably refers to a particular incident in Russia. IS this
    common knowledge?
    chapter 5, page 4-5, para 16 - I assume the remark about the "inappropriate
    statement .....1 ssued by another Department" is referri ng to sec(AS). I am not
    sure sec(AS) were even aware that this study had been conducted (they were not
    on the distribution when the report was sent out). while I don’t suppose we can
    remove this remark, we might have to field some awkward questions about this.
    Page B-3 - Attn for sec(AS)2a ... the a can be put back in.
    volume 3                                                                 /
    page 2, para 9, line 5 - It may be a good idea to remove "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
    s.27
    xxxxxxxxxxx" as this may lead some to be able to guess which country has been
    s.27
    removed.
    chapter 2, page 6, para 24 ... The 2a can be put back in Sec(AS)2a.
    I am happy to speak when you are ready.
    Regards
    xxxxxxx
    DAS-FOI
              /’   s . 40


                                          Page 1
     .        LOOSE MINUTE
              DIDAS/64/3/l1

              22 November 2005


              DIST-GM OMS AD
              Copy to: DI BCR CO2
                       DAS- Sec AD

              FREEDOM OF INFORMAnON REOUEST                                                               s.40./
              I) I am writing concerning  xxxxx"’eedom      ofInformation request for a copy ofthe report s.40/
              produced by DIS in December 2000 entitled "Unidentified Aerial Phenomena in the UK Air
              Defence Region", Volumes 1,2 and 3 and the Executive Summ . I have now read the
              Executive Summary which you proposed to release ahead ofthe Volumes and while I do not
              profess to understand the technical or scientific information,I have the following comments for
              your consideration.

              2) The summary contains references to what can and can not be seen on UK Air Defence
              Radar and discusses xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx s.26 ?

        J9.
JJ..;:;’~
 I       t:
              xxxxxxx. I think we should therefore show the Summary (and relevant parts ofthe report) s.26 ?
                 xxxxxxxxxxxxxx, CT and UK Ops - Airspace Integrity for an opinion on how sensitive
              this is now. I note UKADGE I (ptedecessor to CT&UK Ops)was on the original
                                                                                                          s.40   ..,/
              distribution ofthese documents, so it is possible that they also have a copy on their files.

              3) There are references to flight safety aspects xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx           s.26
              xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx                       s.26
              xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx                      s.26      ?
              xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx                      s.26
              xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx                      s.26
              The fatal Mull ofKintyre Chinook accident in 1994 in which the pilots were found grossly
              negligent is still topical and DAS continue to receive FOI requests and correspondence from
              those campaigning to clear the pilots names. I believe at one time the possibility of a UFO in
              the area was suggested by some ofthe campaigners as a possible cause.

              4) The summary also contains reference to plasma formations I technologies and "exotic
              technologies". You may recall when releasing the DIS letter dated 4 December 2000
              (DIDIST/IlIIO)in response to xxxxxxxx earlier request we removed paragraph 3 as not s.40/
              relevant to the request. The main concern was that it mentioned that plasma formations have
              potential applications to novel weapons technology which you thought might still be sensitive
              and as it did not directly relate to xxxxxx request at the time, it was removed. xxxxxx has s.40   /’
              asked us to reconsider the withholding ofthis paragraph and it seems pointless to continue to
              withhold it if we are going to release this information in the Executive Summary.

              5) If you intend to release the Executive Summary in advance ofthe full (orpartial)
              release ofthe Volumes ofthe report, care must be taken not to release information in the
              Executive Summary which may be withheld on release ofthe Volumes. This might be difficult
.   D/DAS/63/3/11
    26 April 2006
    PSIUS of S
    Copy to   :DA5-XO
               DCT&UKOps -
               DI BCR CG AD
               DGMC-D News- Armed
                              SOl Airspace Integrity
                                      Forces 4
               Info-AccessOpsAD

                                          -
    FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT RELEASE OF DIS REPORT ON
    UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL PHENOMENA lUAP)IN THE UK AIR DEFENCE
    REGION
    ISSUE
    1. The release of a DIS-commissioned study into Unidentified Aerial
    Phenomena in the UK Air Defence Region in response to a request under the
    Freedom of Information Act 2000 (FOIA).
    RECOMMENDATION
    2. Minister to note the release of a document that is likely to attract media and
    public attention.
    TIMING
    3. Urgent. The report is to be released into the public domain on 28 April
    2006 and will be revealed in the MOD Freedom of Information Publication
    Scheme on 15th May 2006.
    BACKGROUND
    4. Since the introduction of the FOIA on 1 January 2005, the Directorate of
    Air Staff, as the lead branch, has received a large number of requests for
    information on reported ’UFO’sightings in UK air space. Several documents
    have been released in response to these requests, one of which referred to a
    DIS study entitled ’Unidentified Aerial Phenomena in the UK Air Defence
    Region’. DAS have now received requests from two members of the public
    (one of which is an academic researcher) requesting copies of this study
    report.
    5. The study was commissioned by DIST to ascertain whether there was any
    evidence of a threat to UK air space from Unidentified Aerial Phenomena.
    0155 regularly received copies of UAP sighting reports and had formed the
    view that none of them presented any threat to UK airspace. Neither had any
    of the reports indicated any potential new technologies which may have been
    of defence interest. 0155 therefore were of the view that they had no need to
    receive these reports, but in order to establish whether UFO reports had any
    value to Defence Intelligence and whether there was a requirement for
.
.
    D/DAS/6313/11
    26 April 2006
    PS/US of S
    Copy to :DAS-XO
             DI BCR CG AD
                             -
             DCT&UKOps SOl Airspace Integrity
             DGMC-D News- Armed Forces 4
               Info-AccessOpsAD

    FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT ~ RELEASE OF DIS REPORT ON
    UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL PHENOMENA lUAP)IN THE UK AIR DEFENCE
    REGION
    ISSUE
    1. The release of a DIS-commissioned study into Unidentified Aerial
    Phenomena in the UK Air Defence Region in response to a request under the
    Freedom of Information Act 2000 (FOIA).
    RECOMMENDATION
    2. Minister to note the release of a document that is likely to attract media and
    public attention.
    TIMING
    3.   Urgent. The report is to be released into the public domain on 28 April
    2006 and will be revealed in the MOD Freedom of Information Publication
    Scheme on 15th May 2006.
    BACKGROUND
    4. Since the introduction of the FOIA on 1 January 2005, the Directorate of
    Air Staff, as the lead branch, has received a large number of requests for
    information on reported ’UFO’sightings in UK air space. Several documents
    have been released in response to these requests, one of which referred to a
    DIS study entitled ’Unidentified Aerial Phenomena in the UK Air Defence
    Region’. DAS have now received requests from two members of the public
    (one of which is an academic researcher) requesting copies of this study
    report.
    5. The study was commissioned by DIST to ascertain whether there was any
    evidence of a threat to UK air space from Unidentified Aerial Phenomena.
    DI55 regularly received copies of UAP sighting reports and had formed the
    view that none of them presented any threat to UK airspace. Neither had any
    of the reports indicated any potential nl;jw technologies which may have been
    of defence interest. DI55 therefore were of the view that they had no need to
    receive these reports, but in order to establish whether UFO reports had any
    value to Defence Intelligence and whether there was a requirement for
.
.    Defence Intelligence Staff to see them in the future, they decided to
     commission a study into the reports that had been received. The study was
       rried out during the period December 1996 to March 2000 by a contractor,
    /XXXXXXXX who was employed in DIST and the report was completed in 8.40
     December 2000. Although this was only one of several tasks in which the
     contractor was engaged, he produced a very comprehensive report (three
     volumes and an Executive Summary). The conclusion was that there was no
     evidence of threats to UK airspace and no new technologies which may have
     been of defence interest. Most aerial phenomena could be easily explained. It
     was then decided that DI55 would cease to receive UAP sighting reports.
     Since December 2000,these reports have not been forwarded to DIS.
     6. It is understood that this is the most detailed study that has been
     undertaken by the Ministry of Defence into unidentified aerial phenomena in
     UK air space. As it is a unique report and in view of the continuing high profile
     of the ’UFO’phenomenon, it is expe ted that the release of the report into the
     public domain will create media and public interest.
     7. The contractor wrote the first two volumes of the report with a view to their
     release, but the third volume was classified SECRET UK Eyes Only because
     it contained sensitive information concerning the UK Air Defence Region. The
     report has been scrutinised by the subject matter experts in DIST, DI BCR,
     CT&UK Ops and DAS and it is considered that the report can be downgraded
     to UNCLASSIFIED. However, several sections of the report have been
     withheld in accordance with Sections of the FOIA. These are as follows;
              -      -
     S.26 Defence Information which may be likely to compromise the defence
     of the British Isles.
          -                         -
     S.27 International Relations Information which would prejudice relations
     with other States.
     S.40  - Personal Information - Personal data were living individuals can be
     identified from the information. Alsocovered by the Data Protection Act 1998.
     8. The information withheld relates to UK air defence radar performance,
     UAP studies in other countries, potential military use of UAPs and personal
     details of the report’s author and contributors and members of the public who
     have submitted ’sighting’ reports. It should also be noted that the report
     contains reference to unexplained RAF aircraft accidents and although some
     information has been withheld, it has been determined that under the FOIA,
     there are no justifiable grounds to withhold the information intotal.This
     section is also likely to attract media and public interest.
     PRESENTATIONAL ISSUES
     9. In anticipation of the expected reaction of the release of the report,
     suitable press lines have been prepared and these are attached for attention
     of the MOD Press Office.
.
..   10. The report is to be released to the requesters in hard copy but, in view of
     the anticipated level of interest and number of new requests for copies, the
     report has been scanned and will be posted on the MOD Freedom of
     Information website on the 15th May, where it can be viewed and downloaded
     by the general public.


     XXXXXXXXX /                                                                5.40
     DAS-FOI             /
     XXXXX /XXXXXMB                                                             5.40


     Authorised by:/
     XXXXXXXXX
     DAS-Sec AD
                                                                                5.40
     XXXXX XXXXXXMB /                                                           5.40
.
F
Part
             2004

D/DAS/64/1

             November
to
A 30                    YEAR
ANNEX Dated
                                      CONTENTS
                                                 1986 1986 1987 1987 1988 1988 1988 1989 1989 1989 1989 1989 1990 1990 1991 1991 1992 1992 1992 1993 1993 1993 1993 1993                                                                                                                                                                                                        1994 1994

                        AP ROXIMATE
                                      OF


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             incident
                        TITLE

                        FILE


                                                 Reports
                                                           Cor espondence
                                                                            Reports
                                                                                      Cor espondence
                                                                                                       Reports Reports
                                                                                                                         Cor espondence
                                                                                                                                          Reports Reports


                                                 UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFO UFOs 31 UFO UFO
                                                                                                                                                            Cor espondence Cor espondence Cor espondence
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Reports Reports Reports
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Cor espondence
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Reports
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Cor espondence Cor espondence
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Reports
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Cor espondence Cor espondence Cor espondence

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         -   UFO

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Alleged 1993

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        March
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Reports
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Cor espondence
.
Directorate ofInformation (Exploitation)-Access/AD


       Information Commissioner
       Wycliffe House
       Water Lane
       Wilmslow
       Cheshire
       SK9 5AF                                               Date:
                                                                                    Page 2 of3


                                                                           2 November 2004

Dear Sir,
Notification of new Classes of Information for Inclusion in the MO_D_EOI Publication
Schemlt:-_Reference Code: W1000004
References:   A. IC letter W1 000004 dated 12 November 2002
              B. Publication Schemes a Practical Guide: Part I ’Classes’
                   V2. dated April 03
The MOD FOr Publication Scheme, comprising originally of 111 Classes of Information,
received the Information Commissioner’s approval in November 2002 (Reference A).
In accordance with the instructions in Paragraph     10.4
                                                    of your guidance on publication
schemes (Reference B)I am writing to inform you of five new Classes of Information that it
is proposed to include in the MOD Publication Scheme.
In the light of public interest, the MOD wishes to release information in the following
category:
UFO sighting reports: UFO sighting reports received by MOD air staff in 1985
Correspondence about UFOs: Correspondence received by MOD air staff in 1985
This will form a series of classes for each year since 1985. However, given the work
involved in preparing the documents for publication we will concentrate on each year in
turn.
In addition, the following classes are proposed and it is confirmed that consideration has
been given to the public interest in the following topics:
Results of surveys determining the attitudes of servicemen from 2003 and each
consecutive year onwards: results of continuous attitude surveys carried out once a year
covering the Royal Navy, Royal Marines, Army and RAF
Trident Briefing Pack: Information about the Trident submarine programme covering
areas of public interest. Prepared and updated annually by the Strategic Weapon System
IPT of the Defence Logistics Organisation.

Documents relating to the UFO and Trident classes will be made available on the internet
site in due course. Results of the Continuous Attitude Surveys are already available in the
House of Commons Library and on the internet.
It is proposed that these should now form part of the MOD Publication Scheme.


07/06/2005
.   LOOSE MINUTE

    D/DAS/64/1
                                                                                          \~~
                                                                                            <’..r.",’".\."~’OIoSI:.(:.;, :~\-tr.\,.
                                                                                           i,-
                                                                                          (’          27.


    27 April 2004


    D UK-SOl AIR OPS 2
    DI BCR CG AD
    InfoAccess-PM4
    Info-Recordsl
    Copy to:
    DAS-SecAD
    DI BCR D
    DI55B
    InfoExp-AccessAD
    Hd of AHB

    UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS -NEW CLASSES OF INFORMATION FOR THE
    FREEDOM OF INFORMATION PUBLICATION SCHEME
    Reference A:D/DAS/64/1 dated 16 April 2003
              B:D/DAS/64/1 dated 23 May 2003
              C:D/DAS/64/1 dated 18 August 2003
              D:D/DI BCR/I0/8/3 dated 20 August 2003
    1.     Thank you for your comments late last year concerning the release ofinfonnation on
    UFOs into the MOD Freedom ofInfonnation Publication Scheme(PS). Taking into account
    your comments and advice from Info-Recordsl regarding future arrangements with The
    National Archives (TNA), I propose that we now proceed as follows.
    2       In light ofthe forthcoming access rights under the Freedom ofInfonnation Act,
    an exercise is already underway to consider whether files held at TNA which are due for
    release between 2006-2009 could be released in January 2005 or soon after. A final decision
    has yet to be made, but ifthis goes ahead it is likely that in the future, infonnation will be made
    available to the public immediately on transfer to TNA instead ofbeing held in the archive
    until the 30 yearpoint.   I therefore propose that to allow for a sufficient period between
    redacted infonnation appearing in the PS and the original material being fully open at TNA,
    the start date for inclusion in the PS should be revised to 1985 instead of 1980 as proposed in
    Reference C.

    3.      With regard to the new classes ofinfonnation I propose to start with two classes for
    each year from 1985 to date. The first would be titled ’UFOReports received by the MOD in
    1985’ and will contain all ofthe UFO reports received from members ofthe public, military
    personnel, civil pilots, air traffic controllers, policeman etc. As DIS files are currently
    unavailable due to the asbestos contamination in the OWOB basement area, we will include
    reports from DAS and D UK Air files only at this stage. To reflect this the class will include a
    note such as: ’This class does not include any UFO reports which may have been received by
.            possible during the
             period of my research   grant.
                                                                                     Page 4 of5


             My questions re the Data Protection Act refer to the content of the files: Le.
             the majority contain
             reports and correspondence from named members of the public and service
             personnel. The MoD
             have maintained in the past that they owe a duty to people who have
             reported incidents to them,
             and have used this to ensure that files must remain closed for 30 years.
             However, they have recently said they are now reviewing their files to see
             which UFO related
             material could be released under their FOIA Publication Scheme. With the
             FOIA arriving in Jan
             next year, they anticipate a flood of requests such as mine.
             I would be interested to know if they are prepared to release the 30 files
              currently at Kew covering
             the period 1975-1978 in January 2005.

             The files are listed below: (I have added approximate date of opening
             in brackets where available from PROCAT under the present 30 year rules).

             AIR 2/18874   UFO correspondence 1974-75 (2006)
             AIR 2/18920   UFO correspondence 1975 (2007)
             AIR 2/18921   UFO correspondence 1976 (2007?)
             DEFE 24/1206 UFO correspondence 1977 (2008)
             AIR 2/18961       UFO reports January 1975 (2006)
             AIR 2/18962       UFO reports February 1975 (2006)
             AIR 2/18963       UFO reports March 1975 (2006)
             AIR 2/18964       UFO reports April 1975 (2006)
             AIR 2/18965       UFO reports May 1975 (2006)
             AIR 2/18966       UFO reports June 1975 (2006)
             AIR 2/18967       UFO reports July 1975 (2006)
             AIR 2/18968       UFO reports December 1975 (2006)
             AIR 2/18920       UFO reports 1975-76 (2007)
             AIR 2/18921       UFO reports 1976 (2007)
             AIR 2/18949       UFO reports August 1975-June 1976 (2007)
             AIR 2/18969       UFO reports January 1976 (2007)
             AIR 2/18970       UFO reports February 1976 (2007)
             AIR 2/18971       UFO reports March 1976 (2007)
             AIR 2/18972       UFO reports April 1976 (2007)
             AIR 2/18973       UFO reports May 1976 (2007)
             AIR 2/18974       UFO reports June 1976 (2007)
             AIR 2/18975       UFO reports September 1976 (2007)
             AIR 2/18976       UFO reports October 1976 (2007)
             AI R 2/18977      UFO reports November 1977 (2007)
             AI R 2/18978      UFO reports December 1977 (2007)
             DEFE 24/977 UFOs: edited reports 1976-77 (2008)
             DEFE 24/978 UFO reports April-Sept 1977 (2008)
             DEFE 24/979 UFO reports Sept-Dee 1977 (2008)
             DEFE 71/34 UFO reports Jan-May 1977 (2008)
             DEFE 71/35 UFO reports June-Sept 1977 (2008)
             DEFE 24/1205 UFO reports Oct-Dee 1977 (2008)
             DEFE 24/1207 UFO reports Jan-March 1978 (2009).
             Please keep me informed of any response you receive from MoD if you
             submit these references


06/06/2005
..            already obtained
              a substantial amount of material from MoD towards my study, by applications under the
              current
              Code of Practice. However, I wish to access as much historical material as possible
              during the
                                                                                                      Page 3 of4


              period of my research   grant.
              My questions re the Data Protection Act refer to the content of the files: i.e. the majority
              contain
              reports and correspondence from named members of the public and service personnel.
              The MoD
              have maintained in the past that they owe a duty to people who have reported incidents
              to them,
              and have used this to ensure that files must remain closed for 30 years.
              However, they have recently said they are now reviewing their files to see which UFO
              related
              material could be released under their FOIA Pubiication Scheme. With the FOIA arriving
              in Jan
              next year, they anticipate a flood of requests such as mine.
              I would be interested to know if they are prepared to release the 30 files currently at Kew
              covering
              the period 1975-1978 in January 2005.
              The files are iisted below: (I have added approximate date of opening
              in brackets where available from PROCAT under the present 30 year rules).

              AIR 2/18874   UFO correspondence 1974-75 (2006)
              AIR 2/18920   UFO correspondence 1975 (2007)
              AIR 2/18921   UFO correspondence 1976 (2007?)
              DEFE 24/1206 UFO correspondence 1977 (2008)
              AIR 2/18961        UFO reports January 1975 (2006)
              AIR 2/18962        UFO reports February 1975 (2006)
              AIR 2/18963        UFO reports March 1975 (2006)
              AIR 2/18964        UFO reports April 1975 (2006)
              AIR 2/18965        UFO reports May 1975 (2006)
              AIR 2/18966        UFO reports June 1975 (2006)
              AIR 2/18967        UFO reports July 1975 (2006)
              AIR 2/18968        UFO reports December 1975 (2006)
              AIR 2/18920        UFO reports 1975-76 (2007)
              AIR 2/18921        UFO reports 1976 (2007)
              AIR 2/18949        UFO reports August 1975-June 1976 (2007)
              AIR 2/18969        UFO reports January 1976 (2007)
              AIR 2/18970        UFO reports February 1976 (2007)
              AIR 2/18971        UFO reports March 1976 (2007)
              AIR 2/18972        UFO reports April 1976 (2007)
              AIR 2/18973        UFO reports May 1976 (2007)
              AIR 2/18974        UFO reports June 1976 (2007)
              AIR 2/18975        UFO reports September 1976 (2007)
              AIR 2/18976        UFO reports October 1976 (2007)
              AIR 2/18977        UFO reports November 1977 (2007)
              AIR 2/18978        UFO reports December 1977 (2007)
              DEFE 24/977 UFOs: edited reports 1976-77 (2008)
              DEFE 24/978 UFO reports April-Sept 1977 (2008)
              DEFE 24/979 UFO reports Sept-Dec 1977 (2008)
              DEFE 71/34 UFO reports Jan-May 1977 (2008)
              DEFE 71/35 UFO reports June-Sept 1977 (2008)
              DEFE 24/1205 UFO reports Oct-Dec 1977 (2008)


 06/06/2005
"

    .   LOOSE MINUTE
        DIDAS/64/1
                                                                                           ~~  J. . . ~
                                                                                          (J\..OS
                                                                                         ~’l      ~,.


        18 August 2003

        DI BCR CO 4
        DAO-AIRC2-SOI
        InfoExp-Access AD
        Info-Access 4
        Info-RecordsI
        Copy to:
        DAS-LA-AD
        Hd ofAHB
        DI BCR D
        DI55B
        DI BCR CO AD
        DAO COORD JNCO

        REVIEW OF INFORMAnON HELD IN MOD ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYINO OBJECTS
        Refereuce A: DIDAS/64/1 dated 16 April 2003
        Reference B: DIDAS/64/1 dated 23 May 2003

        1.     Thank you for your inputs to the review ofUFO files for possible release into the
        public domain. I would now like to propose a way forward.
        2.     The review has revealed that MOD holds some 254 files which are known to contain
        information relating to UFOs. The files are held as follows:

               DAO-AIRC2-SOl - hold II files containing information :!Tom 1983 to date. All are to
               be examined for possible release.
               DI BCR CO 4 - hold 26 files containing information :!Tom 1977 to date. 22 files could
               possibly be released, but 21 ofthese are held in the Old War Office archive which is
               currently unavailable because of asbestos contamination. It is not yet known when
               these files will be accessible. The remaining file that could be reviewed contains
               material regarding a well known UFO incident about which DAS also hold a file.
               The DAS file contains a significant amount ofinternal correspondence and careful
               thought would need to be given before these papers are released. The four files not for
               release refer to DIS policy on UFOs.

               DAS - hold 210 files containing information :!Tom 1972 to date. 65 files have been
               reviewed by Info(Records)and are held in The National Archive awaiting release in the
               next few years. I propose that we leave these for release in the normal way and do not
               include them in this review. One file is already in the MOD FOI Publication Scheme
               (the Rendlesham Forest file). 108 files could be reviewed. The 36 which will remain
               closed include; 18 containing correspondence with persistent correspondents; II
               Parliamentary correspondence and enquiries; 6 Policy and one on the incident
.
    .          mentioned above. Some of these may be released in the future, but I do not propose to
               include them in this initial stage.
               Others - There are 7 files, in archives, the origin of which is not clear. Ifthe branches
               responsible for these can not be identified, DAS will review them for possible release.

        Conclusion:
        There are 254 files held by MOD and currently closed to the public. Excluding DIS files,
        126 ofthese could be examined forrelease.

        3.     The next step is to decide how to release this information. At our meeting in May, the
        following options for release were suggested.

               The MOD Freedom of Information Publication Scheme
               The three UFO Classes ofInformation already included in the MOD Publication
               Scheme have had over 48,000 hits, far more than any other Class in the Scheme. After
               the initial flurry of interest when these documents were released, correspondence to the
               Department regarding these papers has diminished, reducing work for DAS staff.
               Several ofour regular correspondents have asked when we will be adding new Classes
               to the Scheme and there has also been speculation in one ofthe best known UFO
               publications. At our meeting there was some concern about creating additional Classes
               because ofthe need to scan a large number ofdocuments. However, Information-
               Access 4 has established that providing the documents are prepared in a steady stream,
               Reprographics in St Giles Court would be able to perform this task ftee of charge.
               Earlv release offiles to The National Archive
               In order to release material into The National Archive ahead ofthe 30 year point all
               personal data has to be removed and dummy files created. The National Archive would
               then have to agree to store twice as many files, the dummy file which would be open to
               the public and the original. When the information reaches the 30 year point, the
               dummy would be removed and replaced by the original. This could mean that recent
               material would be released ahead ofolder files.
               Copies of files to be published in booklets to be purchased bv the Public
               A charge would have to be made in order to offset the cost ofprinting and distribution.
               The Public may question why this method ofrelease was chosen when we could have
               used the Publication Scheme and supplied the information ftee ofcharge. Legal advice
               would also have to be sought because of crown copy write issues.

        Conclusion
        The simplest and most cost effective way to release the UFO files appears to be through the
        Publication Scheme. This would make the material widely accessible, would enable the public
        to search for information electronically and is the quickest way ofplacing a large amount of
        information in the public domain before FOI access in January 2005. I therefore propose that
        this is the method adopted.

        4.     Finally, we need to decide in what year we should start this task and, the titles ofthe
        new Classes of Information. I do not wish to interfere with the normal review process for
        preparation offiles for The National Archive, so suggest we start with files ftom 1980. This
        would also fit logically with the ’Rendlesham Forest’ file already in the Publication Scheme
        which dates ftom this period. The files can be broadly split into three categories. UFO
What is BNSC


                 ~PNSC
                 ._:l’UStS Jrf l’~tH4At stAct ~;~N1’~l
                             BNSC                -
                                                                 ’


                                                                 I   Quick Find Menu
                                                                                             ’TI


                                                       What is BNSC :.;.;-:-,....-:....:.".:.".:.".:.,:
                              :,<:,,:<;:,:<;::,<:::~::::~::::::,::::~::::~: ,’:":’:’:";’:’:":’:’,;’:":":",", ......-......,’............   ’:;:’:’:;:;"’:""":’::":"’;’:’::’:’::"’:::::::’:’;::;:;:::;:;~:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (jjf;1f’’K"T( jff
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 L
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Page 1 of3 .


                                                                                                                                                                                                               Join our mailing list for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       news updates
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      . . . . . ! .-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       t~l~
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ~Ii
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ,~;;v~~
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        MJ~
                                           What is BNSC Welsh Translation                                                    -
                                           Space Industry I Space Research
 Latest News
 News Archive                              The British National Space Centre (BNSC)


                                                                                                                                                                                                            ~
 What is BNSC                              is a voluntary partnership, formed from
   Space Minister                          10 Government Departments and
   People                                  Research Councils, to coordinate UK civil
 Media Information                         space activity. Together their expenditure
   Press Summary                           on civil space amounts to around f170
   Press Releases                          million per year.
   Space Diary
   Media Links                               The Partnership Comprises:
   Speeches
 UK Space Policy                             Department of Trade and Industry                                                                                                                                  Links
  Review of BNSC                             Office of Science and Technoloqv                                                                                                                                    Space Links
 Space Evaluation Report                                                                                                                                                                                         Government Links
                                             Department for Transport                                                                                                                                            Industry
 UK Space Strategy
 Key Actions                                 Ministry of Defence                                                                                                                                               Publications
 Near Earth Objects Centre                   Foreiqn and Commonwealth Office                                                                                                                                     BNSC Leaflet Series
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Space Activities
 Regulatory Affairs                          Department for Environment. Food and                                                                                                                                Space UK
 Funding                                    Ru ral Affairs                                                                                                                                                     Glossary of Terms
 Export Strategy                                                                                                                                                                                               FAQs
 UK Space Sector                             Rutherford Appleton Laboratory
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Image Bank
                                             Natural Environment Research Council

                                                                                                                                                                                                            ~IJti.i;~;i.l~t~1r1~
 Sector Survey 2002
 Advisory Structu re
 Policy Decisions
                                             Particle Phvsics and Astronomv                                                                                                                                 .....!;!!’.I!.c:!’..l?i.r.!’.~~r.Y....
 Space Strategy Council
                                            Research Council
 Earth Observation                           Meteoroloqical Office
 Communications
 S@tcom Third Round                      BNSC believes in putting space to work
 Winners                                 for the benefit of all citizens, and aims to
 Navigation                              get the most scientific and economic
 Space Science                           value out of its activities in space. This is
  Space Projects                         why the UK’s civil space policy focuses
Technology                               strongly on cost-effectiveness in space
 Mosaic Programme                        programmes and investment is largely in
 Applications Technology                 areas with the greatest commercial
 Support Programme                       potential, such as Earth
 Partners                                observation, satellite communication and
                                         naviqation.

                                         At the centre of UK civil space policy,
                                         BNSC facilitates cooperation on the
                                         national and international level. By
                                         representing both academic and
                                         industrial interests, BNSC provides the
                                         UK space community with a strong voice
                                         in international negotiations.

                                        The UK is one of the world’s biggest
                                        users of space data and technology. UK
                                        civil space industry, with an estimated


http://www.bnsc.gov.uk/index.cfm?pid=229                                                                                                                                                                                           23/06/2003
..
 What is BNSC


                          workforce of around 6000 people, has a
                          turnover some three times government
                          expenditure, a ratio that compares
                          favourably with the US.
                          BNSC’s principal objectives, aiming to
                          build on this commercial success and to
                                                                       Page 2 of3


                          maintain the UK’s position at the
                          forefront of space science, are:

                             .   to foster the development of
                                 innovative technology, its
                                 commercial exploitation and its
                             .   application in research;
                                 to assist the UK space industry in
                                 maximising business opportunities,
                                 particularly in the
                                 telecommunications and navigation
                                 sectors, for the benefit of society
                             .   as a whole;
                                 to pursue highest quality space
                             .   science;
                                 to improve knowledge of the
                                 environment and its resources
                             .   through Earth Observation;
                                 to communicate the results and
                                 their significance to a broad
                                 audience.
                          The above policy goals were formulated
                          jointly by all the Departments and
                          Research Councils with interests in civil
                          space and are set out in detail in the
                          ’Space Strateov 1999-2002: New
                          Frontiers’. The new Space Strategy is
                          currently being developed.

                          Approximately 60 percent of UK civil
                          space expenditure is channelled through
                          the European Space Agency, ESA. The
                          UK was a founder member of ESA, which
                          provides cooperation in space science,
                          technology and applications among
                          European States. A joint European Space
                          Strategy combining EU strength in policy
                          making with ESA’s technological
                          expertise was adopted in November
                          2000, to provide a framework for
                          Europe-wide exploitation of satellite
                          technology in areas as diverse as
                          communications, navigation and Earth
                          observation. Discussions are now
                          underway for the negotiation of a
                          framework agreement to take the
                          strategy forward.

                          More detailed information on the UK
                          space industrv and space research, as


 http://www,bnsc,gov.uk/index.cfm?pid=229                              23/06/2003
..
What is BNSC


                         well as recent space-related news, press
                         releases and policy decisions, are also
                         available in English elsewhere on this
                         site.


                                                  Copyright I Disclaimer
                                                                           Page 3 of3


 http://www.bnsc.gov.uk/index.cfm?pid=229                                  23/06/2003
.
..
     LOOSE MINUTE
     D/DAS/64/1
     23 May 2003


     InfoExp-Access AD
     Info-Access 4
     Info(Records)I
     DI ISec 4
     DI55B
     DAO COORD JNCO
     DC&L(F&S)- Legal I
     DAS-LA-Ops+PolI
     Copy to:
     DAO-AIRC2-S0I
     Hd of ARB

    REVIEW OF INFORMATION HELD IN MOD ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING
    OBJECTS
    Reference A: DIDAS/64/1 dated 16 April 2003

     I.     I am grateful to those who attended, or were represented, at the meeting held on 15th
    May to discuss the information the MOD holds on UFOs and the possible release of material
    into the public domain. The following is a record of discussions and agreed
                                                                                actions.
    2.     All ofthose present recognised the continuing public interest in the subject of
    and agreed, in principle, with the proposal to release some ofthe information from UFOs
    closed MOD files, in order to reduce the workload likely to be generated requests   currently
    information under the future Freedom ofInformation Act (FOIA).            by          for

    3.      There was general agreement that any review offiles and subsequent release of
    information sqauld include all the UFO files held by DAS,DAO,DIS and
                                                                            any in archives,
    subject to resburce implications.

    4.     It was agreed that in order to fulfil MOD obligations to protect personal information
    under the Data Protection Act 1998, any release of information less than 30
                                                                                  years old, would
    involve the redaction of all personal data. On review of individual files it
                                                                                 may also be
    necessary to withhold information under exemptions ofthe Code ofPractice on Access to
    Government Information (the Code) and/or the    FOIA.  DC&L(F&S)-Legall offered to
    provide guidance on the definition and redaction of personal data.
..                                   AGENDA

     Introduction
     .      The purpose of the meeting is to discuss the material the MOD
     holds relating to UFOs and what we may be able to release into the FOI
     Publication Scheme to reduce workload caused by access requests.

     Public Interest

     .     There is a large public interest in the subject of UFOs. Since the
     launch of the FOI Publication Scheme in November 2002 the three UFO
     classes of information included in the Scheme have received over
     ............... hits.

     .     In addition DAS has received a number ofrequests for information
     lmder the Code, some from those making consecutive requests resulting
     in a considerable amount of staff time to complete.


     Reasons for reviewinl! UFO material
     .     Under the FOI Act we will have to state whether we hold the
     information requested. It is therefore important that we are aware of what
     we hold and where. Many of the UFO files have been in archives for a
     long time and current staff are not aware oftheir contents.
     .      The Code is not widely known, but the FOI Act is being publicised.
     Given the public interest in the subject, it is likely that there could be a
     significant increase in requests when access rights become active in
     January 2005.
     .      A significant amount ofthe information we hold is unclassified and
     non contentious, and would be released ifrequested.

     .     The information currently being released to those making requests
     under the Code is already putting into the public domain a large amount
     ofpreviously closed information.
..
     ..   For Discussion / ae:reement
          .      The review and release of material should not interfere with the
          final release of original documents to the PRO. (Info-Records to advise).

          .       As many requests are likely to be for "everything the MOD holds
          on ... ....", do we agree that the review of information for possible
          release should include all the known files/documents held by DAS,DAO,
          DIS and in archives?
          .     Do all branches have the resources to be able to review their own
          material?

          .     Any information released into the Publication Scheme must be
          conducted in a logical order.
          .     There should be consultation between DAO,DIS & DAS to insure
          consistency before information is released. i.e. That one branch is not
          releasing information withheld by another.
          .     The wording of new classes of information should be considered
          carefully to insure they reflect the material we intend to put in them.


          Action outcome of meetine:
          .     To insure we are aware of all the information held within the MOD
          on UFOs.

          .     To decide which files should be reviewed first.
          .     To decide the title ofthe class of information in which to put this
          information. i.e. UFO Reports received by MOD 1980-81.

          .     To agree what information should be redacted across all files. i.e.
          Personal data uoder the DPA.
          .     Estimated timescale for completion of this initial phase.
         .             released, to sanitise it before release - at the very least to remove personal details
                       of the constituent. Of course, as you say, this process will become complicated if
                       the MP is no longer in office. There is also a grey area about whether an MP has
                       ’personal’ status when carrying out his professional/public duty. In general, I think
                       the assumption and working practi should be to answer requests by providing
                       information in a way that avoids disclosing details such as names and addresses
                       where there is any reason to doubt that this will be ac ptable to the person   -
                                        -
                       including an MP con rned. I am adding CL(FS)-Legal 1 to the distribution of this
                       minute as some authoritative guidan or case law on the point may well have
                       emerged from operation of the Data Protection    Act.   However, as with many of the
                       practical issues associated with release of information, I think there will be a need to
                       make pragmatic judgements in the context of individual requests.
                       Charaina for Information
                       Your question here was related to the ethics of making information freely available
                       when its provision to the original applicant involved the payment of a fee. In
                       particular you asked whether it would be reasonable to delay putting information in
                       the Publication Scheme in order to allow that person a period of exclusive use. I
                       don’t see why there should be any objection to this in principle. It is open to a
                       public authority to define Classes of Information in the way it sees fit.Provided
                       information is actually published in accordan with the commitment that has been
                      given then there can be no cause for criticism. The classes in a scheme have to be
                      approved by the Information Commissioner but, unless there is something distinctly
                      unreasonable about the way an obligation is defined (for example, an undertaking


   ~"Q \~ mont~s reque~t
                      to publish information but only after several years have elapsed), it is difficult to
                      envisage objection. So, if you wished, I think it would be possible to say that
                ’" "1 information released in response to individual requests will be published within, say,
                                                                   ~ince ~il.1
 ~        ’,y,-y’ 3
       h’(O"
-\.}:,/0 r’yl"
f’lC-)
  ~.
                      to publish
                                 of the
                                 the
                                                being ans.wered.
                                      Information electronically I think
                      allow a lead time for converting the paper records.
                       Voluminous Reauests
                                                                           .it
                                                                         this  IS In
                                                                                    presumably be the intention
                                                                                     any case reasonable to


                    You are right in saying that, unlike the current Code of Practi , the FOI Act does
                    not include an exemption for voluminous and vexatious requests. There is a
                    provision (s.14 of the Act) which says that a public authority does not have to
                    respond to vexatious requests or "a subsequent identical or substantially similar
                    request", but this does not address the issue of volume. The limiting factor here will
                    be separate Fees Regulations made under the         Act.In essen these regulations
                    will allow public authorities to impose a iling (known as the ’appropriate limit’) on
                    the amount of effort associated with responding to a request: at present the
                    ’appropriate limit’ has been set at E600. Under the regulations 10% of the
                    ’prescribed costs’ of the effort incurred can be charged to the applicant. These
                                                             -                    -
                    ’prescribed costs’ relate solely to the essentially clerical tasks associated with
                    locating and retrieving the relevant information, putting it into a format requested by

                 1.1
                    the applicant, reproduction and postage. It is relevant to bear in mind that there is a
                    presumption that public authorities know what information they hold and that, by              I
                  I implication, it should therefore be retrievable without too much effort. It is also
                    important to note that the time and cost of effort involved in reviewing the records
                    (e.g. to decide whether an exemption applies) cannot be taken into account. There
.   UNIDENTIFED FLYING OBJECT (UFO)FlLES
    DEFENCE INTELLIGENCE STAFF
                                                               Annex A to DfDAS/64/1
                                                               dated 16 April 2003


    Files ODen for viewinl! at the Public Record Office (PRO)
    FILE REF              DATE OF                  TITLE                   STATUS
                        CONTENTS
    DEFE 19/9           1948-60             Scientific Intelligence   MOD, Centml Defence
                                                                      Scientific Staff and
                                                                      predecessor registered
                                                                      files (CSA,AE 1 & A
                                                                      series) and papers
                                                                      Ref: CSAlALPHlSI
                                                                      FILE REMAINS
                                                                      CLOSED but included
                                                                      DSIIITIC Report N07
                                                                      Extmcted and released
                                                                      in DEFE 44/U9
    DEFE41/I17          1949-S0             Unorthodox Aircraft       Foreign Office & MOD
                                                                      Scientific & Teclmical
                                                                      Intelligence Bmnch and
                                                                      Overseas Liaison
                                                                      Bmnch register file
                                                                      Open at PRO
                                                                      Ref: 9017/8 Voll
    DEFE 10/496         19S0 (April)to      Minutes of Meetings       Directomte of
                        19S I (December)                              Scientific Intelligence
                                                                      and Joint Technical
                                                                      Intelligence Committee
                                                                      file
                                                                      ODen at PRO
    DEFE 4l/74          19S0                DSIIJTIC Minutes          Foreign Office & MOD
                                                                      Scientific & Technical
                                                                      Intelligence Bmnch and
                                                                      Overseas Liaison
                                                                      Branch register file
                                                                      Open at PRO
                                                                      Ref:600S/8/D 17 VDl4
    DEFE 44/119         19S1                DSIIJSTI Report No.7      MOD Scientific &
                                                                      Technical Intelligence
                                                                      Bmnch Report.
                                                                      Released under the
                                                                      Code ofPractice on
                                                                      Access to Gov Info.
                                                                      Now Open at PRO
                                                                      Released 2002
.   DEFE 41/75              1951                    DSI/JTIC Minutes      Foreign Office & MOD
                                                                          Scientific & Teclmical
                                                                          Intelligence Branch and
                                                                          Overseas Liaison
                                                                          Branch register file
                                                                          Open at PRO
                                                                          Ref:6005/8/O 17 Vol 5
    DEFE 4]/76              1952-54                 DSI/JTIC Minutes      Foreign Office & MOD
                                                                          Scientific & Teclmical
                                                                          Intelligence Branch and
                                                                          Overseas Liaison
                                                                          Branch register file
                                                                          Open at PRO
                                                                          Ref:6005/8/O 17 Vol 6
    DEFE 10/497             1952 (January)to        Minutes of Meetings   Directorate of
                            1954 (October)                                Scientific Intelligence
                                                                          and Joint Teclmical
                                                                          Intelligence Conuuittee
                                                                          file
                                                                          Open at PRO
    DEFE 41/153             1953-54                 DSIIJTIC papers       Foreign Office & MOD
                                                                          Scientific & Teclmical
                                                                          Intelligence Branch and
                                                                          Overseas Liaison
                                                                          Branch register file
                                                                          Open at PRO
                                                                          Ref: Dl9!Vol 5
    DEFE 311118             1958-63                 UFO Policy            Delence Intelligence
                                                                          Staff Registered file
                                                                          Open at PRO
                                                                          Ref: D1/55/40/9/1 Ptl
    DEFE 311119             1963-67                 UFO Policy            Defence Intelligence
                                                                          Staff Registered file
                                                                          Open at PRO
                                                                          Ref: DII55/40/9/1 PI 2


    Files known or thoueht to have been destroved
    FILE REF                  DATE OF                     TITLE                STATUS
                            CONTENTS
    D/OI55/108/15 PI 3      1968-71                 UFO Policy            Defence Intelligence
                                                                          Staff Registered file
                                                                          FILE DESTROYED
                                                                          8 Aug 1984
    D/OI55/108/15/1 Pt 10   NIK (but before 1977)   UAP -Incident         Defence Intelligence
                                                                          Staff Registered file
                                                                          PRESUMED
                                                                          DESTROYED- DATE
                                                                          NOT KNOWN
    D/OI55/108/15/1 Pt 11   NIK (but before 1977)   UAP -Incident         Delence Intelligence
                                                                          Staff Registered file
                                                                          PRESUMED
                                                                          DESTROYED- DATE
                                                                          NOT KNOWN
.   DID155/108/15/1 Pt 12


    DID155/108/15/1 Pt 13
                            NIK (but before 1977)


                            NIK (but before 1977)
                                                    UAP -Incident


                                                    UAP -Incident
                                                                     Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED- DATE
                                                                     NOT KNOWN
                                                                     Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED- DATE
                                                                     NOT KNOWN
    DID155/108/15/1 PI 14   NIK (butbefore 1977)    UAP -Incident    Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED- DATE
                                                                     NOT KNOWN
    DID155/108/15/1 Pt 15   NIK (but before 1977)   U AP -Incident   Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED- DATE
                                                                     NOT KNOWN
    DID155/108/15/1 Pt 14   NIK (but before 1977)   UAP -Incident    Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED- DATE
                                                                     NOT KNOWN
    DIDI55/108/I5/1 PI 15   NIK (butbefore 1977)    UAP -Incident    Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED- DATE
                                                                     NOT KNOWN
    DIDI55/1081l5/1 Pt 16   NIK (but before 1977)   UAP -Incident    Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED- DATE
                                                                     NOT KNOWN
    DIDI551108115/I Pt 17   NIK (butbefore 1977)    UAP -Incident    Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED- DATE
                                                                     NOT KNOWN
    DID155/108/1511 PI 18   NIK (but before 1977)   UAP -Incident    Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED-DATE
                                                                     NOT KNOWN
    DIDI55/108115/1 Pt 19   NIK (but before 1977)   UAP -Incident    Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED- DATE
                                                                     NOT KNOWN
    DID1551108/15/1 PI 20   NIK (butbefore 1977)    UAP -Incident    Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED- DATE
                                                                     UNKNOWN
.   D/OI55/108/15/1 Pt 26


    D/OI55/108/15/1 PI 27
                            NIK (Between 1977 &
                            1983)


                            NIK (Between 1977 &
                            1983
                                                    UAP -Incident


                                                    U AP -Incident
                                                                     Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED -
                                                                     DATE UNKNOWN
                                                                     Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED -
                                                                     DATE UNKNOWN
    D/OI55/108/15/1 Pt 28   NIK (Between 1977 &     UAP -Incident    Defence Intelligence
                            1983                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED -
                                                                     DATE UNKNOWN
    D/OI55/108/15/1 Pt 29   NIK (Between 1977 &     UAP -Incident    Defence Intelligence
                            1983                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED -
                                                         .           DATE UNKNOWN
    DI55/108/15/1 PI 30     NIK (Between 1977 &     U AP -Incident   Defence Intelligence
                            1983                                     StalIRegistered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED -
                                                                     DATE UNKNOWN
    D/0155/108/15/1 Pt 31   NIK (Between 1977 &     UAP -Incident    Defence Intelligence
                            1983                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     PRESUMED
                                                                     DESTROYED -
                                                                     DATE UNKNOWN
    D/OI55 /108/15/1 PI 33 NIK (Probably 1983)      U AP Incident    Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered File
                                                                     FILE DESTROYED
                                                                     30.11.1992


    Files held in Directorates and Archives
    FILE REF                  DATE OF                        TITLE        STATUS
                            CONTENTS
    D/OI55/108/15 PI 4      1971-96                 UFO Policy       Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     Held in DIS
    D/OI55/108/15/1 Pt 1    NIK (but before 1977)   UFO -Incidents   Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     Held in DIS
    _D/OI55/108/15/1 Pt 2   NIK (butbefore 1977)    UFO -Incidents   Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     Held in DIS
    D/OI55/108/15/1 PI 3    NIK (butbefore 1977)    UFO -Incidents   Defence Intelligence
                                                                     Staff Registered file
                                                                     Held ill DIS
.   D/0155/108/15/1 Pt4


    D/0155/108/15/1 Pt 5


    D/0155/108/15/1 PI 6
                            N/K (but before 1977)


                            N/K (butbefore 1977)


                            N/K (but before 1977)
                                                    UFO -Ineidents

                                                    UFO -Incidents

                                                    UFO -Incidents
                                                                      Defence Intelligence
                                                                      Staff Registered file
                                                                      Held in DIS
                                                                      Defence Intelligence
                                                                      Staff Registered file
                                                                      Held in DIS
                                                                      Defence Intelligence
                                                                       Staff Registered file
                                                                      Held in DIS
    D/0155/108/15/1 PI 7    N/K (but before 1977)   UFO -Incidents    Defence Intelligence
                                                                       Staff Registered file
                                                                      Held in DIS
    D/0155/108/15/1 Pt 8    N/K (but before 1977)   UFO -Incidents    Defence Intelligence
                                                                      Staff Registered file
                                                                      Held in DIS
    D/0155/108/15/1 Pt 9    N/K (but before 1977)   UFO -Incidents    Defence Intelligence


                                                                                                    ~
                                                                      Staff Registered file
                                                                      Held in DIS
    D/0155/108/15/1 Pt 21   1977                    UFO - Incidents   Defence Intelligence
                                                                      Staff Registered file
                                                                      Held at Records I
    D/OI55/108/15/1 Pt 22   1977                    UFO -Incidents    Defence Intelligence
                                                                      Staff Registered file    .<j
    D/OI55/108/]5/1 Pt 23


    D/OI55/108/15/1 Pt 24
                            1977


                            1977
                                                    UFO -Incidents

                                                    UFO -Incidents
                                                                      Held at Records I
                                                                      Defence Intelligence
                                                                      Staff Registered file
                                                                      Held at Records I
                                                                      Defence Intelligence
                                                                                                    ..
                                                                      Staff Registered file     ^"iJ::’-
                                                                      Held at Records 1
    D/OI55/108/15/1 Pt25    1977                    UFO- Incidents    Defence Intelligence
                                                                      Staff Registered file
                                                                      Held at Records 1
    D/0155/108/15/1 Pt 32   1978(Feb)to             UFO -Incidents    Defence Intelligence
                            1983 (Jan)                                Staff Registered file
                                                                      Held in DIS
                                                                      File is a compilation of
                                                                      papers, not complete
                                                                      for whole Derio<!.
    D/OI55/108/15/1 pt 34   1983 (June)to           UFO -Incidents    Defence Intelligence
                            1985 (March)                              Staff Registered File
                                                                      File held in DIS
    D/0155/108/15/1 PI 35   1985 (April)to              -
                                                    UFO Incidents     Defence Intelligence
                            1986 (Dec)                                Staff Registered File
                                                                      He]d in DIS
    DIDI55/108/15/1         1986 (Dec)to                -
                                                    UFO Incidents     Defence Intelligence
    PI 36A                  1987 (Nov                                 Staff Registered File
                                                                      Held in DIS
    D/0155/108/15/1         1987 (Nov)to                -
                                                    UFO Incidents     Defence Intelligence
    Pt36B                   1988 (July)                               Staff Registered File
                                                                      Held in DIS
    D/0155/108/15/1         1988 (Aug)to                -
                                                    UFO Incidents     Defence Intelligence
    Pt37                    1989 (Jnly)                               Staff Registered File
                                                                      Held in DIS
    D/0155/108/15/1
    Pt38
                            1989 (July-Dec)             -
                                                    UFO Incidents     Defence Intelligence
                                                                      Stili Registered File
                                                                      Held in DIS
.   D/DI55/108/15/1
    Pt39

    D/DI55/108/15/l
    Pt40

    D/DI55/108/15/1
                           1990 (Jan)to
                           1991 (June)

                           1991 (June)to
                           1992 (Jan)

                           1992 (Feb)to
                                              UFO- Incidents

                                              UFO- Incidents

                                              UFO -Incidents
                                                                       Defence Intelligence
                                                                       Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DIS
                                                                       Defence Intelligence
                                                                       Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DIS
                                                                       Defence Itelligence
    PI 41                  1993 (April)                                Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DIS
    D/DI55/108/l5/l        1993 (April-Oct)   UFO -Incidents           Defence Intelligence
    Pt 42                                                              Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DIS
    D/D155/108/15/2 Pt I   1993               Title Unknown            Defence Intelligence
                                                                       Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DlS
    D/DI55/l08/15/1        1993 (Oct)to       UFO -Incidents           Defence Intelligence
    Pt43                   1994 (Jan)                                  Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DIS
    D/DDI55/l08/15/1       1994 (Jan-May)     UFO -Incidents           Defence Intelligence
    Pt 44                                                              Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DIS
    D/DI55/108/15/1        1994 (June-Nov)    UFO -Incidents           Defence Intelligence
    Pt45                                                               Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DIS
    D/D155/108/l5/l        1994 (Nov)to       UFO -Incidents           Defence Intelligence
    Pt46                   1995 (May)                                  Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DIS
    D/D155/108/15/1        1995 (June)to           -
                                              UFO Incidents            Defence Intelligence
    PI 47                  1996 (Jan)                                  Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DIS
    D/DI55/108/15/1        1994 (Nov)to       UFO - Incidents          Defence Intelligence
    Pt46                   1995 (May)                                  Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DIS
    D/DI55/l08/l5/1        1995 (June)to          -
                                              UFO Incidets             Defence Intelligence
    Pt47                   1996 (Jan)                                  Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DIS
    D/DI55/108/l5/1        1996 (Feb- July)   UFO - Incidents          Defence Intelligence
    Pt 48                                                              Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DIS
    D/DI55/l08/15/1        1996 (Aug-Oct)     UFO -Incidents           Defence Intelligence
    Pt49                                                               Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DIS
    D/D155/l08/15/1        1996 (Nov)to       UFO- Incidents           Defence Intelligence
    Pt 50                  1997 (Dec)                                  Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DIS
    D/DI55/l08/15 Pt 5     1996-2000          UFO Policy               Defence Intelligence
                                                                       Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DIS
    D/DI55/108/15/1        1997 (Jan)to       UFO - Incidents          Defence Intelligence
    PI 51                  2002                                        Staff Registered File
    D/DI55/108/15 PI 6


    I)fDI55/108/15/2
                           2000 - 2002        UAP - Policy

                                                   -
                                              UFO Cosford
                                                                       Held in DlS
                                                                       Defence Itelligence
                                                                       Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in DIS
                                                                       I)efence Iutelligence
                                                                                               ~’
                                              Incident Investigation   Staff Registered File
                                                                       Held in ms
.   UNIDENTIFIED FLYiNG OBJECTS (UFO)FILES
    DIRECTOR OF AIR OPERATIONS
                                                            Annex B to DillAS/64/1
                                                            Dated 16 April 2003


    Files ODen for viewinl! at the Public Record Office (PRO)
    None.


    Files known or thoul!ht to have been destroved
    FILE REF                DATE OF                      TITLE                STATUS
                          CONTENTS
    DIAir Def/II 1/6/4    1988 (Last Ene 9.4.88)   Command, Control,     MOD Registered file
    PIA                                            Communication &       FILE DESTROYED
                                                   Information -Air      15.11.1989
                                                   Traffic Control-Low
                                                   Flying UFOs
    DIAir Def /111/6/4    I 988(Last Ene 2.8.88)   Command,Control,      MOD Registered file
    PtB                                            Commnnication &       FILE DESTROYED
                                                   Information -Air      2.8.1988
                                                   Traffic Control-Low
                                                   Flying UFOs
    DIAir Def1111/6/4     1989(Last Ene 27.1.89)   Command,Control,      MOD Registered file
    PtC                                            Commnnication &       FILE DESTROYED
                                                   Information -Air      15.11.1989
                                                   Traffic Control-Low
                                                   Flying UFOs
    DIAir Def1111/6/4     1989(Last Ene            Command,Control,      MOD Registered file
    PtD                   17.10.89                 Communication &       FILE DESTROYED
                                                   Information -Air      26.11.1982
                                                   Traffic Control-Low
                                                   Flying UFOs
    DlAir Def1111/6/4     1990                     Command, Control,     MOD Registered file
    PtE                                            Communication &       FILE DESTROYED
                                                   Information -Air      26.11.1991
                                                   Traffic Control-Low
                                                   Flying UFOs


    Files held in Directorates and Archives
    FILE REF                DATE OF                      TITLE                STATUS
                          CONTENTS
    DIAir Def/lll/6/4     1991 (From 15.3.91)      Command,Control,      MOD Registered file
    PtF                                            Communication &       Held in Records 2
                                                   Information -Air      (Hayes)
                                                   Traffic Control-Low
                                                   Flying UFOs
    DIAir Def/ II 1/6/4   1992 (From   4.1.92)     Command, Control,     MOD Registered fIle
    PtG                                            Communication &       Held in Records 2
                                                   Infonnation -Air      (Hayes)
                                                   Traffic Control-Low
                                                   Flying UFOs
.   0/Air Def111116/4
    PtH


    DIDAOll1l3 PI A
                        1995 (From6.IL95)


                        1995-96
                                            Command, Control,
                                            Communication &
                                            Information -Air
                                            Traffic Coutrol-Low
                                            Flying UFOs
                                            ADGE - UFO Reports
                                                                  MOD Registered file
                                                                  Held in Records 2
                                                                  (Hayes)

                                                                  MOD Registered file
                                                                  Opened 6.1.1995
                                                                  (Held in Records 2
                                                                  Haves)
    DIDAO/lI13 PtB      1996-97             ADGE- UFO Reports     MOD Registered file
                                                                  Opened 8.12.1996
                                                                  (Held in Records 2
                                                                  Haves)
    DIDAOIlIl3 Pt C     1997-1999           ADGE- UFO Reports     MOD Registered file
                                                                  Opened 13.12.1997
                                                                  (Held in Records 2
                                                                  Haves)
    DIDAO/113 Pt 0      1999 - 2001         ADGE- UFO Reports     MOD Registered file
                                                                  Opened 16.11.1999
                                                                  (Held in Records 2
                                                                  Haves)
    DIDAO/lI13 Pt E     2001 -2002          ADGE- UFO Reports     MOD Registered file
                                                                  Opened 13.12.1997
                                                                  Held in DAO
.   ..


         UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)FILES
         DIRECTORATE OF AIR STAFF
         Files ODen for viewiul!: at the Public Record Office (PRO)
                                                                     Annex C to DillAS/64/1
                                                                     dated 16 April 2003


         FILE REF              DATE OF                  TITLE                  STATUS
                             CONTENTS
         AIR 2/18564         1957.71              UFO Reports:             Air Ministry 1 MOD
                                                  West Freugh 1957         registered file
                                                                           Open at PRO
                                                                           Ref AF/CX1295/72
         AIR 2/16918         1961-{j3             UFO Sightings, reports
                                                  by members of the
                                                                           MOD registered file
                                                                           Open at PRO
                                                  public                   Ref AFIX59/64 PI 5
         AIR 2/17318         1963                 UFO Sightings, reports   MOD registered file
                                                  by members of the        Open at PRO
                                                  public                   Ref AF/X59164 Pt 6
         AIR 2/17528         1964                 UFO Sightings, reports   MOD registered file
                                                  by members ofthe         Open at PRO
                                                  public                   Ref AFIX59/64 PI 7
         AIR 2/17527         1965                 UFO Sightings, reports   MOD registered file
                                                  by members ofthe         Open at PRO
                                                  public                   Ref AF/X59/64 Pt 7
         AIR 2/17982         1965.66              UFO Sightings, reports   MOD registered file
                                                 by members ofthe          Open at PRO
                                                 public                    Ref AFIX59/64 Pt 9
         AIR 2/17983         1966                UFO Sightings, reports    MOD registered file
                                                 by members ofthe          Open at PRO
                                                 public                    Ref AF/X59/64 Pt 10
         AIR 2/17984         1966.67             UFO Sightings, reports    MOD registered file
                                                 by members of the         Open at PRO
                                                  public                   Ref AF/X59/64 Pt 11
         AIR 20/11887        1967 (August)        Unidentified Flying      MOD Unregistered
                                                  Objects                  papers. Open at PRO
                                                                           RefID48/44
                                                                           AF/S4F(Air)507
         AIR 20111888        1967 (September)     Unidentified Flying      MOD Unregistered
                                                  Objects                  papers. Open at PRO
                                                                           Ref ID48/45
                                                                           AF/S4f(Air)508
         AIR 20111889        1967 (October)      Unidentified Flying       MOD Unregistered
                                                 Objects                   papers. Open at PRO
                                                                           RefID48/46 Pt I
                                                                           AF/S4f(Air)509
         AIR 20/11890        1967 (October)      Unidentified Flying       MOD Unregistered
                                                 Objects                   papers. Open at PRO
                                                                           Ref ID48/46 Pt 2
                                                                           AF/S4f(Air)509
         AIR 201111891       1967 (November)     Unidentified Flying       MOD Unregistered
                                                 Objects                   papers. Open at PRO
                                                                           Ref lD48/67 Pll
                                                                           AF/S4f(Air)51O
.   AIR 20/11892


    AIR 20111893
                   1967 (November)


                   1967 (December)
                                      Unidentified Flying
                                      Objects


                                      Unidentified Flying
                                      Objects
                                                                MOD Unregistered
                                                                papers. Open at PRO
                                                                Ref 1048/67 Pt 2
                                                                AF/S4f(Air)51O
                                                                MOD Unregistered
                                                                papers. Open at PRO
                                                                Ref 1048/68
                                                                AF/S4f(Air)511
    AIR 2/18115    1967               Unidentified Flying       MOD registered file
                                      Objects: reports          Open at PRO
                                                                Ref AFICX38/67 PI 1
    AIR 2/18116    1967               Unidentified Flying       MOD registered file
                                      Objects: reports          Open at PRO
                                                                Ref AFICX38/67 PI 2
    AIR 2/18117    1967-68            Unidentified Flying
                                      Objects: reports
                                                                MOD registered file
                                                                Open at PRO
                                                                Ref AF/CX38/67 PI 3
    AIR 20111612   1967-68            Unidentified Flying       MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects                   papers. Open at PRO
                                                                RefMR 073414
    AIR 2/19126    1967-73            Statistical analysis of   MOD Registered file
                                      UFOs                      Open at PRO
                                                                Ref S4f(Air)U/506
    AIR 20111694   1968 (Jannary)     Unidentified Flying       MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects                   papers. Open at PRO
                                                                Ref 1048/69
                                                                AF/S4F(Air)513
    AIR 20/11695   1968 (February)    Unidentified Flying       MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects                   papers. Open at PRO
                                                                Ref 1048/70
                                                                AF/S4F(Air)513
    AIR 20/11894   1968 (March)       Unidentified Flying       MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects                   papers. Open at PRO
                                                                Ref 1048/71
                                                                AF/S4f(Air)514
    AIR 20111895   1968 (April)       Unidentified Flying       MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects                   papers. Open at PRO
                                                                Ref 10/48/72
                                                                AF/S4F(Air1515
    AIR 20/11896   1968 (May)         Unidentified Flying       MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects                   papers. Open at PRO
                                                                Ref 10/48/73
                                                                AF/S4f(Air)516
    AIR 20/11897   1968 (June)        Unidentified Flying       MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects                   papers. Open at PRO
                                                                Ref 10/48/74
                                                                AF/S4f(Air)517
    AIR 20111898   1968 (July)        Unidentified Flying       MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects                   papers. Open at PRO
                                                                Ref 10/48/75
                                                                AF/S4tAir)518
    AIR 20111899   1968 (August)      Unidentified Flying       MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects                   papers. Open at PRO
                                                                Ref 10/48/76
                                                                AF/S4f(Air)519
    AIR 20111900   1968 (September)   Unidentified Flying       MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects                   papers. Open at PRO
                                                                Ref 10/48/77
                                                                AF/S4f(Air)520
.   AIR 20/1190I


    AIR 20/11902
                   1968 (October)


                   1968 (November)
                                      Unidentified Flying
                                      Objects

                                      Unidentified Flying
                                      Objects
                                                            MOD Unregistered
                                                            papers. Open at PRO
                                                            Ref ID/48/78
                                                            AF/S4f(Air)52I
                                                            MOD Unregistered
                                                            papers. Open at PRO
                                                            Ref ID/48/79
                                                            AF/S4f(Air)522
    AIR 20/11696   1968 (December)    Unidentified Flying   MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects               papers. Open at PRO
                                                            Ref ID48/80
                                                            AF/S4F(Air)523
    AIR 2/18183    1968-69            Unidentified Flying   MOD registered file
                                      Objects               Open at PRO
                                                            Ref AF/7463/72 Pt 2
    AIR 20/12055   1969 (January)     Unidentified Flying   MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects               papers. Open at PRO
                                                            Ref ID/48/81
                                                            AF/S4f!Air)524
    AIR 20/12056   1969 (February)    Unidentified Flying   MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects               papers. Open at PRO
                                                            Ref ID/48/82
                                                            AF/S4f(Air)525
    AIR 20/12057   1969 (March)       Unidentified Flying   MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects               papers. Open at PRO
                                                            Ref ID/48/83
                                                            AF/S4f(Air)526
    AIR 20/12058   1969 (April)       Unidentified Flying   MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects               papers. Open at PRO
                                                            Ref ID/48/84
                                                            AF/S4f(Air)527
    AIR 20/12059   1969 (May)         Unidentified Flying   MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects               papers. Open at PRO
                                                            Ref ID/48/85
                                                            AF/S4f(Air)528
    AIR 20/12060   1969 (June)        Unidentified Flying   MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects               papers. Open at PRO
                                                            Ref ID/48/86
                                                            AF/S4f(Air)529
    AIR 20/12061   1969 (My)          Unidentified Flying   MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects               papers. Open at PRO
                                                            Ref ID/48/87
                                                            AF/S4f(Air)530
    AIR 20/12062   1969 (August)      Unidentified Flying   MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects               papers. Open at PRO
                                                            Ref ID/48/88
                                                            AF/S4f(Air)53 I
    AIR 20/12063   1969 (September)   Unidentified Flying   MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects               papers. Open at PRO
                                                            Ref ID/48/89
                                                            AF/S4f(Air)532
    AIR 20/12064   1969 (October)     Unidentified Flying   MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects               papers. Open at PRO
                                                            Ref ID/48/90
                                                            AF/S4f(Air)533
    AIR 20/12065   1969 (November)    Unidentified Flying   MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects               papers. Open at PRO
                                                            Ref ID/48/91
                                                            AF/S4f(Air)534
.   AIR 20/12066


    AIR 20/12067
                   1969 (December)


                   1970 (Jannary)
                                      Unidentified Flying
                                      Objects

                                      Unidentified Flying
                                      Objecls
                                                              MOD Umegistered
                                                              papers. Open al PRO
                                                              Ref ID/48/92
                                                              AF/S4f(Air)535
                                                              MOD Umegistered
                                                              papers. Open at PRO
                                                              Ref ID/48/93
                                                              AF/S4f(Air)536
    AIR 20/12297   1970 (February)    Unidentified Flying     MOD Umegistered
                                      Objects                 papers. Open at PRO
                                                              Ref ID/48/94
                                                              AF/S4f(Air)537
    AIR 20/12298   1970 (March)       Unidentified Flying     MOD Umegistered
                                      Objects                 papers. Open at PRO
                                                              Ref ID/48/95
                                                              AF/S4f(Air)538
    AIR 20/12299   1970 (April)       Unidentified Flying     MOD Umegistered papers.
                                      Objects                 Open at PRO
                                                              Ref ID/48/96
                                                              AF/S4f(Air)539
    AIR 20/12300   1970 (May)         Unidentified Flying     MOD Umegistered
                                      Objects                 papers. Open at PRO
                                                              Ref ID/48/97 .
                                                              AF/S4f(Air)540
    AIR 20/12301   1970 (Jnne)        Unidentified Flying     MOD Unregistered
                                      Objects                 papers. Open at PRO
                                                              Ref ID/48/98
                                                              Af/s4F(Air)541
    AIR 20/12302   1970 (July)        Unidentified Flying     MOD Umegistered
                                      Objects                 papers. Open at PRO
                                                              Ref ID/48/99
                                                              AF/S4f(Air)542
    AIR 20/12303   1970 (August)      Unidentified Flying     MOD Umegistered
                                      Objects                 papers. Open al PRO
                                                              Ref ID/48/]00
                                                              AF/S4fIAir)543
    AIR 20/12304   1970 (September)   Unidentified Flying     MOD Umegistered
                                      Objects                 papers. Open al PRO
                                                              Ref ID/48/101
                                                              AF/S4f(Air)544
    AIR 20/]2305   1970 (October)     Unidentified Flying     MOD Umegistered
                                      Objects                 papers. Open at PRO
                                                              Ref ID/48/102
                                                              AF/S4f(Air)545
    A]R 20/12306   1970 (November)    Unidentified Flying     MOD Unregistered
                                      Objeels                 papers. Open al PRO
                                                              Ref ID/48/103
                                                              AF/S4f(Air)546
    AIR 2/18565    1970-71            UFO Reports             MOD Registered file
                                                              Open at PRO
                                                              Ref AF/7463/72 PI3
    AIR 2/19086    1970 (01 May)to    UFO Policy and Policy   MOD Registered file
                   1971 (3]August)    Statements              Open al PRO
                                                              Ref AF/3459/75
    AIR 2/19119    ]971-72            UFOs: Man Alive         MOD Registered file
                                      progranune BB2          Open at PRO
                                                              Ref: AF/419
.   AIR 20112399

    AIR 20/12400

    AIR 20/]2401
                   1971-72

                   1972 (January)


                   1972 (February)
                                      UFO Reports

                                      UFO Reports

                                      UFO Reports
                                                         MOD Unregistered
                                                         papers. Open at PRO
                                                         ReflDI471274 Pt4
                                                         MOD Unregistered
                                                         papers. Open at PRO
                                                         Ref lDI48/117
                                                         MOD Unregistered
                                                         papers. Open at PRO
                                                         Ref lDI481118
    AIR 20/12402   1972 (March)       UFO Reports        MOD Unregistered
                                                         papers. Open at PRO
                                                         ReflD148/119
    AIR 20112403   1972 (April)       UFO Reports        MOD Unregistered
                                                         papers. Open at PRO
                                                         ReflD/491120
    AIR 20112404   1972 (May)         UFO Reports        MOD Unregistered
                                                         papers. Open at PRO
                                                         Ref lD/48/12I
    AIR 20112405   1972 (June)        UFO Reports        MOD Unregistered
                                                         papers. Open at PRO
                                                         ReflD148/122
    AIR 20/12406   1972 (July)        UFO Reports        MOD Unregistered
                                                         papers.
                                                         Open at PRO
                                                         Ref lD148/123
    AIR 20112407   1972 (August)      UFO Reports        Air Ministryl MODI
                                                         ARB Unregistered
                                                         papers
                                                         Open at PRO
                                                         Ref lDI48/124
    AIR 20/12408   1972 (September)   UFO Reports        Air Ministryl MODI
                                                         ARB Unregistered
                                                         papers
                                                         Open at PRO
                                                         Ref lDI481125
    AIR 20112409   1972 (October)     UFO Reports        Air Ministryl MODI
                                                         ARB Unregistered
                                                         papers
                                                         Open at PRO
                                                         Ref lD148/126
    AIR 20112410   1972 (November)    UFO Reports        Air Ministryl MODI
                                                         ARB Unregistered
                                                         papers
                                                         Open at PRO
                                                         ReflD/481127
    AIR 20112411   1972 (December)    UFO Reports        Air Ministryl MODI
                                                         ARB Unregistered
                                                         papers
                                                         Open at PRO
                                                         Ref lD/48/128
    AIR 2119117    1972-73            UFOs: BBC Radio    Air Ministryl MOD
                                      Oxford programme   Registered file
                                                         Open at PRO
                                                         Ref AFIS4f(Air)422
.   DIDS8/75/2/1 Pt J


    DIDS8/10/209 Pt H
                         1982 (LastEnc 1212)


                         1984 (LastEnc 24/12)
                                                UFO Correspondence


                                                General Briefs &
                                                Reports, UFO
                                                Correspondence
                                                                     MOD Registered file
                                                                     FILE DESTROYED
                                                                     26.3.1990


                                                                     MOD Registered file
                                                                     FILE DESTROYED
                                                                     26.3.1990


    Files held in Directorates and Archives
    FILE REF              DATE OF                     TITLE                 STATUS
                        CONTENTS
    AIR 2/18872          1972-73                UFO Reports          MOD Registered file.
                                                                     At PRO for release
                                                                     2004
                                                                     Ref AF/7464172 Pt I
    AIR 20/12544         1973 (January)         UFO Reports          MOD Unregistered
                                                                     papers. At PRO for
                                                                     release 2004
                                                                     Ref ID/48/129
    AIR 20/12545        1973 (February)         UFO Reports          MOD Unregistered
                                                                     papers
                                                                     At PRO for release
                                                                     2004
                                                                     RefID/48/130
    AIR 20/12546        1973 (March)            UFO Reports          Air Ministryl MODI
                                                                     AHB Unregistered
                                                                     papers
                                                                     At PRO for release
                                                                     2004
                                                                     RefID!48/131
    AIR 20/12547        1973 (April)            UFO Reports          Air Ministry! MODI
                                                                     AHB Unregistered
                                                                     papers
                                                                     At PRO for release
                                                                     2004
                                                                     Ref ID/48!132
    AIR 20/12548        1973 (May)              UFO Reports          Air Ministryl MODI
                                                                     AHB Unregistered
                                                                     papers
                                                                     At PRO for release
                                                                     2004
                                                                     Ref ID/48/133
    AIR 20/12549        1973 (June)             UFO Reports          Air Ministry! MOD!
                                                                     AHB Unregistered
                                                                     papers
                                                                     At PRO for release
                                                                     2004
                                                                     Ref ID/48!134
.   AIR 20112550


    AIR 20112551
                    1973 (July)


                    1973 (August)
                                           UFO Reports


                                           UFO Reports
                                                         Air Ministryl MODI
                                                         ARB Unregistered
                                                         papers
                                                         At PRO for release
                                                         2004
                                                         ReflD/48/135
                                                         Air Ministryl MODI
                                                         AHB Unregistered
                                                         papers
                                                         At PRO for release
                                                         2004
                                                         Ref lD/48/136
    AIR 2011 2552   1973 (September)       UFO Reports   Air Ministryl MODI
                                                         AHB Unregistered
                                                         papers
                                                         At PRO for release
                                                         2004
                                                         Ref lD/48/137
    AIR 20/12553    1973 (October)         UFO Reports   Air Miillstryl MODI
                                                         ARB Unregistered
                                                         papers
                                                         At PRO for release
                                                         2004
                                                         ReflD/48/138
    AIR 20/12554    1973 (November)        UFO Reports   Air Miillstryl MODI
                                                         AHB Unregistered
                                                         papers
                                                         At PRO for release
                                                         2004
                                                         Ref lD/48113 9
    AIR 20/12555    1973 (December)        UFO Reports   Air Ministryl MODI
                                                         AHB Unregistered
                                                         papers
                                                         At PRO for release
                                                         2004
                                                         Ref ID/48/140
    AIR 2/18873     1973-74                UFO Reports   Air Ministryl MOD
                                                         Registered file
                                                         At PRO for release
                                                         2005
                                                         Ref AF17464172 Pt II
    AIR 2/19083     1974(1 Jan- 28 Feb)    UFO Reports   Air Ministryl MOD
                                                         Registered file
                                                         At PRO for release
                                                         2005
                                                         Ref AF/584
    AIR 2/18950     1974 (01-28February)   UFO Reports   Air Ministryl MOD
                                                         Registered file
                                                         At PRO for release
                                                         2005
                                                         Ref AF/585
    AIR 2/18951     1974 (01-31 March)     UFO Reports   Air Ministry, MOD
                                                         Registered file
                                                         At PRO for release
                                                         2005
                                                         Ref AF/586
.   AIR 2118952


    AIR 2118953
                  1974 (01-30 April)


                  1974 (01-31 May)
                                         UFO Reports


                                         UFO Reports
                                                       Air Ministryl MOD
                                                       Registered file
                                                       At PRO for release
                                                       2005
                                                       Ref AF/587
                                                       Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                       Registered file
                                                       At PRO for release
                                                       2005
                                                       Ref AF/588
    AIR 2118954   1974 (01-30June)       UFO Reports   Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                       Registered file
                                                       At PRO for release
                                                       2005
                                                       Ref AF/589
    AIR 2/18955   1974 (01-31 July)      UFO Reports   Air Ministryl MOD
                                                       Registered file
                                                       At PRO for release
                                                       2005
                                                       Ref AF/590
    AIR 2/18956   1974 (01-31 August)    UFO Reports   Air Ministryl MOD
                                                       Registered file
                                                       At PRO for release
                                                       2005
                                                       Ref AF/591
    AIR 2/18957   1974 (01-30(Sept)      UFO Reports   Air Ministryl MOD
                                                       Registered file
                                                       At PRO for release
                                                       2005
                                                       Ref AF/592
    AIR 2/18958   1974 (01-31 October)   UFO Reports   Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                       Registered file
                                                       At PRO for release
                                                       2005
                                                       Rcf AF/593
    AIR 2/18959   1974 (01-30Nov)        UFO Reports   Air Ministryl MOD
                                                       Registered file
                                                       At PRO for release
                                                       2005
                                                       Ref AF/594
    AIR 2/18960   1974 (01-31 Dec)       UFO Reports   Air Ministryl MOD
                                                       Registered file
                                                       At PRO for release
                                                       2005
                                                       Ref AF/595
    AIR 2/18874   1974-75                UFO Reports   Air Ministryl MOD
                                                       Registered file
                                                       At PRO for release
                                                       2006
                                                       Ref AF17464/72 Pt III
    AIR 2/18961   1975 (01-31 January)   UFO Reports   Air Ministryl MOD
                                                       Registered file
                                                       At PRO for release
                                                       2006
                                                       Ref AF/596
.   AIR 2/18962


    AIR 2/18963
                  1975 (01-28February)


                  1975 (01-31 March)
                                         UFO Reports


                                         UFO Reports
                                                               Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                               Registered file
                                                               At PRO for release
                                                               2006
                                                               Ref AF/597
                                                               Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                               Registered file
                                                               At PRO for release
                                                               2006
                                                               Ref AF/598
    AIR 2/18964   1975 (01-30 April)     UFO Reports           Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                               Registered file
                                                               At PRO for release
                                                               2006
                                                               Ref AF/599
    AIR 2/18965   1975 (01-31 May)       UFO Reports           Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                               Registered file
                                                               At PRO for release
                                                               2006
                                                               Ref AF/600
    AIR 2/18966   1975 (01-30June)       UFO Reports           Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                               Registered file
                                                               At PRO for release
                                                               2006
                                                               Ref AF/60I
    AIR 2/18967   1975 (0]-31 July)      UFO Reports           Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                               Registered file
                                                               At PRO for release
                                                               2006
                                                               Ref AF/602
    AIR 2/]8949   1975 (01 August) to    UFO Reports: edited   Air Ministry/ MOD
                  1976 (30June)                                Registered file
                                                               At PRO for release
                                                               2007
                                                               Ref AF/447
                                                               Edited very badly.
                                                               Some papers duplicated
                                                               in AIR 2/18968:
                                                               18969: ]8970: 18971:
                                                               18972: 18973 & 18974
    AIR 2/18968   1975 (01-31 Dee)       UFO Reports           Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                               Registered file
                                                               At PRO for release .
                                                               2006
                                                               Ref AF/607
    AIR 2/18920   1975-76                UFO Reports           Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                               Registered file
                                                               At PRO for release
                                                               2007
                                                               Ref AF/7464/72 Pt IV
    AIR 2/18921   1976                   UFO Reports           Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                               Registered file
                                                               At PRO for release
                                                               2007
                                                               Ref AF/7464/72 Pt V
.   AIR 2/I8969


    AIR 2/I8970
                  1976   (1-31   January)


                  1976 (01-31 February)
                                            UFO Reports


                                            UFO Reports
                                                                  Air Ministry/MOD
                                                                  Registered file
                                                                  At PRO for release
                                                                  2007
                                                                  Ref AF/608
                                                                  Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                                  Registered file
                                                                  At PRO for release
                                                                  2007
                                                                  Ref AF/609
    AIR 2/18971   1976 (01-28 March)        UFO Reports           Air Ministry/MOD
                                                                  Registered file
                                                                  At PRO for release
                                                                  2007
                                                                  Ref AF/61O
    AIR 2/18972   1976 (01-31 April)        UFO Reports           Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                                  Registered file
                                                                  At PRO for release
                                                                  2007
                                                                  Ref AF/611
    DEFE 24/978   1976 (April-Sept)         UFO Reports: edited   Air Ministry/MOD
                                                                  Registered file
                                                                  AT PRO for release
                                                                  2008
                                                                  Ref: D/DS8/75/2/2 pm
    AIR 2/18973   1976 (01-30May)           UFO Reports           Air Ministryl, MOD
                                                                  Registered file
                                                                  At PRO for release
                                                                  2007
                                                                  Ref AF/612
    AIR 2/I8974   1976 (01-31 June)         UFO Reports           Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                                  Registered file
                                                                  At PRO for release
                                                                  2007
                                                                  Ref AF/613
    AIR 2/18975   1976 (01-30 Sept)         UFO Reports           Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                                  Registered file
                                                                  At PRO for release
                                                                  2007
                                                                  Ref AF/616
    AIR 2/18976   1976 (01-31 Oct)          UFO Reports           Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                                  Registered file
                                                                  At PRO for release
                                                                  2007
                                                                  Ref AF/617
    AIR 2/I8977   1976 (01-30Nov)           UFO Reports           Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                                  Registered file
                                                                  At PRO for release
                                                                  2007
                                                                  Ref AF/618
    AIR 2/18978   1976 (01-31 Dcc)          UFO Reports           Air Ministry/ MOD
                                                                  Registered file
                                                                  At PRO for release
                                                                  2007
                                                                  Ref AF/619
    DEFE 24/977   1977 (April to July)      UFO Reports: edited   MOD Registered file
                                                                  AT PRO for release
                                                                  2008
                                                                  Ref: D/DS8/75/2/2 PtA
.   DillS8f751211 Pt B


    DillS8f7512f2 Pt D


    DEFE 71134
                         1977


                         1977


                         1977 (Jan-May)
                                            UFO Reports &
                                            Correspondence

                                            UFO Reports: edited

                                            UFO Reports
                                                                  MOD Registered file
                                                                  Held at Records 2 in
                                                                  Haves
                                                                  MOD Registered file
                                                                  Held at Records 2 in
                                                                  Haves
                                                                  MOD Registered file.
                                                                  At PRO for release
                                                                  2008
                                                                  Ref:DIS4(Air)8f213
                                                                  PtA
    DEFE 71f35           1977 (Jnne-Sept)   UFO Reports           MOD Registered file.
                                                                  At PRO for release
                                                                  2008
                                                                  Ref: DfS4(Air)8f213
                                                                  PtB
    DEFE 241979          1977(Sept-Dec)     UFO Reports: edited   Defence Secretariat
                                                                  Registered Files
                                                                  AT PRO for release
                                                                  2008
                                                                  Ref: DillS8f75f212 PtC
    DEFE 2411205         1977 (Oct-Dee)     UFO Reports           Defence Secretariat
                                                                  Registered Files
                                                                  At PRO for release in
                                                                  2008.
                                                                  Ref: DillS812f3 PtC
    DillS8f2513          1978               UFOs: Parliamentary   MOD Registered file
                                            Correspondence        Held at Records 2 in
                                                                  Haves.
    PRO Ref to be        1978 (Apr- Aug)    UFO Reports: edited   Defence Secretariat
    Allocated                                                     Registered File.
                                                                  At PRO for release in
                                                                  2009.
                                                                  Ref:DillS8f75f212 Pt E
    PRO Ref to be        1978 (Aug-Oct)     UFO Reports: edited   Defence Secretariat
    Allocated                                                     Registered File.
                                                                  At PRO for release in
                                                                  2009.
                                                                  Ref:DillS8f75f212 Pt F
    DEFE 2411208                  -
                         1978 (Jan Mar)     UFO Reports &         Defence Secretariat
                                            Correspondence        Registered Files
                                                                  At PRO for release in
                                                                  2009.
                                                                  Ref:DillS8f75f2f3 Pt D
    PRO Refto be         1978 (Jan - Mar)   UFO Reports           Defence Secretariat
    Allocated                                                     Registered Files
                                                                  At PRO for release in
                                                                  2009.
                                                                  Ref:DillS8f213 Pt D
    DEFE 2411209         1978 (April-May)   UFO Reports           Defence Secretariat
                                                                  Registered Files
                                                                  At PRO for release in
                                                                  2009.
                                                                  Ref:DillS8f75f2f3 Pt E
.   DEFE24/1210


    PRO Ref to be
    Allocated
                           1978 (June- Aug)


                           1978 (Sept-Oct)
                                                 UFO Reports


                                                 UFO Reports
                                                                       Defence Secretariat
                                                                       Registered Files
                                                                       At PRO for release in
                                                                       2009.
                                                                       Ref:D/DS8/75/213 Pt F
                                                                       Defence Secretariat
                                                                       Registered Files
                                                                       At PRO for release in
                                                                       2009.
                                                                       Ref:D/DS8/75/2/3 Pt G
    DEFE 24/1211           1978 (November)       UFO Reports           Defence Secretariat
                                                                       Registered Files
                                                                       At PRO for release in
                                                                       2009.
                                                                       Ref:D/DS8/75/2/3 Pt H
    DEFE 24/1212           1978 (Dee)            UFO Reports           Defence Secretariat
                                                                       Registered Files
                                                                       At PRO for release in
                                                                       2009.
                                                                       Ref:D/DS8/75/2/3 PU
    D/DS8/75/2/1 Pt C      1978                  UFO Reports &         MOD Registered file
                                                 Correspondence        Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Hayes.
    D/S4(Air)/8/2/3 PI F   1978 (LastEne 14/8)   UFO Reports           MOD Registered file
                                                 June-August           Sent to Records
                                                                       Archives at Hayes
                                                                       13.9.1978
    D/S4(Air)8/2/3 PI G    1978 (November)       UFO Reports -         MOD Registered file
                                                 November              Sent to Records
                                                                       Archives at Hayes
                                                                       15.2.1979
    D/S4(Air)8/2/3 PI H    1978 (December)       UFO Reports-          MOD Registered file
                                                 December              Sent to Records
                                                                       Archives at Hayes
                                                                       15.2.1979
    D/DS8/75/2/1 Pt F      1979                  UFO Reports &         MOD Registered file
                                                 Correspondence        Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Haves
    D/DS8/75/2/2 Pt G      1979                  UFO Reports: edited   MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Hayes
    D/DS8/75/2/2 Pt H      1979                  UFO Reports: edited   MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Haves
    D/DS8/75/2/2 Pt J      1979                  UFO Reports: edited   MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Hayes
    D/DS8/75/2/2 Pt K      1979                  UFO Reports: edited   MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Haves
    D/DS8/75/2/4 Pt A      1979                  UFO Reports           MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Haves
    D/DS8/75/2/4 Pt B      1979                  UFO Reports           MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Hayes
.   D/DS817512/4 Pt D


    D/DS8175/6 Pt A


    D/DS817517 PI A
                         1979


                         1979


                         1979
                                  UFO Reports

                                  TV Discussion on
                                  UFOs
                                  Satellite Debris
                                                        MOD Registered file
                                                        Held at Records 2 in
                                                        Haves
                                                        MOD Registered file
                                                        Held at Records 2 in
                                                        Haves
                                                        MOD Registered file


    ~~r8~ ~-
                                                        Held at Records 2 in
                                                        Hayes
    D/DS8175/2/2 Pt L    1980     UFO Reports; edited   MOD Registered file
                                                        Held at Records 2 in
                                                        Haves
    D/DS8175/2/4 Pt D    1979     UFO Reports           MOD Registered file
                                                        Held at Records 2 in
                                                        Haves
                                  TV Discnssi!ID on
                                  UFOs
                                                        MOD     R.ecis~.,.file.....
                                                        Held at Records 2 m
                                                                            .
                        "’t’ff9   ~a           n~       ..l:.10DR~
                                                        Haves
                                                        Hcm dC Records 2
                                                        Haves
                                                                             in

    D/DS8175/2/2 PI L    1980     UFO Reports; edited   MOD Registered file
                                                        Held at Records 2 in
                                                        Haves
    D/DS8/75/2/2 PI M    1980     UFO Reports: edited   MOD Registered file
                                                        Held at Records 2 in
                                                        Haves
    D/DS8/75/2/l PI G    1980     UFO Reports &         MOD Registered file
                                  Correspondence        Held at Records 2 in
                                                        Haves
    D/DS8175/2/1 Pt H    1980     UFO Reports &         MOD Registered file
                                  Correspondence        Held at Records 2 in
                                                        Haves
    D/DS8/75/2/5 PI A    1980     UFO Reports           MOD Registered file
                                                        Held at Records 2 in
                                                        Haves
    D/DS8/75/2/5 PI B    1980     UFO Reports           MOD Registered file
                                                        Held at Records 2 in
                                                        Haves
    D/DS8/10/209 PI A    1981     General Briefs &      MOD Registered file
                                  Reports, UFO          Held at Records 2 in
                                  Corresnondence        Haves
    D/DS8/1O/209 Pt B    1981     General Briefs &      MOD Registered file
                                  Reports, UFO          Held at Records 2 in
                                  Corresoondence        Haves
    D/DS8/l0/209 Pt C    1982     General Briefs &      MOD Registered file
                                  Reports, UFO          Held at Records 2 in
                                  Corrernondence        Haves
    D/DS8/l0/209 Pt D    1982     General Briefs &      MOD Registered file
                                  Reports, UFO          Held at Records 2 in
                                  Corresnondence        Haves
    D/DS8/10/209 Pt E    1983     Geneml Briefs &       MOD Registered file
                                  Reports, UFO          Held at Records 2 in
                                  Correswndence         Haves
.   DlSec(AS)12/2/1       1982 ?               UFOs Report of
                          (Paperscover]980-96) sighting, Rendlesham
                                               Forest, December 1981
                                                                       MOD Registered file
                                                                       Compilation of papers
                                                                       from various files
                                                                       Held inDAS.
                                                                       Released under Code
                                                                       ofPractice. Included in
                                                                       FOl Publication
                                                                       Scheme.
    DIDS8/1012091l PI A   1983                  General Briefs &       MOD Registered file
                                                Reports, UFO           Held at Records 2 in
                                                Corresnondence         Haves
    DIDS8/101209/1 PI B   1984                  General Briefs &       MOD Registered file
                                                Reports, UFO           Held at Records 2 in
                                                CorresDondence         Haves
    DIDS81l0/209 Pt F     ]984                  General Briefs &       MOD Registered file
                                                Reports, UFO           Held at Records 2 in
                                                CorresDondence         Haves
    DIDS8/101209 Pt G     1984                  General Briefs &       MOD Registered file
                                                Reports, UFO        Held at Records 2 in
                                                CorresDondence      Haves
    DIDS8110/2091l Pt C   1985                  General Briefs &    MOD Registered file
                                                Reports, UFO        Held at Records 2 in
                                                Corresnondence      Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/1 Pt A    1985                 UFOs Policy          MOD Registered file
                                                                    Held at Records 2 in
                                                                    Hayes
    D/Sec(AS)I 212 Pt A   1985                 UFO Reports          MOD Registered file
                                                                    Held at Records 2 in
                                                                    Haves
    D/Sec(AS)1212 Pt B    1985                 UFO Reports          MOD Registered file
                                                                    Held at Records 2 in
                                                                    Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/3 PtA     1985 ?               UFOs- Correspondence MOD Registered file
                                                                    Held at Records 2 in
                                                                    Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/3 Pt B    1986                 UFOs-Correspondence MOD Registered file
                                                                    Held at Records 2 in
                                                                    Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/2 Pt C    1986                 UFO Reports          MOD Registered file
                                                                    Held at Records 2 in
                                                                    Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/2 Pt D    1987                 UFO Reports          MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/3 PI C    1987                 UFO Correspondence      MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Haves
    D/Sec(AS)1213 PI D    ]988                 UFO Correspondence      MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Hayes
    D/Sec(AS)12/2 Pt E    1988                 UFO Reports             MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/2 Pt F    1988                 UFO Reports             MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/3 Pt E    1989                 UFO Correspondence      MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Haves
.   DlSec (AS)1213 PI F

    D/Sec(AS)I2/3 Pt G


    D/Sec(AS)12/2 Pt G
                          1989


                          1989


                          1989
                                 UFO Correspondence

                                 UFO Correspondence

                                 UFO Reports
                                                         MOD Registered file
                                                         Held at Records 2 in
                                                         Haves
                                                         MOD Registered file
                                                         Held at Records 2 in
                                                         Haves
                                                         MOD Registered file
                                                         Held at Records 2 in
                                                         Hayes
    D/Sec(AS)12/2 Pt H    1989   UFO Reports             MOD Registered file
                                                         Held at Records 2 in
                                                         Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/2 Pt I    1990   UFO Reports             MOD Registered file
                                                         Held at Records 2 in
                                                         Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/2 PI J    1990   UFO Reports             MOD Registered file
                                                         Held at Records 2 in
                                                         Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/2 PI K    1991   UFO Rcports             MOD Registered file
                                                         Held at Records 2 in
                                                         Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/3 Pt I    1991   UFO Correspondence      MOD Registered file
                                                         Held at Records 2 in
                                                         Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/2 Pt L    1992   UFO Reports             MOD Registered file
                                                         Held at Records 2 in
                                                         Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/3 Pt J    1992   UFO Correspondence      MOD Registered file
                                                         Held at Records 2 in
                                                         Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/3 Pt K    1992   UFO Correspondence      MOD Registered file
                                                         Held at Records 2 in
                                                         Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/5         1992          -
                                 UFOs Close              MOD Registered file
                                 encounter reports,      Held at Records 2 in
                                 Alien entities,         Hayes
                                 Abductions etc
    DlSec(AS)12/6         1992   UFOs - Alleged UFO      MOD Registered file
                                            -
                                 incideut Crash of       Held at Records 2 in
              )                  lightning F6 - 8 Sept   Hayes
                                 1970
    DlSec(AS)12/2 Pt M    1993   UFO Reports             MOD Registered file
                                                         Held at Records 2 in
                                                         Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/3 Pt L    1993   UFO Correspondence      MOD Registered file
                                                         Held at Records 2 in
                                                         Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/3 PtM     1993   UFO Correspondence      MOD Registered file
                                                         Held at Records 2 in
                                                         Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/3 Pt N    1993   UFO Correspondence      MOD Registered file
                                                         Held at Records 2 in
                                                         Haves
    D/Sec(AS)I 2/7        1993   UFOs - Alleged UFO      MOD Registered file
                                 incident 31 March       Held at Records 2 in
                                 1993                    Haves
.   D/Sec(AS)12/2 PI N

    D/Sec(AS)12/3 PtO

    D/Sec (AS)12/3PI P
                          1994


                          ?

                          ?
                                               UFO Reports

                                               UFO Correspondence

                                               UFO Correspondence
                                                                       MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Haves
                                                                       MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Haves
                                                                       MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Hayes
    D/Sec(AS)12/3 PtQ     ?                    UFO Correspondence      MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12I3 Pt R    ’/                   UFO Correspondence      MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/3 Pt S    1995                 UFO Correspondence      MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Haves
    D/Sec(AS)12/2 Pt 0    1995                 UFO Reports             MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Hayes
    D/Sec(AS)/12/4 Pt A   ’I                   UFO-Parliamentary       MOD Registered file
                                               Questions & Enquiries   Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Haves
    D/Sec (AS)12/4PI B    1995                 UFO-Parliameutary       MOD Registered file
                                               Questious & Enquiries   Held at Records 2 in
                                                                       Haves
    D/Sec(AS) 64/3 PI A   1995 (Sept-Nov)      UFOs - Public           MOD Registered file
                                               Correspondence          Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/4 PI A    1995 (Sept)to        UFOs -Parliamentary     MOD Registered file
                          1996 (Oct)           Questions & Enquiries   Held iu DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/1 PI A    1995-97              UFOs - Policy           MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS) 64/2 PI A   1995 (Sept)to             -
                                               UFOs Sighting           MOD Registered file
                          1996 (Jan)           Reports                 Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/3 PI B    1995 (Oct)to         UFOs - Public           MOD Registered file
                          1998 (March)         Correspondence          Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/2 Pt B    1996 (Jan-June)      UFOs - Sighting         MOD Registered file
                                               Reports                 Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/3 Pt C    1996 (Feb - April)        -
                                               UFOs Public             MOD Registered file
                                               Correspondence          Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/3 PI D    1996 (April-July)    UFOs - Public           MOD Registered file
                                               Correspondence          Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/2 Pt C    1996 (June-Aug)      UFOs - Sighting         MOD Registered file
                                               Reports                 Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/3 PI E    1996 (July - Aug)    UFOs - Public           MOD Registered file
                                               Correspondence          Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
.   D/See (AS)64/3 PI F


    D/See(AS)6412 Pt D


    D/Sec(AS)64/4 PI B
                          1996 (Aug- Oct)


                          1996 (Aug-Dee)


                          1996 (Sept-Nov)
                                               UFOs - Public
                                               Correspondence
                                               UFOs - Sighting
                                               Reports
                                               UFOs - Parliamentary
                                               Questions & Enquiries
                                                                       MOD Registered tile
                                                                       Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
                                                                       MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
                                                                       MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/3 PI G    1996 (Nov)to         UFOs - Public           MOD Registered file
                          1997 (Jan)           Correspondence          Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/4 PI C    1996 (Nov)to         UFOs - Parliamentary    MOD Registered file
                          1997 (July)          Questions & Enquiries   Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/3 PI H    1997 (Jan - Feb)     UFOs - Public           MOD Registered file
                                               Correspondence          Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)6412 Pt E    1997 (Jnn-July)      UFOs - Sighting         MOD Registered file
                                               Reports                 Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/1 Pt B    1997 (Jnn-Sept)      UFOs - Policy           MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/3 PI I    1997 (March- June)   UFOs - Public           MOD Registered file
                                               Correspondence          Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/3 PI J    1997 (June-Aug)      UFOs - Public           MOD Registered file
                                               Correspondence          Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/2 PI F    1997 (July-Oct)      UFOs - Sighting         MOD Registered file
                                               Reports                 Held in DAS(LA)Ops

    D/Sec(AS) 64/4 PI D   1997 (July   -Oct)   UFOs - Parliamentary
                                               Questions & Enquiries
                                                                       + Pol
                                                                       MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/3 PI K    1997 (Aug-Dee)       UFOs - Public           MOD Registered file
                                               Correspondence          Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/1 PI C    1997 (Sept)to        UFOs - Policy           MOD Registered file
                          1998 (April)                                 Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)6412 PI G    1997 (Nov)to         UFOs - Sighting         MOD Registered file
                          1998 (July)          Reports                 Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/Sec(AS) 64/3 PI L   1997 (Dec)to         UFOs - Public           MOD Registered file
                          1998 (March)         Correspondence          Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    DISec(AS) 64/4 PI E   1997-1998            UFOs - Parliamentary    MOD Registered file
                                               Questions & Enquiries   Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    DISec(AS)6413 PI M    1998 (March - May)   UFOs - Public           MOD Registered tile
                                               Correspondence          Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    DISec(AS)6411 Pt D    1998 (May)to         UFOs - Policy           MOD Registered file
                          2000 (October)                               Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
.   DlSec(AS)64/3 PI N

    D/Sec(AS)64/3 PI 0


    DlSec(AS)64/3 PI P
                          1998 (May-Aug)


                          1998 (Aug-Dee)


                          1998 (Dee)to
                                                    -
                                               UFOs Public
                                               Correspondence

                                               UFOs - Public
                                               Correspondence

                                               UFOs - Public
                                                                      MOD Registered file
                                                                      Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
                                                                      MOD Registered file
                                                                      Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
                                                                      MOD Registered file
                          1999 (April)         Correspondence         Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/4 PI F    1998-2001            UFOs - Parliamentary   MOD Registered file
                                               Questions & Enquires   Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/2 PI H    1998 (July)to        UFOs - Sighting        MOD Registered file
                          1999 (Feb)           Reports                Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/2 PI I    1999 (Feb-Dec)       UFOs- Sighting         MOD Registered file
                                               Reports                Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      +Pul
    DlSec(AS)64/3 PI Q    1999 (March-Sept)    UFOs - Public          MOD Registered file
                                               Correspondence         Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/3 PI R    1999 (Sept-Dee)      UFOs - Public          MOD Registered file
                                               Correspondence         Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/4 PI F    1998-2001            UFOs - Parliamentary   MOD Registered file
                                               Questions & Enquires   Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/2 Pt H    1998 (July)to        UFOs - Sighting        MOD Registered file
                          1999 (Feb)           Reports                Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
    DlSec(AS)64/2 PI I    1999 (Feb-Dec)       UFOs- Sighting         MOD Registered file
                                               Reports                Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
    D/Sec(AS) 64/3 PI Q   1999 (March-Sept)    UFOs - Public          MOD Registered file
                                               Correspondeuce         Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
    D/Sec(AS) 64/3 PI R   1999 (Sept-Dee)      UFOs - Public          MOD Registered file
                                               Correspoudence         Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
    D/Sec(AS) 64/4 PI F   1998-200I            UFOs - Parliamentary   MOD Registered file
                                               Questions & Enquires   Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/2 PI H    1998 (July)to        UFOs - Sighting        MOD Registered file
                          1999 (Feb)           Reports                Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
    D/Sec(AS) 64/2 PI I   1999 (Feb-Dec)       UFOs- Sighting         MOD Registered file
                                               Reports                Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
    D/Sec(AS) 64/3 PI Q   1999 (March-Sept)    UFOs - Public          MOD Registered file
                                               Correspondence         Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
    D/Sec(AS) 64/3 PI R   1999 (Sept-Dee)      UFOs - Public          MOD .Registered file
                                               Correspondence         Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                      + Pol
    D/Sec(AS) 64/3 PI S   J 999 (November)to         -
                                               UFOs Public            MOD Registered file
                          2000 (June)          Correspondence &       Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                               Requests for           + Pol
                                               Information
.   DISec(AS)64/2 PI J

    DISec(AS) 6413 PI T


    D/DAS(Sec)64/2 Pt k
                           2000 (Jan-June)


                           2000 (Jnne-Sept)


                           2000 (July - Dec)
                                               UFOs - Sighting
                                               Reports
                                               UFOs - Public
                                               Correspondence &
                                               Requests for
                                               Information
                                               UFOs - Sighting
                                                                       MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
                                                                       MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol

                                                                       MOD Registered file
                                               Reports                 Sec(AS) merged "ith
                                                                       DAS. Change of name
                                                                       to DAS(Sec)
                                                                       Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/DAS(Sec) 6413 PI U   2000 (Sept)to       UFOs - Public           MOD Registered file
                           2001 Jan)           Correspondence &        Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                               Requests for            + Pol
                                               Information
    D/DAS(Sec) 64/2 PI L   2000 (Dec)to        UFOs - Sighting         MOD Registered file
                           200I (March)        Reports                 Held in DAS(LA Ops +
                                                                       Pol
    D/Sec(AS)64/I PI E     2000 - 2002         UFOs - Policy           MOD Registered file
                                                                       Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/DAS(LA Ops + Pol     200I (Feb - May)          -
                                               UFOs Public             MOD Registered file
    1)/64/3 Pt V                               Correspondence &        Change ofBranch
                                               Requests for            name from DAS(Sec)
                                               Information             to DAS(LA)Ops +Pol
                                                                       File held in
                                                                       DAS(LA)Ovs + Pol
    D/DAS(Sec)64/2 Pt M    2001 (March-Oct)    UFOs - Sighting         MOD Registered file
                                               Reports                 Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/DAS(Sec)64/4 Pt G    2001 (March-Oct)    UFOs -Parliamentary     MOD Registered file
                                               Questions & Enquiries   Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/DAS(LA Ops + Pol     2001 (July - Nov)         -
                                               UFOs Public             MOD Registered file
    1)/64/3 Pt W                               Correspondence &        Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                               Requests for            + Pol
                                               Information
    D/DAS/64/2 Pt N        2001 (Oct)to        UFOs _ Sighting         MOD Registered file
                           2002                Reports                 Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/DAS(LA Ops + Pol     2001 (Nov-Dec)      UFOs - Public           MOD Registered file
    1)/64/3 Pt X                               Correspondence &        Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                               Requests for            + Pol
                                               Information
    D/DAS(LA)Ops+PoI/6     200I (Dec)to        UFOs - Parliamentary    MOD Registered file
    4/4 PtH                2002                Questions & Enquiries   Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                                                       + Pol
    D/DAS/64/3 PI Y                  -
                           2002 (June Nov)     UFOs - Public           MOD Registered file
                                               Correspondence &        Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                               Requests for            + Pol
                                               Information
    D/DAS164/3 PI Z        2002 (Dec)to              -
                                               UFOs Public             MOD Registered file
                                               Correspondence &        Held in DAS(LA)Ops
                                               Requests for            + Pol
                                               Information
.   UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)FILES
    FILES ORIGINATED BY BRANCHES OTHER THAN DIS. DAO AND DAS.
                                                               Annex D to D/DAS/64/1
                                                               Dated 16 April 2003


    UNREGISTERED INFORMATION AND INFORMATION THE ORIGIN OF
    WHICH IS UNCLEAR

    Documents open for viewiue: at the Public Record Office (PRO)
    FILE REF             DATE OF                  TITLE                    STATUS
                       CONTENTS
    AIR 14/2800        1943                Nol15 Squadron: news       Bomber Command
                                           sheet "Bang On" No I       Register File
                                                                      Open at PRO (Released
                                                                      1972)
    AIR 20/7390        1950-54             Unidentified aircraft      Air Ministry, MOD,
                                           (flying objects):reports   Air Historical branch
                                                                      Unregistered Papers
                                                                      Open at PRO
                                                                      Ref 111127/3/48
    AIR 16/1199        1952 (September)    Flying Sancers:            Fighter Command
                                           Occurrence Reports:        Registered File
                                           service personnel at       Open at PRO
                                           Topcliffe station,         Refll/Hl/1881l1l7
                                           Thirsk and local pnblic    Top/CI6/Air
                                           sector
    AIR 20/9994        1953-57             Parliamentary              Air Ministry, MOD,
                                           questions on UFOs          Air Historical Branch
                                                                      Unregistered Papers
                                                                      Open at PRO
                                                                      Ref IlH/273/1O/4
    AIR 22/93          1955                Air Ministry Secret        Periodical Returns,
                                           Summary. Vol 10.           Summaries & Bulletins
                                           No.3 - Article on          Open at PRO
                                           Flying Saucers             Ref: IlOIlOl
    AIR 20/9320        1957                Parliamentary              Air Ministry, MOD,
                                           questions on UFOs          Air Historical Branch
                                                                      Unregistered Papers
                                                                      Opeu at PRO
                                                                      RefMR 008614/193
    AIR 20/9321        1957                Parliamentary              Air Ministry, MOD,
                                           questious on UFOs          Air Historical Branch
                                                                      Unregistered Papers
                                                                      Open at PRO
                                                                      Ref MR 008614/213
    AIR 20/9322        1957                Parliamentary              Air Ministry, MOD,
                                           questions on UFOs          Air Historical Branch
                                                                      Unregistered Papers
                                                                      Open at PRO
                                                                      RefMR 008614/220
.   AIR 20/9322


    CMS/2692/55
                         1957


                         1964
                                              Parliamental)’
                                              questions on UFOs


                                              SACEURS Rules for
                                              the Engagement of
                                              Unidentified Aircraft
                                                                      Air Ministl)’, MOD,
                                                                      Air Historical Branch
                                                                      Unregistered Papers
                                                                      Open at PRO
                                                                      RefMR 008614/220
                                                                      D AS holds old file
                                                                      docket. Whereabouts
                                                                      offile unknown
    AIR 20/11612         1967-68              Unidentified Flying     Air Ministl)’, MOD,
                                              Objects                 Air Historical Branch
                                                                      Unregistered papers
                                                                      Open at PRO
                                                                      RefMR 073414
    BJ 5/31I             1968-70              UFO Meteorological      Meteorological Office,
                                              Aspects                 Administrative Records
                                                                      Open at PRO
                                                                      Ref; AF1M 396/68


    Files held in Directorates and Archives

    FILE REF            DATE OF                     TITLE                  STATUS
                        CONTENTS
    AIR 2/19173         1970 (September)      Aircraft Accident       A waiting Transfer to
                                              Report: Lightening F6   the PRO
                                              XS894 5 Sqdrn
                                              Loss of Captain W
                                              Shaffner
                                 .
                                                                  T


                                               Y                  P
                                                                  E
                                                                  K
                                                                  D
                                                                                                                              USE

                                                               DAN          SOI J~R.               PENCE     FOR OF’                                                     465299
                                     COUNHRF01V               E
                                                              H
                                                              C                                    I
                                                                                                             OVER
                                                                             TH~                                    CONDITIONS’
                                                              ETA


                                                          ~   ’0          !lY                     flY        SEE

                                                              6                                   FI
                                                                                                                                                                         0067
                                                        TO’


                                      1. . )b
                                      I
                                                                      1
                                                                      P
                                                                      E
                                                                                                                                   UGE
                                      0                               K

                                      f                           ~~  D            R
                                                                                                                 ron OF                                                   726236
                                                                  Ef’ ~
                                                                      A            0
                                      R
                                      [                               SO
                                                                      fj                       FOUR POUNDS       I)VEH
                                      T                               Tile THE
                                                                                                                                  CONDITIOI~S
                                      N                           "E BY                                          SEE
                                      U                           ~                                                                                                       4202
                                      CO                              Toe


                                                        V ~~                        f
                                                                                    k


                                                                                   AND
                                                                                       T
                                                                                       P

                                                                                                                                                 (1<,:,[
                                                                                                                                                             ’_._"-.~-
                                          COUNTERfOIL
                                                                                 0
                                                                                 E
                                                                                           ~
                                                                                           0

                                                                                           E
                                                                                                                                  [-’OH OF
                                                                                                                                                                             487170
                                                                                 H
                                                                                           ~
                                                                                           5
                                                                                                  TWENTYPOUNDS                      OVER
                                                                                Tile       H

                                                                                ~
                                                                               to
                                                                                           T
                                                                                           Y                                      8FF
                                                                                                                                                CONDITIONS

                                                                               f
                                                                              Ii
                                                                                                                                                                            0625
                                                                              T,o


.-’   .
          "


                 r. ". -. . .,

          ;’;,,:,~
.
’.   .
                                          f20"~~:O~,~~~, ~~.~,:,~,~,,~[fl[)~[fl
                                                   ~~
                                                   ~7~~:;~R’;’~~,
         COUNTERFOll
         TO BE DETACIHD"’’’PKf T
                                 1,\                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I
               8YrHE5fNDEIt,

               TWENtY"
                                               \,81 ’~"~:’
               POUNDS’
              SEe OVER FOR
                                                                8.!1!
            CONDIHONS OF USE’

                                                <K ,  ’-,Y"-f),’0J;/
                                               o
                                                   0’" ~- -,- - - - -
                                               -7;6-
                                               u.ii’
                                               "
                                                       Q’                S
                                                                             ""’"
                                                                              [J)
                                                                             5i
                                                                                                                         ."""""""T,.,


                                                                                                                             ~-’~’. . .’.
                                                                                                                                 i
                                                                                                                               i <’
                                                                                                                                              i ~
                                                                                                                                i I.~-~~-?~_:_X?~~~~~-;’;;;,;;
                                                                                                                                  ’!j’~ -"I.I.~{’
                                                                                                                                          f’’’’~,’i


                                                                                                                            .~L!;~:~~~~’~*K~~~_~!
                                                                                                                                                  .
                                                                                                                                                  .~~"’.’ 1 M
                                                                                                                                                             P 0 S TAG EST AMP S

                                                                                                                                                              .
                                                                                                                                                             . .
                                                                                                                                                                "
                                                                                                                                                       m4"""’’’’’
                                                                                                                                                                  , ,~’i
                                                                                                                                                                   ." . 1.I   Od,’"  ’’’.1
                                                                                                                                                                               ’.U"’.p,.
                                                                                                                                                                            , ..,"",’"
                                                                                                                                                                            >"1"      .
                                                                                                                                                                                                    ,,<l<l~,ll"
                                                                                                                                                                                                          ’
                                                                                                                                                                                          I’’’’’!"[(t’’’’,,I.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ;>~-~-:i
                                                                                                                                                                                                               I]"’.
                                                                                                                                                                                                         I’al",- ul
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       .   ’~:1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           .


                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ,I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  .!


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  .,


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ~
                                                                                      DO NOT WIiITl! 011 MARK


                                 I- f4/;;:;~~~~~~-,~
          0625 487170                                                                                                                                                   0625 487170


         co U N T E R F 0
         TO 8E DETACH.C r..’ ~ KE~T
                                     16
                                                    .;"r/"),-;j_/" ~",’
                                                           .
                                                                    ,t;3(::),,~,
                                                                       ~
                                                                                                       ’1
                                                                                                   0 Q g)}] PDi0J
                                                                                                        ~EN          R     MUST FilL IN                PA.YEES NAME ’N IN~
                                                                                                                                                                                                       J;.~1 :[).nD.E:U:l
                                           ,t1’Q~’" \b’ ’-
              ElVr"eSEN:JE~                                                .)\’\                                                                  PLEASE PA)
                                          ’i’-/ ’J’ "T. V,’6’:, QUI?;;r:J\\&l-IclOi\.1$: ,o\..c’i’1?Q\JMr!C1IJ’1!t.
                                                       /1)/                         \\\’
                                               /, ’/
                                                                                                                    NOT NEGOTIABLE
               FOU R
              POUNDS
             SEe OVER FOR
           CONDITIONS OF USE
                                           , \~- ’
                                            " Q\\            -  -            ,01   fOUR
                                                                                      . .   POUNDS          L-Tb          L1          T               r p 0 S TO, F I ( e
                                                                    0>
                                                                       ,"- ;(J/()              ,
                                                                                  --- - --- __ __ __
                                                                                    IIE-=" I             -

                                               ’\>:;;’\
                                                "~I~(/";                //’{.JI/                                                                             "ED SIGNAtu",o
                                                                                                                                                                                                               _


                                                                                                                              r7:~::~’;":;;"1
                                                               -_.;’

                                                   ’-~"::::;’~:1/
                                                     ’-":;: ="-=; -: =- >:
                                           u.oii’0"
                                           -7;6-
                                           "
                                                   Q’
                                                                         3
                                                                         ’"
                                                                         ’"
                                                                         i
                                                                                                                              ’~_.-~.’~. . .I^". _-. :-. .
                                                                                                                           ’:::~’’. "c"’ ’-’,c,:-,",-_’ ’._’.’
                                                                                                                                                                        ~   .   .
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       i~:;:
                                                                                                                                                                                    .".....-...’-::".-:-’:-r:-~.7";~<,~~~:-~
                                                                                                                                                                                      ~--


                                                                                                                                                                                        ~ ~
                                                                                    DO NOT WRIT’E Ot!         MA.U( sl!.io-wT’H’IS-i.:                                                                                 0";’

         4202 726236
                                                                                                                                                                   4202 726236


         COUNTERF~t 50P
                                 ~
                                                ~[;3~alrg1~~’[P~
                                            !I~4Y>Z""’i~~’
                                             ~~~..~~Cj...~.      lrJ.l[1.                                                                                                                             NAME._IN INI(
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               @ [fl[0 [fl


                                                ~~
                  A.CH e DAN 0 I( P T                                                 <"...;:’....~,t<~’.~..)..~...._’."...u..STPLEA 5 EP
                                                                                                   .
                                                                                                                                       "’.....’tEE.S
         TOilE D iT
               BY HiE   S~NOtR                                                                           "
                                                                                                                i’:’..                        A Y
                                                                                                                                                             FILL.IN.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       NOT NEGOTIABLE
           FIFTY PENCE
             SEE OVER FOR
           CONDITIONS OF USE


                                                   ~)~~87~~
                                               ii’6’
                                                    "" ’.                           n"
                                                                                                       .......,,;;:’\;,’,:,’                                       "/:!~’i::::’;~’""                                           _        ,-:!y   "


                                             -;
                                            "15
                                               "16-   <Y
                                                                         S
                                                                          ’"
                                                                          5i
                                                                             [J)


          0067 465299                                                                                                                                               0067 465299
