{"created_utc": "2026-08-11T05:47:41Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5611212, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/defe-24-2458-1.pdf", "source_sha256": "96b75e12dfcc78090761cc4594fea287d7e886c8ed6924135be1de2b3cbbe879"}

RESTAteTED/UNCLASSIFIED
                                                                                                                                                                                             MOD Form 329D
                                                                                       MINISTRY OF DEFENCE                                                                                      (Revised 8/00)


     0\       ~~                     0"                                                                 1.


                                                                                                        2.
                                                                                                                          Attention is draw
                                                                                                                          to the notes on
                                                                                                                          the inside flap.
                                                                                                                          Enter notes of
                                                                                                                          related files on
                                                                                                                                                                                                   PPQ = 100


                                                                                                         SUBJECT
                                                                                                                          page 2 of this
                                                                                                                          jacket


                                                                                                                                   U- c:. .~ l
                                                                                                                                            C’\
                                                                                                                                               ~          .
                                                                                                                                                                          -. NUMBER]
                                                                                                                                                               lb6R~Q(SJ~ElEPHONE
                                                                                                                                   POL\
                                                                                                                                   2aQQ.

                                                                                                         [BLOCKCAPITALS]
   RECORD OF KEYWORDS:

                                                                     I                                                                                                     I
                                                                                                                      I                                                   I
  ----~~-----~-----------l-----------~------------                   I                                               I                                                    I
                                                                 I                                                   I
                                                                I                                                                                                     I
                                                                                                                     I                                               I
                                                                1                                                J
         Referred to                 Date          Mini                      Referred to               Mini
         I                                         Enel                                         Date   Enel                   Referred to         Date        Mini
                                                                                                                                                              Enel             Referred to   Date    Mini
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Enel

             c::.\~f.1 ~ ~                 .",.’" f’1
                                                I-i \                    =1\0\ ’1(:;
                     -


     t
                -’               I
                                       -

                                                            -
                             ,


FOR DRO USE ONLY
1 st Review date                                                                                         I

                                                                                                             ,
                                                                                                                                   -


                                                        I
                         ,
                                                                         -   -    -                                            -   ---      L
2nd Review       e                                                               ION
                                                                                                                          -                                                          -
                                                                                       F
                                                                                           at                                                     -   L

                                                                                                                                                                I
                                                                                                                                                                                                I


                                                                                                                                                                                 ,
e
    Registered File Disposal Form

                                                 ~ ~c.J
    FILE TITLE: (Main Heading - Secondary Heading - Tertiary Heading etc)

        u.                 Q\l0
     PROTECTIVE MARKING (including caveats & descriptors):
                                                                                    c:::...~1
                                                                                                                   part:~.
                                                                                                                                              MOD Form 262F
                                                                                                                                               (Revised 9/01)


e    Date of last enclosure:
                                \C.~\C\\lO
     PART 1. DISPOSAL SCHEDULE RECOMMENDATION
                                                                                  II   Date closed:

                                                                                                    FOR DEFENCE INFO(EXP)-R USE ONLY
             (To be completed when the file is closed)
                                                                   v       [----------1 [-----------11
                Destroy after                             years   D           Date of 1 st review             Date of 2nd review   Forward Destruction Date
                Forward to INFO(EXP)-R after    ~years [6 Reviewer’s                                                  Reviewer’s
                No recommendation                                                                                     Signature:


e
e
     PART 2. BRANCH REVIEW
             (To be fully completed at time of file closure)
             (Delete as appropriate)
             a. Of no further administrative value and not worthy of permanent preservation. DESTROY IMMEDIATELY (Rememberthat TOP SECRET
             and Codeword material cannot be destroyed locally and must be forwarded to INFO(EXP)-R.

                b.


                LEGAL
                     (i)


                CONTRACTUAL
                           To be retained until the end of the


                                                     D
                                                     D
                                                      v
                                                                 year~\a       for the following reason(s):


                                                                            DEFENCE POLICY + OPERATIONS

                                                                            ORIGINAL COMMITTEE PAPERS
                                                                                                              ~ ~~t-~D
                                                                                                                     D
                                                                                                                      t/
                                                                                                                         \-                     )) "\~
                                                                                                                                                     .
                                                                                                                                                         v
                                                                                                                                                         D


                FINANCE/AUDIT
                                                     D                      MAJOR EQUIPMENT PROJECT
                                                                                                                     D
    PPQ = 100
                DIRECTORATE POLICY
                                                     [Z’                    OTHER (Specify)
                                                                                                                     D
                                                                                                                                           (Continued overleaf)
e                         STATEMENT OF MOD POLICY ON UFO SIGHTINGS
    The MOD has no opinion on the existence or otherwise of extra-terrestrial life. However, in
    over fifty years, no UFO report has revealed any evidence of a potential threat to the United
    Kingdom.
    The MOD has no specific capability for identifying the nature of such sightings. There is no
    Defence benefit in such investigation and it would be an inappropriate use of defence
    resources. Furthermore, responding to reported UFO sightings diverts MOD resources from
    tasks that are relevant to Defence.
    Accordingly, and in order to make best use of Defence resources, we have decided that from
    the 1 December 2009 the dedicated UFO hotline answer-phone service and e-mail address
    will be withdrawn. MOD will no longer respond to reported UFO sightings or investigate them.
    The ongoing programme to release Departmental files on UFO matters to the National
    Archive will continue.


        ~r’
        \
         1.~ ,!’
    INVESTORS IN PEOPLE
e                          STATEMENT OF MOD POLICY ON UFO SIGHTINGS
    The MOD has no opinion on the existence or otherwise of extra-terrestrial life. However, in
    over fifty years, no UFO report has revealed any evidence of a potential threat to the United
    Kingdom.
    The MOD has no specific capability for identifying the nature of such sightings. There is no
    Defence benefit in such investigation and it would be an inappropriate use of defence
    resources. Furthermore, responding to reported UFO sightings diverts MOD resources from
    tasks that are relevant to Defence.
    Accordingly, and in order to make best use of Defence resources, we have decided that from
    the 1 December 2009 the dedicated UFO hotline answer-phone service and e-mail address
    will be withdrawn. MOD will no longer respond to reported UFO sightings or investigate them.
    The ongoing programme to release Departmental files on UFO matters to the National
    Archive will continue.


        ~~l8
          r,~
          ~~-. ". . . ,-
                   SI
                I!."
    INVESTORS IN PEOPLE
e
    20091111-MinSub-MOD Policy Concerning UFO Reports-CNM 127.09-U
    11 Nov 2009

    PS/USofS
    Copy to:
    PS/SofS              ACAS                                  Air Command:
    PS/Min(AF)           D News Dir                            PSO/CINCAIR
    PS/Min(DES)          PS/CDI                                PSO/DCINC
    PSMin(IDS)           S01 Air & Ops Dev                     PSO/AOC 1 Gp
    PS/PUS                                                     PSO/AOC 2 Gp
    PS//VCDS/2nd PUS                                           Cmd See
    PS/CAS                                                     DCS(CS)
    DEICE                                                      Hd MCG

    MOD POLICY CONCERNING UFO REPORTS
    Issue
    1. Reassessment of MOD Policy concerning UFO sighting reports in order to make
    best use of defence resources.
    Recommendation
    2. That the Minister notes:

               a. In more than fifty years no UFO sighting reported to the Department has
               indicated the existence of any military threat to the UK;
               b. There is no Defence benefit in Air Command Secretariat recording,
               collating, analysing or investigating UFO sightings;
               c. The level of resources devoted to this task is increasing in response to
               a recent upsurge in reported sightings, diverting staff from more valuable
               Defence-related activities;
               d. The release of exisiting UFO files to the National Archive is nearing
               completion;
       and agrees:
               e. The closure of the "UFO Hotline" answerphone service and associated
               e-mail address from 30 November 2009;
               f.   That reported sightings received from other sources should be
               answered by a standard letter and, on the advice of Corporate Memory and
               The National Archive, should be retained for 30 days and then destroyed,
               largely removing any future FOlliability and negating the need to release
               future files post 30 November 2009;
                                                                                           e
          g. That all UFO files dated up until 30 November 2009 should be released
          to the National Archive one year from the date of closure.
Timina
1. Routine. Subject to Ministerial agreement this policy will be implemented from 30
November 2009.
Backaround
2. Since the end of WW2, the MOD has had responsibility for UFO matters. This
work is currently performed in the RAF Business Secretariat in Air Command, having
been transferred from the Air Staff in Main Building earlier this year. The work
comprises answering a range of correspondence from Parliament and the general
public, including FOI requests and reports of UFO sightings left on a dedicated
answerphone (the "UFO Hotline") and e-mail address. Where an address has been
left on the hotline, a Treat Official response is provided, in line with current
Departmental policy. Very occasionally, when a sighting is reported by a credible
source, such as aircrew, air traffic controllers or police officers, the UFO desk
investigates sightings in a little more depth. This involves air defence specialists
reviewing radar records. The UFO desk also has responsibility, together with Defence
Intelligence Staff, for the transfer of some 160 historical UFO files to the National
Archives, as agreed by USofS in September 20071.
3. Over the last decade the MOD has received an average of some 150 reports of
UFOs from members of the public each year. This year, the rate at which reports are
being received has risen substantially and to date the total stands at over 520. Also,
97 FOI requests have been received since January. The increased workload caused
by this upsurge in sighting reports is now exceeding the level of staff resource (1xBand
D)allocated to the task and impacting on other tasks. However, no investigation of a
UFO sighting has ever revealed anything to suggest an extra-terrestrial presence, or a
military threat to the UK. Since UFO investigations and correspondence have no
apparent defence value we have reviewed the continuing need for this work, rather
than simply accept the risk it now presents to other public and Parliamentary business
or seek to allocate additional resources toit.
4. This led to the conclusion that we should seek to reduce very significantly the UFO
task, which is consuming increasing resource, but produces no valuable Defence
output. In doing so we concluded:
       The dedicated UFO Hotline answerphone service and e-mail address serve no
       Defence purpose and merely encourage the generation of correspondence of
       no Defence value. Accordingly these facilities should be withdrawn as soon as
       possible, preferably by 30 November. At that point a statement would be
                                                                    A.
       placed on the MOD website, setting out the MOD’s revised policy in relation to
       UFOs, a draft of which is included in the Newsbrief at Annex The "Hotline"
       answerphone would be set up to playa recording of the policy statement, but
       would no longer take messages;

    D/MSU/2/9/is dated 25 September 2007.
e
       . useful
         Investigations into UFO sightings, even from more reliable sources, serve no
                purpose and merely divert air defence specialists from their primary
           tasks. Accordingly, no further investigations should be carried out into UFO
           reports received from any source. Any UFO reports received in future should
           be answered by a standard letter a draft of which is attached at Annex Band
           there should be no suggestion that they have been investigated by MOD. This
           does not apply to, or signify any change in, the standing arrangements for
           control and defence of UK airspace;
       . There is advantage in extending the transfer of files to the National Archive to
         include all Air Command UFO files over one year     old. This would minimise the
           volume of information held by the department and allow FOI requests to be
           dealt with under exemption s.22 (Information Intended for future publication).
           This practrice should be adopted as soon as possible, following on on from the
           current transfer of files, and should apply to all files opened before 30
           November 2009;
       . There  is no Defence value holding future UFO sighting reports from the
                                      in
         public on MOD files. Corporate Memory, after discussions with the National
           Archive, have recommended a policy of destroying UFO sighting reports from
           the public after 30 days. This would mean that there would be no FOlliability
           and no requirement to release any further files to the National Archive, since
           the only filing generated would be copies of the standard response. A single
           generic copy of the standard letter would be placed on the MOD publication
           scheme.
       . There is no merit in maintaining a dedicated UFO desk Air Cmd, nor in
         adding to the staff resource allocated to the UFO
                                                                    in
                                                              The current UFO staff
                                                            task.
           resource should be redeployed to other public and Parliamentary tasks as soon
           as possible. However, Air Command Bus Sec should continue to act as
           secretariat focal point and policy lead for UFO matters across MOD, as
           required, allocating this residual task within existing resources.
    Other Nation’s approaches
    8. We have deliberately avoided formal approaches to other Governments on this
    issue. Such approaches would become public when the relevant UFO files are
    released and would be viewed by "ufologists" as evidence of international collaboration
    and conspiracy. However, a search of the US Department of Defence website shows
    that they publicly state that the issue of UFOs is no longer being investigated by the
    US Government. Relevant documentation was placed in the US National Archives
    and Records Administration (NARA)some time ago (Annex C). This is broadly in line
    with our proposed way forward. Public sources suggest that other Governments are
    taking a similar approach to ours, with the Canadian, French and Danish Governments
    publishing their historic UFO files in recent years.
    Presentation
    10. A decision to cease investigating UFO sightings will attract negative comment from
    "ufologists". They may, individually or as a group, mount a vociferous, but short-lived
    campaign to reinstate the "UFO Hotline" suggesting that, by not investigating UFOs,
                                                                                                    e
The MOD does not carry out research into extra-terrestrial matters and does not provide an
aerial identification service. It would realise no defence benefit and be an inappropriate use of
defence resources if we were to do so
MOD has no interest in receiving reports of UFO sightings and will not be actioning the reports
that we receive post November 2009.
The defence of the UK remains of the highest importance to the MOD and this statement
implies no change to arrangements to defend our air space.


Q&A
Are our skies being left undefended?
There will be no change to current arrangements and air space integrity will be maintained
through the existing mixture of civil and military radar and aircraft on quick reaction alert.
Why have you changed things now?
The MOD must ensure that it prioritises and targets resources where they are most needed.
This decision is a response to the continuing need to achieve best value from defence
resources
Does this mean the MOD will no longer deal with UFO matters?
MOD will continue to comply with its obligations under the FOI Act and the planned
programme to release historic UFO files will continue.
e
                                                                                       Annex B


    oAIR FORCE
         ROYAL                                                xxxxx
                                                              HEADQUARTERS AIR
                                                              COMMAND
                                                              RAF Business
                                                               Secretariat
                                                               Room 2E03
                                                              Spitfire Block
                                                              Royal Air Force High
                                                              Wycombe
                                                              Buckinghamshire
                                                              HP144UE


      xxxXXX
                                                              Our Ref: UFO Report
                                                              xxxxx
      Dear XXXXX,
      I am writing with reference to your report of an ’unidentified flying object’.
      MOD has no opinion on the existence or otherwise of extra-terrestrial life. However, in
      over fifty years, no UFO report has revealed any evidence of a potential threat to the
      United Kingdom.
      MOD has no specific capability for identifying the nature of such sightings. There is no
      Defence benefit in such investigation and it would be an inappropriate use of defence
      resources. Furthermore, responding to reported UFO sightings diverts MOD
      resources from tasks that are relevant to Defence.
      Accordingly, in order to make best use of Defence resources, MOD will no longer
      respond to reported UFO sightings or investigate them. Additionally, we have decided
      to withdraw the dedicated UFO hotline answer-phone service and e-mail address.
      The ongoing programme to release Departmental files on UFO matters to the National
      Archive will continue.


      I hope this is helpful.


      XXXXX
      RAF Bus Sec
e   U.S. Department of Defense Official Website - Unidentified Flying Objects                                          Page 1 of 1

                                                                    ~                     ..",’>:-. AJ.~
    DEFENSE’"                                                                         .

      Oct. 05, 2009         War on Terror          Transformation       News Products          Press Resources      Images       Web~
                                                                                                                                      Lat
                                                                                                                                       E


        Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs)
        This issue is no longer being investigated by the Defense Department. As you may know, the United
        States Air Force began investigating UFOs in 1948 under a program called Project Sign. Later the
        program’s name was changed to Project Grudge, and in 1953 it was changed again to Project Blue Book.
        On December 17, 1969, the Secretary of the Air Force announced the termination of Project Blue Book.

        The decision to discontinue UFO investigations was based on a number of factors, including reports and
        studies by the’University of Colorado and the National Academy of Sciences, as well as past UFO
        studies and the Air Force’s two decades of experience investigating UFO reports.

        As a result of these investigations, studies, and experience, the conclusions of Project Blue Book were:

            .   No UFO reported, investigated, and evaluated by the Air Force has ever given any indication of
                threat to our national security.

            .   There has been no evidence submitted to or discovered by the Air Force that sightings
                categorized as "unidentified" represent technological developments or principles beyond the
                range of present-day scientific knowledge.

            .   There has been no evidence indicating that sightings categorized as "unidentified" are
                extraterrestrial vehicles.

        Between 1948 and 1969 the Air Force investigated 12,618 reported UFO sightings. Of these, 11,917
        were found to have been caused by material objects such as balloons, satellites, and aircraft; immaterial
        objects such as lightning, reflections, and other natural phenomena; astronomical objects such as stars,
        planets, the sun, and the moon; weather conditions; and hoaxes. Only 701 reported sightings remain
        unexplained.

        All documentation regarding the former Blue Book investigation was permanently transferred to the
        Military Reference Branch, National Archives and Records Administration, 8th and Pennsylvania Avenue,
        Washington, DC 20408, and is available for public review. A list of private organizations interested in
        aerial phenomena can be found in Gale’s Encyclopedia of Associations, available in the reference section
        of many libraries. Air Force Fact Sheets on this topic may be viewed, including one about the so-called
        Roswell Incident . The Naval Historical Center has compiled a bibliography.
         Site Map      Privacy & Security Notice     About DoD      External Link Disclaimer      Web Policy     About DefenseLlN K


    http://www.defenselink.miVfaq/pis/16.html                                                                          05/10/2009
                                                                                                                           Page 4 of 4

TNs e-mail and any f es transm ed with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or enty to whom it is
adclressed if you are not the intencfecl recipient or there are problems please notify the sencler and then delete the e-mail (and
attached) from your system.               should note that e-ma traffic on MOD systems is subject to
secure the effective operation of system and for other lawful purposes. The MOD has taken steps to keep
attachments free from viruses. However it accepts no liability for any loss or damage howsoever causecl as a result
passed 011. It is the
and do not necessarily reflect
                                  of the recipient to perform all necesswy checks. The statements expressed in this
                                   opinions or policies of the department.
                                                                                                                                     if
                                                                                                                                          .I. ’"

                                                                                                                                          to
                                                                                                                                               C
                                                                                                                                                   Ii’


13/08/2009
                                                                                                      Page 2 of2


-Av10D     has taken steps to keep this e-mail and any attachments
IBty for any loss or damage howsoever
                                                                      free from viruses. However it accepts no
                                              caused as a result any virus being passed on. It is the
                                                         checks.
responsibility of the recipient to perform all necessary and
                                                                of

The statements expressed in this e-mail are     personal     do not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of
the department.


   09/03/2009
