{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-06T01:27:03Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 546, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 136467117, "source_ctime_ns": 1788302897860758458, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/defe-24-2089-1.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785544178290000000, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/defe-24-2089-1.pdf", "source_sha256": "6fb7ebeefd8f96ad0ea248253c682c23922bdd679c0b060b6b828a7bd5f90200"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 552, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DECLASSIFICATION EFFORTS AND RESEARCH OF:
THE BLACK VAULT
THE BLACK VAULT IS THE LARGEST ONLINE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACTY GOVERNMENT
RECORD CLEARING HOUSE IN THE WORLD. THE RESEARCH EFFORTS HERE ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DECLASSIFICATION OF THOUSANDS OF DOCUMENTS THROUGHOUT THE U.S. GOVERNMENT,
AND ALL CAN BE DOWNLOADED BY VISITING:
HTTP://WWW.BLACKVAULT.COM
YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO FORWARD THIS DOCUMENT TO YOUR FRIENDS, BUT
PLEASE KEEP THIS IDENTIFYING IMAGE AT THE TOP OF THE
PDF SO OTHERS CAN DOWNLOAD MORE!

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 6, "chars": 47, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
A

the national archives

(Cc) crown copyright

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1, "chars": 8, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PROTECT

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1, "chars": 8, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 4, "variant": "clean-vision"}
PROTERT

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 59, "chars": 607, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40|
- 6 85
EARTH
TIME
QUER
Lu 1002 1 12 BAsic CO201
SE 9MU272 5 UN 221Y 6
PITAN UNIVERSA
60 87 =ł
244 10203 :
365 DAYS
S UNDEROR
EACO
72 EACH 07EA
EXECTRIL FASTER.
ALON
P5717i
DIMENTIO
GE THE
DAYS (I AM ITEM OF TITA)
161077121
726,076
parin .
1745TEA
7705 = / 77ASS
102.50
F7NSSAO
1722 768,080 17N:
MENE MON CHOLE LULE NUN SPRITO
707079 F491ł
643537415
FIELDS = 1
PRES
LACH FIRLO
3 6113 07 718
700 000 G308021
100,000
MISES
X 643537415 FIELDS
31533333
20
S TIME
UNITS
7466002łŘŚŘ
SPEED 07
RONT
FER ONE LIGHTśł
YESE
9460.
000, 000ą
000
so For 2
I LAID
75920
shes 892619
3¢5
MEN FOL
CA0R 27 1271
·960

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 486, "chars": 2946, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
Section 401/25017
CODE IN SAR CANNEr
Mercie
He he fis need prot
that The ancient Greets Vere:
drawing maps of teal places
Is oldest map of
before the Romans 2
wis known from ancient
weston cotld daung
Greek liarature that the
from shoat 600 00,
concopi of a map existed and
has beep uncaribed in
that some had been dimwa
southern Italy. Known as the
buf none had been found.
Soleto Map the depiction of
The ancient Chinese had a
Apula, the heel of Italy's
wet-defined system of map-
"booti is on a piece of black-
medsing. but modem
gazed terracolla vase abou!
carloguphy descends from
he size of a postage stamp.
techniques laid down by the
It was found in a dig led by
ancient Greeks.
the Belgian archacologist
Most existing classical
Thierry van Comperolle, of
maps are Roman and date
Montpellier Universily, two
from the period after Christ's
rears ago. But its existence
birth.
was kapi soret until more
Expens have suggested that
esearch was carried out,
the discovery domands not
"The map offers, to dale,
only a reconsideration of the
or the Mediterranean, and
beginings of ancient
nore generally for wostern
cartography, but also of
avilisation, the oldest mop of
egional bistory. in particular
a real spaceạẠạithhe university
but of relations belucen the
ou recently.
local population of the
Its engraved place names
Mossapian tribes with their
are indiented by points, josi
neighbours, the Greeks.
ne on maps today, and are
The Soloto may also gives
written in aaciont Greek.
vital new clues to the cultural
The sea on the western
side, Taras (Tarauto), today's
need etes on the pewly
call of Tarapio, is nomed in
Messapi.
Greek. But ihe rest of the
They lived in the area but
map is in Messapian, the
probably came originally
ancient tongue of the local
rom Greece as their
ribes, although the script is
anguage us believed to be a
meient Greek.
Hatect of Illyrian.
The seas on either side of
-The Soleto map is a
the peninsula, the lonian and
contemporary of the Greek
the Adriatic, are depicted by
mathematician Pythagoras,
parallel zig-zng strokes.
who set up a philosophy
Many of the 13 towns
school in Crotone, now
marked on the map, such as
Calabria, on the other side of
Otranto, Soleto, Ugento and
the Gull of Taranic.
Leuca (now called Santa
His hypothesis that the
Maria ‹i Levca) still exist.
Earth was roud, developed
The map went on public
after observing that the
display for the first time this
height of stars was different
vock in the Archacologicol
at different locations and
National Muscum of Taranto.
nolicing how ships appeared
Apart from being the oldest
on the horizon, formed the
geogeaphical may from
1 basis of modern map making
dassical antiquity ever found, _frren@telegaph.co.ul
A
BLACK
PURPLE
GZIAN
FELD
COMPUTE D
CODE
Leuca
Ugento
The sea
The s2a
Taranto
Bolfo di
Soleto
BAA
NA
Nardo
STY
deteces
НІДР
Ugento
Otrento
Otranto
Nardo @ Solet
SHALY
Archaeologists find western world's oldest map

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 758, "chars": 4146, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 9 Observations and Project Y'
Referring back to that event on the 20/2 where the life form attended a service with others but not in our
dimension of time reminded me of the old saying, Beware of the Ides of March. Perhaps this was the reason for
such a saying also in respect to Romans and their Gods and their total dislike of the Druid form.
It has also become plane that the area around the Pyramids are also just as important as the site that we have in
the town, in so far as the burial grounds and the shape of them but there is one difference, that all the graves are
This brings me to the project Y, a site that!
Sectrol 40wsed by map at first and then by rod pointing for at least
half mile until we came upon the very site, that of an energy circle that had crashed thousands of years prior.
What we found stretched the mind as to the total different way of life in respect of the life form and and that we
had found traces of Uranium at on point 7 pips per minute, which is safe and bits of this and that which we use
as dowsing samples, some have formations of metals in stone that we have obtained special name for and also
the usual silicon and iridium, chlorophyll, without calcium or blood situation.
One chunk of rock shaped like a section of an Eskimo house but you can see layers like a bassets sweet and
Zialaminium name we have given along with non earthly metals, the object dowses against the same code as the
energy circles dowse on maps and also for levitation, space and time and worm hole, that the chunk is of two
parts fixed like a tile to each other and curved around and in an upwards fashion to give the craft shape of an
object some 25 feet dia and 13 feet high. Asking the question it seems that it was struck by lightening a problem
this form has with a power unit based upon magnetic energy, hence the reasons they send their life forms about
to measure the magnetic differences to avoid areas where lightening might strike, strange as these things travel in
threes, if one goes down, then the lot crash, and that is the situation we have found in so far that of this section
of 3, one must have gone down on the Spa Golf course then no doubt wild wood land, and the locals must have
found it hence some of the strange graves we have in the Grove, and apart from I site we think the other point
was discovered in the 1970s when building work was taking place as it is more or less clean, and strange stories
abound of local disposal experts having to dispose in special ways remains , after all silicon and iridium will not
burn as calcium does.
Now while we were asking questions we were pointed to some object within the site against Black Gold and
Red a form of tile and there were three of them about 4i square and 1 thick buried at depths of 5 to 8 inches
and I painted the cards up and gave one to
eCtrord @ed the map and obtained exact location. At the site
each went to one point, within not more that a few moments of time we had the dowsing responses and dug both
objects up, the third was in a field where there were sheep so we did not bother them. It turned out that this,
looked like broken rock, was in fact part of the communication system that allowed mind dowsing from craft to
signal would go directly into space.
So both Section 4Ol both been directed to objects within Y'and that the life form had acknowledged the site
as project Y which we will still visit as a test site.
When I had broken the computer codes of the 4 banks of colour, Key, Information, Instructions and Data the
codes came alive over the site. When we show other dowsers and healers the various objects they all pick up the
history of the objects and the energy they hold, strange, that the data colour code fits exactly the formation of
the colours of the Round Table in Winchester Great hall, so there lies another story but for those who hold some
copies of my notes you have been directed to that situation and that the codes had been mind dowsed first
everything fitted together, no wonder my Gold, White and Orange created such a shock wave above, a wrong
number found life and the meaning of life, 42.
102

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 807, "chars": 4576, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 10, LIGHT AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL
Many years ago I undertook a family tree dealing with my late mothers family history,. After years of research
and finding links to the house of Stuart via Queen Anne and later the house of Hanover via Frederick Louie all
connecting to one John Ellis artist and keeper of the lions in the Tower the family were based at what is now
known as Armiey Mills Industrial Museum that was next to Dunkirk House .A union of Sarah Walker and John
Ellis in 1742, Miss Walkers mother was Charlotte Walker nee Sheffield, after The Duke of Buckingham who
had children via Frances Stewart. This lady is thought to have been brought up by Arabella Churchill later Mrs
Godfrey wife of Cpt Godfrey of the Jewell tower.
When I undertook the search I could not understand why having so many contacts to the crown and court that
there was nothing to show other than entries in the Oxford biographical. However, the Ellis family came over
from France in the years 1060s and having found the book Notices of the Ellises where a solicitor had spent
years trying to work out the Ellis family history lines, it now becomes clear why. No doubt trying to find a
certain line. During the year 1471 Thomas Ellis married Anne Calverley daughter of Walter Calverley
During Henry the V111 reign the monasteries were dissolved and the monastery of Bayham Abbey a part of the
Premontestration order and may have been linked to the Knights Templar orders was one of those dissolved
the lands then being crown property, prior since the influx from France they had been a Templar Manor with the
Abbey and some remains of this history can be seen on the common in Tunbridge Wells within an area cailed
Castle Hill where part of a dyke system still shows today as do the old tunnels blocked up. The Premontestration
order was French and had only two monasteries in England.
The ancient history of the Templars is said to be, that they undertook duties for safe custody of items of value
and that they were protecting the temples in Jerusalem until driven out to France where their power base was re
carried on life and had additions to the family, that later evolved into blood lines. As we know later due to
power struggles with the catholic Church the Templars again fled to Scotland given safe custody by the Scottish
Lords family had died and been buried. It has been said that these objects were housed in a well known chapel in
Scotland until I assume the Stuart line took the Crown of England where these objects were transferred down to
It is no surprise to me therefor to be able to dowse code 47 both in the Calverley Grounds and the Grove, the
the grave within the Grove is a female one.
As I have said in prior parts of this short story The Grail is NOT something you can dig up or hold, it is within a
dimension of its own but in our time, formed the same way as ley lines by an intelligence. My findings are, that
the monastery was holding the secrets of this object and hence the type of manor it was that when the objects of
value were taken from Scotland to England the dowsed form was adjusted by removing a number of graves
from a burial site in the Calverley Grounds in the shape of a cup and within laid a iron coffin 16x8 = 888 with
ley lines crossing in the shape of a three bar cross for the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. and dowsing as 47.
Now, after reading about a court case in respect of information published in books mention of blood lines
encouraged me to further look at the family tree and having to hand information regarding a branch of the
family in Canada, I map dowsed against code 47 and to my great surprise a response took place as it does in
Tunbridge Wells., and by use of photographs each member of the blood line dowsed against code 47, as does
another part of the family I could find no other traces world wide, this line came from that Ellis line who were
The thing about code 47, it is the same code of colour, live or dead, and if you ask for 47 type graves the maps
light up all over the place where deceased are buried having that genetic code It seems that the lines have nearly
As already said, the Grail is within another dimension, but being over an area already a major site in respect of
Woodhenges and stonehenges from the Celtic, Bronze and Iron age times also an area of Roman burials the
dowsing would miss this object, but what gave the clue away was the para normal behaviour of certain persons
who by their actions said more than if they had accepted that there was a major site of importance in the grounds,
103

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 615, "chars": 3434, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 11 ODDS AND ENDS
Following on from part 10, I should add that Henry V111 re designed the round table, so it seems that apart
from the church problems, he changed the code system for the table which leads me to think that the original
colour scheme may have provided clues as to the meaning of that table, but from my own findings the present
colours = 33 Arch. For a certain type of understanding. I should also remind people, that the high priests gave
Joseph a coat of many colours, this would allow the wearer to dowse by those colours, as some dowsers do
today. In part 10, your attention was drawn to the Grail and the present controversy between authors in respect
The fact that the last resting place of King Arthur has not been found may be due to the fact that he was of that
blood line and that following persons are not. That the code seems to react in Wells Cathedral in a certain place
Going back to the local tunnels being dug out by light energy power, I have seen reference to URIM AND
THUMMIN that combined with stone and crystal provided the cutting light and for levitation so the crystal was
no doubt Ruby, and traces of ruby by dowsing have been found within Hurst Wood not far from one of these
tunnel complexes We know he Greeks had crystal technology 2000 years ago which we are only now going to
are being governed by a lot of aliens then our planet is not of any interest to them other that a mining station and
There is also the strange situation regarding female DNA, that it is said to be 80.000 years older thawthe oldest
male DNA, How did regeneration take place during those 80.000 years ?, and looking at our latest x 18/3/2006
message that now shows ETTNNA. On a purple body suite like NASA, but very much like the Volcano in
Sicily called ETNA after the eternal flame, the message seems to be saying Eternity.
Having shown some of our small finds from the Calverley Grounds to interested persons one item is said to be
factory made and to have been used in magnetic energy, strange as the thing is thousands of years old and could
normal person would respond to Iron Ore rock, but it has no iron in it but fridium and silicone with those small
tell tale little holes you get in old bone, NO blood ever in the object or Calcium.
The thing about dowsing is, that you can dowse maps and photographs, also photo copies of the same or human
recreations from those very objects, so once you have the correct colour codes you can find anything ,and you
findings. So the question now has to be asked if we are all fooling ourselves with a false sense of security by
believing our origins as written without proof or proof with science and going on as though we are a lot of head
hunters. When I look at 47 and interact with that code what is written is true but its put over in an earthly way
not an alien way hence that an intelligence came 1375000 years ago and infused with us and visits every now
If you have any doubts on some of the above then just understand this, that three weeks ago I was informed of a
dowsing test in London, Polar where scientific equipment was to be used against dowsing. I dowsed the map
Cremation pots, Pottery and a church burial ground with coffins in Lead, Iron and Wood.
for the same signals, I think not, it just does not go down well with historic fact that has been tailored to suite
REO CROES ME MAGE CROSS
7AR J SEAN VISIT'
FRENZ LOUI
EUS
Vilhers
AFFES TUR
-AY

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 699, "chars": 3883, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 12, LEY LINES BURIED MATTER
12 STATIONS, PLUS 1
Ask yourself, how a ley line is formed, You must not get muddled with energy fields or magnetic distortions
such as given from living objects, but open your mind to a life form that is as I have said prior a million years in
advance of us, that can bend time to be with us in our time but within another dimension living in a ghost like
fashion.
Now, ley lines have been with us since man first walked an my information is, that they are laid down by the life
form for a means to travel rather like our road navigation system just about being understood by motorists.
With the Grail, there are three ley lines which go in one direction and another that goes through a coffin, so that
the later edition was laid out within the already placed ley lines. Following a craft on its return on the 18/11/2006
the craft followed ley lines created by the craft, there is a different code for ley lines within its own part of the
five part universe.
This as I have already explained would be the reason why we were unable to dig a chest which showed ‚but was
not there, this chest was on ley lines and in an area where we did find ruby and gold workings by the distant
With respect to the religious sites and ley lines , if the life form is responsible for our beliefs then that would be
main Calverley grounds item has 4 lines crossing . I am informed by 47 that the Grove is M and the grounds is
J. so I asked if I were to dig down to the said 2feet 6 inches would I find the burial, the answer was NO, its in
. a 47 can become invisible and re appear, a 47
can de activate a time loop. and create one. If not a 47, then at the correct degree of acceptance by the craft staff.
The ancient persons of knowledge could time loop matter in conjunction with the craft this brings me back to the
saying that you have a spirit guide, in fact it's a life form in its own time that can see you as its behind, but you
cannot see it.
It seens that the Templars within the area buried certain things that were mapped out by lay lines and that those
objects can adjust their time and thus the depth due to the change of soil depths over time, so coffin M is 5 feet m
down in our time, but 2feet 6 inches in 1474.. The object however did not die in 1474 but was kept else where
and this was done with the blessing of the 47s. The grounds site would be 3 feet when laid out but 7 feet in our
time., but it would only be within our time if consent was granted by the 47s or a 47.
So it seems that the ancient residents of this area were very close to Greek history and science and intuence
hence the 16 letters that are so close to the Greek letters which go against our lost city site some eighteen
thousand years ago one of the twelve original tribe sites re first settlements under direction of the light bending
life form, which is still in command today, This is why some times equipment is pinched from dowsers or little
One thing that interested me was the feeling of a life after death, or do we go else where, the answer to these
questions and hence why this is part 12.
If you depart a 47 can lift you to that other zone, symbolic that the great event being three days was due to the
fact that the life form does everything in threes and is its own oddity, or way of life, doing everything in 3 of
hence at the start when I asked what they were doing picking up magnetic energy, this seemed to come under
the heading of souls, or spirit energy?.. We will never learn everything, as there is not enough time, and we are
not meant to know everything, but from what I have enquired about would prove the great writings, but correct
those points that could prove embarrassing for minds to accept, but the lines to the 47s can well understand.
The thirteenth station is when humanity arrived as colours 1/12 then 13 and 14 came on to the scene.
105

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 682, "chars": 3691, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Darwin produced a work to show the evolution of mankind, that is now causing ripples in the USA in relation to
Religion and a intelligent design. I feel that parts I to 12 show that there has been an intelligent creation that has
also become religion, in all forms that 2850 million years ago the seeds of creation were within the seas, and
that up to about 1375000 years ago this had evolved to an ape like being another life form by inter breeding or
and that will be the subject of part 14.
What we are trying to sort out is who was responsible since creation for our being here today with all its science
Certain sections of the population know well the facts, but are kept from declarations as it would undermine the
status of the full understanding as they require in fact, if a UFO landed an a being got out and said, Hallow, I
am your creating life form on a visit to see how much progress has been made, yes, we to were made or created
I doubt that any one would believe the visitor, or they would ask for proof, or I am sorry, at lunch see me in
thirty minutes . All go about their ways having fallen into slots and everybody relies on the next person without
asking or reading or examining the facts, which all said, does explain very well, but in old fashion ways that
Now its strange that when you dowse the universe to see what is beyond you hit areas of black and white in
»gap, black white gap and so on until you reach a radiation belt for atom particles, I then went on to a length of
nearly forty three feet until 1 reached an area of just black . At this point going even further one came to a black
sun where a prior universe had collapsed into a single unit of time against code 14 = Bronze, and that this had
taken place prior and the forces of these events placed a gravity pull holding our universe, but part 14 will show.
that its not only our universe, but masses of them, all in their own time dimension but at a time zone difference
AND ONE FOR REST. Six days in creators time is not six days in our time just as ley lines are not in our time
every thing has its positive and negative, or mirror image, so the night preachers feeling that as space is black
light that there is their world. Asking the question of 42, it is said that over time they being the oldest life form
had created many forms to suite conditions and that they had just like we will, now been let free to do their own
thing, but with freedom comes responsibility and others had developed war like behaviour to cause problems for
he code white forms, you could say a form of interstellar war fare, but just as the whites can lay lev lines anc
work in dimensions oi time, so can the black lot so it is of no surprise to hear that those so taken nave producec
writings which have to be held within secure areas and not placed within reach of each other or they will in
some cases combust. I have been informed that one library houses such a collection that is in a special
power of those words, in print but under the influence of black instead of white . It is said the Germans well
instead of a cross as a logo it has an SS on the top, now you know where the idea of hot cross buns came from a
doe model of a UFO with the cross logo and why the Germans felt they wanted to rule the world, and to
develop their space programme as files have found out also some of that effort was taken to the states and we
see the results today, but under white . I wonder if their hostility to a certain section was to eradicate a blood line
have to find the 12.
Some say that the universe has at least seven life forms that space travel, at least two are war like and the rest try
AS HE LINA TO SEE CODE 41

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2382, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 14
BRONZE, THE CREATERS PATCH
Each universe has 5 globules as such
, and each unit has its own gravity thus creating. an
electro magnetic force of electrical power rather like a five pole motor .
The next stage is that there are 700.000 masses which in turn form a field, by this time the field is yet to be
So the maths are 700/- × 700/- x 643537415 x 3 should come out to the speed of light over one year in KIMS per
hour total
946000000 plus many more noughts.
Our time at 3 units of decay per 1 second over a year will = 94608 plus noughts, strange how the large numbers
are nearly the same. Science has already stated that everything goes back to its origins, and it is when that area
happen and time creation will start all over again..
Only a few weeks ago it was stated that the universe is made up of 4% upon which we stand, 23% dark matter
and 73% dark energy, it is this dark energy that may be formed by the reaction of the 5 globule sections and the
• 23 % is the bendable and forms sponge of repel to keep all within their own domains the 73% is the power for
the lot to work
Now its strange that the Olympic Games has 5 rings as its logo and has three prizes BRONZE, SILVER AND
GOLD a mirror image to the life form that has its value as top value Bronze. followed by silver then gold.
The rings may refer to energy circles that seem to visit prior to their departure time in units of five at a time, also
as it is in the area of Greece that this life form started and the alphabet being near to the 16 letters provided by
the life form seems beyond any means to point to a creating life form that tests its results and the heraldry of the
event = the end results it was within Greece and the Holy land that 41 so infused its self with what was on earth
which brings me back to that question of dowsing by proxy and implanting by dowsing your instructions,
directions may in fact be dictated by hidden colour code messages to the minds of bumans for them to react in
the fashions that they do, one example is the herd dashing for the same must have objective, never mind the
press, we have a hidden silent loud speaker in the heavens.
I shall continue to do my dowsing, but I hope that those who read this group of notes will better understand that
your brains, although it does rather tire you out.
GIRE-I
BLU€
ORANGE
Стейна
PULITE
RED
13
(ữh)
SILVER
PANS
Benni

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 2975, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 15 LEY LINES
archaeology is accepted as existing even although objects have been found, even roman remains detected, the
other area called the Grove was given under deed of trust to the people of Tunbridge Wells in 1703, as no doubt
Following the find of the Arrow head burial within the Grove, it was then thought that the arrow pointed to
path way in front of the arrow point.
This grave is surmounted by no less that four ley lines, two follow the arrow shape, while one goes through to
Sutherland Road and Mountfield Road into the Calverley Grounds where the south north line is crossed by three
lines in close proximity over an area of burials ( see item B)
We have detected that the three lines seem to start from Bayham Abbey and the south north line goes to Ley
Woods further south, it also seems that one of the arrow lines may go to Saxonbury Hill Camp, and that other
If we look at the Grounds site in respect to the burials, some burial have been removed and the removal seems to
be in the shape of a cup, and those burial left are shaped into a three bar cross in Celtic fashion and the ley lines
cross the cross bars.
Within the cup shape there seems to be a response to a metal object measurements being 16feet by 8 feet, and a
soil stain expert has detected human remains within the iron, as indeed I have also, a Roman, by nature that the
Not wishing to jump to conchisions as to the meaning of this creation I looked for some other form of measure
that might ID the contents, which also responded to cloth and wood. I thought about the crown of thorns and
responded 100% to the ground signal response, also to others so testing. The iron Cross is buried in Pagan style
and is MALE. AND FEMALE, AS ONE BODY.
While accepting that this is a major find and fits well with the history of the area in other concepts, being a
templar area and a French monastic order, that some of the remains of the Holy family may have been buried
when the areas were in private hands not knowing how history would one day make these areas public.
Going to the Grove to the point of the four line cross over area.. This is a female grave and is also buried in
pagan style, but the grave is code 46, and I will cover 46 codes in part 16.
At this point we thought that all had been discovered, but there was yet another area in the Grove that responded
The above findings seem to support Mr Browns findings as indeed the code of colour so called the Da Vinci
Code as the colour codes play upon the mind so providing measured responses to that which the colour are so
coded and NOTHING ELSE and that these codes allow you telepathic contact with other accepted codes
The church accepts ley lines, in fact many churches are built on them by purpose, just like St Johns of Jerusalem
maps , or by rods, but they are well accepted as existing and the configurations so described above point to
major sites of historical interest.
DIGESTION WITH & IlLA WARE
Sy 40091
NUR ENTI
WASSE

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 33, "chars": 142, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ite

nen abate natant nat dfn mt OTL arog age pe

my

a

td

ob SALSA

Ler
7 Fr

ca pd ced i EE yar i ra
ap rae hte ne
yee ee cel

wt
eet

ee

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 133, "chars": 821, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MAJen DISCOVEN
ELECTRUTY
COLOUR CODE FRON (42)
ELFCTRIUM
RED
JELIOW
BLUE
ORANiE
FoRun
ORANE IS RADIATiO,
Maso Sirame → ReiNO
IH. ENERLY PROSHin?!
Jo TAR BULB 6šŚ
FROL THK BOAS
RED
YELLEN
BLUR
etAum
SUarn
SE RIL RADIATA TIAR CORRENE ANO
AND PoUND, lI TAS THi ARSNER To
1 IS THERE A CURA. FAL EONZAA
2f Cari you bria sed thir soustuen to
3/ Doris eS INVUL4ą
121075
uf soey
4/ FBR9 AIN2A2
5/ Muzaite ComPaivas
B/ L$ MIN ARitos
ZING,
CANCER:
TOST NAT OF TIR
To ume
+ Prelg 5775
STEN MIND
THS FROSKE
MANI LAVEAVED
OXI0A
Aiit 5
Pote D 1 E Arłę
ASẾT 3
TATAA
AIL INTE
THTLET FOL
30 1иL0RME
, HESAA CAN
Co35U1A,
SEE DI
75 DiYS
JiL CURA AEL NEN SIAUS- BEATN
CANCER dUS WILL STET AUL FRA
ZING = BUATI, CRAY, GEREN, RES
ALUmNinE GREY GeiEN, ORANER, Re)
OXIDA : BauN, ORANER, RED, YüLeir, ColiiA
RItDrün : Reis, Caicn, ORANER, YieheN

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 971, "chars": 5416, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 16
HUMAN OR ALIEN?
SecttortheOmall disk,
and finding the burials within the Grove that did not seem to respond to the pure human colour codes, we could
only assume that they were NOT human.
Following much research and fine tuning the codes we had a code from human, or life creation to modern times
and took two A4 pages to display, also following the grove discovery and the findings at Wellington Rocks
further finds were made in respect to a underground construction that had its own special codes very similar to
the colours depicted within Templar publications, and this find led to another major discovery which I will not
go into at this time, only to say that from that point strange things started to happen, at first without realising.
ecriohl 4ere both empowered in some form, by the colour codes.
At this time had also started to colour code people to be able to follow them, so one day when I was in the shop
a young man aged about 17 came into the shop dressed in fashion I would say dated to the early 1960s and had a
very strange look about him, waxed and a roman style hair cur, he looked at me and started to nose around the
shop, in the end asking I had a compass as he was going on a long journey for charity (I will at this point state
that this person knew more about me that I did of him ) for he said would I follow his contact of the Courier
paper in response regarding my offer to him as he indicated I had contact with them. I offered to test my system
out to follow his trip to Mongolia as he was going through some very hostile areas where persons can be
abducted and that I colour coded him as a test and said I would give him a card to also hold and I would monitor
his trip from start to finish and have the map dowsing witnessed by non related persons. This person gave his
name as
section
wanted to prove this dowsing system first, but that I would pass on results to
ection 40nd I also chose Section 40
Section 40
and a S
ction 4 Section 40his phone number stating that he was staying
In a small cottage outside Tunbridge Wells prior to going to University, his father had been in the Navy, Section 40
gave me £5 for the compass which he though to small, but I said that it showed up at night and could be
concealed if he was in trouble.
tigre 40o call back for his painted colour code, but while dowsing his hand and not touching it, he felt
something as he remarked at the time, he departed, and next day returned for his code. I asked him if by any
chance he was going through Czechoslovakia as my great grandfather had been born in a small town called Usti
about 50 Kims from Prague, and if he had time and was stopping he may try and find out if the rare family name
still existed and the old bakery
Horpr40 and I waited for the starting date.
I was able to follow the trip, firstly, starting from Dover and then dowsing the jourey about every hour where
possible and having outsiders witness the dowsing and signing the chart, copies were provided at times to the
four persons also the Courier paper, and indeed the journey went via rail all through Europe via Switzerland
Russia and the former soviet Arab states, taking into consideration that this was supposed to be a fund raising
event for charity I assumed it was on a student rail card ?. as indeed the variations and times seemed to indicate
that most sleeping was done on trains with a few exceptions, and duly John arrived in Mongolia spending about
a day there prior to starting back (had asked if he was going to China being so close, but he said not, this time) )
On the trip back by another route he did do a variation from the main direction in Czechoslovakia, and to my
surprise did visit Usti over night. The trip continued later through Germany Belgium and France until the grand
day for the Channel crossing, back to map dowsed point just out side the town. It was agreed that he would also
keep times and records to compare with my own witnessed charts and I awaited for his visit to the shop.
The visit never came; and I waited about a week and thought that I would see where he was. To my dismay I
picked him up in the USA in Texas again it seemed doing a train journey, and this went on for days all the way
up the west coast to Canada, then over Canada, and down to New York State to Washington area. Some charity
run I thought, this is costing more that any charity could earn, what is going on I thought,. The next move
seemed to be an air trip and I assumed he was on way back having done a group of great rail trips. How wrong I
was, as the flight went direct to Athens where the Olympic games was being held ( 2004), and he stopped some
days there prior to starting again by train all through Bulgaria to Turkey, then all around Turkey via Ankara
down to Izmir where I in my own early days had spent three months in 1963 and where I met my wife_
had a special meaning for me, Well john just vanished at that point and I never did see him. I phoned S
ornd40s was not local news and thought that it would not go down well with readers, I telephoned SOCH
Sech 40
also contacted all the Amors in the directory but without luck, this name is quite rare and no person had
Now, I felt a little put out that I could not complete my the test and also that
ection 40gone, BUT he had not
gone to far, as now working with star charts for fun as his signal did not show on any part of Earth, I went over

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 483, "chars": 2692, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the star charts, to my horror the signal sprung up, and showed very well that he was on another trip, as the
ord 40 been following these events as indeed my four friends and some came to the view that this was a
visit by an intellgence that has been referred to at times in the press as visitors, uninvited, who look like us, but
are not Sectiontated that if he came back do not frighten, him but try and ask him questions as ‚are you a
magnetic engineer?. He never did return, but I followed him on his trips, and many of those were all over the
One day I detected he was around the town and looking at the streets where I walk he was doing a full survey of
the area, It seems that they have to test areas for magnetic variations for their visits, as an electric storm could
blow them out of the sky a compass can detect such variations, I was able to dowse him on maps, charts and on
At the Christmas service in 2004 the penny dropped during the Bible reading, SectiontOnessenger for the
Gods and perhaps this was such a visit as also the meaning of the surname Sectior 40 French = LOVE,
Section 4œ?
For some time after I followed his travels and recorded them,, others by use of the colour codes, could also
follow him. One day there was a lot of fuss in the street in front of the shop and two very strange human like
objects looked into the window I felt something and rushed for the door they had moved on further down the
road but a number of young men with that security look about them following with mobile phones a plenty, the
two visitors seemed to be only just about able to stand up, but that had made purchases, carrying paper carrier
bags. I wonder what the sales assistant thought, but perhaps being in the know I would have been pleased to
have served them.
I now jump several years to a point where John it seems had had an accident dealing with motors in some
distant location and now shows as buried, just as locations on the Mars photographs show human burials, as I
have also confirmed by another author, that there is much we are not being told about, and that the bible
explains much in the old testament,. It seems that asking questions and having created the colour codes that
mach like mobile phone calls to that which the colour signal matches, I showed up like a beacon, and they came
looking to find out who sent the signal, and now I have a coded relation with the life form and no worry about
them, in fact I have had visits and invited visits to conduct my tests to which others have joined in supporting
The above story now told I come to the next part, where three life forms made contact, and one more so than the
others, which I will explain in part 18.

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 599, "chars": 3274, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 17, THE LADIES FOLLOW
During our dowsing tests we have encouraged craft to land within the Calverley Grounds,. Such events change
the magnetic direction of north if you measure that fact.
On one of the letter laying events a craft was to be presents within the grounds, the grounds being an ancient site
and within each pod craft there are three druid droids . If you invite them they will visit, and I set this test up
During that evening, I noted that the craft was empty of any life form, but you could measure the craft for its
radio activity and iridium ect, I noted that the life forms were wandering about the local streets and they
launched into number 5, and were going all over inspecting, but I noted no involvement.
When I later noted that the forms were back in the pod I asked what year they were in relation to my time. And it
back, a they did not think much of the property and could not find me, I said that we had not purchased the
This time the visit was different, again the form was dowsed all over the property and in my study, no doubt
observing and then I went down stairs to watch some TV ‚they followed and as I had my rods at hand for the
followed, where their presence got very close, in fact the rods were crossed over my chest and I feit a slight
„touch to the side of the head, then all was quiet.
I returned to the sitting room and started to tidy up upon which something happened that had never been noted
before the two cushions on those chairs, as I picked one up to puff it up, was firmly stuck to the other and with
some force I parted the two, a great amount of static had fused the items together.
Later in the week when I met
ection
40e remarked that testing the craft site she found it to be empty. I
know, I said, they were round my place, so that was proof of the situation as I had no contact with any of the
other interested parties during the tests.
The main craft departed on 18/11/05 and took 39.5 hours, on the craft were 30 pods of which the 3 droids were
within a pod .
When the craft reached its point of return I noted that the three codes went dead, in fact I had to bend up from
sight the last colour to change the situation reading as they had been turned off. Which confirm my findings in
colour code to switch itself off and you paint those colour up, when you get to the last colour on the bar code you
cannot do it as you will feel most ill and that is due to the fact that you have instructed the mind to switch off if it
sees that code band and thus then the brain which I assume in turn would stop the heart. was this in fact what
the ancient tribes were doing when they committed suicide, that they may have been brain dead first.
This short episode is to prepare you for part 18, which in itself links with 16, and that understanding that we can
understand the human mind and would also explain why the pagan form was swept under the carpet as the power
was just to great, a power that early man had, the Druid.
When the main craft left on the 18/11/05 another had already replaced it on site for its tour of duty. On this craft
were three human like forms to undertake the similar duties that SechohlOriaken. Druid droids in fact are
turned off by the higher forms, which are also those like
Section 40

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 752, "chars": 4020, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 18, THE LADIES ARRIVE
One should not expect aliens to be only male, and in view of the special grave within the Grove coded 46, and
crossed by four ley lines in connection with the arrow head burial, that is female, that the form which infused
with the basic human form many tens of thousands of years ago were both male and female, but had gifts far
beyond even our abilities today, but some of the breeding is still retained by the high iridium contents by
dowsing that at least 20% of the population hold when the only iridium should be in that special gland in the
but it did not start like that.
One day as usual, minding the shop, a young lady arrived and started to look around, being of short stature with
a back pack and wearing glasses I asked if she was on leave. NO, just passing through, could I assist in anything
that she might be looking for, Something to take back. Back I enquired yes I am in caring and will be on way to
Australia to do psychology. Owe, I said, have you ever studied how colour can effect the mind and I gave a
Then she came to life why do you do this?, what are you seeking?, I was a little dumb struck as I had not got an
answer ready and I did not want to give the game away. I am interested to know if there is life after death and
seeking if there is life beyond. .
There is so much you still do not know and you are thousands of years behind, there is great advance going on in
Lausanne, I explained how my colours had dowsed items by their energy and how they could map follow people
*, with that she stared long and hard as to cut right through you, I do not want to be followed on my traveis, and
she left the shop.
At that time I realised what had taken place, another C
ection on I was next able to access my papers I
dowsed into the craft which by now I have a sort of skeleton drawing so I can sort out what is going on and
where pods are and where the equipment is and how some areas my work. I noted the three life forms and
asked if one had visited, yes, came the answer I then asked many questions how they came to be there and was
informed that they were students do high grade magnetic sciences in world universities and were invited to
undertake special projects that there was no going back and one on your age stays the same but you see things no
other humans will ever see and go places that again no other humans will ever see, that there were three ladies all
about 18
what each did.
Lausanne the Lausanne project being of great interest to them as they are trying to catch particles which could
allow time travel I also noted trips on navel vessels as the ports at the point of start and end were naval ports and
the type of trip such a vessel would undertake, that air trips were taken and Washington came up quite a few
the departing letters would be for the ending date 18/3/06, came to London and allowed herself to be dowsed
sitting in a chair, I had a few suggestions that it was my Spirit guide, but there was no doubt the energy form
was there and was dowsed, she returned on the train as indeed she travelled up, no need of a ticket as you could
Secdore40d not pay for and
there is no risk of the time warp being undone as they are at least fifteen minuets out of sink from us ,by bending
light they bend time and can appear or vanish, . This has been going on for thousands of years and results in
UFO reports Gods and such as the ides of march, When
section 40
had radar up and running the life form
changed its tact as it did not want us to see it observing our ways so it developed, or put into place time warp, we
call a like thing stealth, although radar cannot see the craft you may be able to see it if you were close enough.
But their science is tens of thousands of years in advance of us
So I was visited and again we have contact with a human like form that says it was human, but is this a joint
other observations that I was involved with and at this point is not applicable to write about but when the
so much to absorb to date.

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 722, "chars": 3909, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Something nudged me to find out what H was doing, and what I am about to report will confirm beyond any
testing that what is going on is real, but strange, as I could not find Sectid harrect code and the unblocking
code but she did not appear, I went all over the world without trace. I then looked at the main craft and all the
pods were present which if one was missing it would give me a clue as to where to look, but nothing missing
My next move was to look at the star chart that I used to dowse the 18/3 return journey and nothing showed, I
tried the deceased code after
off the chart and I obtained a response . This form of dowsing the three of us had been tested at the Natural
History Museum the year prior. that Hestor was on a journey,.
My signal was picked up and in a few questions I was informed that this was another type of craft only used for
inter galaxy travel and did not contain the same as the mother craft, this craft was about 165 feet in diameter
where as the mother crait was at least 1000 feet in diameter and held 30 pods, this craft held no pods and only
had a crew of six plus
out of the bag), and the main computer along with particle transfer which all the craft have and communications
systems and above all lasers for defence and general use.
This is a cargo vessel and it is taking a load of Uranium rods from Mars to Orion, the rods are produced on earth
by mining and then general power station uses, when the rods are returned they are re fuelled, but ( and this is
my own thoughts) they are not stored for thousands of years but shipped to special point where they are collected
and exchanged for metals we do not have to enable us to build our own craft when the time is right and we have
the abilities, that the defunct rods are stored on mars by a star gate system, or time worm hole where pods or
transports collect the rods and exchange the goods, much of the goods are transported around the rail system
but in a time out of sink with our own so nothing is seen, just like the craft and the visitors, at times things are
seen, lights in the sky, but this is due to errors in the time code systems, even advanced aliens make errors.
Where does the uranium come from?. Well, if you dowse world maps you will spot large holes on the colour
green, very big holes. and life forms under the druid 42 codes doing the work. But if all you doubting readers
do not believe me, just look yourself, if you can map dowse.
So craft have ley line controls, yes they can lay down the ley lines, so the monks were acting like a telephone
exchange and ancient man being created as the start of mining operations has been so created to undertake this
work and all those to support the mining and that so undercover is it, that events got out of control and to cover
the strange time warped life forms and visitations that wise men created religion and then there was inter war
between the religions to that which we have today. So it is quite true to say that there are gods and all that goes
with it, but it's a matter of perception as to what it is, and that its true to say that a creator created everything
Greenwich mean time. Everything is linked.
sectionilA turn, the trip taking eighteen days each way with a short stay at home . I had already dowsed the
planet in the Orion belt part of the same system the Pyramids are based upon and near one of the space ports is a
burial ground where a code 47 lies code 888.
I asked why to go to another section of the universe only took 39.5 hours, but to go to Orion took 18 days, reply
that this is another form of travel that does not bend light upon light, but does warp time and this craft is quit like
some of the other forms that have crashed on earth of other life forms . This life form requires magnetic fuel
stops and uranium to survive so scouts the universe for its supplies and creates the forms to suite the conditions

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 1760, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
WHAT THE iS LARS bOT UP TO IN THER TRIPS IN HEW WAYS
su
FODS MISSINE
IUR USR OF SIENE BLOCh
( ANO CAN CIMO
NITRO
BermTo
C/G
No SHE7O
10.10
ASTIRe COA
BT LARINS PONT
EUNO .
P0 N
s si siłęą
mn Geens
n um Couver
CHLIATBSA)
ESA SERUM AÁA .
0 231
An) PATER CT Vie (
n 40
LAige
CA2215
PRMAL INER
21 Hope Fors
I inl ARes ouTsOt Hoew
12-30 ST1 reTSin M95att
400 XMASCNY DIERON FENENGA ROME 15-00
LAUSAYNEł
8720 BLet PoMA DreSeR
su DEWA eN HOME
10A5 A PAA DIRL CRONENBE?
13N5 AN FAes SmABUR X GAeC_
HoeSHiỊẠỊiA288 3/Y
AF 17.30 ANES TI6 SOU In LESSTE FRIGHT TO GENGVA D'URSTA LAUSANNE
I to p8il5 of Lemes Cremers nowat housewer 1920 Houss
P# 18-30-+75
I IA LOUISVA
3 (ULF SAMR D ) UE TAT)
930 A FURS DB NE SUZeS
T144r SAoe #
«(30 SAMRA) (1-00 SA8 F)
13/8 (12:45 SMt) ( A
(e /s) (era sma e)
ROn /FR NEAD (35 NTIA)
I sor Ard sels way ovl Arrone X Gries 21-00 Uh
a sernął
IN M/S RO 4/R (SANK) DIAS (15-0) A7 CONING
MARA SEA (08-45) (15-00) Ut (1507o
I I FLORiDA (E mumI) UBy sRO To DAIU5
(1. ) 130 Ha 18-5 (oTe/W9
10009 /11:30
(me cur sep) sarco fo oenen irion';,
roton 20 -45
39.1 MEW T 1080
29/4/0łąłą
AN 72F
sitin (rote ceter)
THE Sy Te de Dene
DIRECTO USA
ARY J
FET IU8 H5 15-99
PTt BARRETA SP Cł
P7 sme P
Poss| ua/ i s stms 8 7.45 SAPeR 19-08
Pg a 69 CoUTA
e enT saar 19.30 280 N u nes santu).
193 220 85 905 136
LAUS SNE 16-56
MAAT / SeY 66-00?
071
Mins Aers Sars 075 (B2ct) Saste
PENt MeRE
Pes +16
0 (1250) (90)ł
TEmne 180 VEt CAe) RETiNT Es
DIRLTII CALAMAN
NS) NATHoN Ù
CAROT INNEE 29-70
Penen io da vips sn len
eN SALD eN MED SE7 EPR KAMME (MRM URU) 900 MEO SEL 21BYBBO DIRicHON MIGRAT,
FRANCE NA NIMES 14-77
( VENICH 2008)
(MEU1 (1705(01 CT /4.0) f(87 2/8)
14-05 (NE ORAN IN MRO 28-09)
Ht Tpmy Nue Pre 12-
pe ME/KONY Midy
IAD IA CUT NENE /DATA É GHAN 20 30
9 4 1

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 2817, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 19
WHAT WE SEE, AND WHAT WE THINK WE SEE AND SHAPES GIVE CLUES
If you are a blind animal living hundreds of feet below ground and have become blind due to there being no
light, as a living object you would have no idea of what your fellow life forms were other than by feel, smell.
So we have minds, brains and senses, the mind stores all knowledge in colour and never goes to sleep, but the
We assume that as we live we see what we understand is our environment, but as the mind was so constructed by
the infusion of the life form into that which we could say was near man but part animal, that the earth creation
had the senses that the blind animal had, in fact some creatures only see in black and white, so their minds
cannot measure in code of colour.
When the life form arrived and infused itself with that which was compatible into modern man the codes of
colour would have been so designed to establish what we were meant to see, and not what in reality was there..
you could call it programming the computer.
So the environment we reside in may be tailor made for our planned position and that there may be much going
on around that we are unable to see, but that dowsers can pick up, as all life gives of energy and that energy can
be seen or unseen, and the unseen can be in another time.
When we refer to spirit energy this may be something that we are not meant to see but in another situation we
perhaps could see its form, that as I have said, we were designed not to be able to see those forms of life unless
they so wish it and then they have the ability to impress upon your mind of their shape and form that your brain
will see that which they wish you to see. This would explai the
ection 4 tuation and like objects that you
can follow but not see..
Hence the ancient monastic orders must have known about this and the first evidence seems to show in the
configuration of BROCKLEY ‚BAYHAM, AND OTHAM, being the Premonstratensians, the abbeys laid out
like the Orion stars and matching other life form areas with the same configuration as follows.
UK
ALDERMASTON,FARNBOROUGH, GUILDFORD
OSA. BLOOMINGTON, CINCINNATE, CHARESTON.
And each of the Druid cave forms will also have the same shapes with links in between to represent the Orion
system also understanding that Druid is code 42 = ALIEN, I was also interested in the old publication of the
Monastic map as enclosed that states an ALIEN order, how true the author was, but was it the same mind
and the old testaments are quite frank within some of the texts, and ancient art and forms from many tribes over
The meat Areasies /3e0r
LETTERS.
AY1AER
FIRST COMPITEL
CODA
set fe and for to mate
$ =
3 = 8
8 = T
885
1S CODE FOR
CHIT
UMAN BLONO CODE 981
= 65
115=9
RED, WHITE, PUREL
10 .
CAN ATLANTIS
MESIACK
But As
FOLLOW
2 FOUND MERA TARTELAS

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 778, "chars": 4344, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 20
WELLINGTON ROCKS, TUNBRIDGE WELLS
As I stated in the first section of these reports, that.
Section 40iscovered an Arrow Head burial within the
Grove Tunbridge Wells, and my observance of his actions aroused my interests as to why the arrow pointed in a
The research later undertaken using the codes of colour lead us to find a complex and object within the area of
the rocks and having established those facts, and later finding that there were what we would call crop circle /
energy circle crashes with remains around the area and life form remains which did not conform to the norm
In respect to human burial, and our searches spread further out ward with major finds thus reported in later
sections of our notes.
This report is being written on 27/5/2006 and in the week prior a new contact came on to the scene showing a
great interest in dowsing . Having shown him how the system worked and he being a local chap during our chats
it was established how we got started and some of our findings, and Mir X having now purchased his rods went
out hunting to confirm some of our finds so reported to date.
I was a little puzzled when next day he returned saying that he was able to use the system and it worked for him.
also on maps and that he had looked at the area of the Wellington Rocks and found links to our crash / energy
circle finds at the rocks, he however, had not looked at the area of our first find so has not found the major item.
Today. I started on a sheet of A3 paper and drew in mind the rocks and went through the codes to see what X
There is however a
difference in the rocks site and the other sites in so far as, not all the codes are active . Working through the
system I have established that only samples of the inside of the energy circle are present and as exploded radio
active, just as you would find in Japan on the map, that it seems that the Mesolithic people as we had stated
prior, had found the crash site now on the Spa Hotel Golf Green and cleared, with only slight traces of deposits
› that the early peoples had drilled holes into the rocks and implanted remains as a symbol of how they revered
the finds and the same system that these peoples had adopted in other areas of the country in implanting special
objects into their standing stones.
This find rather confirms all of our prior finds and that it was by chance that we picked up the other finds at the
start
Also in the week prior to drafting this report I had been informed that Time Team had found the first ever
complete Roman furnace on the outskirts of Tunbridge Wells which will no doubt feature in a forth coming
programme, but such a find shoots down the myth that the Romans never came to this area,, In fact our soil stain
expert has found a site of a Roman attack on the Celts to rid the area of the Druid forms, and that a certain area
is nothing else than a listed grade one park is wishful thinking, that this system of dowsing only works for the
Vietnamese in finding their war dead, by maps and going to the sites and finding the buried bodies and then
confirmed in scientific situation under army observance and their government funding. And that Nottingham
University has started a course for dowsing surveying to find underground tunnels in the north to assist in
building constructon. One can turn a blind eye as the science may not fit ones beliefs ,but facts speak for
themselves by results and those who will not conform will be left behind as the march of out true origins will be
uncovered that will result in much re drafting of past history and a great advance in scientific terms for mankind,
that, Douglas Adams when he wrote his much acclaimed book Hitch Hikers Guide To The Galaxy and his
answer to life and all things was 42, has indeed been proved correct, as the Druid code of life colour being Red,
Pink, Grey, Silver and Green in colour terns 9, 13, 2, 12, 6 add up to 42. The codes no doubt being what the
advanced inventions came from in respect to Da Vinci.
While I was doing the code tests on the Rocks an interested bystander took an interest. Within five minutes
map findings, so all can learn to use these codes which will result in an exact find rather that a wished for find,
you can guess a length of wood to cut, or you can measure it for an exact result, this is what the codes of colour

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 531, "chars": 2941, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DOWSING BY MAP FROM UK, OVER GREECE
The enclosed hand formed map shows section A and section B.
A/ A is an area of interest in the Lassie area of Kefalonia, where in 2004 fossil casts were found and passed
to the Natural History Museum for a date which was said to be circa 20,000,000 years of age, but although
some of the casts were animal, dowsing by colour showed that some may have been human and being in
stone, washed on to the beach.
Knowing that human life being set at 20M years would set another world record, I have had a further look at.
We have found what appears to be a wood henge site that is now mostly under water and contains burials
but also the same signal is being picked up on land, which is some nine feet higher, so there has to be a
reason for these strange findings, and this is our result.
This part of Greece suffers earth quakes and major volcanic problems as we all well know from the 1952
event, so it came of no surprise me to see scientific equipment around this bay in 2004 looking at why the
bay is getting wider every year and that the sea floor is dropping thus the beach is shrinking •
My dowsing has revealed a volcanic situation forming in the bay which is creating gas and thus upward
Forces thus other areas are dropping in level below the sea, so this drop has allowed the land to sink in
relation to the water levels and has worn the burial site away, but as we have dated the site at about 7700
years and that the last volcanic activity being circa6000 years ago any burials would have been burnt within
the ground and as the inundation of water formed over the site the burials became casts of matter filling the
areas where bones once were, and 6000 years later bits are washed up on the shore as strange stones, but
There are however still burial both female and male still on shore that have become deeper that they would
have been a there point of burial. The original wood piles of the henge still give a signal as do the three types
of original burial within the circle, 1/ being a wood pile with animal sacrifice, 2/ Being pit holes in an inner
circle in which fish or mammals of the sea were placed, no doubt pointing to a fishing village, and the third
inner circle being human burials, Myrm is also showing as is also strong amounts of iridium that are from the
crust in this area resulting in its problems today.
site is most likely part of the original event as indeed is the volcanic soil on the beaches in the area and the
lava crusted rock formations around the Lassi bays.
Part B of the map shows the present volcanic activity as a vent forming area in my opinion, and is part of the
larger area forming in the centre of Lixour Bay. One further point, that the 1952 event point was within one
mile of our findings.
It would be good for the henge site to be recorded and a close examination of the wood piles and land based
burials to fine tune what the dowsing has discovered.

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 467, "chars": 2509, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
eer

me

Poe es
EE SR Sv TE

Behan Shae ears

Risin wiasen te itinay mi tener 4 a z ist PE Ds
eats Bee ms ier tents pee ‘3 LE arats

Sonne eure cae if Hee Sa : oe BS Fao
Race oe yee tana 7S Brees ene i rae °

BS
3, a

erie Rees “idbapree! A
SERS S pangs mae aces at 4
4 ch Spe ee sure eas a aan Gis Rey
ass : Pinups : sen eters alae ie aes Beoahe i
ay SN eRe te Restotet eit te ie
ts es

Meters

fo i bh

FO hog tat he wigs ayn ae irene ttt ee eteer

[3 EA

{PAT hc aN FeA peas

bold
fi

ie

soi nes VEEN,

pf eho

ge &

a
“P
sit Pare ent Ror

7
a

Fe

]
pot agin Brass:

sore grt sab age ESS ES ey OA as perenne ee TY

ma

yeaa A ferncn ersten tate a
i
ee

i

i
¢

peas watt

Renan

sag

Z

rd
foams tet ge

Gb

ve

2.
ae

the
im "y
at
Pad ‘Wiase
4
we

ed

3

is,

a

Bae

vi

HEAR?

By iataamnit

Uae eet rele
ee ee
Pierrranentacts

ne a
i |
oe

po ee Se pao : ferent erp

rh ib 4 zi , oo
 . —

ae : Ha aioe - a : ey : j
Serer Re Sp pal gen Ney aa Soe giceeae tee aan Py aetereatiee ca Be gaa i 5 4 ae: ‘ ; iF
OC. ee ee Se es
arte phe eset ir hpog tog sitar oe ene s : a

RUBEN Gate nea MEU RAnOONERS

ae
ae at

Hee

ee ae = ae
eo
fo
i . eta apaeele -

cst oa : f rc;
eeoe aed Fence ; Seale : fe 8 : ome

- pret

et Seer ese peers se aent aaa ens aes
sata Tareas psraency e cece pike siipese el tahe einieey f2 fost theta ttieanegen
‘2 etwas tae ee pave ae ae % eae aot Ia ati ores ae ti ta er

Sebitut ss = Seda
i igrsee reine EE Ae

af pagent apy cet OS

hey

Ett agra #5

teat,
78a a

Fa Corie MAM PETS Pee renee Vets 5

tt

Ste pies er eto

ae

keene tuntacan

phe

-

Fa

Prt.

a

Nee

J
f

F

I

=e,
a,
ate

MPH

EF

eis

aay Bet

TRE fgg ME yh SA ENP REN ALE Ce tt ade SET

s

ee

il

-

ANG be

MTTEk UBER REG

i;
é

ie
i

i

aps

é

ers

if
r
BP
=]

]

hal

’ é
eu
ae:

CARE

ge
fe

gs

-

ea

ft

i

fh

(
&

ride

tS

GBs

ae
fe
>

g

bees

ae
rita
ta

oat

El

£

Re Ay

.
ee

i

if

Ly

ae

ees

si
tt

cod

#

esr ET Ae, tre saa

arate

Ft

Pr

wepine Bude

f

Bnet
mt

ay

a

SFE Mee awe.

i

f

Bue

SS

"ay

wh

A

rH

1
3
Lk
aa

pS

Rai ae ap he pte Me

f

oe

TUTE,

tht ert

ath F

Di

AY ENE:

ire
és

a ke
boas

k
F

Ea

Torani a eee
ee

i

fi

6a

mt oe

& bbs

&

ae
5

Spanier tenn eres rea nce see tA

fe
rhe defi

=

ve

ha

a

eB
y
i

ae

RCE TE mri tern
see
£6

ae
—_

&

€
athe

2

Fe
x

id
Be

iy
4 “od,
se"

&

&
ma

t

papnpemaats Sona AP

H

&

7.
ng
é

fiat

&i

a

a

me,

OR

a

Li

G4

a
a:

Piel
é
fs
f
ie

f

ato

v

om
aah

v

:

.
7
Eg

ry

oe
#
seit

&

“

Trt
€

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 1933, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Witeny fac 0

are

seinen cggumeny= a em a a

ers Fares
an

fi

#
~~

<_

Sh Fae

peer

ae ee
4
i
a

Lit BE 2
PETRA Spt a ert:

an

are

ape eee ee atet

a

its

hte

és

ee
aS

&

Fe,

a
san ff

F
™

TEAS titi timed

Ai ae EERE,
iad

abe:

i
d
;
r
ireetta:

sar RAR Ve teteie bs essere io
Part beeen ee Garite et

feet is
a ae

gue

te,
etraaate Se ee ree a

parable
—

cee
Tames

a

wie mieten
= eee

ts

tren,

on
Tete
RO nw erece,

a

ee,

sin Soe tt es th
ot

; oe
Eee
Sat

Senta meee ope

ceTIETMTR 08 TET ect eA Tn ct TRE eI EO
ee

eras

a iS ree ae ey Sanne nae cvne

: ees ee
Saf tel ats ae stipe Nit pai aiaidaaonepern pr vif

i;
sara ee
rie

oe

Pie ane
ae

weg

Lan

ae

de

Seed ett aes
Sear ones ap een eens >
oe oe XS

Beeciart cater ca a " es eaeeithe
“EEC ae eee Eee RS CRS Se

Sa nae ee ia aantaTite Caine rie toaen gic, So icotbcakte ea ened at he

i a tant at EET Aan A tae LEE T te abs gaa.

& :
at eget eve

i
-
ae

ante
epee EEO

a giigcchatetd 12

nity

ara?

Hine

Ey

ees
apr re nT Ld patteiane aie

é
&
Fal
art aa
ate

sg ab pun ae LAT EEE IE

~,

saat EMORY Lane ne ata OEE

8, ein
ft ,
sr .
sp aaenss

&

were tee Hoe
pees eT
eae et

areata

a URES EEE Ee

srg dfawi ended bitte soit
ii

ee ert ihe pita ad
ee

«crt pen ann nga suns ice bae ena pak SE eon ter 6 Ep Ene EE Bg . rae lean Ria ae
gocegartaaneecrnn tia eS Ges Bae ae ee oes : ee aru ee ae me
Ean ees oes ee eee RS
if a use ae siaeieee Wecrecden peice daciseds sche eset aa % : : : : HE te ;
ae : sere i z
if

ss 2
tee eetenals

—

er OR any er Rae SH tre Ee aa
sat pa x

SIRES Ama Ma Rear eine
oo 2 ee

Sar irape horas vei Wrent cients

Sara Deities RR Me Rea Tae

‘ rs, trata a rutin aera tas at
fe het ce ee

fi yait

Beane e

ee fare

ee

oe

: ae : Q ie ; ae ,

ae i)

Setters

ae ee ae
stile grea ola a SV Sead Ce GEE ieee

erteremanpanet’ Sess pint es Pi ctead ee Cone ea Ey eee Ate

Epic thee asics ERO SSE a EN EROS HF EEE E erat Ses

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 696, "chars": 3876, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 21 KEFALONIA, GREECE 6/2006
During 2004 on our visit to the island, 20,000,000 year old casts were found from the sea in Lassi, also, only just
having mastered dowsing I noted volcanic activity in the bay around Lassi, as did Bristol university who were
doing tests that year by use of their own system.
The casts were taken to the Natural History Museum London, and were so dated, also our colour code and map
talk about our system, which we agreed to subject to further testing.
Odysseys burial and palace were on the island, stating writings of Homer and Plato, so I thought that this would
be a good testing ground for the system, although on holiday, I would try and test the system to trace the
Odyssey links and find out what was going on in the bay of lassi.
I started from a good map of the Island and made up colour codes for Odysseys Palace and his own code plus
black and Yellow for death,. When Fomer was mentioned I recalled from my younger day the stories of Jason so
I enquired a code for him and so made up the codes.
At the same time I contacted the travel company to try and link me to a local interested person and contacted the
that my findings could be used to further the knowledge of the island in connection with this quest. I created
larger scale hand drawn maps of the areas that reacted to the colours FROM MY STUDY IN TUNBRIDGE
WELLS ENGLAND and plotted ley lines settlements and what seems to be a lost town or city where a reaction
I also traced Odysseys palace and what would have been his treasury, the location of a very grand building
looking out over the sea, but his treasury is built onto a defunct druid three cave system with linking tunnels.
just like the ones we have in our own town.
the beaches, but they are in cast form as they have been subjected to volcanic activity, turning the bone into ash
then into lava crust, then broken up into objects like stones to be washed up onto the shore, where people pick
themup not knowing what history they are handling.
The area of the lassi beaches is special as the island is called the Island of The Scull and has long established
links to the orders of St George, or the Knights Templar The land mark castle of St George having all the
tunnels to the sea and into the main town over great distances just as we have in our town.
Now the most important deposits are also in this beach area, code 41, a life form prior to code 42 which gave the
colour knowledge to the normal human types, a life form that liked to be resident in hot gassy volcanic active
chain and gave us the mind to add to our brain. I will also be looking for remains of code 41 which links to 888
and other matters, hence most of us dream of flight, a function we no longer posses, but the mind records.
I have also noted the woodhenge bas human burials around it and they are turned to stone by the volcanic
activity, which has taken place over tens of thousands of years . We all know about the devastating earthquake in
1952, but some 6000 years ago the island erupted, and will again, and from the drop of the beaches in Lassi and
the quakes that the build up of the action is again taking place with an estimated vent point of about 60 years +.
The bay of Lassi was not under water 6000 years ago, and only became a bay after the then volcanic action
which dropped the land levels, for the sea to flood in thus swamping the Woodhenges and settlements which are
Further observations traced, are, what seems to be ftalian war dead in the fields near where lots were removed
along the coast road to the light house, also in the next but one bay from the hotel seems to be four bodies in the
sea quite close to the shore and perhaps the remains of some sort of boat. These remains only date back to the
war I await the results re 41 and Odyssey. I also report extensive code 42 burials along one coast which are

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 505, "chars": 2830, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 22 ,THE WOODHENGE SITE AND CODE 41 FOUND
doing a short report on the code 41 based on my findings and finds to work from.
coded, I had no bother in finding in a very short time code 4 1.
need of residence in a volcanic sea and can only be found in three island sites within the Ionian Islands and the
Holy land
phosphates, but a chlorophyll blood system. There is both male and female, and dowsing will respond within the
from the sea some 2780, 000,000 years ago..
GREEN
The infusion created by 41 linking with ape created a non blood but calcium and silicon life form which will
match the 41 code of colour but also added PINK, WHITE, SILVER, BLACK, YELLOW, as you would have
been informed prior in the notes up to 22, if you put a wrong code into the dowsing, it will kill the response
dead, so to accept the human code female it has to be within the sample so dowsed, by the colour codes, or
The Siren was also known as a Mermaid, but from dowsed samples, there was both male and female so chaps
we now have the Merman.
As this life form became land based it infused with code 42, and the original 12 sites were set up world wide
and this form created the underground cave and passage forms along the lines of the ORION star system, which
has also been the base of the Pyramids built on such a system as indeed other systems are in the Greek islands
and the UK, also USA, but the Greek system is not an original from the 12, but one of the expansion sites as
modern man expanded out.
The Woodhenge site is on a beach called SIRENE BEACH after the Myth, and the word myth is only truth
In secret form, so call it a myth to fudge the issue, that my finds have come from that beach so named, resolves
this issue once and for all.
Other finds were also made on the site as water edge pick up finds NOT DIGGING, if you know what you are
The rest I will go into in my full report in section 25, but I will end this section with the results of the 41 finds
us until some 44000 years ago, when modern man started to fully expand out world wide and the old ape man
died out.
Today we are about to do exactly the same as took place above, to create a human computer chip with DNA into
a droid form to go where we are not able to go and water is the basis to form any new life for assimilation into a
new environment, just as the form did when it came here.
FINDS
MALE, FEMALE CODE 41, X1X10, X12,X50,X15,X51, PHOSPHATES CODES 41 PLUS
HUMAN MALE AND FEMALE DECEASED
41, ORIGINAN, NO PHOSPHATES X52.
The maths are also pointers as 1150 years = 7, the sprite white code, and 1375 = 16 so 1=6 ALSO = 7 THE
SPRITE CODE WHITE, but the 225, 000 years aad up to
9 being the buman computer mind end
code the mind working on colour and the brain converting into numbers. Dowsing by colour and numbers into
radionics which is a science form.

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 3, "chars": 14, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
aie! oi B he

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 25, "chars": 123, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
. a Pam ag heat gr yf wis Me pide be
Keds THe Abit PEE Ege

J

ty } Ob £8 2b &y fb

A MR gad & CASES — OFF SF OPA

IGE Sb

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 37, "chars": 236, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Bowe. Var ces

LAREHIILT I i
( ¥ ($0" CHAS

OPO S €8 bed ea

} . fi ALSSIB
. [Adve TREES aa
\ Lege je BE » begs FAME;

!
Fs i x
Ab erisivie 2 theca (S8*]

~~

nit

oF
ee

fhe,
en Lid

hah

ty,
*~ A
“

SAR etd dretogs
Poe

ee
fiefs 2
ae

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 399, "chars": 2357, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ae saris THe

&

moe, we ¢ :
i LEE if gh

ae Saami

ma, i

[0 miles

15 kilometres

Bldenpoith | Wee pk

CarregTiow |
— iF

1
Soe

on

Rive S : ~

Absraniy, poe
m3 : Aberaeran f wn . fn a
' . ‘hfs _* . td Tes :
\ pe Pennant - FED rae
Mes Pans f | YY hee.
a lohacnty | jaz cee LL a ‘ Gul
Naw Ff ue Ne eer oe _— if \
Coe 8 ; Quay pie as y-ffings poy — be i : be i. A
- toe me, fi ae oe an _ ? f oa i : ? an a ,
Mew Quay aN Hime a - fe wi FE tang
(Coinewyad) A fs ede WATI-OTIA hy el an Gileennin Mt A - ae aoe { :
va Al i euadd ; ‘, a € Af
| ON iB Crosstk’ if Tankiglats 2. Aero Ss. Brynogh/ Nrefilan,2277 a Gi
Yael ee statist yi ; gr mE Aaa7) oA oe : oy
: Mnys-Lochtyn an / “inept is Ye aa . ve ee Barthes / : ror
“ fo Te 4 | fete - VS 2 ol Ystrad A Aerds, ° ti — a mets a
; io Abeivndatyd YOK, A wf OAR Sy Ding eee ~~ Bhermaurig fy
“enarenai Len Fave ae s\ wh et . ae i ra ‘NS Mydr iin oO Ps Ta an
a ean ay Ve wet oynod fans f gr aval afar } seas. ae oS
: oF Se ‘ Be Spat “ tet a has ann Ss - Eye: \ ON ec rm way F fb
Panaribach Fa “SC Weril y Phang ? ea / a a i . Ri i eee | “i est Bang fo
; - Penhrye, aye BROOKS a oon i f fi. Cal adihydiau 7: Be Ad fl
Parcllyng Ab giporth; Frese a ‘\ M , : a Z
f ee a poe a ' ae - i [ins +f ew
r ‘s {oa oo - { ae ar an
Koneres 7 Tan- vigroos) pealad | pO aa CY ein on a a af . ape St Si
pei OE _ “Ginna Hen; 7 : oe a pos t
pt Trerain: we Ed “Sy a | U/ ah Aber i ‘SA \ i
\ ~ Castell bX,
; C
i

parg. Pa at

mor fF
ie

gc hyde oo Lapel ( i a

a are oo

wy os Ot ie é ,
‘. ! if ~

ordeltin, ' "

i,
aN
ce AN 8 Pik
nelle Vesonaaties, “Mev wee Ue-Em

viweandeg

im
‘ f
~{aendgn i
rs |
ie ee

ee

f ong

Fan

ee a

sy, | :
ae / ™ “L : / ar?

& Noyads..

ee
Fa

a Pe Ne

wlvoveyde 7

Fe ring MF if NY ml ~

fh ant?
Cwm Oya! Cert

Ee

mia. Penrk grt At

Soe NS “

cont ba - oi Lanwipio
‘

POEM YES, |

jh aS ee Evan,

La ‘,

 rovtcg

ae

eee ~i

4 aN
Hawen 7" BAL
Ze pal *

of

. Maasit fy § Tee-af

nen ford i va

enh ail ae abu clavitd—,_ J By

Rhos f | i
poe / oe arena iS

ow

*. “ag oes nan mtd

a

4
NO EG a

fe in

in| e

4

5 a
we

fe.
{ S&€ ets He

Cwwrtenewydd ss c - _

Lae dysul hope

Fetetog

he an

‘ — a ee

ra

; (Sage ida Cay if -

na eS

Roe eon MO i 7
pos AO. Gwerndgle -

a , 4 al

és LE § ae

AM EG&G FF
LthbEaes

| &4 SES eee i BAD

_ bt 8608 ad set SS
vary avee

Pde s Ebbepeas COm Gr

‘
i
f
i
\
i F y "a

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2202, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 23
Locating The Holy Grail, By Radionics
The human mind and brain form part of an organic computer with the mind storing all information in colour
computers do
formation and have number powers, these number powers form into the number codes which unlike the colour
Colour codes as follows
Purple
Grey
Blue
Orange
Yellow
Green
White
Red
Black
Gold
Silver
2
Yellow + Green =GOLD 11
Holy code
9
Dark Energy
12 Grey + Orange +Green =SILVER 12
Pink
the colours of the round table, as seen in Winchester great hall.
10+11+12 = LIGHT, TIME AND DECAY, also =33
THE ARK
Orange + White + Gold + Black = 4,7,11,10 total 32 X each number = 3Ø80, then 3+8 =11
1+1=2.
end code
THE HOLY GRAIL
The Father
Contents of the Grail
Orange + Blue + Yellow + Purple + White + Black = 4,35,1,7,10 total 420g = 42 Alien code 4+ 2=6 is also
end code
THE SON
Orange + Yellow + Blue + White + Black = 4,5,3,7,10 = total again 4200 = again 42 Alien code 4=2=6 is also
end code
THE HOLY GRAIL, is same colour as Ark, but in different formation, the mind will also fine tune like powers
by colour variations
Orange + Gold + White + Black = 4,11,7,10 = 3080 =38 = 3+8 =11 End code 1+1 = 2 However, you add the
end codes for Son + Grail which is 2+6 to total the special number 8 as the ancient number code for Christ was
888 and the importance of this will be shown further on,
As with above you also add the end total for the Ark to the Grail which is also 2+ 6 which is again the special 8
code, so now we have two X 8
MARY
Pink + White + Silver + Red + Purple + Blue + Black + Yellow = total 62= 6+2 = 8, however, being human, the
workings out were on a different basis, you multiply the numbers in the second stage to give 13,7,12,9,1,3,10,7
=2063880 total 27 end code = 2+7 = 9 the mind computer code, being that pink was part of the code the
multiplication is in the part two of the working SO now we have three X 8 = 888, hence the configuration of the
burial ground is a iron cross 16x8 =888 laid in an area of Celtic graves removed in shape of a cup with 3 ley
lines over cross and one cross over, total 4 in all.
All codes can work over maps, at any distance, and in space. This could be regarded as the Da Vinci code.

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 264, "chars": 1612, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE END WORKING NUMBER CODES
END CODES
2 THE ARK
6 THE FATHER
6 THE SON
2 THE HOLY GRAIL
9 MARY
all total up to 25 so end total 24-5 = 7 the holy sprite code White,
THE PART END CODES
11 THE ARK
6 THE FATHER
6 THE SON
11 THE HOLY GRAIL
all total up to 42, the alien code 4+2= 6, thus you add the alien code 6 to the sprite code 7 = total 13
and the next lot is as follows
for the end codes 2,6,6,2,9 by X = 1296, added up = 18 =1+8
For those so able of the blood line their minds will so code with the mind information within their data banks as
per the mind computer in round table.
number 8 is in the shape of a J, thus the grail number 8 for blood and J for Christ.
so the codes are as follows DRUID LIFE FORM remains as found around world.
9= RED
2 GREY
12 SEVER
6 GREEN total 42 code for alive or deceased 9x13x2x12x6 =16848 =27
no blood no calcium AND SAME CODE FOR ANY SEX TYPE.
HUMAN MALE DECEASED
13=PINK
7 = WHITE
10=BLACK
5=YELLOW, black and yellow =death and bone
35 3+5 = 8 0R
= 286650 = 27247
HUMAN FEMALE DECEASED
13=PINK
7 =WHITE
10=BLACK
5=YELLOW
48 NOW THE HUMAN BLOOD CODE 9X7X1 = 63 6+3
=Q
THE JOINT UNION ALIVE REMOVE BLACK AND YELLOW
THUS ITS 13+7+9+7+1 =MALE WITH BLOOD ADDED TO 13+7+12+9+7+1 FEMALE WITH BLOOD =
TOTAL 86
NOW WE SEE THE IMPORTANCE OF THE OLYMPIC IDEAL BASED IN GREECE WHERE THE LIFE
FORM.STARTED THE ALIEN mirror image = 14 bronze 15 13 hunan
silver 12 2td and gold 11 3rd
gold as you could exist by it in making tools, gold or wealth has no meaning with the life form.
mother origin is with a line through it = no value in their, the alien code, the code of the creator.

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 122, "chars": 761, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
bY Staenrsee NN

et, ? (4G BTS ae ‘,
& Aisin seny x \
AVA TRL /

TICE Crp Ae

et OE ROIES

7? SO4Ae AN

ee TO ce

isa

‘>

SgAl

| oa ¢ : |
$ A yeh ee _fing 6089 Sure gee? anys | |
ny hike | Crt v AA “a Pas VALe af wep pee
; in Se } Volt H® ISOS MO Cabely yyy | | a
; 4 + | | \ etevnes )
\ Fs Pree Dp oe | \ ss
\ : 42 Gasuey secre \
\ K PIax ded : FN ; | |
. " ornate Bey if /
\ S$ 90 years \ c Wart Reese p | / [ feared Ave )
| ee Ae ar " ; i :
gy Cnaud oF fee A —— 3 a Man : al
“Fox ‘
AnD ated, LHbal CARES
“ALTE ADA oF

oT?

Fieve file aS

Set FR SHARPS
CLA Sitire
CVA sod §
“vrs A & gat sxnrro peste
etl Pg FREY

of
ten

Lately Lar { nn |

|

Wich ene a ar nga RRR A ar mR eet hema LA

« \
A\ \
4\ |
i i
f i
/ &
/ Se S
/ S&F sive , = §

r
|
Wal hil Fe

eee

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 63, "chars": 502, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE CISTERCIANS, CARTHUSIANS
AND PREMONSTRATENSIANS
ENGLAND AND W
Cistercian Abbey-M Combs DOday
Carthusian Priory-s finion BHacherse
Premonstrabansian Abee-& Baynan O Ottam
Pricry-A Homey a talendar a Charitan
(Oxford was a Cistersian Coffee, stder a praisoi)
Scale of bie to
STRANGE
USA
8CF 1)
WORD
1 77807 15
14 173ALF F218
A ROCHLEY
HAS BEEL
B/aunt Grace
Old Byland
Meaux
1& Kirkstol!
99 41A 20
THE Premet
Leiston ®
veriey
121010
NITE, THE COUN
JO0 A70%
PUT SQUE
RITAVE BIAL BE LASE
ThE Hey 07989i

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 77, "chars": 563, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE GRoUęŚ
125 00
PARM
PLoM
ARRA
SILVER IZ
GARAGE
Rin
Your biîś
RED
PINİ
GREY
SILER 12ŚŘŚÙ
Cos 6
ROUGH IDEA
SUA
ІНЦЕСТО
ONLY 150Q 0705îŚ
AU GRAO NAVE
SUTHBELH9
GREW HEAD
NORMA CA22UM
BUCKINGHAH
C0zo
13
516856 12
Cotty I
З Кони
ORANGE > 12
2
SAURA 12
AROMA S
206р) (анає Ки
SILURE 12 AREA 10
Green t Your s
RSo i
Past 13
Gest 2
S/4 HầG 12
GREEA 6
SHUEE
CRES
REST NASHES
I GBY 2 T
Pite 12 SLUS 1Zś
LE/ 270082
+ VITEX A ANOS
CASTUS SO
0IL 25 CRAWN THERENS
A PERSE
OF ROMAN OROM LEANTTA TANNEN
BY ANIMAL URN, NOT GENTIC
MAN TEAM
NO GRANES WITHIN O
Gascis
AED
FREEL L

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 342, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARYSTONR
517R
•VErAMO
WARRA
NATNA
TRUST BULANEL
AO HRUSA
RICHTE
HERSTMONCRUX
HA SINę
3X1X9×4X2×5
= /050
1+6=ąșšŚł
BLu&
Funne i
3+1+9+47275 RкO
= Zt
2 x L = 8
Ormo: 4ęŘ
24
363 = 1źŘ
Isfield
Spithurst
Rose
HII
arcombe
Urea
Ridgewood
Horsted
Green
/ Lntle
Horsted
THE
Mount
Ephraim
#5 7768 tyst A50
O Beo dehy Systełął
Ans day how tes to biese.

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 74, "chars": 539, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
j
. an
fo
4
if
ii
; 1
~ é 1 -
. } Bee 7 .
“Y <
/ j
i r
F
AA
cneeneeemerttet of i

ioc
TO eer Ha RNAI Pa oe }

Te
ea

at
\

. ” _ a“ /

s
w,
are

Eslale

ae . E
ill a i i a oa

a,

S Me
: te my ae 4 +
7 é Tannets ‘\ ‘,

a SS ‘s,
*: N
1
TT % | / /
eos 1 Ss i /
Fs .
wie f f louse oa was liu ‘ i!
Se As an Pilgdm Hal :
SOS i r
Honay's Gieen

i

H
i
{

: i
pa i}
} Fl
I
fof
/ A = .
a ’
a =
f,
fe
raha
je ;
fan
Fatt) =
id]
if
i :
i |
boy:
Voy
i |
E .
1 rf
t *
i
|
it
1
i
FH
se
ty me, t

é

a
~

‘ in
Mu
a
i
:
}!
fy
Af

ee nr
‘ er re Lae

‘
if

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 462, "chars": 2531, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 24 ODYSSEUS PALACE, JASON AND THE WOODHENGE SITE
to resolve some mysteres .
drawn maps.
Early AM while the beach was empty I conducted a rod site study of the henge and as report 22 states I found
colour codes.
WAST SALL LEF
another ring of animal burials and an outer sea creature ring of burials . The tree trunks were sunk to quite a
depth. around the site would be the normal graves and within these were laid natural, but interesting little stones
as grave offerings, all this was about 8500 years ago, and since the volcanic action happens quite a lot about
6000 years ago another action sent the sea further in thus eroding the sites and burial grounds to fall to lower
levels and get mixed up with the fossil and cast forms washed up to the shore by the sea today. So are out of sink
in depth in relation to each other.
BAY EYE CAN
JENN
SUE SO LENS REDEA
There is also the situation of the lava and heat burning away the natural calcium and surrounds mixing under
great heat to form stone, just like Pompey so the sea washes up cast hands from those early burials that were on
high ground: and the henge burial levels are now at beach level just under the sand, in fact lava sticks out all
around the bay of lassie and the water levels have gone below the original eruptions of some 10/11 million years
ago.
Now, this site is special as it is a code 41 area of an early life form in the chain to modern man, and those details
are in section 22. Having found on the first day the items of 41, and confirmed the dowsing by map from the UK.
I now turned to the Odysseus project.
I contacted Yiannis and we met in Lixouri and exchanged notes and fixed a date to go around areas and test the
dowsing.
Prior to that event, we had fixed a walking trip in the hills above Lixouri, so during that trip I rod tested for the
During the walking trip, our guide sally pointed out some caves created by an ancient tribe of which little was
known, but straight away I knew that these were the druid caves we have in Tunbridge Wells with the very same
entrances that have in some cased been given jail type iron doors agreed to do a survey and was informed that
tunnels went into the hill side and into small caves and so on. When I returned to the hotel I did the survey and
found the same cave systems we have here in units of three and in the Orion style but there were type 42s buried
at the end cave units but at points there had been collapses due to the earth quakes over the thousands of years.
INTANNILE
42 00 Buen Hi= costs

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 666, "chars": 3573, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The day came for my visit in conjunction with
sectiona@s friend
ectionhal@ lready been introduced to
were fiying in from the states and UK, so the fine pointing to trace the site could be of very great help
I was informed that in past history the Greeks had returned to Egypt to assist in building the Pyramids and that
the tribes came from that part of the world, and indeed went further into Europe and it is thought England, well
the site of those tunnels can confirm that, at that point it was not known how they carved through solid rock, but
I spoke of the crystal heat and ruby to create via the sun a laser beam, that might be the reason for the lenses
they found at one site, and did not know what they were used for.
We started out on this trip, a hot and dry day and we went in the direction of Atheras and all along the road the
Sectiopiano that near where I stated the Jason
site was known to be a temple and then he spotted steps on a hill top he had not seen prior. I stated that the Jason
burial site was on the other side of the hill and near the road to Zola, and that the new finds were on the very
Sectiorid4@here I had rod pointed to the palace was known to be a very
large sea going cave system in which during the war the Greeks had hidden a submarine underground. and that
from that cave system there were shaft going up higher but again due to rock falls were not passable now, I said,
but under the palace is another of those druid cave systems, on the Orion style and that no doubt just as we have
in the UK converted those tunnels for military uses Greeks had done the same, so that the palace was in rubble
on the top with all the other matters going on below , no doubt Odyessus may have hidden his own ships in that
cave with passages into the palace above, but that the area where the site was would require a special team as
there were no roads into the area and it was quite a distance, but that this new information would be passed onto
the team and would be looked at which was the whole point of the test and visit, so I felt vindicated
At another road stop I was again asked what I could find and this time there were NO burials under the road, OK
dug in the 1930s and nothing else since, so I did an on spot study and found that there was still a grave
to dig in the tomb, but all around this tomb were others which Sectiona4 Oot known and I said that
there was a response to gold and that the area should be noted to be studied, I was informed that Athens
would be informed.
690: 02070 8
COURS RECA
FENNA NURN
(I77 (020 197)
LEATHER
AEL OTTER DOWERO
752205
Vanished and everything was left as it was Could I find anything? So I looked around and a large courtyard
lorhood, I have found burials, they could be old,
Husband was not seen, later a girl came onto the scene and the boy left, then the wife went missing, it was
Suspected that the husband had been done away with. The car is still in the drive as it was left rusting away and
Well they are below this yard I stated, one female one male . When I returned to the Hotel I drew up a map of the
House and did a map dowse and found further finds that there was another response to body parts over the wall
And I was informed that that was the area where the murder of the husband may have taken place but it was
now a long time ago and best left
I await the official visits to the palace site and I hope the Jason site all details have been passed to assist those
Searches and also details of the henge site, but the big event was at the end of the holiday I noticed a plaque on

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 118, "chars": 705, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The botel wall calling the beach upon which the henge was sited Sirone beach, after the mermaid and that code
41 was that life form and not a myth as thought and that those remains were on the beach so named My
samples have proved this by dowsing with colour and that you cannot put wrong codes together and that the
human male or female burial code goes with the code 41, so they are both linked as of the one.
HOUSE
XX Moes & Yes
DESA
SERP
I Goin
* 5 Yes
| 0434
ANG HUM BEEN BULAT
та
VIEt SIXOURI
seen
ROAD
51MO CODE
G7I AREA
PANTINE TO LODEs
CORT
SEs
070 6u7
JASB6
JASON
BOYSORUS PATTER
Sea Ger Syster
BEHID CHE
PALMER
NOTES dE SECTUN 22
1581 221
Z22I7H,
ТУЕ 82484,
A 26072.
MEGAEL
Pis 1U29 112002
ARO

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 55, "chars": 358, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ODYSSEUSS
PALACE
OFYSSEYS
Benine Ass Douse
AS BREADY USED .
ODYSSEUS GRANG IS IN ITHAKI (ITHACA)
AND RUDOM ARE IF THE THE
SYSTEM USE
3958
ODYSSAUS PALACA
VO BUMBED ON SITE, SITE CRESSED BY LEY LINK
D: 514222
Le I Son to At 2 55 5 0d
F020117 Alą
O = PUTTERY / TIMS
I = BRONZE, COSSAM) RINUS
DENt
MINTED GOROYA
RUINS @ 26" BELOW
Provi
DIO DESTI
AVev
ODESS
of:

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 94, "chars": 561, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
eee a: Fie

fk,

Fa

Db LIE GF ) ep

gare cL
. Tee cel
h

Fn lal

. af TER] : ¢ As ee aa Gi Af cnet
; ta B : BTREL ff A . wi seperate CAT procs

S_ meraauamae Ags Agiannicu
4 og Asp. Apavyros Fj

PAR. AGH’

oA

¥,
“a
a

va S ee , " ’
PARVOUT ¢ agg

: Par

Ge

PAR. AG. KIRIAKIS
HAR AP KYPLAKHY

creas
Bogng &

ZAPAR, KOUMARIA.

ns PARMA

i

&y, Paaprtoc

De
a ne

a . TA P, HETANT

Ta,

"PAR. Sort

i “Axp. Aodgag.-
ee a

oe
° Ag, Pe

Sed
ne”

rae .
a>

eo

Panadia Mavyromata
Tavern, Me Opoucera

Dd

iB
ae
}
f
)

8

Ae ah ery ea
Rs

on pty cama eter

on.
ye

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 106, "chars": 598, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
P THEŚś
AND
CA ALME O
SLATET
2045
LELANA
SurULO GUT
AARONI
LEf Len
Kaaostam
SWEDs
ROUVARATE
LIXORI
AMGOS5821
LASSI
TAKO
LEY1108
SHANG OUT
evita (2677)
PARIKI AS
NEVER SEEN SAIT
FRer PIAN 2S2ANO
AZ50 7H FEMAL
Leso stAR BAiN IE
ANOTA LIER I
KALATION To THAM FARAER
IID THRA AAM A
SAA CHANNIE SALMI
TR 1S2AND INIART
MATin Meren Sord 6e"!
Yuan Bee CAusio nh
musti Go str!śł
CRAnE THK LeLLi
ARTUrY FRONT TOOM
SAITTNE DIR PUET
IIDA ISy O LOiM PER
Yose np Dee Basen
MARA SANE LOST ARAND
THt Bing Ats LANs Sinits
Pow tysŚśł
A VER/OLO
SEITAUOY
PEL PER BEBA
AT p A'Le
WUOR HATA PE AASIA
So md 206rper yam en

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 49, "chars": 369, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ENZARER SCALA
CoDE
137,10,3
X = FEMBLE BURION CODA
13, 7, 12, 10,5
B= HUMAN $290 (WHEN SPAT 173 SIGNAL IS FOR EVER ON SOLO STONE) 19,7, 1A
1 IS ME IN ARE CROVE
INSOM CaMA CODE 13,72, 8,19,5|
SITE DE AULOO
TENTE STE
- GRINZA
SirR e 3500/4000 Years
І : Ротову ні Вар
Jase Coma
ROAD TO ZOLA
XXXX#xxxxxxxXT
*x*xxXXxxxx+XXX+
xxxxxxxx
+* +
LEY
LINE
Can Tierdu
FURTEA ON SOME

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 283, "chars": 1635, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
SPOOR LS ee (be i) 20
wd ME sl by fel et titig 64 ¢ , ject

FCCGS FEB MATH APE UPTEE EER

of fed HH, OPE ABCD Fa bet bitery db AGE

Fu ret ae Bo od A coe g~ Ae FY PF

fags gp go
OTE OF
“Antalya
.. Rérlest

; Askandariyd |
».. (Alexandria) ¢
ee)

& e bd coe Berm TF + saanitha!

ide
oF TAG

SEL hieséa

a

ale aaees

te
A

a

rat
*

. " ‘ 7 a ut Hi cif Bethe i Reva eh “Fuatse

phe Cu te
3 ed
, ; J 2 et af i ed ated
(hake Nose > ie iene a wg The Ho BEES
, . on vn HO “ 7 . o i : f or ah cong AEE

b Mastin. Has amg (ERS Galeraend Ss

shai aft orm TETRA Late

Bred Catareet 4,

*, i fae H
. ESF 3

Nukhedg |  Dareale f

HA ase

ETE re,

Ain Golaie. a Gar Atrua

4

ert nates
Ne ARN ry ETT on a REE ret ate

mae fare SLT ee A cae ak oe rein oe, , AS Bafa’ oO.
f ooodHt va ~.
i . es \ ED Bawad Med ai

' Kagmars as

K O RD OF E AN Ed. ously Corzine. bs Gedurey
Bere, “HEI Migheza &

8 ;
© Une Ae! a f Uimin Doin NH, SA a no

Vad Bap eet KS Obeid
an oe
En Nohueda” fe ey me ELe

a

ad et He di
ei Ob bare n

t Subba : ,
ubba  Kéboek a) alodi Caer ! : fds ;

KORDOF PAN racy a SE Se ee |

Pete og “Molaka! ;
i ; ; — i
: . 2 oe ee - ° Tet I

7 recap nent an e: oy , g :
a yy c ope ia 3 at. ag !

mB Ay H Be 5 PO Bee

ir ont” ‘Vy Bembari

—- aes sonet hy nt — eae a invnagte ——
3 Org tdi

Oe tae et “3 i seperet hr Eke + ; y -
Samer: a noi B25 CONGO), Anan . te : : “hg ii
Bere Morgedtaboet “beng £ 1 acenat Petey: Ag bol itodng rf
pe EN vs 7
. ee £
COPTRIGHT. GEORGE DNILIP E SON LID. i
D4

a .

a
ae,

4
\
|

wen pene ~_ snares.
fe Sapte tnetirece Seat

Rp pa or Tan
{
i
:
}

FOR co MR he pie

2
2
*
#
#
Py PEIRAT Treen
Ls

on
Sie

™~,

a

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 194, "chars": 1025, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
if

a
oF. Nat dee 3

me

et

PbS

a By

G Garo yvirde,

EAA fy

ieee ee

ADS habe TE AE

*
BE
0 re cr abn
weet

Tey ge ye eek

\
dis

HAduY

o

sneha

1

eine bh

}

} tes

i

ha eat
VAL ea!

ve ae
A NSERIES ESSN

4,

eee ea
Soh ihty

Aa
daa
had

sal

eRe ett: ae,
ae sect

Fae
th

t
Way Ly

i

i
faa

wpa t

iy,

ee
Sal’

t

APPEAL.

MIS

4
4A

edt, 3
we

_

'

a=F

AA gid:

ae

ede

+

ey aati we
waar, eto a ea ae tcf lt tine cbdnteneetees a
sf
" CES AY iat Oy MAS Bee fey ay

Sas lee
See ee

Fast ie
PAL ds,

a
i."

i

-
Sara

mie

i
Prats

nit te F

el
t

ies

PEELS

res

gi at ft att peat teat

re ant ‘tage

tS Ctab re iRise al “3 2

SHELF
Perla yaengi

4

i
vb

Re atid

the sh

ESSA

7

*

4 Bea get aA
¥

Fa

My a

a
y
cand

hae eddy

A

BNE vedicy
tee

urhy

as thigd

KALBA

‘fe
ae gh

*
be

'
ih

at .
venta ee, Fe

oy

Ue eld oh

ite,

¥

DAT SE Re Sy MLE Eta

‘ . 5 ‘age . . .
Sa Tk ted rhe feng hd

eee aT AY

daee fas

Pe'er

baie

WHALE YP
Shee .
SYA yy

peste tg eet reer Deore

vik

4

i

samy gb ar a

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 79, "chars": 446, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
o
cr.

aie See See eer
SETS DRA Trane te eng OTE OETA ST ht teat eet eee ee nye

LE

7
wife

Fd
4

‘ he
A ze
Sef Sy
‘ wae
WE > o—
x berth
A , = :
@ ROY
ort fk
a a

an
~ i Rai BS
poke

sur
-

Lan

a
as

earache
f

as

bk
.
4
ae

*

Fist

Se
Naas

D St Katherine

wLUus
Fal

yo &
CATER

on

é oo tpt Borg
rao ynai me

x =

Paen ‘at wn

i Stenhen
?
Orpus &

sto

iw

a

=e
r
i

CHAPEL

ue
co
a
seed

cALS

Ea
eee
A.
3
Ce

(i
H

re

bu

oe hee.

ase

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 44, "chars": 269, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
a a a

OOD “9 Liner chy hy EERE

CAL WOE) Mtb 4 OF7

LUI OULU S774

a 7
(9 4900) cms Konpl mb mr dary
(47 7dap) Gxteg Aref! 2a v é
. a . - /
OY DOE Rfid, urtept AL apeLse AOnep

ial

udth — arnoas jie + Wedilee Apa 7 jf

arr . fp 3 "Pp hee a EPS
te PONE pelt BAS NM Bf

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 439, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EMPLER TEMPLE
это бабен!
LAVEL
At Port A HoLd The Ross up
WITH ORANGE,
Cas CARD
AND FOR WERE SPENTE. AND.
HEAD IN DIRECTEN UNTLE CAVE
ENDANA, IT WiLL BE A CAR
IVE I SA MADE, AGAN PONT RODOśł
Py S62 PA 76
ALLA .
вехо
Auch
Sar
›Lombez
ravaur
900
toulouse
E Revelo
illefranc
r'et
N: E
*Gauden
aronne
Viella
VH68
Mpeto
Maladetta
Belpech
paamiers
TRA FACE
*Girons O
MtVallier
P.de Serrere,
Monteali
10,105
Carlitte
958¼
ANDORRYPAR EN EE
Sortio

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 415, "chars": 2289, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 25
READING THE SIGNS
While in Kefalonia, in the town of Lassi, there is a cave chapel in which Saint Gerassimos was found dead.
It was during our visit, while looking at the art work that I spotted something strange, and which in the normal
way one would not take any notice, unless you had been involved with the prior 24 parts of this chain of events
Of the three main art work panels, the one showing Christ has the letters O one side of his head and N the other.
I enquired how you would say that letter O in Greek and was informed the same as we do O. then the same for
the N when it's a capital, or lower case is shown as a V. So, we had the letters O and N with a hidden gap in
between.
It came to mind without any hesitation that the missing, or hidden letters were RIO which in Greek stand for
river or small river. So the life giving form of water was the missing three letters making ORION the full word
within that system as an 888 grave I made the link and that this link fits the druid cave and tunnel forms as do
the pyramids;
It was in this cave chapel that my story and discoveries started in 2004, so I gave thanks for the help and
information so provided, but I bave a strange feeling that there is at some point a task to be done, and this
learning is for a sort of divine reason.
There is also he strange fact that one of the four towns in past history was called ELIS and our family name
Ellis is from that origin, and that while reading Mr Browns book on the De Vinci Code he mentions a Keystone
A closer look on the very large road map turned up HERONSDALE MANOR in Waldron and in the Orion line
over the map were Mount Pleasant, near Spithurst, and further over, Mount Ephrain near Ringwood and the
manor forming the design. I now intend to find out where in the manor grounds this stone is, but what is even
more strange, within the wotten history of this manor house, of prior owners are the family name connecting
the Ellis line to Kiddall and the Middleton family and in view that both the Grove and the Calverley Grounds
are also connected, by the Buckingham and Calverley families ,by Thomas Calverley to Anne Ellis, and that
the coats of arms show Templar, the Atlantis codes and the Siren symbols, also showing that the line goes
through France
PEARA

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 47, "chars": 386, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE CISTERCIANS, CARTHUSIANS
AND PREMONSTRATENSIANS
IN
ENGLAND AND WALES
Cistercian Abbey-# Combe DOdey
•Scarborough
Carthusian Priory-SHinion BHatterop
Premonstratensian Abbey @ Sayham © Otham
Priory e Heroir statender achariton
(Oxford was a Cistercian College, adver a provisor )
Scale of is st
Mpisant Grace
M Kirkerali
YOR!
Bencdictines
King sten upon Hull me
@ Tupholm
7R0E ABARS

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 668, "chars": 3625, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 26
THE HOLY NUMBER 2+6 =8
I did not plan that part 26 would cover this subject, as I have had no control as to how or what subjects have been
covered by the previous 25 parts.
On the 29 th June Mr A visited me to see and confirm the Calverley ground site as well as the Grove..
Mr A picked up Vitex Agnus Castus in the grave and that there was a grave in a cross within a cup of graves
removed, and that this site was covered by four ley lines. Mr A then confirmed the Stonehenge site and the
Woodhenge site as did he also examine some of my finds from Greece and seemed to obtain same results as I
We then went over to the Grove site where I pointed out the single female grave at the point of the arrow head
burial, following I asked Mr A if he could locate a response to code 47 along the Buckingham Road grass verge
within the Grove, but his rod crossed early than it should, so I asked him to go to the other end and walk
towards me, and his rod crossed over where it should have, however he continued to walk and the rod crossed
it be I enquired, Well the youngest son Josus, so I enquired, and indeed I received a response, also an iron
This brings me to the most important part of the events leading up to this report 26, Christ died on the cross and
was placed within a tomb and was found to have been taken, risen on the third day. In view of the findings to
If you are of a life form that is as I have said far in advance of us and that you have solved space and time and
you can travel at speeds to arrive prior to your departure, then everything that is written is true. This wouid also
which in view that as a holder of code 47 with a single personal ID colour code a location would be no more
would use magnetic forces to particle transfer, that some form of burning or x ray marks would be left like taking
a photograph, as you can locate persons or matter from the photograph it means that you have not only caught a
you had taken a photograph.
This now makes the so called wild statements from this new American museum, where humans are shown living
with dinosaurs, this can be very possible if this time and space travel is taking place, and in view of the Orion
sign being used all over the world, and seeing locations and religious site also laid out in the same Orion form,
there must be a link and as I have only just been informed that the scientists have now completed the human
As it seems that humanity has been created in his own image, then that which he can do we also could do if we
understand our make up but if there are certain differences to safe guard like happenings, then we cannot do
those things unless you are removed and under go certain physical changes that would allow you to do the same
which is where I feel that these look alike human forms that seem to be reality but can be as us or in our time but
not in our dimension, perhaps called angels, messengers or spirits and one the ancient Greeks knew all to well
about as did the Romans, who tried to stamp it out by trying to remove their genetic roots., just as it seems from
Mr Browns book that there are groups who wish to prevent the truth being out, of creation and all things.
distance and telepathic communication with 42, and their agents and the home planets and their computer banks
form, all by colour codes and magnetic response to diamagnetic and para magnetic codes but with the colour
codes added which normal dowsers or diviners are not able to do in so far as to ask the mind to provide the
codes thai equals the task required, This is indeed the coat of many colours given to Joseph by the Egyptian High

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 844, "chars": 4643, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 27
2+7=9
THE MIND COMPUTER END CODE
AND THE SPECIAL CODE FOR THE SECTION OF THE SECRET
Following sections 25 and 26 I wish to extend into how certain events may have taken place, but firstly today is
the 1/7/06 and in walked into my shop a gent who was a full time lifeboat man for the Dungeness section of the
Channel.
In view of my findings in that section of sea of the power station I asked him if there were more than usual
accident events. The reply was yes, this gent had no idea of my information. Did these events take place due to
instance the seas off Morocco Yes.. Then I explained to him some of my findings and how they were related
These areas are above some of the ancient cities and when you are dealing with a life form that can manipulate
time and space they can be in your time but in their year behind you thus causing huge magnetic distortions to
the norm. resulting in compass errors of up to 4.5 % and greater when active, we know these to be energy circies
or crop circles to the non science community. Just see prior parts written long prior to this gents visit!.
rods at another person without their knowledge and you can scan the ground below them without you having to
do the walking. This is not moral, but the creation of a colour code that is designed to go into another mind
without its knowledge to the real self, you can place a message rather like homeopathy where the water receives
the message and carries the signal to the receptors brain, for instance, water is wine We all know that sharks
can smell blood miles away within the sea so here is the code to go with another that will carry the message to
the mind of the host
RED, WHITE, GOLD, SILVER, PURPLE 9,7,11,12,1 =40, OR
AWEAR,
It has been well recorded by Mr brown that there are quit a few groups who wish to keep parts of the discovery
secret. Some for, some against, several groups are against Rome, and Rome has its own thoughts as to how it
wants to see things realised by the masses, but, the almighty has his own thoughts, and while he is patient with
the trivia of church life and its hangers on and their self ungodly rules that lust for power rather than good, he
will not put up with this for long and will stamp down hard when fed up with the antics, this could be said to be
the second visit that humans wish to always change the goal posts to suite their political ends and their sexual
desires against his teachings, or code programmes which have become virus infected to change out of sink with
true teaching, anything which deviates from the basis is devil driven and will complicate the end programme for
the final completion and freedom of mankind to be as he in science and understanding. no purpose in keeping
each has his own code, and that code is well recorded and each will be judged on those coded tape recordings at
the due time. For the masses when the earth revert to a molten mass each spirit will be consumed into that mass
and lose its identity, for those who pass the test, the spirit will be taken up and to another time to continue its
function within our time, but in its space in our time, or to where the life came from, or its new systems of
groups each with its own thought, but only one way is correct and it does not come with a pension or robes to
I was at a service of thank giving for an individual, and one statement rang true from the pulpit. We come in
Spirit form and become human . How correct that person was, in relation at what is written above, we all have
weaknesses, but we should not be allowed to use those weaknesses to change basic codes of acceptability and
the teachings of Christ to the early human life forms Nations that have little past history, but go by what they see
and accept as a correct, pervert the written word to suite a given stance in time is un worthy of membership to
The difference between a divine 47 that can dowse, is that it can extract the codes of requirement from the mind
and use them, a non 47 can use the codes if it is so provided, or use his mind blank without knowing if it is a
correct result, as there is no fixed measure rather like trying to defuse a bomb without knowing what type it is It
is said that there is a section that has its code within this script, 9, made up of the top scientists and political
persons and only they converse with the codes to extract the pace that we are made to progress at,. Bunkum, I
black is an agent of the devil and that goes for social dress, only white will balance, thus 10 = Black, 7 = White,
1047= 17, 1+7 = 8, the holy number. (8,8,8). Hence, clerics and the servants of Christ wear black and white.

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 283, "chars": 1586, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 28
THE BLOODLINE OF THE HOLY GRAIL
Today 3/7/061
that area had later had a geophysical by the Kent Society.
today S
on zigund two more graves along Buckingham road side of the Grove, so I had an extended search
and found more 47s making a total within the Grove to 5 and it was also confirmed that the female grave in front
location along a north south ley line.
During the afternoon Section 40 I gave a further examination to the area around the four large oaks to the
right of the foot path going towards the main gate down the slope and we discovered a further SEVEN code 47
burials on east west lines..
different times and also by the use of the code 47.
The difference of the 47 code is, that on the basic male or female deceased codes you will pick up the burials but
think nothing of it if you expect such burials, however if you add code 47 to any burial, you will not obtain any
response to the codes, unless that grave being so tested is of royal blood to the holy blood line, as the decayed
If for instance you were to add code BROWN AND BLACK = iron and there was no iron coffin or grave goods ;
but there was bronze within the grave, the added code of iron would kill the dowse stone dead, but add the
bronze code and it comes alive again. Thus the way the Da Vinci code of colour works between the human mind
and the object, but as I have already stated, the code also works for telepathic communication over time and
space dimensions between two or more mind code linked life forms, not necessarily of the same life form.
539.
Ouchstan
FAES
GRaUR
MOUNTELD
l Eer Оны

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 722, "chars": 4059, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 29 THE SOYA PROBLEM, UPDATE ON BLACK HOLES AND A NEW BURIAL GROUND
FOUND IN HAWKENBURY
Having noticed that I had become allergic to Soya, and having established that it was more allergic when in use
Since then the Hydrogenated oils have been removed in many substances with pure oils added in but Soya still
caused problem, the mind system having no doubt adjusted its self to react as a warning of damage that might be
caused to the body system.
So having got fed up with things I reported to the MO and had full extensive blood tests to establish that nothing
I gave thought to this problem and on red and white I dowsed myself with a response to allergy to Soya. The M
O office do not do allergy testing so I started to look around and discovered that Helios do food intolerance
magnetic force reactions within the human muscle by its own magnetic fields . One thing was quite plain, there
would be no cure, just an ID, and stay off the substance. Giving further thought to this situation I put practice
into operation re colour, I did a colour ID on Soya 97635 and to remove the virus within the human mind
computer the code has to be adjusted to 97653 or RED, WHITE GREEN, YELLOW,BLUE, Reading the numbers
into the mind and re dowsing the self again the response was nil to allergy to Soya, so I will put this to the test
soon with some Soya laden product. Is this what is meant by mind over matter?. Can other do the same and save
the NHS millions, but warning, dowsing will only work with a healthy mind and brain, and damage and the
BLACK HOLES,
By chance I viewed a TV programme re the up to date information on Black Holes, for
those who have read my prior papers I stated that the universe was made up of 5 globules and when two of those
globules come within a certain range they react making a tunnel through which one can travel to the next
globule section, without that link travel to the other part is not possible and from the two parts which are at
present linked all the matter forming the Milky way is from one such area and going into our zone and over to
the next area which has not yet linked up but when it does the existing link will break, so that which gives us the
information will not be able to traverse to black hole as it will not exist, so up to my report last year the
understanding on black holes was, that everything going into it was turned into nothing and not a place to go
into, so I was some what taken aback to see charts showing four globules and a tunnel in which we could go
through without harm but that persons looking at us going through would see up being turned flat and sucked in,
this being an optical problem not a state problem, so the information dowsed a year prior was correct in all but
one point which I have informed them about, that there are 5 globules not 4 as the system works as a 5 pole
motor generation electro magnetic energy. or dark energy, something which is made but not seen unless you
HAWKENBURY BURIAL SITE, As with most parts of Tunbridge Wells, we are one huge burial ground going
back up to 10,000 years or more, but self interest. by others has proved hard to prove the matter until now.
dowsing examination over the site MAP DOWSING, and not only tracing the water, gas, and electric mains but
also a conservatory where the entrance was and the location of the kitchen by way of the direction of the mains
Looking at these graves they are both male and female with leather, bronze, gold and ruby showing within the
colour code signals. Having produced a map and giving out to test bodies we will in due course do a dig and see
what we find in relation to the dowsing results and where no visible matter is formed we will have matter radic
metered for scientific evidence to prove what we have been saying all along that this town is a major it not a
leading UK site of historic interest . The above three subjects should bee seen as further evidence that this colour
code system is providing major assistance to all matters where necessary, that having declared our findings

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 573, "chars": 3117, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F.A.O
Dear
Latest Reports On Dowsing
Penman,
that over the years many have set about trying to resolve how this or that works finding facts that prove
matters and then publishing, but as time goes by the published facts get lost within the mass of printed works
and it's the cast of out of sight, out of mind, as its time to back track to see what has been done to save
wasting time re doing it again. This is a boon to those who wish to keep the facts under wraps in a legal
way.
In the latest case I have over the past year written many letters providing photo copies of proved work to
date and my own results from field testing.
We all know dowsing works when it is urgent and not fun, The USA police use system and the North
Vietnamese under government direction are by map dowsing finding the lost dead from the war and then
going to the sites and finding the remains then in some case DNA testing, so far over 90 % success rate
Yes, water is the easiest thing to find, but you can also differ between water to salt water drinking water and
spring water and work from maps prior to going on site, one can also find human remains and differ
between male and female, also from maps.
I have also been tested to detect Radio active Uranium, and had a 100 % success in a blind testing, also to
establish what a product was within a bag our of sight which turned out to be a silver key ring with a bone
handle .
The problem is that the military use this to find the same over maps and Chatham base has within its library
a large section on dowsing the army never went far in the past days without their dowsers.
So this may be the reason to cast out prior works without searching for past results, Earl De Le Warr
invented the colour light camera and the Radionics box. Radionics are used today to measure the very thing
mat the mind works on Para Magnetc signal codes, The USA took from the Caris estate this camera and it
is sald, removed trom the market all his works re dowsing the findings no doubt now used in the space race
as you will gather, dowsing does not only work from maps here, but also photographs and that means
space photographs .
the scientific codes along the lines of the Radionics box, and all that is done by dowsing can aiso be done
with his chemicals.
Now Mir Dan Brown has written this block buster and is chasing something called the De Vinci Code This
code, from my own findings, based in the knowledge that De Vinci was an artist and a member of certain
sects; noticed what I have found, that colour react on the mind and this has already been proved by
MAGER and his invention of the colour dowsing disk. I have found that the mind wili provide you with the
codes of colour banding for the subject you wish to dowse for, hence human blood is RED, WHITE AND
PURPLE, these colours are from a basic 12 in total with two extra, 14 in all and the numbers from the red
white and purple are 9,7,1. and by holding those numbers in view while you dowse you will get the same
reaction as by holding the colours, neither will work for anything else, the colour will also work to the mineral
PACE 1

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 706, "chars": 3809, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
When you use this system you will find things you should not find, hence the reason I feel that the code is
always portrayed as something else, or left to the imagination, as these codes can detect radiation, non
human forms minerals and can be sub adjusted into states such as crashed, general or alive / working .
and that there is NOTHING that cannot be colour coded to map dowse or to work on within the field and at
any distance and not only on earth, but the Moon Mars ect, and it seems that these codes can also be used
to communicate by telepathy to others using the same codes but as an organic matter, you can even colour
code your self, find an area on a map, then map your own para magnetic signal'on the same map as you
move to the target area. These codes can also plot Ley lines and finithem on maps, also Virus such as
There is also the case that those of us who dowse well in all matters, seem to have large amounts of Iridium
I think that the above facts should be enough to see that we have closed our eyes up to now to that which
has been staring us in the face, that the human form is an organic computer where the mind stores and
communicates in colour with other minds, never sleeping, but the brain as the function area works in
numbers that all seem to go back to 9, just like human invented computers and that this fact has been
known for thousands of years as if you look at the Round table in Winchester Great Hall it is formed of 5
basic colours BLUE, GREEN, WHITE, RED, AND BROWN, this is the mind data code and its numbers
ar8,3,67,9,8 and these add up to 3, which is the a prohin a i fy y 12 " (7)
The original code symbois are as follows.
L, TO = Light, Time and Decay and also add up to 33 so called as A being the first letter within the 16 letter
alphabet in the shape of an arch..ID)
instructions and this will allow the mind to telepathically by holding the correct code to communicate with
another form at any distance that has the same colour code information, thus Da Vince was able to obtain
his advanced information in respect to inventions, that this form of communication can also span time
dimensions, that is to detect a life form that is in your own time but out of sink, thus invisible but not to
colour, or mind dowsing and to also pick up same on maps, thus the mind also acts as a form of radar.
The original code symbols are very , if not those found that relate to Atlantis if you tum to page 133 in
Charles Berlitz book about the lost world.
Phope that this will resolve some of the matters and allow those interested to accept that dowsing is a fact
and concentrate on why, how, and how were we able to find this ability, although even the dimmest can see
that this abity is from else where and that else where can be with us, but out of view behind, for if you have
the ability to travel at speeds beyond light that you can over shoot our time, but be in our space, so you can
mine our planet behind our time with out us knowing anything about it the word MINE can be formed from
the 16 lotters
My next quest is to trace burial matter equal to code 41 and to work out how its genetics passed to us to give
us the ability for colour mind work as i have expiained . Please also note that mains pipes are so coloured by
human minde = CAS= YELLOW, WATER = BLUE, ELECTRIC = RED and the services use dowsing as
they cannot find in some cased their pipes by detectors as they are now plastic. Guys Hospital proved in
Dowsers at Malver who have been working in secret on most aspects of the subject. So I have been
BEATE
CODE FANO IN CAVE IN AISYA
SAID TO BE OF ATLANTS
¿D
8, 2, 4, 120, 6, 8;1
Giar
= %
IN 16 LETTER
WE B = & SHARA IN THER SYSTEM
IN 10 NU4321
THUS & DEME THE CADA A CHRIST.
• AND OF = JESUS
Men Pese de Let to Arus
DAnE?
So And 736268 Sy78802?

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1415, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Some Theories about Atlantis
133
voravorone
As yet untranslated
'letters" found on a ring near the site of Tar-
tessos.
tions (which no one has yet been able to translate) and finds that
about 150 of these alphabetic signs also occur on the walls of the
rock cavers of Libya.
Whether or not this proves the existence of Atlantis it does
seem to establish the existence of a little known Western Mediter-
ranean civilization of a very early period.
Many aspects of this culture resemble that of ancient Crete,
which may have been related to it or had contacts with it. One of
the most remarkable finds of the Iberian culture is the bust called
"La Dama de Elche" (the Lady of Elche) found at Elche in
souther Spain. This statue, which has sometimes been thought to
portray a priestess of Atlantis, constitutes in itself a proof of the
bigh civilization attained by the ancient inhabitants of Spain.
It has been frequently suggested that Scheria, the land "at the
end of the worldiạof the Phaecians, described by Homer in the
"Odyssey, served Plata as a model for Atlantis. Many items descrip-
tive of Scheria remind one of Plato's account of Atlantis; the
•marvelous and resplendent palace of Alcinous, built on brass, the
"gigantic city walls surprising to see," the sea power of the Phae-
cians, the city built on a plane with great mountains to the north,
and even the mention of two springs in the royal garden.

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 215, "chars": 1467, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ae 4
seraceeri
- ath PIT oe ou eit ty tees
; At . - ene al

i
. . i: ae ot a

7
4

STE oe Rata rea
4

3 i

|
a
ref OS ee
i
i
i
i

mh

Pay

Te Naren ce

wey
x

+

pnt
i egdtanee game EET .
.

v Tag
oe, aeweee ‘ *., . os tnawase SM .
os

«gti ws hee ct thon _ 1 rune ‘
eeeee ile i , ,

Arete aE TT

i
‘ §
os é | 7
i A "ae agit MEL eager rte
| , cb cuacaeonntomnarnecvensnnind ae :
a i
q
, er SN |
4 Sagat q
: i : ‘
"erences s 4 i
j
| . |
4 PEER RBIRE TR ETE Litem. :
cesta mts “ee, i a Smear i ae eee
een a . : _ a
s, i t ; ae *
“ty : i é .
seman: ‘ i i ‘.
ccna seal , 4 : s
a“ i i i wt “te,
arene i i Frohedans . H
A axmed ri : = TOS Pate. SAR HET yee A, E erat
i ¥
. :
— i
i)
1
aye C hom. Te i i
*, F
te ry Sn aeneennarith tee,
t
|
|
{
i
‘
: E
{
t

: : eae : F
Boer ND SD ae _
ne ba on S a ;
Teas Nerare: “a “a ee i eo , i
= ‘ j ~ ; _—
cs a . x 4 i ‘ c “ ay \ ‘h \,. sr \ t et
2 ies a ~ “ vat a nee am mit arte mceutngetttnenic tage : “ , A" ee \ on I - eT ec Paw yee 4 “i
a. | a —_ eee ee | — ’
Pi Aiea \ ale cs Be oo oo. ee en \ SS ' | 4s.
: Mint io , i .. mr ‘ ef a q Sr hy
ga? at ra d Somat ' Car ¥ . ny root a 7
fan ee if a =e cary mets hate, teat \ “aed ‘ ane cael
nag . { Pam “acon ° * ; iia a 4 i Pig
Se NSB _ fn A try me Ue | Lend aoa
Seneca a Pal : i . . oH . oF i ‘ i ond

a ™
Soh

Tee ne pays leg eve ae anne

f
f
f
i

}

é
wake
‘7
i
Pr

wpe ere
oe

' tm: met, om
“a

a one dime

* “Wren of et re a \

ra ne nee st ae va

‘ }
7 comet onan fe
n ner ,
% er

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 796, "chars": 4411, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 30 THE STRANGE CASE OF THE STONE HUMAN REMAINS
These objects were taken to a leading museum in London where they are still held, and after our visit where
three of us were tested for our colour code dowsing over maps, which we all passed, it was stated that the
objects were at least 20,000,000 million years old and were marine casts The age of these objects had already
been established by at least four independent persons and all agreed, so that the dowsing in Greece had been
correct.
However, this answer did not satisfy me, as the dowsing had detected myrrh and human remains, we have
already proved that our codes work, not only on site but over maps in respect to human remains with finds dug
after dowsing which have been examined by other means and found to be pre Roman human remains.
During 2006 again visiting the same site as prior notes have already been made in part 24 further stone remains
were found as shown in this part, Each person asked to view these objects expressed the opinion that they show
reply was sea sediments from a warm shallow area of marine matter and must be at least the same age as the
prior lot.
WITH NO HUMAN REMAINS, based on known facts of the area.
These objects looked like that which viewers thought as burial matter, and again there is Myrth, human remains
and blood being dowsed within the objecis. Taking the stones to another expert, found that his system would not
work directly as the objects had been in the sea for may be millions of years an the salt kills all the magnetic
responses, so I have left one object to be soaked clean, or cut to find an area not so affected by the sea salt. and I
await the report.
The problem is that I have dated the objects at no more than 7900 years of age which fits the Woodhenge area in
which they were found, again this henge site has been explained in part 24, but to be turned into stone you
would require at least 20,000,000 years; and the human form is not proved to have been around at that time
apart from perhaps apes, which these casts do not imply.
My first quest was to ask more question of these objects and the following list is the dowsed matter found within
the objects.
Links to Pudding stone, Un earthly matter, and also responded to the good planet code.
The last two finds intrigued me as this implied that there may not be an earthly answer to the problem and I draw
your attentions at this point to other prior parts in respect to space and time travel and the exit points of the 18/3,
18/8and the 18thof November spelling MAN, that the time taken to exit our Globule via the black hole into the
next globule, that to undertake such speeds would remove millions of years from our time as the journey had to
overcome the speed of the expansion of the universe to get to the outer areas, such speed could not be
undertaken by us as we could not withstand it, and there seems to be another problem which I have found that
may not hither to have been thought of by the scientific establishment and is the results of the stone casts.
That upon asking questions of code 42, that the stone remains are 17,000,000 million years old, human form.
and embalmed, natural death at the point of exit. for a scientific experiment to see if that life form could travel at
speeds, being of a natural form, and that it would arrive on earth by the time jump to our present time 7900
years ago, without damage, that the body should remain in the same state as it left.
The area of deposit is one of the Greek Islands as stated in prior parts, where the same stone age life form has
been present as under the Pyramids and in the Tunbridge wells area and the other 10 world sites, as the Greek
site was only an outward expansion of the Egypt site.
The experiment failed as the natural ageing process of matter although the 17,000,000 years was pushed into
under 24 hours the end result was as if the objects had been through the full 17,000,000 years into fossil state
which they had, thus making it impossible for the human form to beat the speed of light into matter, hence all the
visitors are Droids / Druids or in Spirit form, hence the Greek temples to the Gods, as we call them may be no
more than ancient form of telephone exchange, which monks later took up, by use of the dowsing system.
It is interesting that dowsing was accepted by all early forms until the mid 1700s when the churches ruled against

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 438, "chars": 2525, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dowsing system in so far that we measure para magnetic and dia magnetic codes, but these can be blocked out
by sun activity with it interfering with the magnetic fields.
The human forms were prepared in another part of our globule and as deceased transferred to earth but decayed
into stone like form during the journey.
Upon receipt at the temple area on earth the forms were buried within the temple areas, at that time the
underground temple systems were spread widely with massive temple and tunnel systems that are still with us
today and which the Romans tried to destroy when killing the druid/ Celtic tribes, mostly blocking up the tunnels
and systems for us to find today when peoples property collapses into so called holes or mines which are in fact
Having explained what the stones consist of and how they could be as we see them today out of context with our
understanding of what is normal, another interesting fact was drawn to my attention by another researcher. who
Pudding stone is a mixture of rock matter infused with all matter of things with small stones to be either hand
held or a centre temple object That the priests had formed this matter perhaps based upon that which is written
above, some samples of the Pudding stones I also found on the site, dowse for human blood, Gold, Phosphates,
Time worm Hole, and other matter, also unearthly metals, so the same system of life being turned into stone as
The results of the test is, that the human form can only be carried at a certain speed within its own time zone, or
There is also the fact that the embalming agents may have reacted with the salt water when the land upon which
the forms were laid to rest collapsed into the sea, but I doubt if stone could be created in 7900 years unless
volcanic activity had taken place such as Pompey, but the stone samples hold no lava or dowse for any volcanic
under the Stuart Crown and later into the 1750s that the same sites are present in Kefalonia an area which was
under British occupation during the Victorian times where the island has the same tunnel systems as indeed the
have our systems been destroyed for military uses but it also appears that the same may have taken place on
kefalonia in respect to Odysseus Palace site being upon a druid tunnel system and down to the sea levels which
were used during the war years to house a submarine under ground.
1070
FA SH7UКа
JEST MI
17 AS A 73M
POLOR SURA
1TУSE-10П
1Yłął
ANNA CART MEYLA
Pr 0 26-20 LUMA 29E2
Lord foles torn, 18258
63tots +7-58678583y

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 495, "chars": 2741, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 31
A CHAT WITH CODE 42
replies.
1/ Dimensions change physical, to small or any size.
3/Want contact.
4/ We do not interfere with them.
5/The ark is a small engine as on craft to provide power for work and light.
6/We eat pills, mineral pills 27 minerals which also covers Gold, Iridium.
7/ We do not inhabit others human self or mentally.
9/ The high priests were of us and we assisted with the building our forms use their powers to build.
11/ The pods are only used for up to a week then into the larger craft.
12 Pod size 25 feet diameter 13 feet high has motor core of Iridium core block which hold 9 Uranium rods in
threes within an electro magnetic field / coil, button switch starts coil and block spins mother craft has other
power type units.
13/ We are from the future, but in your past and there are humans in the your future, also your past, our planet is
now destroyed so we seek fuel and mineral matter from any where else and new planet bases, we had conquered
14/As we travel at such high speeds we turn into an energy form ‚that we can arrive into your past time so we are
with you but you cannot see, only pick up by energy dowsing We travel from you into the future which is the
edge of the universe we go through a black hole and into the future, but at the other globule being the other side
of the black hole we then go back into our past, but just as we can your end, go into your past we also can do
that our end so we can keep going back until the planet becomes uninhabitable . The Orion system is still active
15/ There are human dead life forms on Mars and everything you would expect to have seen on earth 10.000 plus
years ago to the standards of Atlantis.
magnetic energy goes down to nil the sun will destroy the atmosphere by allowing the heat to penetrate the
atmosphere thus burning of the atmosphere we call this the GREEN HOUSE EFFECT also spin of the planet
will slow due to the depleting magnetic forces with the result that you have to keep adjusting the atomic clock
this reduction of spin will also allow atmosphere to deplete. The Mars effect, but below ground water by
condensation and balanced temperature, thus we have tunnel and cave systems that human forms called druid
systems or Celtic temples and as we can go up or down in time we are within these systems in our time but you
see them in your time as ruins or collapsed systems. You bend time to travel by bending light in conjunction
with other scientific matters, but if you speed beyond natural forces you will decay to a fossil, hence our droid/
PARAT
15 AND 16 IS FORMED OF INFORMATION EXTRACTS FROM PRIOR PARTS TO SHOW HOW THE
BASIC SYSTEMS WORK AND THE REASONS WHY hence project
CLACK IM
ОДІєМ
·
ADA TS 026602
Notes
ES A TINA

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 419, "chars": 2474, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART32
COLOUR
VIA 42
Creator is a living object
Is a force
The force is made of colour
12 colours
Dark energy
When lit, the colours split
The Atom, neutron creates dark energy
Atom =radiation
Creator creates the atoms
An energy created the atom a colour energy
All colours have a power
A single place where the creator of white light started
A dowsable place, where the creator originates from
same single point of our time.
All things started at this point
A chemical reaction created the white light
I asked the question where the calcium and sulphur came from, A spontaneous electrical current.
The answer to the above question cannot be given Will not inform me as it is the basis of all human knowledge
I asked if you were around when the chemical reaction took place, information blocked, Will not provide this
information, not available At this point one feels a great strain on the mind as you are searching for information
you are not issued with of is your contact point the greatest strain was asking if the information could be
unblocked.
No person has this information and a request has to go along the line to be able to access it and transfer it.
= 9 the mind code for the mind
computer. Carbon Monoxide caused by decay, time decay, exceeded the time space and started a reaction an
electro magnetic field was around the chemicals within was a vacuum of nothing which imploded in as the big
bang a chain reaction over that great time is as we see today
What is below and beyond the creators line can only be guessed but there was a reaction between white and
black and dark energy started.
For that mystery information the 42 computer does noi hold that information so was never input into our own
creation to draw upon but below is a small diagram to help explain, but what is interesting for those who have
received the prior 31 papers that the above information seems to fit that already quoted also with the many
drawings and charts my feeling is that there is a black hole that injects matter to start this system and that it is not
the same as the black holes that link one globule to another as also explained by Professor Hawking this year
and again a collapsing star is also a different situation. But I think the information is in the large pull out chart of
the universes 6 at six units difference between in a dimension of time, parallel time thus the blocking as it is two
time zones.
pra
CELLAFSING
IRA POG,
S828192
C02LM51
P27E E BONE
HELL THE

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 160, "chars": 894, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LIFE
AKRINED
SECTUN OF
_ L N SU E POSK
SER PART 32
(BIRTH)
NES UNIVEROY
ANETE
FIEM
SITA TIEE S INTENAL
01D
-MURSK
1,200 25
FRANCKA
02 106šŘŚ
AFE CODo st vgAEL
FOL ALL FORAS TF ARAAT
w coazo syste 17
FREONA
ENWIROR
BAsten
SERA
FOLUS AFT
PIONET BURCEN
ATTEL FAGOGS !
H40FMNO
BincH Here THE Luis
2NTTI COSTA B208 2 (ESE PREN 20S52)
TD UUT | WIN SATA MNE MTHE
79 Е72RN 147 2
BUTADi TAS ATENS IS TINT
4PES0 DIST/IGL
NIT s PENETE
LUh MERlE THE
S FMA PN BAC N22A
ASE END AND METE P
A GRETE ATRETON
PEE NEE FHS AR HATTU ¿ CN NE LNIE VI Z
2 Aco TRES BR DE SENE SR A IFIS ANAE 7 QU I
ANO AU TR ATTEL FRON I PNE AENT INTO Z AUE IPH IE
MOA NA WL AES TEMEL BET JUMNÉ THA
d22¢t
ANTYL
AS TIA GRES AY DE Lun SI 2 1D)
АО Пр ВАСА Мін
ARAR COu de 76 GOS
De fasth ort Als in soe strey
IT STRER PIEL
oveE AmA
BeT TH TIME AN DISTANEH APA BEYOND
WiEL DeiSt MENST BE
AT AC
CAV
CAT
EXCLO TO PEN
PATTER
1T ZOO DIRKE LIE

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 72, "chars": 632, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNITI
THE
OLDEST
LIFE FAL AS COR $1S
ASSUME TO dE TE CRANER ANO AS NAS CONTENA AME
MEDRA HORAS DO THE ASSUMME! ITIS A MATERIF INTERRETATU
SALIT
INTO B
Да тупа 41 /42
30,000
Ак туря 48/42
3 5000
- C008 12
•coon s
AH LIFE FORT
CADA
7782 5023
AIFE ON
UNIT Z
F6811}
AT ABASE 60080
376 =
CADA
UNITZ
0N17 3
0N7 3
2 15 2055
NITR
UNITI
PART & SPRIT IS
16L286А YEARS
2IFA
2,850
022.7419
PAULO
60 A 20 $
EARDI PISCOPO.
• 61/52
7,070,E70
TINE
CIDA
550,000 5426,
1 28%
FOL
SINEE ACE
7 4Pp923 02 45.
5960
CODA
= 770
AE ВентрА
Oras
$000,000
6017 2
ARR
770E
EXPRO INTE
22 C027 0221 11
AO A SINAT
885
THE HOLY
CODE
MEN CRIATE A SATTER ANI DAR SETS

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 144, "chars": 814, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Loe hab taraienane pena chat He eo

(ere
aerret bia

iff

“agree

PU BIE ROERD
4 tree _

iy

ss

f PPR EMETE EL B08 b how

A load

7“ * fhe Ce eae ae a
hid Ld a FPF PE PALIGEACS

devin fGire Cewnen. )
#
at

LUE ER

»
we
#

Ce

hoe’ AD a MN
7G PB eee mn,
: ¥ : ie - ye a £ ™
@) 51474  igpgnattle ¢ ?
er i Pa: an
fe fae Par fer a
ale a f
ae a
we a“ a
fe il BG F by = E4129 2 1H
ERs tes Extaste ae ev Og = Gj
ff Wear eet wir 3 rat

cy

CEL

fatg ead aF

a OE ad dR at
jot Saat SI ETHON a oye PhD hares

COO 4h Ags We
Giri dee or bens a Kiewit Tied) Toe go Sarrees
“ .

valde OPER al Bek Sear

Lhwin kno } SHAT,
a

oe

Zé

éé.

Cokeuna — pelbize

widest
- a yi bet Fh
FS

(i= Daep £AEEdya
OF LEH MTR epETIS CEP
2 i a a

)
)

C

cia

PEE )

Aigieg

phe

goad lt FOF

a ae hate a ot git aoe bes
on POSTER BEF & Fe efhe.

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 70, "chars": 448, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A7 00724
OF M
Lamio
UNE NETING
FIEAD5
LIGHT INTE DEN
DO110r
ANTI MITTER
DIRS FAUS
FUTURIa
AIE DEUR
ТИА
7372
700/
UNIVER
DEPRASIEN
ONE
ERCI ONIUZMA
CODE TU
IS CUEZ BINER AND OVER AUtO
ANTI MATTRA BANEZ ENDO THEN
ZONA I
FROM 2 , OR ANTHA TIMA
WitY PH BRONZE IS THE CRIANTE
CODA
Inza
S 020 070
700 650
AFTER WICH TE TOTAL DEN OS
87 6 536 1
y = SriIT 21815 864087.
5 PAST
TE BAS DE TA ANNO
Dien woo Noton
= /2
PRESENT I
ISED AR TIME E 3 UNIA DELAY.
Ot

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 108, "chars": 967, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
care gree wrt etsany

a

ae .

_ were '

ener ahae WE ate CA ET Sed Be 4 aman came eet 9 nan re ete cps :

» OQ @ :

SATEEN pe Ate SAN Ayton te E ST tet RAIS — ’

oe

; Me Sew
Me.
ay, | |
ma . | |
-_ a, 3
a | | |
hey | | | |
" d rf
ie of F
° ral |
x }
bi oa )
| 4
; my i
. | eye ., |
(
‘5 a iH “ee
*y. 7
SS
~
~
| + ww}
, ‘ et
%
. a a 7 |
. et,
a a | | |
tae |
a |
a < 4 Bo i :
no ‘, . |
|
7
. | sett
t
+
a, |
a |
oth |
i .
1

gL?

a

es

sterner

Lhe é SPB

i
4
4 \ : eee of
4 |
t
‘
\
7

i
a

‘f oe athe
ent \

mre? ‘ o
eee ae N. we

wok a at

| ; Ke
- 7 ve a? |
2 1 . F

4 ie sa ;f
a .
fa ‘
F * : .
‘ ,
“ é " " % Pie i

!
att
? ene “y i . ,
. | me
| 7 . i ee Ps
; ; |
? we i f A, | |
i ;
Frege F eae | |
fo 4 . a
4 £ ne, . | ,
~ ee re - -
f Noe ma . -
J 7 a _

i a . eran _

z { f
\ “iy i. f : | |
: ;
i . 2 : B, a iy y f “ :
£ - et | , |
a o / at 5 ; |
y - '
\ ae |
: -!
‘d ‘ ; | ;
x 4
” 4 ee . .
fa ~~ ok
“a ’ |
“ an y - “ |
“ot

te d
4

at
-,

:
Q
f
4
nett
ca
*e

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 66, "chars": 446, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CARRY)
NOTE CAMer
Cram Pet our
DATED
24/1/200îšŚŘ
ZONES AAH CAIT
FRE KIH
OTTER
Dimenson
BASIS
OF THE
LU&S
DIMANOW
UNIRPIA
UnCOUM
FLASH
Been Han
CARCIUM
CALL ANERO
LAST
56x5
is Form
2+7=9
1807863 82969 6286489
You condo de Tover
OVER TIME
01800, BizeN REs
ANOmA UNIRE UN SEIRE
ELECTRON
GRAD
CO25987Śł
Tenan
CODE
CRESTE
CADA
ELECTREN STATE.
50210
FROM PRIC COLLAPSE, TOTAL SYSTEM
FORMAS FROM AVENIRL TAR
EUROTONE CANOE
RELATEŚ
% AND MATTER cONSENt

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 626, "chars": 3499, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 33
THE RETURN TEST 3, INFORMATION ARRIVES.
At 18.00 hours on the 18/8/06, the craft departed and the new one took up position. The message went at 18.00
hours and the plot of the return took a direction unexpected, this means that the black hole force does not move
allow the black hole to act as such.
The time taken for the trip is as the test 3 chart states, but after going through the black hole the total time was 26
hours in total.
It seems that the energy circle codes/ crop circle makers shut down prior to main craft starting for the return. But
on this occasion due to other interesting developments I have formed a new colour code, to track anything, any
life form that is not created on earth, it is a general code that covers every such item within the crafts computer.
deceased is code 33., being 9,13.6,5.
The use of this code has shown where the first basic areas were of the life form that created modern man and
where the ancient city sites are as the deceased code shows forth needless to say Tunbridge Wells and the
Pyramids show up like beacons, but for the alive code certain un surprising results showed forth, such life in our
own areas of habitation, but limited, this proves the observations of the human like visits and next dimension
within our time dowsing signals reported through out the prior 32 parts.
The main areas showing up are North USA, Washington area, Switzerland, Outer Moscow , The Kent area and
coastal area of Kent with a signal again in our town, hence further interesting observations within this part 33
The importance of this new code is, that you can track and follow anything over maps and universe map charts
M.M, so as
could do and what we might have missed.
Little did we know that by the end of a very long day further major discoveries will have been made and would
further explain the great amount of burials the town holds and the sites J.C has found and what was destroyed in
First of all, after testing colours on objects we took a look at the Calverley Grounds and have to up grade our
original statement in respect to the iron cross coffin burial to a higher level and to move over to the Grove that
which we thought was within the grounds, in the Grove the two basic graves were also again proved as were the
Druid code 42 graves, but we further point out that there are cases of burial on top of other burials, and in both
different signals. I have up graded the arrow head grove map to reflect this change and it should be noted that
The question was then raised by our two new visitors, what about the water, The main river flows through the
grounds in a pipe down to the pantiles and out to High Rocks, but prior to 1900s there was a lake and the river
was above ground with a D shape Celtic pool in the grounds in connection with the Woodhenge sites, and
On the way down to the pantiles the river splits into two which is very clearly shown on early engravings hence
Our new contacts tested the water along with Alan who is a diviner and on the divining unit of the BSD and to
every bodies surprise the spring water which should have gone against purple, as tap water is blue and salt and
bad water is green, this site went against WHITE, Holy water.
For this to be so, something very major has to be present, or effecting the water, water diviners are accepted and
go to all parts to find water and ALSO TEST FOR IMPURITY, so the fact that all four tested the water and it
was White in all cases confirms matters, but why?.

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 724, "chars": 3882, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Some time ago I received a copy from the web about research being undertaken by an Eastbourne group which
spoke about the ancient Temple of Apollo and spring of Apollo, and how this all linked with Greece some 2000
BC. This information was also given to me while out in Greece in 2006 about the close links between the Celtic
tribes and prior tribes to Greek history and the pre Pyramid history of Egypt, that there was trade and that the
Greeks spoke about the great spring and temple of Apollo in the land of the Hyperboreans, the people of the land
of the Island beyond the north wind and that in view that we know that the site we are on is so huge from all ages
that it must be here that the temple site rests and the spring
Secto a49 noted that much of the stone in the Stonehenge site in west country must have come from here as
its sand stone and the mineral is found in our area as the closest, this is not to be muddled with the hard stone
from Wales, so the UKs leading site is linked to our mystery site and its holy water.
The party decided to dowse the water ways under the Pantiles and found that down from the grounds the river
split into a Y shape about Chapel place and then into three to form the wells in between the two main flows, the
result of this formation is a clue as it makes a perfect A for Apollo and with the outer flow the other side of
London road which later re links to the main river, you can see half of what was the small bridge now used as
So here we have three river flows so called after Lord North, and what is strange is, that the first grid plan for
match for the Jerusalem road grids and the town areas so named after the Jerusalem areas of basic beliefs thus
Mountfield Road and Gardens are equal to the Mount site and the Citadel equal to the Castle street and castle hill
property which used to be an old Templar area.
During that evening I decided to by use of code 42, dowse out the temple site just as I had done for the palace of
Odysseus for the search prior in 2006. And out it came under the site of the Forum with passages leading to
form an underground D shape spring system which are now the two wells on the London Road site and dated
around 3500, being about 500 years out from the 2000 BC date of the other researchers, but its only a rough date
as this site has been going for at least 18000 years if you take into consideration the underground city and pre
other matters within our area which no doubt is the reasons that such major historical sites are disregarded to
systematically destroyed over 100s years with clues left on odd maps and with such goings on, no archaeology
un official or otherwise seems to have ever taken place given that evidence is leaking all over the place seems to
point to our original findings being the reason for this most odd situation.
hours you will jump time and space, so you in fact can arrive prior to leaving This being so that a person could
be dead buried here, risen be seen alive and die again later, so have two burial sites, one here and another at the
other end of the time space distance, and due to the upping and downing of the time travel due to the great speed
which could only be regarded as pure energy. (NOT ONE TO TRY CHAPS) otherwise you will turn to stone
(see my findings in Greece). You can be buried twice but again be seen, this is how I understand things and
quite obviously the Romans did not understand this concept and something we have only now come to terms
with in science, but with the colour code system into the craft computer, or call it biometric links of measure
such information is on tap. This now brings me to the next section to one of our new contacts, who sought me
out and said I have been directed to a person of great knowledge. It does wonders for you ego but I am weary of
some things also in reflection of the
gents and the ladies.

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 49, "chars": 326, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE PANTILES
WATER
TUNBRIDOR WELLS
22/8/2006.
RIVER
LUITY CHURCH
AN CENTEL
THe Spress
CHARL
WELLS
1719 15 4ę
HOLY SPRING
BAD
WELLS
PAN TILES
TO CARUERLEY
GROUNDS
Ario HENCE
BE At STRANS SYSTE
TO MATH INE
BUt ASE PATRE
B20: Co p
JERUSALEM
OLD BRIDGE
LorDer Com
810c
I GECE
THE
285
PANTILES
71529261
12: 3
He saens mom
Mise Com

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 27, "chars": 131, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ite,

Petty ys

we

Der
Baas

n,

Bp re RAMEE hy See ant ware,

SEE eta ne,

eae bole me tet

Een

enyeckt

ny
aol a

ae

are

ve

===== PAGE 76 =====
{"alpha_words": 60, "chars": 387, "method": "ocr", "page": 76, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SMiS
THE
TEMPLE SITE
TUNBRIDER HELES
APOLLO
IRPLE
7×1×3
÷ 21
2+1 = 3
DRUID NUMBIA
WHITE = HoLy
Purger = String wastn
THE BLuE HAs To se ADdEo to
ASSIST IN OUTSORANG STEL SIGNAL CODES
IN TOWN AREAS,
EN FURTLE,
SUCH AD THR tOWNs RIvEr
CARS ON LUMITY
Вот HorśŚę
15, 7.1
WATER IN
'GRASs On ON SIT%
WHITE + PURPLE
7×1 =
7+6
& HOLy NUMBiM
OX TWŘŚ
fiRsint Cons
WEIG
CÄRTIC
Котт
PENTIRES
SPRING

===== PAGE 77 =====
{"alpha_words": 769, "chars": 4055, "method": "ocr", "page": 77, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART34
How do you find holy water?.
Blue is value 3 so in a town area where so much goes against white, being churches and everything that man
creates plus CCTV cables you have to out sort and fine code to trace the water lines to see how it becomes holy
I conducted this test and found the Pantiles water was holy in only a given area and that the rest was purple and
that the plan of the water ways and wells formed an A and also seemed to match the oldest road plans into the
town which later were noted to be the same pattern as another well known place in the holy land.
Research has shown that Greek mythology points to this part of the UK as the area where the ancient Temple of
Apollo might be and its spring so having found a A shaped spring plan I started to pull out the pre Roman
temple plans as shown on the colour plate which match the present remains of the springs on the common side.
This means that the site was made holy thousands of years ago by the pre Celtic tribes and holy water is created
the same way as Ley lines by a force of the craft of the creator as fits best with his wishes and is a force within
our time but within a parallel dimension and is not tap water blessed in bulk. The date of this holy creation is by
asking and in conjunction with other known facts in the area of 18700 years, but had served many types and
faiths up to today, the main creation was for the new city, one of the original 12 world sites and one might also
find similar wells at the other original city sites, but at present my main interest is this site and that it is the site
of the famous temple of Apollo.
The style of the temple should take into consideration that the early city was below ground and was based upon
the worship of the moon and darkness but the new form was to worship the sun god as they understood matters
so this building was above ground as most of the stonehenges and woodhenges, the same style of underground
It was not until much later that as the Celtic forms were driven out by the Romans the Christian faiths came forth
as the then royal blood line was attacked and the faith as we know it today came forth but that was the main
action of the form to enlighten us of its powers and ability to be in many places at one time and of the divine
power it has and is now showing us again, although it had always been there now was the time to start activating
more of the human mind computer programme based upon the Atlantis code which allows us the ability to date
I have been asked to code the ancient city life form and it is as follows PINK, WHITE, GREY, RED, BROWN,
ORANGE =13,7,2,9,8,4 total 43 4+3=7 the maths for male will go to 9 and by adding silver 12 for female and
If you go to the Grove burial ground plan you will see 12 graves which are code 43 which mixed with code 31
and these graves were laid out in the perfect plan which was later adjusted to adapt it for the HG to give credit to
that plan of creation, this may also be the reason why modern man out bread ancient man, or the Darwin man
but the above must be seen in the full context of the prior 33 parts and the evidence from masses of other points
and above all if there is no basis for any of these facts then why are things so secret. And why would we wish to
develop weapons to destroy our creators form, I can understand that some of his other creations have gone off
Section
most of the stone came from to form Stonehenge, apart from the heavy stone from Wales, could only have come
from our area, so the Weils spring site must have been known to those based at Stonehenge and judging by the
extent of the underground systems of caves and tunnels also the huge amount of burial stretching from the
The divine gift in respect to finding water will also work in all other areas as required thus the Atlantis code is
the code we are all created to use and as things progress and time passes the computer allows out information
that is called discovery and only that which is in the computer can be discovered and what is in the computer is

===== PAGE 78 =====
{"alpha_words": 822, "chars": 4844, "method": "ocr", "page": 78, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7010M 820
NUMBER 290
0ESENBEE 2005
Another view of the church
and the negath
Dowsers Discover Concealed Megalith...
. AT KNOWLTON HENGE
doubledly one of Dorsets most sacred sites
Hence lies 3 mules south of Grabbome. The
Knowiton flenge system tas been ceo by many aulbors of
archaeology and eat mysteries In his 1914 book "The
Green Roads of England
R. Hoodley Cox descobes
Koowton as a Venge Temple Hippisley theenses that
motenal of the prescot Norman chinch once formed the
None celes of a Sun Temple. Knowton Wings asch is an
edenolve complex, consisting of 4 carthwores the North
Circle, Church Cacle, Souther Circle and theiạẠOld
Churchyard. In adoition to these sites. to the east of the
Church Crete is the Great Barrow, the largest round barrow
it Dorset. and antes! canally drectly rebated to the
Peppes. Within a one-mile radius of thesa cath wores there
are also a fange number of barrows and ung-ditches. Inside
the Church Chicle is the rain of Koo on Church
chich contans architectural features datog
from the walth to the sodeent contares.
I have visited Knowhon on many ocrasons
to conduct my own dowsing research and to
teach other dovaars. Nearly all my devsug al
Kamalton has taken place in the Charch Circle
i sa this carde which is under the quartonship
of engish Hertage with acces to the pubic
This is the most well accounted benge, wath the
familiar caned Norman Church in is centre.
My story for Dovang Today readers storts
thic year in carty April 2005 while i Vas timing
tor a fortcoming course with a hiend Tim
Chatoner and be 11 vear old san Ramy.
interested in photography. Remy had with him
an old SER mancal camera with which he vent
of on he own and took pumerous pictures
mound the ste, Three weaks later, after
examing the photographs taken by Romy we
discorered on onergy me on three of los photographs:
much ike a greet but in the for of a line, The three
photosphs of the energy ine appeared all in the same
location on the North East for side of the Henge
Only a month aler in May 2005 i was unning one of
My 8SD Earth Energies Dowsing Course at Knowtion. Ton
and the son came along and in sith we matched the photos
of the enspy line to the contect tocation. I then encouraged
my students to dorse the energy los seen in the
photographs On tracking the ane one student. Alistair
Unquhart tracked ovor what simply appeared to be a anall
Bot stone. Hovever on pulling avay. Al exposed a now
fallen large standing store. lyng prone and barely
submerged in be ground. In a sobsequent article in the
Brital: Archecology Magazine the stone was describad as a
rectangular set around 1m by 40cm.
Interestmoly, less than a metro from our original find, !
lator tound a second stone: vich appeared to be buned i!
on upright postor rath just is top showing in the bank
close to our last fallen one
I have found that the general consenses amongst local
dousers as that the ancient ste most mely bad many
standing stones before they were knocked down or were
dostroyed when the now rumed Norian chusch was
rected over the engmal ancient Hense Two such stones
can be seen in tha chorch itself - one is the anar-stone and
the other cleanty in the bese of the tower
After finding the new store en decided to try to dowse
to see if We could locate more. Tols led us over the fence
away from the fallen stone and out of the Mange eell, along
tovards an overgrown pent of the sto nere our dovang
indoated yet more fallen bunted stones. but sadly this area
a bigh patch of
rettes so further
unvestination old
not take place
For those of
you tammar vain
Earth
Energy
teatures. 1 tound
an kregy Ley on
the spot of the
ghost one in the
photograph going
through
the
StOnC.
discovered
energy current of
the
туре
described
Witter,
Paul dowsing the sarsen alone
she incugh the fallen store and toving ato a mound
within the Honge Many Energy Lays enter the site from
several directions. Knowlton Church Circie sits in the centre
of at least 5 major Leys emanating in ditorent directions
through Gunsage St Michael Uress and Stone. Hod Mil
Вазоиту
Hings
Verwood
Hooratone
and
Fosbury Rings
There
also many energy
and
numerous
mate
and
female
energy co rents
cescabed as the
Michael a0d Mary
Currents
by
Bamish Miter in
his bock
The
Sun
and The
Serpent™ There s
parentary
povertai
male
energy curtent
Another view of theiỊUrgchart store
positive in polanty, which flous trouph the two ancient
yew trees in the bank, through the walls of the church and
temerates as a very povertol spiral inside the eluch
inode the south door. I can undeniably assure that all who
dovse it notice is powertal physical effects!
The Church's northeast buttress dels ske a standing stone
and Tors Graves in is book "Weedles of Stone Revisited
accuments as hands of encroies. the bith band haved the
ability to spin a sensive person avay from the stone

===== PAGE 79 =====
{"alpha_words": 914, "chars": 5372, "method": "ocr", "page": 79, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-VOLUME
DECEMBER 2005
Dowsers Discover Concealed Megalith...
Stace we discovered the stone in May we have recerved
much media intreat. This has included aricles in local
papes. Ihe Bolsh Archaeology Mogazine, the Artiquoran
Magazine, and the Ley Hunter Newsletter I was also
intervened for ther archacocoy sechor by the BBc lor
then programinade Out" which vent ool on 890 South
Cunng October 2005
fling waits the BBO was cot what I tad excected An
extremely laid back bunch. the cantera men was a dorser, the
researcher ons a doctor. As I took thes rewarde: Jare
arouno the sue butco tino she too was able to dowse and
feel the energies. That left "Licy the Precarer: and on the
actual day on found she tooted a my rods wan borror Bur
fortonately, the wand peked up an of a sodden which gave ta
S minutes adore win aer we sey went to change the
microphone, In thas time and don last e how 1 0d d. l'aught
hor to doese! As we then walked around the site the devsed
an energy the on comer - no acting requied! | have ast
watchen the program and there she vas with the rods crossag
aver the tallen stons. Very pood press for is doesars!
A great deal more doesng research needs to done at
Knowton, and I shal be back there sed summer My BSD
outreatim devoing courses will resume in February 2006
It any Dousing Today reader would We further information
about the ste of knowiton or about future dowsno courses
you can 2 or me at pathetrydase t or cal me en
01202 703452. 1o0 can see more pictures of our finds al
20
wer
atte
w01Ch
Van beaRbyandese co 0k 210 00K on the 009500
newsietter section.
D The Cause of the Phenomena of Dowsing
Editorial Note: This was the first aricle to be published
lew temarko un te general poution
in the very trst joural of the firteh Society of Dousers.
In the first place, it would seem that those who take an
back in September 1933. Jim Lyoes nas written some
improudiced viev of ths matter can bardy exclude the edica
comments on ths article which may be lound in the
of some psychical action. This appears to take place both in
EEG SIG section, page 39.
the conscio, as wel as in the so-called sabconscious
salm On the other nand, aovocates of a purely psychel
she question whettes the phenomena of cossing
tory seem to overtor the precence of a physier medium
connecting the psychsor of the doyser wit the object
psyche causes nas been longht on on many an
sought for (mater, ot thetal, etc.). in is just the medium, be
arena. The protagonists lor each theory have sloally
/ "radntions" viorations in the ether, or electicity, and is
dended mer on standpont, aco the resut nas ustody
auton upon are nervous system of the dod cer wach onog
been that Ater the dash of arms each combatant bos
the operation ato try physico physiciognal doma.
been found standing unmoved.
Count von Minckovston: in his essay 300ve
The Socialy for Psychical Maseatch devoted a
mentioned says that the chiet component of the process of
. alter the Cies speculanter das jamal to bedscuesendl
doe sing is a plys cal sterlos of the nervous system ot the
the subject, the sudrels deing taken up tast by
dowser and be quetes Dr. A Maguel as saying the in the
movements of the rod we are concerned with a weston a
views on the sublect are farty wol kapan farouph
labi terson represented by the hands and ones
separata by the draing rod which can be casty brought
Deen found Pared Inventedesssur
out ol endborn by any vanations of the cordiacho state
secondly by Carl Grat von Kinckowston, a him
of the hand and am musculatine.
This is probably a correct explanation. and in his
soundly trounces the wordy Viencite and ons
connecten the foltone lasts witch appear to have beca
(/7/71CV/O. compatrols M. Mayer. toe Abbas Bady and Faron.
lett out of account by those explaining the achon of the rod
and mony another noted frecen dewser vho dare
are ot great importance:
to draw concestons pom abortory experimens, or anat
As 4 well larow. the nervous system is divided into the
he calls 'archair investigationiạiạinduge in the nice of the
pendulum. or endeavour to doganse disease or echmate
the yeld of subterranean spangs by means of the detecto:
all of which be consders ikely to bring uttonty on the art
of dovisino.
Finally. Mr. Bieodore Besterman enters the lals, and
stoutly cobolds the Decry of Sir When Banet, who in has
work The Divang Rod compiled by Mr. Bestmoan alter
me decease or is author montaurd Hot coasha is a
purely psychical process.
The water of the present article does not wish to enter
into this controversy. be object beleg to nomt out certan
tacts which in great part explaie the acton of the druins
T00. But betore Coaling vath thus, be would the to make a
So far as our munities are concened the coobro spraal
salem vopches them wa nerves whach convoy uny
voluntary inputes. Ths at once nues out the cerebro
somal syston: so tar as the achon of dowsino is concerned
for mirectly provements of a voluntary nature conte into
play. dowant which is essentes an involuntaty process
is impossible the volontary movements hete refered to
most be cartly dranguehed hon actions of the mod
which subject & concidered further on
If e then only the involuntary nervoes system
represented by the so-called sympatiatic nores, attich: or
take a part in the art of doves. and il is in the conection
thad an amporant physiological point has been everlooked

===== PAGE 80 =====
{"alpha_words": 1165, "chars": 6970, "method": "ocr", "page": 80, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VOLUME 10 TUBER 290 0 DEDCUBER 2000
The Cause of the Phenomena of Dowsing
Vit.. Bal every Voluntaty muscle of the body has a double
nerve supply; ena from the cerebro-spinal system which
conveys voluntary impuites, and anotter from the
sympathetic nerves throupe which the lone of the masce is
regulated, and a is to this varying tore of tensico of the
muscle that we may attroute the movement of the rod.
There are other evidences that the sympathetic nerycos
system plays a large part in the phenomena associated with
dowsing For instance, i la no uncommon thing for those
ano are perculary sensitive to experence a sadden
faintress and papilahon, or to show maned pattor of the
face on passina into the zone of radiation from water,
minerals, or other substances. This pallor is due to the
contraction of the small blood vessels of the skin, which are
under the contol of the sympatbetic nervous system.
Further phenomena can be adduced showing now
sensitre the body is to the influence of certoin substances at
a distance. for instance, il a sensitive person be placed in a
His a matter of posten tang we west a bright lost be
made to shine into the eye so as to
supreme importance central the papa, and a prial entains
a drop to which the person bas previously
to the dowsing
DeRo stove to De sensive is now
brought close up to the back of the neck
fraternity that the
withoat the knovaledge of the subject
expenmented on. a brel but very
subject has now
disceribio diation of the pupil will occur
and at the same time a sight accoleration
been investigated in
of the paise vall often take place
a truly scientific way
Both these actions are brought about
through the aympathete nervous system
by a recognized
by reflex action. It can hardly be disputed
that these reactions are all physico-
physiological, and can partly be explained
authorly... so the assumpton that certain parts ot
the narvous system are concerned in their production.
Mr. Besterman in his article ahove ratored to. in
suppocting the parely psychical theory, says that the need
mention only one argument apainst the physical theory: ve..
tho complete ansence ot evidence for the existance in the
human body of any organ capable of delecting. discrimmating
belvisen, and measuring verious electrical, magnetic, andror
radio-active currents, emanations or propenties, and then
communicating the rost to the neuro muscular system"
This statement a altogether too sweeping. There is evidence
of the presence of an apparatia by which such emanations
can be received and the nacessary communication with the
neuro muscular system man taned.
There are of present in parts of the brain, the spinal
cord, and especialy in the empathetic gangia, certain
large nerve ceds which have a pecular strochare in that they
possess al one end large branching processes much
rascmbing the roots of trees. and at the other end are
prolonged mto a nerve libre which passes avay into the
spinal cord, or to the nocves of the body.
The branches of one cell approach closely to, bat do
not actually touch, similar branches of a neighbornng cell
More over they are motle and capable of being retracted or
extended under certain conditions For instancs, in the case
of the bran when sheep comes on it has been proved that
these processes retrect from each other so that the gap
betwean them is much increased.
We thus bave colls whick are known to be conductors of
mectro currents, whose processes are in juxtaposition to
and top in a bed of matter which is a very poor conducto!
of electricity. Such a combination is to all intents and
purposes a condenser such as we have in our wireless sots
and it is pol unraasonable to assume that the action in both
cases is similar viz. that of "tuning ini to the different wave
lengths and frequencies through a voration of capacty
Furthamore, in the nuclet of the cells of the body we
have structures which are capable of "inductance_ằthay are
the so-called chomosomes, which are coled, tubual
threads baving an outer coat made of a fat-like insulating
substance, containing a fluid with mineral salts in solution
toming a liquid of high electrical conduchivity. Lakhorde
asserts that these structures are electro-magnetic oscillators.
and that since they vary in size and curvature they all diner m
the lenoth of wave to which they are capable of escliating
We thus have in the cody tro distinct contrivances
which are capable of varying degrees of indoctance and
copaody. both of which are in direct relationship with the
nervous system. The whole is linked up in what a called in
physiological lanquage, a reflex are; which consists of a
recarang apparatus in the case the ston: a centraly
transmitting apparatus the contripetally directed nerves
from the skin, a central recoving station the large cante
calls which are capable of "tuning in" to the various wave
lengths receved: from this again the impulse is transmited
through the sympathetic carves to the muscle fibres of the
arm and fingers which hold the divining rod, and through this
impulse, varlabons m the tension of the muscle are produced
and a fuming of the detector thereby brought about
All the above actities take place in the tower and more
pomitive part of the nervous system and are of a subconscious
notore, the brain itself talong to conscious part in the action
But at would seem that in canan cases it is not poscible to
exclude the higher faculties of the brain from a share in the
transaction, and it is bere that a psychic factor enters in
It is genarally conceded by expert water diviners that by
an etori of concentration and will pover. it is possible to
tine the receptive system into- chat we say-tho wave.
length of any particular substance, be i gold, out water, ale
In Sir Win. Banetts book, The Divining And, the
following wit be found as the evidence given by the Rev. ti
4. T. Tringham of Long Cross Vicarage, Chertsey who is
evidently a cowser of considerable sensitiveness: "Last
night I was making the test (by doxong) over a lot o
colts--silver and copper, and the rod moved in a lively
fashion, but I found.. that it would only work if the thought
of metal was in try mind. If I thought of water it would not
work for metal, and vice verea. Well, that is word enough
but it occurred to me that i might be deceiving mysell as to
the movement of the rod over the coins, more aspecially
when I found that to get it to operate i bad to think of the
particulat metal of which the coins wore made! So i devised
a lest. I made parcels of silver coins and parcels of coppe
cons, and "jumbled them up topether so that I had not the
least idea which metal any one of them contained. Then i
selected one at hazard, put it on the floor and tried the rod
over it thalong of sives. "Nothing doing." as the boys say
Changed my thought to copper, and the rod moved. Copper
it was! i tried each packet in turn and the cod never made a
mistake! This is rather unconny, but fescinating I tried with

===== PAGE 81 =====
{"alpha_words": 1102, "chars": 6480, "method": "ocr", "page": 81, "variant": "plain-vision"}
POLUMEE
The Cause of the Phenomena of Dowsing
power, and with an ordinary tin and got no result?
Other instances of a samar nature cord be quoted. and
so i appeals that man has a sclective control ovar the
actions of dovasing. and a is to that extent a psychological
process; but in all instances the greater part of the procedure
must be ascribed to a physico-physiclopical acton.
Continental dovsers are noor generally recognizimg that
not only is their or closely atied to wireless on the one
nand, but that the reachons of which the dowsing rod or
detector gives evidence are essentally tho same as the so-
called electronic reactions of Abrams.
The batter bave in the past been so decred by tho many
leaders of the medical protesston in spite of the able auvocacy
of Sir James Bar that it wil be some consolation and
satisfaction to those who use them tor medical purposes. to
find support for Meir methods from workers in another field.
There can be little doubt that the reactions taking place
in the human reagent in Abrams method are brooght
about by the same physiological train of actions as is the
case voth the dowsec
A farther extension with the doveing rod has talen
place in the domain of medione of late, l has been found
by several observers that by means of the use of "samples"
it is possible to detect the prasence of morto gera in the
brap bodies of man and anmal
The University of Pars bes lately contered the degree
of Doctor of Volennary Medicine on Dr. Abel Marlin for o
thesis on the use of the pendulum in the diagnosts of anima
maladies? in this thesis numerous dustrations of the
diagnosis of disease in cattle, horses and sheep caused try
microbes and food poisoning are given.
His methods were very severely put to the test by a ary
of three veternary experts, the object of the investigation
being to discover by means of the pendulum the number of
consent of a total of for Bat were 30eced win
tuberculosis. Prevous to the experment los antials non
been tested by the tuberobin reaction methed, the result
being unknown to Or. Martin. Out of the total of forty the
pendulum showed thirty-nine to bave tobarce in some
fore. The tubercuin tost gave 3o. out there was reason to
suspect that the thirty ninth cow Old not respond to the
taberculin test for cortain reasons which we neat not enter
into. The tests were canted out under condions most
untavourable to the ductor, and the resott obtained vas
certamly bighly creditable
A stal further use of the rod bas been found in the
sclection of sutable foods and remedies in the treatment of
disease. The subect is one which has only lately beer
broupht forward. and there are not a large number of
workers in these lines yet. and it would be best to laave the
consideration of is sobject to a star date.
Since the above was writen there nos appeared it the
Soys Hop 01200e for Lee 2416. 1922. 8 most
on So-caled Water DivingạiThe arice is fased anon a
Seces of ipermente undedaten in the Plysolonsal
pepatment of Guy a Hospiel and outin tha country in the
"tormer case an apparates ves construtted eo that water
might run in a pips beneath a plattorm, but without the
knowledge and sight of the observer What adds particular
value to the investigation is that. as Dir. Lintot emphasses.
» all the experiments were comed out in a strong spint of
sceptiosm and under cntical observation. and. where
possible, control expermente vero made.
It is only possible to summarise the tosults. They are
brietly as tolous: I was lound that whereas no person tested
could deteci the presence of stil water, yot Mete wore peopia
who possessed sanovly to movno water to a varang
degree. These persons could be chanelied in three groups
1. Those compictoy insensitive.
2. Those in whom the sensitivaly was precaut but not marked.
and in whom if vaned trom anes to time. beng most
evident when they ware in a state of physical wet brag.
The evig and rods simply act as indicators and also as the
means whereby the contect state of muscalar tension is
achieved. Three factors are thought to be concemad in the
production of the response a simulus the nature of which is
unknown and which emanates from running water a recepive
organ in the body. the sensility of which seers to be inantataly
connected with muscle torte, and faely, the cotor force wash
rosuits in movement of the incicator used and the, i appears.
is a change of tone in the muscles of the hands and torearns
it is interesting to noto that its author comes to the same
conclusions as expressed in this article as to the movement of
Vie rod song due to alterations in the tension of the dowser's
muscles. A further prool that incrased tension of probably all
the muscles of the body is caused by the aution of running
water is oven by the experiment of making the dovser hold a
rubber bulb in his mouth, and bite i lighty so as to secore the
necessary tension. The bulb vas connected by means of a tobe
with a tracing needle and recording drum so Wel aby
alterations in the tension would be registered by the tracing
needle. As s000 as the don ser valled over the pipe contamns
the running water a tracing was obtained whch sho10o an
increase ot tension in the jaw muscies at the exact pose tar
the douser passed over the water It was also proved met
bindiolong made no difference to the manifestation of the
prenomena at dovsino, but a considerable propodion of
ators occured whon the attention of the doser was
distracted whilst he was operating. This points to some action
of the higher cerebral centres and may be related to the
inction of "Tuning in" by a conscices selactive action of the
doesar such as bas been refered to in an earter page
The article toelt is full of interesting points raised by the
experiments perforped, and should be read by all vho are
interested in the cubiect
It is a matter of suprome importance to the dowsino
fraternity that the subject has now been investigated in a
truly scientidc way by a recognized athority, and that
further lovestinations are to be made: and it is a matter of
the grealest satistaction that the man propostions of
dowsers nove been so far conted by the investonlons
BIBLIOGRAPHY
• Journal of the Society for Paychical Rescarch No. 479. Vol.
20VH. Nov. 1831.
• La formaton Neoplastique el los desiquore esclatore
collare S. Dom. Paris
The Divining Rod, Sr Willam Banet & Theodore
Besterman. Mothuen
• Pablished es Dlagnoste Radesthesique en M. (deche-
Veterinare: Ubrarie Le Francors, Paris

===== PAGE 82 =====
{"alpha_words": 736, "chars": 4371, "method": "ocr", "page": 82, "variant": "plain-vision"}
June 2005
Page 16
The BSD Earth Energies Group
Woodhenges - The Temples of the Druids
Geoff Crockford
Lecture to The Earth Energies Group Saturday 16% April 2005
Back in 2000, whilst trying to find the
secret of stone circles, I became aware that
woodhenges were associated wid them.
time this presented no problem as woodhenges
were betteved to predate stone etreles. Indeed
Woodhenge near Stonehenge was said to be about
4000 years old. One of the things that Woodenge
appeared to demonstmte was that woochenges were
structures in their own right, that is they were not
part of a stone circle or some other structure. This
was and is the belief of the archacological world
and it is considered by some that Stone Age/early
Bronze Age man started using stone instead of
wood when the wood ran out
By 2001 1 knew that the classic stone circles
such as the Rollrights and Stanton Drew were on
woodhenges and in 2003 I got the DRO to dowee
the woodhenge at the Rolirights. They were almost
certainly the first group of dowsers to do so.
stones of the circles would often be on potholes the
temporal relationship of the two did not present a
problem.
The woodhenges appear to consist of a
central circular area coming up on a black and
carbon witness. That is it appeared to be a giant
posthole. For a while my concept of what was
there was that a trec trunk had been used. This
view was reinforced by Seahenge in Norfolk.
However, the size of the central area 2m often
more, led to problems with the tree trunk concept.
The number of rings of posts appeared to be
six on a radius of about 20m although the stones,
when present, would not always be on the o ring
In some cases the stones would be inside the inner
ming. The stone circle would not necessarily be
concentric with the woodhenge. Possibly the best
example of a mismatch between a dowsed
woodhenge and a stone circle is stanton Drew. Al
the time I discovered this it provided supporting
evidence for woodbenges being older than stone
circles and henges.
However, in 2004 Nigel
Hughes and myself discovered that there were two
sets of postholes and two henges. The stones relate
to the later of the two.
In April 2003 whilst on a water divining course in
Snowdonia I made the first of what was gong to be
placed on top of two crossing underground streams
often with a blind spring.
As I was on a water
divining course one way to find some underground
streams was to locate a sacred site such as a
woodhenge. After finding ancient roads and round
houses I came across two lines of postholes. Soon 1
realized that I had found a woodhenge in the
gardens of the Snowdonia Environmental Studies
Centre. With time on my hands 1 decided to see if
there was a grave at the centre of the henge. I had a
whole range of wineses with me mclang
phosphate, calcium, gold, silver, bronze, tron. It
was not long before I had outined on the ground in
the central black area the bodies of a 'Prince and
PrincesiằThe Prince had a bronze head dress, as
did the Princess. The Prince had a bronze shield
and an iron sword. The Princess had a gold tunic to
the waist and jewellery. Two years later I, and my
co-worker Nigel Hughes, know much more about
the two people who are always ai the centre of
woodhenges. We still refer to then as Prince and
Princess or envoys to the Earth Goddess. The
following moming before breakfast, I revisited the
site and established that they were in a walled tomb
with three stone slabs on top of it and that it was
deep, possibly twenty feet.
At the time I did not know that every woodhenge
would have a central tomb and considered the hind
historie and possibly unique. I therefore wrote a
report for the Centre on whai. I had found.iẠThe next
step was to check the woodhenges I knew such as
Stanton Drew and the Rollrights. I was soon
finding, woodhonges everywhere, on allotnents,
playing fields, in my own garden, churches, and
cathedrals. I only now of one ancient alone circle
that may not have a central tomb and I suspect that
that is because I have not looked at it properly. It is
in the middle of a salt marsh. I can now look
across a field of expanse of countryside and pick up
visually where there have been woodhenges
Whenever I checked on the central tomb of a henge
there is gold, suver and bronze. however, two
things worried me, if I could pick up the gold why
(Continted on page 12

===== PAGE 83 =====
{"alpha_words": 965, "chars": 5401, "method": "ocr", "page": 83, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The BSD Earth Energies Group
Page 17
June 2005
( crimed from poge 16)
had it not beea recovered? "This thought occurred to
me one attemoon and within minutes i was on my
way to the fields. The countryside in Henfordshire,
in fact much of England, is pock marked by dells and
ponds.
There were at least ten dolls, ponds and
depressions in the ground within 30 minutes' walk of
my house. By the end of the aflemoon I knew that
they were all on woodenges with a tomb at the
centre. The Romans had beaten me to it although the
absence of spoil heaps was a bit of a worry.
However, I was making new discoveries about the
honges all the time.
One was the prescace of bone depositories in the
henge. Dowsers had for ages told me that I had a
grave in the garden. I had investigated it and found a
rectangular area coming up on phosphate. However,
it also come up on an iron witness or what i used as
an iron witness which was in fhet iron oxide. I had
assumed that it was a metal box with the remains of a
departed pet inside. It was not until I depthed it and
found it to be 15 I. or more down that i realized that
It might have something to do with the henge.
Searches of nearby henges showed that there were.
four bore depositones in each henge, one on cach
quarter. But why bury the bones so deep and with
tron? Were they buried? Soon it was clear that the
bone depositories were connected to the central tomb
via passages and a sail trangular room or ante-
chamber, 1 found that there was a complex
underground temple which meant that either all the
bones were deposited in one go or continuing access
was required so more bones could be added as
required. I already knew as a result of following a
path from the centre of the henge that to the west of
most henges was a dolmen.
The bones came from this dolmen where bodies
rotted untl only the bones were lett. "The dolmens
always have a phosphate halo round them stretching
our one or more metes.
If the dolmen had been coastructed from stone it
stood a chance of surviving to modem times either as
two or three stones with possibly a capping stone or
as one individual stone after the others were used for
something by local people.
The dolen indicated that access to the temple was
required over the life of the henge. Also the very
large number of temples with gold, silver and bronze
in them indicated that some if not most of the metal
may have been recycled. To do this access to the
temple would be required at the end of its life as well
as during the life of the henge. "The question was -
"where was the entrance"? The obvious place to look
was the centre but there were no indications of any
entrance in the circular black area.
there was
however one woodhenge that had been excavated in
the 19206: 'Woodheng:' itself near to Stonehenge. 1
koew that the centre had been excavated to bed rock
so all I had to do was go and survey the ate to see if
it was an Iron Age woodhenge complete with
underground temple. It did not take long to establah
that it was. So I now knew where the entrance was
not thanks to some lady archacologist. However, I
knew where the access tunnel had to arrive at - the
temple - so all I had to do was walk round the
outside of the 6h ring to see if I could pick it up
Three quarters of the way round i picked it up. I now
koev where to look on all the other henges and when
I did every one had its access shaft and tunnel.
At the beganing of 2004 1 was joined by Nigel
Hughes who had a very keen interest in dowsing and
• took his dogs for a walk every day over a number of
woodbenges. So whilst the dogs did what dogs do
Nigel dowsed the henges and temples. Progress in
unravelling the secrets of the Druids now went
forward at bigh speed.
Every ate we looked ar
provided more infomation.
One of the most
important questions to ask in science is "If 'A" is
right what follows". In other words and by way of
an example, if it is an underpound temple how was
it ventilated, how was it ilhuminated, what went on in
the antechambers, did they bave ceremonies, altars?
every step
forward presented as with
questions. Of these not the least important was "why
is the temple in the shape of a Celtic cross"?
Another was 'were we dealing with the chemical
imprint of a surface structure that had been liken
deep into the ground by rainiẠại
Although we have been working on how to identify
chemical imprints for some time we still do not bave
a reliable method of identifying and distinguishing
chemical stains from real objecty.
From what is underground to the above ground. For
a long time I thought tie woochenges had six rings
of postholes with the posts close to being on radii but
not always. Then one day Nigel Hughes rang up to
say that he thought he had found some more
postholes outside the six we used to define the henge
He was right and the woodhenge was promoted from
six rings to a 6 + 3 ring structure. This meant it was
about 60m across not 40 to 45m. The henges are big.
very big. To get some idea of their size visit Stanton
Drew. The large circle has the stones on or about the
ys ring of postholes. If I remember correcty the
small stone cirele is on about the 4% ring of its
woochenge. The expansion to 6 + 3 broughe the
temple access shaft into the henge, We already keew
that the access shaft was within a built structure, and
this structure now became part of the henge. Six
(Contined on page 18)

===== PAGE 84 =====
{"alpha_words": 516, "chars": 2844, "method": "ocr", "page": 84, "variant": "plain-vision"}
June 2005
Page 18
The BSD Earth Eaergies Group
(Contined from pare 17)
nings, a space, then three more rings.
Why this
design?
Where did it come from?
What is its
significance? There was no shortage of questions.
It is possible to follow the paths prodiced by people
as they walk along delined routes. "The carbon in one
of the footpaths going out of the henge had led to the
dolmen. If people are not wearing shoes the sweat
from the feet leaves a track which can be picked up
as sulphate. Things people are carrying or weang
may leave a track.
It was while contemplating why the bone depository
I my garden should be made of tron that I
remembered that red ochre (red iron oxide) was used
to decorate people and things inchiding bones.
quick visit to my set of paint pigments and I had a
red ochre witnesa. Some acid to remove the oude
layer from o nail and I had a pure iron witnessiẠỊThe
bone depository did not contain iron but it did
contain red ochre. The dolmens in the felds had red
ochre under them. Following the footsteps of the
prests as they walked from the dohmen into the
henge, another patch of red ochre was found where
the priests handed the bones over to another set of
priests who were bare footed and standing in front of
an altar. The plinth and the top of the altar can be
identified from the chemical stain they have left in
the ground. What was sacrificed on the altar can also
be identified. Such is the power of moden science
based dowsing. When on my travels in 2004, by
chance. 1 came across a stone circle, the stones of
which had been laid round a central big 'postbole".
The owner had dug down to sce what might be there
but had only found red clay. Why red clay and what
was it used for? Back home a red clay witness
revealed the central area of all henges to contain clay
even if they had been ploughed over. It nosy became
clear what was at the centre of the henge. The centre
of the henge was a pool of water and what I thought
in pools, not a tree trunk. The pond appears to have
a strichre, It is not a simple round pond. Round the
pool is a path and outside the path are seven altars
The above is just part of an ongoing study of
woodhences and the fron Age.
Ruskin sad
somching along the lines - architecture tells us all
we need to know about a society. The woodhenges
and the stonehenges and surface temples that
lost history of the Celts and their priests the Druds.
At the moment the only method that can unlock the
door to this knowledge is dowsing based on scientific
methodologies and procedures. A book describing
the work on wood and stonehenges is being written
and it is hoped to publish it by the end of the year.
The CEO will be the first to know when it is due to
be published.
The seven rectangles are the altars on the surface.
One ring of postoles is showm
© Reserved by the suthor
170

===== PAGE 85 =====
{"alpha_words": 943, "chars": 6063, "method": "ocr", "page": 85, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VOLUME AL
NUMBER 292
JUNE 2006
G
W C
rocktoro & A Hunbas
Chemical Remanence and Convergênce of Evidence...
..IN ARCHAEOLOGICAL DOWSING
INTRODUCTION
this paper will be referring to what is called 'science
based dowsing. The term is used to distinguish
the type of dowsing used in the studles to be
described from the more widely used type of dowsing
where permission is sought and questions are asked. One
of the aims of this paper is to show that in dowsing for
artefacts in the ground a number of lines of evidence may
be required which point to a singie intarpretation. Another
aim is to show that the asking of questions in dowsing
cannot provide the data required for this convergence of
evidence. Only the scientific approach will do it (see Box 1)
A third aim is to show that the future of archaeolocy may lle
with the stains (chemical remanence) left in the soll by
artefacts which were removed or destroyed hundreds and
thousands of years ago.
80X 1
SCIENTIFIC:
METHODOLOGY
Scientifio methodology involves the
collecting of data and observations
which must meet standards in relation to
accaracy, quality, relability, repeatablity
and consistency, in short other people
have got to be aule to obtain ma same
result even if using different methods.
Differant dowsers dealing with the same
situation are responding to ue sarce
fields which originate from the atoms
and molecules in the targets. The
elements and compounds that come
together in the target determine the
nature and properties of the helde being
dowsed. These felds are the basic raw
material of dowsing.
Much is made of the nocassity for
science and scientific mathod in
dowsing. Many dosers subsonto 10
osing a aciantic method in dowsing
work. It is useful for the purposes of
this paper to quote The Association
for Solence Education and Kings
Investigations
ressarch project (AKS]S) (January
1999) funded by the
Welcome Trust.
•Sclentific: enquiry:
thinking process. the nature
of enquiry is in the for or a
question that can be answered
"Questions hate to 00 asked
• can
answered
scientificaly:
It la assential to recogniso the
sorts of questions that cannot
be answered scientifically for
exampla the responses to
questions of opinion.
The avidence obtained in a
solentific investigation con
ansver a question with a
level of confidance and/or
probability as to whether the
answer to right or wrongiại
Endanca must me analysen
and avalated in order to
answer question.
ẠEvidence must De accurate
ratable and suicient,
Ạo meet these cretia tha
Investigaton Bas 10 DeÍš
carefully planned."
Thers are many different cypes oi
The AKSIS project proposes B
observations of objects events or
phenomena, identifying changes
and developosents and relating
these to variables or factors that
affect the phenomenon.
Patter secting: Observing and
recording natural phenomenon
determining factors or varlables
that affect the phenomena.
Analysing the data to lind
patterns, form, orcer, organisation.
in the phenomenon.
3. Classifying and identifying:
phenomenon mo sels, groupe
naming orcups
recognising sots of groups by
certain distinctivo charocteristics.
4. Modelling/simulation:
Developing an explanation on how
things work: (theory/paradigm)
building a model and testing. Use
of model to prodict and reproduce
ma phenomenon in the laboratory.
5. System development Designing
and lasting a system or
procedure
6. Fair lest This test is used to
determine if by changing one
variable in alects and changes
another The phases of a fair tast
investigation
- are
plansing,
obtaining evidence, analysis,
avalustion.
I can be seen that the
matfiodologies associated with
scientific
enquiry
Including
experimental investigation, must be
disciplined and used correctly. Thoro
must be a rational and logical.
approachi. In the experimental mendo
the varlables mist be identiled and
controlled. To do this there wit bave to
bean undenying theory or model of the
system being investigated (see Box 2):
Once
and
past mens have ben contreated
they can then be looked at objectively
analysed, evaluated and interpreted
They must be explainable, In the AKSIS
Programme (Kay Stage S) ne point is
made that it le importont to test
explanations and models by using them
to make predictions and by saeing i
evidence matches the prediction. I
normally summarise this by saying if
the dowser is right what follows? this
is possibly me most important question
in Invectigative dowsing, But beware.
What you expect to follow may follow
but for the wrong reasons. This may
happen when you have not recognised
all the variables. For example, the
presenca of gamma radiation from a
radioactive isotope means mar you also
have the magnetic fields of that isotope
and is decay producis to deal wah. in
a well designed study presanted at the
Archasology
Groups
mesung
in
November 2005 Geoll Bagley Showed
that a person who had been injected
with a radio active isotope (To 95m)
and was standing near a target blocked
the dowsing response to that target. As
there are two variables involved here.
the magnatic fields of To and the
lonizing radiation, it is not possible to
say which one is responsible for the
obsarved blocking of the delds. One
answer is to collect the subjects erne
wait for the To 99m to decay and ther
use the wine with the excreted To 99
The urine should block the forgot felds
as the dowser responds to magneto
fields not the alectric fields. It should be
noted that both of the other group 7
elements in the periodic tables
Manganese and Rhenium, have a
similar effect on dowsing
Technetium, that is it they are near the
target felds the dowsing responas to
the target fields disappear
This cample ahows now ratuta
can
be challenged and how
axparimento might be improved
Howevar.
even
: to
best
measaraments:
results
and
obseriations may not be able to
prove some things but they may be
used as evidenca for a porticular
inferpratation. If a number of different
resuts appear to support a particular
Interpretation it can be said that there
is a convergenca of evidenco
supporting mat interpretation.

===== PAGE 86 =====
{"alpha_words": 969, "chars": 5829, "method": "ocr", "page": 86, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OLUME AT
NUMBER 292
JUNE 2006.
Chemical Remanence and Convergence of Evidence..
in science based dowsing the procedure is to analyse
dowsable fields using a number of mathods and
techniques. Advantage is taken of the ability of the human
magnetic sense to focus on selected fields and to disregard
others. The different felds to which the dowser is
responding can bo identified by using witnesses and colour.
This enables a flaid to be related to its source e.g.
limestone, bones, iron,
The underlying theory, that is the theoretical loundation
of science based dowsing is the diamagnetic and
paramagnetic theory of biolocation. This theory was
developed by the author to provide a basis for dowsing
research and practice (see Box 2).
Science based dovising can therefore be defined as the
development of evidence from rational procedures based
on a thooretical model of the dowsable fields and the human
sensory system involved.
BOX 2
SOME RELEVANT
POINTS FROM:
THE
DIAMAGNETIC
AND
PARAMAGNETIC
THEORY OF
BIOLOCATION*
* All materials are diamagnetic and
the dominant role in dowsing.
most are paramagnetic, A fow are
The magneto sensory system is
terromagnetic.
very directionally sensitive and
* The dovser is blind to the
able to pick up vory weak feids
ferromagnetic maids.
* The cansary system is able to
* There lo a sensor in the head for
docus on the fields from spectic
the diamagneto fields. The sensor
targets.
or tha paramagnetic folds is in
• The use of Witnesses enables the
the skin.
dowear to analyse fields and
Paramagnetic fields appear to play
idently their source.
The
diamagnetic
and
paramagnetic meory of blolocation
was developed by O W Crocktord to
provide a rational basis for dowsing
sarvice Work and research: A
synopsis of the theory la given in a
report by © W. Crocklord.
The
magnetic felds of mobile phones: A
of protective devices.
AN9/01.
ARCHAEOLOGICAL DOWSING
DOWSER LED ARCHAEOLOGY
From the point of view of the dowser archaeological
The second group of archacological studies is dowser
dowsing falle Into two main groups. The first is
led archaeology. The whole of the archaeological study is
archaeological led dowsing. The archaeologists have a good
dowser led and driven. The dowser does of course need to
idea as to what das hidden or may be present below the
have some archaeological knowledge but preferably not too
sartace. The dowser contributes by playing the role of a
much to avoid finding what should' be there. An
good megnetometer and providing information for decision
investaative mind set in at least one member of the team
making by the archaeologists, in providing that information
is a must. This type of archaeological dowsing is closer to
the dowser has to be avare of how dowsing may get it
forensic science than it is to site dowsing. This is illustrated
wrong. The humon magnetometer is responding to complex
by the sort of approach that might be adopted by the
paramagnetic and diamagnetic 3D fields generated by the
dowser for example:
matter being dowsed. Some of the problems of dowsing
delect the presance of a field
arise from these fields interacting and being acted on by
datermine the geometry of the tield (form)
other magnetic fields present in the environment. One of the
find the source and origin of the field (depth, visible
aims of science based dovising is therefore to minimise the
objects
errors by the use of techniques and methods and by
- analyse the fleld to determine its components
building up different lines of evidenco. For example an
- construct a mental model of the material and how it got
energy line with a right angle bend in it may appear as the
into the soil
foundation of a building because of the right angle. It also
-what follows from this model.
has the right size and dimensions. However, knowing the
The reason for this now area of archaeology is quite
material giving rise to the energy line and its depth in the
simple STAINS, that is traces of chemicals in the soil, All
soll halps with the avaluation of the doused lice and
objacts that have been placod on or in the ground leave a
increases the reliability of the interpretation. For example
trace of themselves in the ground. Material is eroded or lost
part of the dowsed line may be due to brick whilst the line
from an object whether it is a stone, fence, dead body, a
at right angles to it may be flint. Have you still got the
bed, footsteps, dripage from a root or gate. No matter what
foundations of a building?
has been on the pround or above it, it wilt leave a chemical
Another example is the quest for a road. The question
stain and dowsers aro sufficiently sensitive to pick it up
His this a Roman road?" is not asked in science based
even if it is hundreds or thousands of years old. Obfects that
dovising. Data relating to the structure of what malt be a
decay or degrade physically silll leave a chemical stain. If
road is first gathered and the data ls allowed to point and
the archaeologists dig dow they may not find anything
possibly confirm that it is a road and then provide
solld, the sol has to be analysed in order to find out what
infonnation on who may lave built it and what vehicles may
chemical is there and by inference what oblect may have
have used it. During this process the information is always
been there x years ago. The douser can do this by valng
chollanced and if possible confirmed by a second or thid
witreeses and then by digging identity the level in the soll
dowset, Archaeology led dowsing ilestrated by these
of which the stain appears. For example, the dovser just
examples is possibly the most common tom of
pots cach six inches of soil as they dig down into a different
archaeological cousing and it is close to alte dovasing in its
baa and dowses the bags using o witness for the stain (Box
recaniques.
It the
0-8 0 e

===== PAGE 87 =====
{"alpha_words": 510, "chars": 3249, "method": "ocr", "page": 87, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VOLUME 21 NUMBER 292
MUNE 2006.
ВОХ З
THE PHYSICAL
EVIDENCE FOR
CHEMICAL
REMANENCE OR
STAINS
The results of extensive survey
work on various altes across the
country presented the authors with
some important questions that needed
answering. One of these questions
was why, when the dowsing evidence
was s0 g000. no solid artefacts were
found. One site on which this problam
arose was Chenies Manor House. The
house and estate dates from the 15th
Contury. Dowsino Surveys in the
gardens and folds of the estate
suggested the presenca of exteneivo
tachniques for identifying true targats
brick and stonework in the ground
improved doring the project and
Excavations in numerous locations
another explanation was roquired.
. revealed no physical objacts present in
Basad on the diamagneto and
the ground. Many core sampies were
paramagnatic theory the fielda being
taken in soma cases down to 10ft or
dowsed nao to enginate from matter
more by auguring. Again no trace of
of some sort and in somo form. When
collo remains.
using witnesses it is only possible to
in some cases the explaaation
say that something doves as it il is
could have oeen that the dowsers
the same as the witness e.g. Iron.
were responding to the magnetic
limestone eto. It is not possible to say
image of a source. However, that it la iron or limestone,
Figure 1: The location of a stain
1. When a doveer walks across an energy line it lo often
assoclated with a buried solid object such as a walt.
2. Even with carefui and accurate dowsing (including
depthing) often on excavation nothing is found.
Сторіве
Collected
Stil
Sample
Shole layer
2. The diagram shows how soil samples are collected
from various depths of a trench during an excevation
over an enorgy une. At varous levels during the
excavation the trench and samples are dowsed with
appropriate witnesses.
In this example the trench at depth A produces a
positive dowsing response but the corresponding soil
sample a negative responsa. The eneroy line is still
there despito the romoval of the soli.
The soil at depth A is therefore not responsible for the
dowsers response.
The same result is obtained of Depth B.
However, at depth C when the sol is removed, no
response is obtained in the trench and the anergy line
disappears.
Using appropriato witnesses a pesitive response is
obtained mom the collected excavated sol.
The sol in sampio o is responside for the dovsers
nsponse and in sit the energy are in the trench.
Further excavation (D) produces no responses at all and
there is no energy une
Extensive use of this technique with witnesses has
provitad clear evidance that layors in the soll are
responsible for some energy detecied by dowsers.
These layers contain specific chemical and particulate
material as a fixed permanent feature. This material
therefore forms a "stain. The layers produce complex
detailed patters when their energy is Iccated at the
surface. The chemical compostion of these stains con
be detarmited using witnesses as well as by
conventional chenucal analysis.
Typically stains have been found at depthe between 1-
1.5 metes. The layers are only several cantimotres
Deepite being permanent features in a son protte they
are vulnerable to solt disturbanca. Scavation destroys
tham!

===== PAGE 88 =====
{"alpha_words": 667, "chars": 4151, "method": "ocr", "page": 88, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VOLUME 4 NUMBER 2922 JUNE 2006
Fortunately in most cases the
witness, if used correctly, does
match the target. From this it follone
that if the geometric shape of
something has been mapped out on
the ground there should be
something below it However, even
allowing for errors of depthing and
horizontal position no physical
source was found for the falds. The
only
explanation lay in
hypothasis that the source of the
felds was there in amail amounts
possibly as small particles or
chemical molecules. If this were the
case it should be possible to identity
the particles or chemicals by
dowsing for them in samples of the
soil. Figure 1 illustrates the
technique developed to locata the
source of the fields In a vertical
profile of tha soll.
This technique has beon used on
numerous sites and the evidence is
clear. That within the vertical soil
prolla there la a dielinct layer of coll
that contains 2 chemical and/or
partleufate stain in the form of the
material or physical process that laid
it on the soil surface. The material
may have started of at a spectio
depth but it is possible for it to
migrate down in the soll. This
migration to a greator depth may
protect the chemicals and particles
whon the surface
layers are
disturbed. Figure & shows now a
stain is formad in the soil.
The
Impliaations
and
importance of what can be called
chemical
romanence
archaeology is immense and
profound. The archaaology of a
particular site and pariod is fixed as
a distinct layer in the soil and the
dowsed form and its subsequed:
analysis
can
reveal
this
archaeology.
Figure 2: From a building to a stain
1. Consider a building standing several thousand
years ago as shown in the diagram. It is a
roundhouse with a thatched roof supported by
wooden posts. The roof edge overlaps the walls
to allow rainwater to run off well clear of the
walls. These structures are composed of
particular matenals and chemical compounds
Ovar time physical and chemical erosion of the
structures will produce a surlace deposit of
particulate and chemical material as a fixed
pattem around the structures producing it. This
deposit of material le a stein.
2. Atoms and molecules are the source of
Fammoles Urich Groven
paramagnetic and diamagnelic fields. The
dowser responds to fields which are set up
8080
0 ¢
by the mass of the source's component
atoms and molecules. A relatively small
Brick
0 0
0304
Brick pieces
1000
Brick dust
Cherical compoultion
mass effects a response.
(Alone and molecales in the brick)
Stains have no visible physical structure. A suficient mass of dust and chemicals wit dovse in the same way as soild bricks, Erosion of brick and stone
walls over time produces a substantial mass of material for stain formation.
3. Consider three features of the
duelling, the root, posts and fire.
Over time they will erode.
4. With the dweiling long gone the
groded material will remain in the soil
and become fixed as a stain which
willi be paramagnatic /alamegnetic.
5. The stain will generate magnetic
fields with a geometry that when
doused and plotted will reproduce
the patterns of the features and
activities around them. The stain can
be very detailed and complex.
6. With the passage of time the stam
ingrates down into the soll moung
as a distinct fixed compiex band or
layer.
7. Thousands of years later the
dowser can detect and locate the
magnetic fields as they penetrate up
through the ground.
8. The felds are plotted on the
suriace as form producino a plan ol
how the divelling's features
interacted with the surace.
To do this tha chemical constituents
of each feature must be identited
and used as witnesses.
9. Typical form plotted in a field.
10. The axistence of stains as a fixed quometre pattern in the sol
is of profouno imponance for arenaeotogy.
An age in history can exist as a fixed detailed record in the soil.
The stains are a complete blueprint of that society and ite way of
Ife.
To interpret what produced the stains and thou age requires the
collection and interpretation of converging, accurate and reliable
scientife evidence. The evidance can then be used to reconstruct
the society in considerable detail.
Page la

===== PAGE 89 =====
{"alpha_words": 322, "chars": 1945, "method": "ocr", "page": 89, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VOLUME 41
NUMBER 292
JUNE 2006
Chemical Remanence and Convergence of Evidence..
COLLECTING EVIDENCE
With archaeological artefacts that have long gone or are
not accessible for various reasons it is necessary for the
dowser to build up data and see if the different types of
evidenco are pointing to a specific interpretation. To do this
there is a need to use form le. the shape of the artefaci,
colour and witnesses to gather evicence as to what the
material is and to ensure that the form being plotted is that
of me arget and that the douser is nos confusing two
targets. To lustrato the use of convergence of evidenca to
identity artefacts two case studies are described. The first is
a very simple one. The owner of a house has found that part
of the concrete floor of the lounge come dining room
appears to be subsiding and another part sounds as it a
cavity has developed below it. From time to time there are
musty smells in the room.
Figure 3: Blolocation Survey (Scientille Dowsing): The Old Hall, Downholm, Yorkshire.
The diagram shows the biolocation of
positive responses (crossing rods) for
witnesses labeled and their plotted
form Oines along which the postive
responses are located) on the half
tloor.
The form is an outline of the sources
of the witnesses magnetic fields as
they pass up through the floor. By
inference, the sources of these fields
are interpreted in the diagram as a
religlous burtal at a depth of four teet
below currant floor level. The hall" is
a dry stone building with a vaulted dry
stone roof. Its history and purpose is
unknown. The west wall has an
elaborately worked stone window. The
religious architectural style possibly
dales it as 111h Contary. Currently the
building is a sheep shelter. The burial
sits on top of a much deeper ancient
burial.
Eost Wall
Candlestick
Bronze
Всезнах
Inconse
Red
Cold
Silver
Amethyst
ASh woc
Cryp
Wall
ahe
Floor (mud and broken stone)
Dry Store
Wal
West Wall
Windoe

===== PAGE 90 =====
{"alpha_words": 1079, "chars": 6267, "method": "ocr", "page": 90, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VOLUME 41
NUMBER 202
JUNE 2006
Chemical Remanence and Convergence of Evidence..
CASE STUDY 1
found the rectangular structure of a tomb can then be
The dowsing survey found that a black aree fusing
looked for. This may involve identilying the local stone
colour) about 2 to oft. wide was running from the rear
from which it might be constructed so that a piece of it
wall of the house through to the front of the house. The
can be used as a witness. The type of mortar that was
black area gave a postive response with the following
used by the builders should also be identifled. Evidence
witnesses - carbon, which indicates organic matter,
for the presence of a body can be bullt up using witnesses
phosphate and purple 4 for water on the colour wheel. A
such as hair and teeth. The phosphate stain, or bones if
side arm was found running across the room to the next
still present, can often be followed with sutticiont
house in the terrace. The 'puddle' under the house
precision to enable the body to be marked out with the
appeared to be about seven foot down. The carbon and
position of the legs and arms shown. The accompanying
phosphate indicated sewage so if sewage is there, there
diagram (figure 3) of the tomb has been drawn by Nige)
should be a sewage pipe somewhere. Using a piece of
Hughes and gives the witnesses used also the structure
ceramic pipe (terracotta often works) a sewage pipe was
of the tomo and what objecte may have been in the chapel
indicated running from the back to the front of the house.
at one time.
!I it is a sewage pipe it should be possible to pick up the
This case study differs from the first in that three
joins between pipes. Using a Portland cement (not lime
dowsers are involved. This speads up the identification of
mortary witness the joints between pipes were identified
felds and their exploration. Imponantly there are three
and also the sand bed tor the pipes (sand wilness).
people to check on the presenco of fields, their form and
Where the side arm came in and joined the main pipe an
the witnesses that give a positive response with them.
inspecton pit was touno, revealed by using a brick
False positives are identified and fields missed by one
witness and a lime mortar witness. The pit had been filled
dowser are found by another. The development of the
with rubble. An iron wilness contirmed that the pit had in
dowsing survey depended on the construction of a mental
the past an iron cover. The pipe was traced for about 100
image of what might be there. This was followed by
yards behind the house and for about 50 yards in front of
looking for it and then either consolidating the image, or
it. Branches and inspection pits wore founo. The evidence
mental model, or modifying it according to the dowsing
for a sewer, which should be a disused one and predate
results. Soma knowlege is required, for example that
the estate, was good. There was some flow indicated in
candles may be based on beef fat or beeswax, that
the sewer and a number of witnesses were used to study
inconse may contain camomile, what things to look for in
it and find out what was in the water. It is perhaps worth
a chapel and where. The quality of the data being
noting the large amount of information required to build
gathered is only as good as the quality of the witnesses
up the mental picture and the knowledge that is required
used and the dowsers' knowledge, understanding and
of the dowser. In the present case relating to sewage
experience. There are numerous problems with
witnesses. They are easily contaminated and scidom
The winesses used to analyse me water were tea,
pure. A dowsing rod can become contaminated and act as
blood, dish washing liquid, lavender, faeces, unne. These
a witness. When this happens it may be a while bafore it
are the materials to be expected in a sewer and all gave a
ia recognised.
positiva response and indicated that it was a domestic
Again it is not possible to say the tomb and prest are
sever. Back in Bovingdon where the author livos, a sewer
still there. Like the altar and candle sticks and font they may
in a lano with only post menopausal women in the houses
havo long gond, the stains are there however and show
was tested for blood. None was tound. Another lane with
clearly what may have bean or perhaps is still there about
women of child bearing age in it gave positive responso
four feel down.
on blood. Even with all this evidence it is still not possible
for the dowsar to say that there is a sever under the
house only that the probability of finding one is tigh as
most of the evidence points that way. Of some
importance is the chemistry of the witnesses. Tea
contains tannin and caffeine as do many other things. The
dowser needs some background chomical knowledge
when using witnesses and evaluating the results. In a
practical situation. as this is, the next stap is to consult
old maps of the area.
The second case study is an archaeological one.
During the ADG archaeological weekend in Yorkchire
(June 2005) Migel Hughes. Marcus Bishop and | decided
to look at an ereo in detail. The area was the inside of a
small stone chapel. Such chapols often have one or more
Important persons buried in them. The presence of a
grave can casty be tested for using yellows on the colour
wheel or phosphate and calcium witnesses. If a body is
CONVERGENCE OF EVIDENCE
The two case studies show cleanly the immense
amount of information that science based dowsing can
produce and how it can be used to build up data and
eVidence relating to archaeological artetacts. The case
for the sewer and for the priest is based on evidonce
converging on a single interpretation of the data. But
however good the evidence it must still be challenged,
for example how good are the witnesses, they may be
contaminated, are the dowsers making the evidence it
a pattern in their minds aye which is not there. What
elsa conin it be? Perhaps the best evidence for the
presence of an anoract either as a stain or as a solid
object or debris is that caroful, disciplined dowsing
preduces a plan, a drawing on the ground, of what was
there at one time. A plan where all the parts link
togathes to produco a whole which coutd nol appear by
chance, or because or they complexity, by dencerate

===== PAGE 91 =====
{"alpha_words": 113, "chars": 632, "method": "ocr", "page": 91, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
sagt epptengg aupfonaedt arteby thus faze wrtetnet eeedpede ae
binds Bates aor weet : coat An

toe aie eee,

ie Tee TL ae NE

a
;
:

ROU:
aianpatheemte thaaniatee penance "gia dsinkterns ssisvianrall Ioccncuniaagetimnsonsl

Gidea Li Af4t9
Miia 22 GP 2a

Hy . . i = - ; t f . at oe fod 4 » oe, AT a = a q oe oi 4 “

an, “Eatin ccem, oe rem pe gut ge gra ype A ehh é e fess fie Beet ogee gt, a 4 ten Te § Hoey ty om, FE ad EOE 7 . food “Eett,

hak 4 oe tok ma Et p kg an FA Ei Yael Bhatt a PDR Se AE Pe iy eit
i Hi vip ‘ ff he Wi : Ee Ree. PAGS i. eu eet fe he ar £u8 E. ae ti Sue et 3 a BS a if Fo GSo it i hia/s eles. i ” PIE a
wd

===== PAGE 92 =====
{"alpha_words": 107, "chars": 709, "method": "ocr", "page": 92, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STATION
CODI
GREY, MINERH
EXCHNEE
Porsi
Alzed Goess
SEEr ie de Cecriuta
OZR.
HARL CHET
FOR DIETNNT ION EF
Co DS
AFFEL TEY LEME
ARCE TRAD JEEM
TU SAER OP eN
MAES
@z?»
D1D//|
{TRA!
IDEE Ełęł
REO ARAY
CAHE POS17on
DOwSIÖ!
DOUIE
! In 'Ae soer ery
0272 DERA
COMPLEY OF SORTS
UNDER ENGLISH
CHANNEL
• MASA SOME RESOENM
TAT AT M PONT H TINE
AUEENE
WHINE
RESAINCL
Posom
PINi
WIteTE
Сіки
RED
SILVER
NauUK
SCHTE
SLIER
CLEY
ORÁNER
PERSONS A
GREY
SILUER
Grein
© CODE
# RESIDEACE
OFFICE
IDISY
PRIOL
Yeua
GESY
SILVER
b H9 T%
Listot
CROP CIRELE CARA
YELLOW
CreREN|
B2044
CZANEE
pratape
LALITE
DIAN0
ZIMAERIU
YELCA
CREU
BLUR
MAUVE
ORANGE
FOR MAP DOWSING
T-05 28/2/06
- 05:20 100 14:00
SA 07-19
02~0
5U 67-60
- 15-09
PROIECT Y

===== PAGE 93 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 283, "method": "ocr", "page": 93, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MARS INCTOSCANU
CRAFT
EN II PIł
nal Palace
nwarks
The Hurmaze
pino nosses
Chapter One
1 Сикора
The Bastion
of Dolphin mesa.
Вала не санно
CNOEL SER
O INAEN TO
MAS SITE WIERA
174 So DA
CATER TAREM II
Te men Bet
AO TONE
Part 2 Chapter 5
·0.00
Go AGTUR
Bf20 19 21ł
14-00 555-714
1500 .

===== PAGE 94 =====
{"alpha_words": 292, "chars": 1621, "method": "ocr", "page": 94, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COPY EF
CORNA
INTRETEs
IN CRATE ARRA
News
ermined to
He studied
ancy at unt-
vorking as a
home city of
he was called
had been in
when he and
ere asked to
vy fhrough a
nown as The
is you what
gh your mind
said.ạẠạẠYou
L about any
as to fall into
vhat you are
The water Ice in an impact crater on Vestitas Borealls, part of the nbrthem Martian plain. The picture was taken by the Mars Express probe
Ring of water ice
on Mars raises
hopes of finding
life on red planet
By Nic Fleming
Science Correspondent
AN IMPIESSIVE giant disc of water ice
eight miles in diameter has been
identified near the Martion north pole.
It sits af the centre of an impact crater on
Vastitas Borealis, a broad plain that covers
much of the red planet's for porther
latitades.
Spectacular images of the phenomenon,
captured by high-resolnion comeras on
board the Man Baprose probe, were
released by the European Space Agency
yesterday,
The ice is present all year tound as the
temperature and almnsphere prossure are
nof high enough to allow it to melt.
One image shows faiut traces of water ice
also visible along the rim and walls of the
craler. ESA scientists low it camol he
frozen carbon dioxide becauso the images
were taken during the late blarlian sammer
by which time all CO, ice has evaported.
The umaamed creter is 24 miles in diameter
and 1-3 miles deep.
The existence of water on Mars raises the
prospeck that he will one day be found on
the planet and boosts plans to soul manned
misstons.
Mars is covered wilb Bood plains and
deep gorges carved out by rivers and
glaciers, however most of the water
vanished billiona of years ago.

===== PAGE 95 =====
{"alpha_words": 484, "chars": 2882, "method": "ocr", "page": 95, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Wednesday, February 2
te Elysium region on Mars, where thick ice within enclosed craters has been left behind from an area of water that was once the size of the North Sea
Discovery of frozen sea means that there
could be life under this Martian landscapt
• ROGER HIGHELD
TENCE EDITOR
INTALISING
evidence
primitive life
might
ist on the diyanim region
Mare has been tound by
trope's Mars Pxpreas Space-
There is abundant evidence
Mars being warm and
i in the past but today i
pears relatively dry. with
ice coafned to the
met's potar caps.
Now the Mars Express nos
and a frozea sea, surviv
2 as biceks of pack ice just
der the surface five degrees
ro: of the Marten equator
the fast discovery of a large
dy of water beyond the
excessive levels of methane in
the same spot. This is "sug-
gestive that methane-belch-
ing bacteria may lurk there.
iccording to Frol Jan-Peter
Maller of University College
London.
However he said that only a
mission to analyse this frozen.
sea could settle the matter
once and for all, mating the
Blysium a prime candidate
landing site to search for pos-
sible extant life on Mars,
Yesterday.
the European
Space
relessed
images from the high resol-
don stereo camera on Mars
Express that abow maft-bike
ground structures - dubbed
plates" - What lock similar
to ce formations near Barthy
the age of the plates is about
five million years. The site.
near the equator, means that
sunlight should have melted
any ice there.
But Prof Maller, John Mar-
ray of the Open University
and colleagues will sugges!,
in a forthcoming issue of
the journal Nonwe, that the
area is protected by a layer
or volcantc ash, pechupe a few
inches thick, that may have
been deposited by a giant
ermotion.
"This is an area where there
ars a lot of river features but
no one bas ever sour a see
before, end certaibly no one
nas ever seen pack ice beforeiạ
said Prof Muller
Dr Merray saidạẠạ¿ạhe fact
surface of Mars since before
life began on Earth, and that
some are probably still there,
means that there is a pos-
sibility that primitive mucro-
organisme stuvive on Mars
today, We have to go there ano
check it outẠi
The water that formed the
sea in the soothern Elysiu
appeara to have originated
beneath the surfacs of Mars.
crupong from a series of trac-
tures. The water collected in
an area about the same size
and depth as the North Sea.
which led to huge messes of
100
This was later covered
i from the te le s
vapour. Then
protected by ash sublim
away.
A team lead by D: VI:
Formisano
believes
ings for methane and
maldehyde in the are
indieative of bie but wit
detatled
stuoy, pos
sources also inchude noi
sub-sudace muoro-orgaa
but
hydrothermal
comet inpacts, alow me:
Pe10860
202
330-2.
reservolts
and
ober
reactions between Pete
bass Itic rock.
The Rodiogs bre d
severed spectator, 0.74
Last week. Masa 1290%
vousual pental of a /
that
resourchert er
22026/4705T 7

===== PAGE 96 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 447, "method": "ocr", "page": 96, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STL0767
FOUNDATION COURSE - SESSION ONE
Introductions - Tutors and Students
Video Presentation and Discussion
craz
70
CAN DEM
EXECTROHOS
Questioning Signs
Which
What
Wi11
Have
When
Where
Perhaps
Really
why
Who
HOW
Can you
Colours
Red
Blue
Pink
White
Green
BLOW
Black
Grey
Yellow
Orange
Cola
Silver
Calendar
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
Sunday
Weekend
Spring
Summer
AUZUaD
Winter
Songs:
What a Wonderful World
Three Blind Mice

===== PAGE 97 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 396, "method": "ocr", "page": 97, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INTERNATIONAL ELECTRONIC COLOUR CODE
BROWN
RED...
ORANGE
YELLOW
GREEN.
BLUE.
VIOLET
GREY..
WHITE.
BLACK
. One
01770
•Three
„Four
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Zero
% Tolerances,
RED....G
GOLD...5
SIYER..10
Eg. 680 ohms is BLUE, GREY, BLACK
12K ohms is BROWN, RED, RED
15K ohms is BROWN, GREEN, ORANGE
10M ohms is BROWN, BLACK, BLUF
IsT Band
2ND Band
• N° ofzeros
Wire
wire
Tolerance Band
Typical Resistor

===== PAGE 98 =====
{"alpha_words": 71, "chars": 442, "method": "ocr", "page": 98, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MO65 SE 72
NUCLERO ANTRA DA AIO SAVE
ADD Unty
FOR DEAD VIRUS
RepO
TOR
AREAS DOUT
SURD PLU fIRUS HAD
ESPRERD
• HUMAN
FORM
F THE BLACH CROSSE
AnVE CoULD =śą
This as hong Platus Pits Aluggs
PIAVED ON
To END PousT
DE MICRATOS
For Dera
MIANS / NOD GREY
DURTO
MUNEM INTO
F70DS!
CONFIRMÃO AL
КAD10 15-00
21/:đ705
POSTAN
2810765
STRI
SIGNAL
= BIRD
FORM
PREASE NITE,
N REMON
TAS SYSTEM IS
SIM MADATES 2P
AINETTE
179 881 91020-135
PINE SEND
SHOWE
PZIV

===== PAGE 99 =====
{"alpha_words": 86, "chars": 474, "method": "ocr", "page": 99, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
9908 ft

NAINA

*

7

Be

eG ane been ae BE?

pod

fie

ne

Pair

2B

Seon

te

Maa

“SLO aoe:

SOAP

MYO wR Io GReay

a

pi afel if && ai

Ce uate See eet. actress

Bh. a al

eel

cmsay ay bie

ei Sass esis

or

eae

a

- Midis,
id ca -

C4305

VOY OPED VPLRO $ 3% oe,

AIF T09F =

af

tbe  Blore Sayary
alt Uti)
if '

sj nai at, al

TOO Fy ade

Sell eSaues 2 gf
MARA PEG A) Wie OFS Crary 5 7)

‘

ADL ID “

“COTY thy LY & Lf

Wis
‘een

Erase ncn erases

BONEN Popa ;

ve

===== PAGE 100 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 384, "method": "ocr", "page": 100, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ee

cf

Sr fetes 0G

cerns ngcin nH

af
a
watt

e

wo peeves”
Eoeae7 fitgnE LIFHr y.

cate
if

COSPEE

; hubs

: BEAD > ;

eee,
el _.

eT a
" My,

Lb SEED LD # \
soft of ee ‘
wef tPA - jie

pat Cbsi BIE

YR PRS wy ra A g |

e fe contegen © Cie bee
xy ggg + tug i,
rg at bot gpl feel gee ars | :
v ‘ babies Fi ‘eg ah ay ch ASP a ad FF i

pIesd ) vA piace = sGdese8a®
fists + AER TEEE

===== PAGE 101 =====
{"alpha_words": 113, "chars": 651, "method": "ocr", "page": 101, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ripag :

“ae

of ivf

f

Saal
7

MEISE Napa
yet im,

gia:

eee

sore”
an ene EE

reeatetrntennnciane nan dey wif ere

paereenes entutunanent MSO R MUL Eee ate

Ms “SES EESE ETH tera eesrtnemastinsasas rg EE
. ., RT bec es m2 "
. | . ~ eg 7 Naren ste a, Pine

; Sanhnneiedie ee
Vaan teraz bat pe RA Maange,

ao baa
' aS Serer cctraatye, HREM tenement

BMY wer, >

ar
ia

“Tl Ei ELE af

nn
|
|

H

titi!
aN

if

mrad

Vara
Be
ding
z Bat
“ig?
; +
‘t
Ma,
ye
“ay,
“at

ap cet I,

Sty
a a

ra Ma

*%

ee eG car ar trate |

Wee Merteerie “nda aE ony Pg Rte te tattt ante tnt ; . ws :
PAs NCE ae ETE é F fae f * f. ieee pear tte nmr an £ofE id : ef} 4 #
. ~

===== PAGE 102 =====
{"alpha_words": 55, "chars": 387, "method": "ocr", "page": 102, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SITE
FO HOME Y RARM
4 CREW
23,652,007/đ HMSîŚ
SHIP & 75 IN DIA
HOHT DE LIFR FORM C26"-3'
HUMAN TYPE FOCHAY
NET REBÉTIC / NE CLOTHNE
SITE
3001
PRUFAIT
SPREA -
SPRO (© 15)-FM PER SELD
с 160 TON 155
DE DISTANCE
Late corr
00 5p 11 1/18
/ 23652,008
¡ Not
IHKAC
C)300
ARRI
LEVITATION
DALe SIA
SIALCON
PYRO ELRITER CRYSTAD
CRAFT CRYSTA
OFANCRE = FUÉ
Doine eset
100
DIE
ANONE ARD
AN D DET!
PANT

===== PAGE 103 =====
{"alpha_words": 711, "chars": 4414, "method": "ocr", "page": 103, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CHURES
BUiLT
LEY AN AD
NAUS
NEWS
FORT
BUTKI
HANGE SITR
WOOD
B - BRONZR
I= IRON
MONDAY, AUCUST 21,2006 | THE DAILY TELEGRAPH
5 = SILVER SIGNAL
www.telegraph.co.uk/news
HEY BE COINS
TOTTERął
Drought reveals the lost footprints of history
Parched felds
give up Roman
and medieval
secrets, reports
Nic Heming
area show that British tribes
maintained ascects of their
ways of life during the Roman
period.
A good example of the
›pposite parching effect was
how up near the village of
Burgh by Sands, in Cumbria,
where the walls of a 13th cen:
ury manor house showed ur
learly next to a now invisible
WEILE the summer drought
has left fields and gardens
parched, it nas opened up
across the country.
Photographs
taken from
light aircraft have revealed
undreds of unknown or long
orgotten sites. Archaeologists
now face a busy autumn.
derpreting images that wil
elp shed light on how people
ived up to 6,000 years ago
Dr Toby Driver, of the Roya
Commission on the Ancient
und Historical Monuments of
The outine or 2 as2
Wales, said:ạIt has been a
section of Hadaian's Well.
What may be a lost medie-
val village was discovered as
crop marks, with field plots
and a central road, near si
Donat's, in the Vale of Gla-
morgan.
Scores of Bronze Age round
barrows, or burial sites, have
20/070 172100 170101711
ome impressive examples a
St Donat's, Local archaeolo-
gists speculate that they could
e the graves of Beaker pe
pie -
THES PAO HERS
who settled in Britain around
2,500BC and who wore stone
wrist guards to protect thei
rms from their bowstrings
Three early medieval rare
square
barrow
cemeteries
have been discovered close to
Caemarion and Bangor, in
Gwynedd, and near Coren.
Denbighshire.
Small Roman forts have
been fond guarding strategic
near Llanerfyl,
northern Powys, and near
Bala, Gwynedd,
Parts of the Roman town
and military base of Corstopi-
um, near Corbridge, North
umberland, have been showr
up with clarity not seen in
dècades. as were the remains
of a nearby mausoleum out-
side the town boundaries
Discoveries have also been
"I now have months of work
to go through the discoveries.
noffying local archaeologists
and ensuring that some of the
most remarkable sites are
isited on the ground and
tudied further.
Among the most significant
mds are two 6,000-vear-ok
Teolitbic causewayer
enclo-
sures near Walton, Radnor-
shire, and near St Athan air-
field.
the
Vale
of
Clamargen, kought to be
They
among the first large commu-
nel monuments built by pre-
ustone orions and
probably usad for markets
estivals and feasting.
Faint rectangular marking
in a feld near the Cana. Barn.
Neolithic henge, at Hutton
Moor. North Varls, were die-
covered last month.
They are believed to be the
remains of a rare 5.000 year-
old cursus, a narrow rectan-
alar
earthwork enclosure
rom the Neolithic period pre-
rumed to have had a ceremo-
nial function.
Another strikirig image is of
the outline of a lost médieval
ohurch with semi-cimular
Brans Ase round borrous ara rotteled at St Donet's. Vale of Glamoran
from the 11th or 191h centr
nolory during the two World
ries:
Vars allowed the RAF to pho-
This year marks the 100th tograph almost all of the
enniversary of aerial archee-
country as part of its
ology in Britain. A picture
2016551
survey
taken by Lt Philo
Henry in 1946.
'of the Royal Engi
Sharpe, alloon secten, over
Very
dry sum
neers'
mers,
Stonehenge in 1906 showed
which occur on
average once a dec
clearly how even slight earth-
works could be picked out
and more easily understood
Mediarel ditches under a field of sugar beet in Shropshire
previously unknown details
about the internal fxtures of%
the
struchure
of ancient barrows or hill forta
photographed at Claverley:
ecause
extra water
near Bridgenorth, Shropshire,
revealed.
have been
Dave Cowiey, of the Roya
nutrients are found showed up parallel ditches in
there. Conversely,
a field of
sugar beet. They
and Historical Monuments o
walls or
probably surrounded a late
Scodand, said: ẠỊExcavations
raised stone areas prehistoric settlement.
while important. are slov
that were part of Homan
roads
can
A similar example is the expensive and look at a tirit.
appearonce of dark Hase
proportion of a site. Aeri
deprive plents of nutri-
owinz the site of a newt
chaeolcay
ents and show up as yellow
discovered Iron Age or Roman
allows
werview of the whole groun
petches on greener
back- perted farmstead at Green-
plan, which can also teach u.

===== PAGE 104 =====
{"alpha_words": 443, "chars": 2779, "method": "ocr", "page": 104, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE DAILY TELEORAPH
WHAT MAKES NENS?
Richard Spencer
talegraph.co.utt/blogs
The death star
Scientists observe cataclysmic creation of a supernova for the first time
By Roger Highfeld
wavelengths of light. X-rays
Science Editor
vere seen to fade lo ultravio-
let then to the optical range.
FOR the first time a star has
Two days after the initial
been observed in real time as
explosion,
the
star had
it dies and becomes a super-
become a classio su pemova, a
nova - an immensely power-
glowing cloud of ge's powered
radioactive
ful explosion.
ebris.
The cataclysmic supernova.
brielly outshining the Milky
Prof Keith Mason, Britain's
lead - invesngator
for the
ultraviolet/optical telescope
›n Swift, said: "Us hally these
events are not detécted until
after
the
supernova
has
brightened substantially in
the optical wavelergth, many
ays after the explosior
in this occasion we wer
ovae have been observed
many
times but scientist
able to study the remarkable
have never before seen one of
event in all its glosy from the
the explosions how ening
very beginning?
will
now
have
an
Death threes of a star been, arrowed, as a superore is bom
Andrew Levan, of Hertford-
unprecedented view of
shire University, sa d: *As well
supernova from start to finish
the gamma rays faded away, angle. This off-angle glance
across
wavelengths,
the massive star exploded.
has given us an entirely new
as studying the eirly evolu-
ton of the sunemova for the
approach
studving star first time, these oliservations
show how the material ejected
the whole sequence.
telescopes are in the explosion evelves in the
team
member,
Paul designed to cover gamma-ray,
following days and weeks.
/Brien, from Leicester Uni
X-ray, ultraviolet and optical
highficld@telegrap..co.w
ersity, saidẠồThe results sug
est that a broad jet expanded
into the surroundings but it
was accompanied by a slower-
detected - another first. In a
ew hundred years the super
ova mav resemble the wisp
mants of Cassiopel:
• event. described to
in the joural Nature, began
on Feb 18 with a gamma ray
burst (CRB), an unimaginably
powertul
outpouring
gamma or X-rays. Astrono-
mers realised that it was an
musual event because it was
25 times closer and 100 times
ing star. This is the first time
h an extraordinary eve
is been seen from a CRT
the star's explosive power
s equivalent to 100.000.000
longe than t, called GRB
burst.,
060218 after the date it was
discovered, lasted almost 40
minutes. rather than the more
second to tens of seconds.
long
bust the tim of a jer
sion director at Penn: State
University, Pennsylvania, said:
high-enere so mad star ford
"There
still
unknowns.
s. This could be y
its core and sent out a warn-
ing within minutes
mala a which me new
15
WORLD NEWS
ernova could resemble in a few hundred years

===== PAGE 105 =====
{"alpha_words": 823, "chars": 4470, "method": "ocr", "page": 105, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 35
To remind readers, that if you were to travel from a distant part of the universe and that in the mode of travel you
earthly time.
That one can do this also means that there has to be a very fine line in science where the present turns into the
past. For the dowsed information this has been stated as .25 of one second, to cross that point you would come
from the present.
This would also explain how ghosts and other such objects are able to carry out their form, but it is also the
means that another life form can cloak themselves out side of our view and our ability to measure that form with
the methods we use to detect such objects . But dowsing can pick these things up as dowsing can measure
The human form has a brain split into two, some have a third section, the EYE it seems that the human is living
on the thin line that splits the present from the past so that the brain is in the present and works on numbers and
sorts matters which involve daily requirements and the mind works on colour based on the 12 colours prior to
human, plus the two extra Pink and Bronze. and the mind being a separate working computer, never closes
down, and is always updating, this mind is over the this measure of the present and just inside the past, that being
able to measure matters in past and future, and to allow contact and be contacted by any objects that are within
Some among us have stated that they have sutfered happenings, but do not know how, this could be explained
by the fact that the mind is linked into another object over the line in the past which freezes the brains
understanding of its situation and that person could be time jumped without knowing, say up to a year, in our
time during the short night hours, under go tests, even be bread with and return, to wake up the following
morning, not knowing how they got into a certain medical state or have mind recollections of events with out
knowing how they took part, this could also be classed a night dreams, or something along those lines but could
also explain how the human form could be fused to another by static in the line, those with the eye may also be
I am also looking at the common camera which in most cases has a stop down to .25 of a second, on that thin
line and I am wondering if as has happened to persons that they have upon taking photographs, obtained images
that were not in the eyes view and in fact may have captured a exposure over the time line by chance.
circumstances concern themselves with the photograph of what they see, and those who dowse may not have
twigged that there may be some relationship between time and the image, that, if you can invite a guest or
object within that other zone to be present at a certain time, our time at the line of .25, then the camera might be
able to be set to be slower than the . 25 and pick up the image which is in the other dimension, within our time.
Hubble has just sent back pictures of a star that has exploded and this took place 8000 years ago, 10,000 light
years from earth, it took up to 1674 for the light image to reach earth and that this image has been measured by
colour codes, ie, Green for Oxygen, Red for Sulphur and Red and Green for Nitrogen and Hydrogen, the lens
can jump time!. But ‚ the lens may also be able to pick up things that were around then that are cloaked today!.
We should also take stock that the speed of the explosion is stated to be 50,000 Millien KEMS per hour; this
speed would not allow you to see the event in normal circumstances as it might appear as a blur but the distance
seems to counter that blur . It has also been stated that the result of the explosion may leave a Neutron star or
speeds would and should point to a method of travel and this feel is the reason for the Swiss tunnel set up to try
and capture these particles, which if added to other matter may allow speeds so great that you could go through
this science, then by speed that jumps time, they could travel back and forth in time to the very star that has
blown up, knowing the future, but residing within their past, the very thing that is no doubt going on earth in
respect to the visitors we know are around but cannot see. Such speeds would allow travel to the Moon in three
goods on a Martian store area near the well known face; which has know doubt been so designed to obtain our
attention and as I have already stated so many times within the prior 34 parts, that you cannot communicate with

===== PAGE 106 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 311, "method": "ocr", "page": 106, "variant": "plain-vision"}
brains this life form gave you to make contact on the 12 colour coding system based on the Atlantic code from
which all written forms are based.
- CODA
75,4.3.75 = 36 F+6=7 RED, YELLEN, ORANG
~ 9УSх4·3Х7×5 = З0240 = 9 (BLUE АНТ , Z2СW
SELF
INSTrEL TO DETELS AATTEN
A CUNT LAn
PRESENT)
Sarao
Hey Doing?.
PRESUYT

===== PAGE 107 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2392, "method": "ocr", "page": 107, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TANIS CODE
< >
PAST TIMA
DESENT TEMP
ChO SEE AlL LAL
CAN DE MIXEO WITHI
THE CAP BETUBEN (-25) PRESENŁł
Al PAST 26 5o See 775îŚł
PAST, AND CAN BE LINES
TO ATHER FERNS INITED AR
SEES
1385%%
A PERTIN
ГоДн
COMARO IN FAR FINAął
Yes Lo B
HESE PHONES CAN DE REMOVES.
By pot trades! & Coes !
SHES
7H0 TO
FUTURA
TINK
INOULO IVET
SEE THE NEXT DAY
7 DA MATE A T I THEN
SUSA LY THE ADUANCE OF TIME.
THEN
CORS BLANA. AFTER THE 21447 HAS
PRESCO .
THE SALLO OF THE CANET
SO THE
FORM CAr
OFF 1361)
73P5 5 2
527A ARE MEA
7et00 gr
T POSE AT 77 TIME
ATTA P BHA
PAST PHOENT A foren
ANTHUs PROTECTION ił
MIND CAN BE CONTERM
'Shadow' sheds light
on schizophrenia
ТУ 15 TO вам , ВАС
By Roger Highfield
Nature. She felt that a man
Science Editor:
was standing behind her, said
Prof Blanke
A SHADOW person began to
haunt the mind of a woman
when
doctors:
clectrically
stimulated her brain in an
experment that provides new
insights into schizophrenia.
Sufferers often hear voices
or believe other people can
read their mind and control
Then thoughts, out doctors,
were surprised to find a site in
the brain that, when stimu-
ated, gave the 22-year-old
woman the sensation that she
had a male shadow that mim-
cked her every movement, y
The symptoms of schizo
phrenia can include the sen-
sation that one's own actions
are being performed by some-
one else, said Prof Olaf Blanke
of the Swiss Federal Institute
of Technology in Lausanne r
The shadow person was
conjured up when an area of
the woman's brain, called the
He did not speak or move
and his position was identical
to hers.
Ạ¿He is behind me,
notice limy she saidut I do
she said.
At one point she was asked
to lean forward and clasp her
knees. This led to a sensation
that the shadow ngure was
embracing her, which she
described as unpleasant.
When she was seated and
the temporoparietal junction
was stimulated as she read
from a card she complained
that her shadow was trying to
interfere. "He wants to take
the card, he doesn't want me
to read;" she said.
Prof Blanke said: "We con-
clude that the patient was
experiencme.
an
abnormal
perception of her own body.
"Yet she did not recognize
that person was an illusion of
her own body, like many
deluded
schizophrenic
which
tabout an inch
behind and above the left ear,
was electrically stimulated, he
reports today
patients."
Schizophrenia is a mental
disorder that affects about one
per cent of people.

===== PAGE 108 =====
{"alpha_words": 199, "chars": 1172, "method": "ocr", "page": 108, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RESni FeR THE ErERO CIRELNO
PRIER TO RETORI. EAC OUTER POD ¡AS TI
DE RECHARORO MD MAUTE ENERLZ.
THI, 5 GF A THA NEY DREH DONG
AFTER FIRST SîšŚ
THE CHAGA OVER
IS dESTINT TE StEUND, S 22,
5 DENN
Se you CAN DELSi
THE COMPT TO SEE
Bes 098700Y
PDS You SitariA FINs esi
Emes Sarisen. You MAy ReguRe
TE DEBIEK SIGNAL
GOE AS FM
ERUIR /EnN SULA THNE, BUis
AGAThO LUL NT BY PHE CROTT
BA m it3 InTRae /2spE StemrE
DuInr on ARTEs). Et yer
DousA THRH.
TRy EE BOuSe
YoU Aro Tns PEst mo Bai Ser o
As sare feen, Ate dus sar
DD AA AF H52 HE OK
Te Th Wezy
+ 75 67
W DOUS
CENES
IT UtU PAEL LINE R
F FLen Ara Roro n Cit.
DOE DE INIALRE.
771-7
SERENER SELTEN AS NET
F21060
APL SUtrAT SYSTEM
Atos
o er 25
o corr .
Et you weri to Dosi TeE RaTuRe
PF HOO TAKE
392 Hep 602
FAK .
PAS SYSTEM is AAUmD OR
MEAN DF ONDERMNDNE.
THE drEaMTe
TARE FAMEn
TiMis AcH Yum.
ERCIY
DA/MCTIER
Ae 152 1ęŚśŚ
Eridy Frens As
2120/1020
wests +71929323
m 225łął
J31 ON9ęłś
WYE Mve3n
AMORZ
WAHRES.
OF TR CALE
21195
VINTLS
→ ismaizz
hinein
623⅗
5H38
D
OUT ON 9/3ł
EN 13/2
RT 2i5 NC
selt
{zee₺
GRAFT
LEFT
18:80 Hous 1814/O2
ON RETURN
CODR 13,7,12, 9,4,6
ON RaTURA
COOn 13,7,12,8,43
STYS on NeW.
CRAFT
NEST CRT o lot"
RETURN

===== PAGE 109 =====
{"alpha_words": 138, "chars": 860, "method": "ocr", "page": 109, "variant": "plain-vision"}
166
THE MYSTERY OF ATLANTIS
cial caverns of France and Spain look like writing but may be
intriguing thought though hardly in accord with generally accepted
theory about the origin of writing. (The Azilian culture, one re-
calls, was thought by Spence to be the third great migration from
Atlantis at the time of the final sinking.)
whether the signs are decorations or notations.
Egyptian hieroglyphs, a form of picture writing that evolved
into a combination of pictures and syllables is perhaps the oldest
form of developed writing that we have examples of. This writing
was considered by the Egyptians to have been the language of the
gods, a belief frequently interpreted by Atlantologists that the
"gods' were the people from the Western Ocean who brought
civilization to Egypt.
THE ABOSE ARA ACAN IL LETTER FOL THEiR
MUTE 777
ON CRAFT 1D GOR ON 175 44E

===== PAGE 110 =====
{"alpha_words": 103, "chars": 526, "method": "ocr", "page": 110, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ATLANTIC CODE

coc ceta gh veces cette Hote warty cea feccecetanes orm ctanam ne ccna ent Pe eget es engine nema Bracers 0 Piacente adicaen eae nt we meer tc ates eects rie tent fare ae are Bee a sre cence aegbines a afar Lee GF
? i
: i
. i
5 on
i

od,

Spied CFE he CU ORS a sence et i ney ety en tiated
OF ae 7

ee

. WTBPS . . f i x ‘oe? # 4

— OOR

win PT ewe OO

ET ae

~7eee an | Ate ph PO
- a Mow OF THE Coin wow f/f Met” yy
Go ach Te FT Sos can Ber
a See mie apts py SLVLUTIAR Vs OT aw rr:
CRI AD Oe CIE OES bend CDE,

===== PAGE 111 =====
{"alpha_words": 950, "chars": 5949, "method": "ocr", "page": 111, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONVERTS
nS [CITLMNOFSUrX<
TAR BLIEN CODE 16 LETTERIiI3"
THE DAILY TELEGRAPH
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 2006
Lenda
→ A BEG IILMNORSUVXY
9 3
S0 WAYS TO IRRITATE EVERYONE
Philip Norman ists the
annoyances of modern fife
MOST ANCIENT STA NAME CAN BR
85 05503
Der FE OUT THESE 16 LETTER .
BY THE SS
NEWSI
SER ER JANSELE, IN OTHER WORDS THA I6 ERTEN WERE ADDR BY 1O NUMBER CODES
TO CREATE 26 LETTERS LIT. 10 REPA
Rubble reveals 3,000-year-old poetry
TER БАня
(- it TINA 1 VE 133
by Roger Hightfeld
How to read the signs
8
A BLOCK of stone inscribed
with patterned images sug
estve of rhyming couplels is
ailed today as the oldest
known example of writing in
the New World.
The
stone was found in a
ile of debrs used for road
uilding in Verteruz, Mexico
near the former capital of the
Olmec civilisation.
It bears inscriptions that
date back some three millen
nia. close to the age of the
enrtiest Egyptan and to cune
form developed in ancient
Mesopotamia.
That makes the inscriptions
around 400 years older than
previous finds in the Meso
america region, which cias
from contral Mexico to, the
northwestern Costa Rica.
Several paired sequences of
10ns have ten regesrehere d
¡chieve the fest contain
ic couplets, which wouk
cohe liest known exam;
les of this form of expression
080m on 107 11 0202770100
THE Cascajal block has 28 distinct.
symbols. The reading order is more difficult
to establish, though most Mesoamerican
scripts read left to right.
The paired sets of eyes in signs 31 and 32
suggest the facial markings seen on some.
Olme: objects. Several paired sequences,
such as the eyes or a throne sign paired
with an evident met sion, both common
tropes for rulership, point to poetic
couplets.
Signs 4, 40, and 3 show a preoccupation
with maize, which fuelled the soclety and
was celebrated with a god of fertility. Sign 9
fay be a skinasign 6, a strung bead or
plaque; sign 12, a dart tip; sign 58, an
object shown grasped in Olmec
iconography: sign 11, a bivalve; sign 56, a
possible perforator, Used in ritual
bloodletting; and sign 13, a vertical fish.
Three signs appear four times, six appea
А Кон Ло
three, 12 occur twice, and seven occur
ОКІСАТКи
Винтан STELA
FORMED THEIR OWN
once.
38.39
45 6 248
indes todav un the mourna
Science that the slab of the
ineral serpi
nitine d
marned
he Cascajal baa
dates to
the early first millennium BC.
The inscriptions suggest sur-
(ATTRO TO ID PANeLI
JOST A We Do TOOM
prising complexity in a culture
that may have laid the foun
dation for the Mavan and
45100
that were
encountered by the Spanish a
millennium and a hall later.
NO DOUBT
реін она от 3
AIRSAL
билося тезки,
How
says ProP Step den Houston, of
Browni
rown. University, Rhode
Rhode
a The rubber people
THE Olmec civilisation appeared on the Gulf of
Mexico around 1200 BC and flounshed thanks
to rich soils and high rainfall. The name
Olmed" means "rubber people in Nahuatt,
the lanquage of the later Aztec people, and
refers to how they extracted latex from
Castilla elastica, a type of rubber tree. The
latex was used to make balls for a ritual game
in which the losers could be sacrificed.
Explorers, who studied ruins during
the first half of the 20th century.
applied the name "Olmec" to arti
from this area before it was
understood that these had
been abandoned 1,000 years
before the time of the people
the Aztecs knew as the
"Olmed The fourine left is.
thought to be the oldest image of
the heart.
whole
Snew
dimension to
One side of the Cascajal bleek which has excited ret
Tried sociati
It's a tantalising discovery
I think it could be the begin-
ship - a poetic couplet of a tions of writing". The alyphs destroved area in the commu-
sign for an Olmeo throne, and
- or shapes given a symbol -
nity of Lomas de Tacamichapa
lock and its text to the San opens up the possibility of the signs represent twe scripe.
mune of a new era of focus on
Olmec civilisation. If we can
nother for a mat are sugges
include
maize, molluses,
"in the lata 090s. The archae-
100 BC. Phais approximately accounting,
" says Prof
But there is controversy ove
the block's dating. with some
decode their content, these
ve of later. Aztec and other
insects and flowers and have
earliest voices of Mesoameri-
tropes for ruleiạỊạhe says.
similartes to other imagery
ologists Carmen Rodriguez
Ponciaro
400 years before writing was
scholars complaining that the
Ortiz, lead
thoucht to have first appeared knotted
However, unlike Khipu stefacts were found out of
strings
can civilisation will speak to
the block weighs about used by the Olmecs, who
authors of the article, were the
in the Western hemisphere.
used
by the Inca
us today.
26lb and is 14ins long Sins
were sophisticated enough to
first to recognise the impor
Five sides on the block are
record keeping bys camerican
and Sister
The eniematic inscriotion
But to make sense of it, the
wide and 5 ins thick.
create colossal statues of tance of the find and register
convex. while the remaining
inscriptions, we do not see seems
unrelated to later
researchers need a Rosetta
Because of is distinct ele
heads up to Sft tall.
There
it with the rational institute of
surface containing the text
clear evidence of numbers
tone to give a clue to the ments, patterns of sequenc
also
anthropology and history.
contents, be says. The inscrip-
no. and consistent readins
abstract sumbols, with one
Surrounding the piece were
team believes the block has
surfaces contave; hence the or quantif cattexciting discov-
scripts and is unlikely to
resolve the heated débate
over whether the Olmee were
order. suggestive of syntax
looking like an aeroplane. 190 ceramic shards, clay figurine
been carved repeatedly.
ryiại says the anthropologist
the dominant culture of their
a poet for Olmec royalty.
and language dependent un
Road builders discovere
fragments, and broken arie-
The erasable nature of the Mary Pohl of Florida State Uni
time or one of many societies
hate of meand tans whinb blank sundpete a rarned that

===== PAGE 112 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2080, "method": "ocr", "page": 112, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 36 = 9 THE MIND COMPUTER CODE
big questions of humanity.
art work, being the start of the use of colour.
computed from the colour codes in strict number to colour.
earlier in Egypt and Greece, in a less complicated form.
known as the Atlantis code.
The tablet found in Mexico area originating from the Rubber people is a form of the 16 letters, each letter being
in a group as also the 16 stone letters of Mas d Azil in France.
This was discovered by chance as having broken the codes of colour, that each colour code when multiplied
each number with its self and then added up to the smallest number should come to an end. 9. But for some
reason none of the totals in this case would end in 9, so we asked the question, is this a mind code!, NO a brai
code so this form was created after the mind had been formed to work on colour, so writing is a brain function
as is numbers and computations will not come back to 9, only mind code stored information will end in a 9 and
purple is a 1 ect.
To also point out how the mind works with its colour computer codes to re create silicon code and copied from a
7x5x3x.12x6x4 =30240 ending in 9 but in the case of the Mexico words, each total came to a 6 or a 3 or 4.
letters. The 16 letters are as follows A $EC C IT L M NO P
OUR LETTEM
A BEG IT L HWORSUV X
And it is also strange that you can spell with those 16 letters most of the very early star signs and planets from
the star charts, only when the 10 numbers were added into the 16 letters to create a 26 letter alphabet later star
sign names are spelt from the 26 letters, and as we know the Romans killed of the Druid form, destroyed their
forms to assist their own requirements, but being freed along the road by the creating force to our own ends as
AWs29 0 123 4 5 6 7 59 16
also the codes of colour in strict power order.
J BLUE
ORANGE
ATLANTIS COMMUTER CODE |-/ 11=A V XL 11)
DE AND L62O12
GREEN
7 WHITE
Ниті Вір
& BROWN
162128
RED
46 BLACK
117=8 HOLY COOR
$ GOLD
1E SILVER
56 UMA PINK AND DRONZE ARD THE TUMAN ADDITIONS
• Те влучи вто
ITHD
FEMAIN
= 210HT 10
VEERY 12

===== PAGE 113 =====
{"alpha_words": 764, "chars": 4190, "method": "ocr", "page": 113, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 37
DARK ENERGY
SUMMING UP
From my stand point starting some three years ago, then keeping an open mind, having never been involved with
dowsing, but being curious by nature and observing a dowser at work and his use of the Mager disk, from that
point everything has been on a learning pattern in a gradual step by step progression, and that this progression
of observations would not be possible without the pre knowledge gained prior that in the end all doors seemed to
be open with a clear message that colour is a tool of our creation and we are not using it to advance as we
and personal positions.
Over the thousands of years as mankind has expanded on the pre set programme institutions have been set up to
hide matters which have become set, in some ways more dangerous to mankind than the secrets they are created
to mask, such has become what we in the west call a way of life, one example is the web site for Majestic 12-and
the Majie project.
Why 12?.
We have been provided with the most advanced self repairing organic equipment any person could ever hope to
invent, It is able to see in total to the past and future, to read every area of land in the present on top below to the
within the mind and you have entry to the total programme to all things, or, you can be at lower levels to certain
limited ability, but as this seems to be by far the greater number and it is becoming clearer that the % is having
an adverse effect on the minority.
To give an example. The last photographs of Mars showed an ice field. By use of the system a ley line was
indeed water detected on code blue, but also radiation and above all masses of iridium and a tell tail that a
nuclear device had exploded as the code of signal is the same as the two cities in Japan and where these devices
have been tested on earth, also from other photographs it is also showing human burial sites and most of the
So others have also picked up on this and when such observations are pointed out to others, they also pick up on
these findings, which means that modern man was at one time on Mars may have blown himself to bits ,or from
my observations that the creating form by use of our magnetic energy had reduced to fields down to dangerous
starting to happen here.
Therefore by the code 42., one should be able to ask all the questions and find ways around the problems and it
should also be taken into consideration that the form itself from its own creations had problems by some of its
other creations being mall functions in so far that they cause problems and counter production this is seen as
time and space by all these forms such creations clone our like and create massive problems within the nations
that are trying to progress on basic 42 instruction, some brilliant examples are Hitler and his creations in so far
that he must have known about the 16 letters and the magnetic fields as he used the SS exact letters but their
scientists produced masses of experiments which seem to go along the lines of the observations in the first 36
parts, that all those efforts were a miss use of the creators instructions, this poison also spread to the far east and
into that cold part of Europe. Having dished out the codes of correction we now seem to be going along the
same road in the far and middle east that a perversion of poison by knowingly miss interpretation of the creators
words of instruction and the same sorry end of events will again show forth as you cannot ever win against a
force that has 17 million years of advanced knowledge, after all if we all carried on like the Rubber people the
place behind themselves as they become more advanced or die to those who have advanced which is that which
We cannot in the space age have time warped dictates of retrograde mentality as is being seen today where even
those self appointed to the highest offices are being ridiculed to accept or shut up and those around are so in
their self created small worlds that they fear to stand up to the test being put towards them. And the actions that
are required to be taken now
It is by no chance that a certain leaning the other side of the pond has a bunker at 42 levels, is key to the 12

===== PAGE 114 =====
{"alpha_words": 967, "chars": 6064, "method": "ocr", "page": 114, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Humans 'tried and
failed to colonise
Britain seven times'
HUMANS and their ancient
forébears tried
seven times to colonise Brit-
ain over the past 700,000
years before the ancestors of
today's population were finally
established, according to a
The five-year project, The
Ancient Human Occupation
of Britain, funded by the
Leverhulme Trust, Inishes
this month. It reports that sea
level rises and cold climates
intervened to push pioneering
groups of humans out again
and again until our ancestors
were finally established some
12,000 years ago.
ẠạiWhen we began the project
in 2001, Boxgrove, at about
• believed to have the oldest
evidence of human habita-
tion," said Prof Chris Stringer
Britain was at the edge of the
between the popula-
inhabited wodd. It was always
tions represented by
at the edge of human capa-
the evidence from Pake-
bilities and at times people
field, Boxgrove, Swanscombe,
could not survive here.
Pontnewydd,
Kent's Cavem,
ạEarly humans reaching
Paviland, and Gough's Caveiạồi
Britain overcame great chal-
In Paviland, there is ovi-
lenges to survive here at allẠạẠạẠi
dence of a 27,000-year-old
modern human, and in Kent's
"British people of today are
Cavern tantalising evidence of
new arrivals, the products of
a jawbone that suggests mod-
only the last 12,000 vears."
ern humans could have been
He added that Australia, the
in Britain as carly as 35,000
Americas and Africa had a
But an ice sheet covered
record of human occupation.
Britain around 25:000 years
ago, extinguishing these pio-
shared the landscape with
neering groups of modern
megafauna such as elephants,
chinos and hippos, as well as
Because the early colonisa-
carnivores like hyaenas and
tions were not sustained, and
scimitar-toothed cats.
some were by distinct human
ạỊMuch later on, the Nean-
species that became extinct,
derthals and the first modern
notably the Neanderthals, the
British people of today are the
result of the most recent and
Museum, London.
creatures like mammoths,
successtul (for now) colonisa-
"But we now know that peo-
woolly rhinos, reindeer and
tion by modern humans
ple were living in East Anglia
700,000 years agoạẠỊ
What was most striking, Prof
But Prof Stringer, who pub-
Stringer told the association,
lishes a book, Homo Brin-
was thatạthese early colonisa-
nicus, about the project next
month, said the old idea of
continuity of occupation by
various humans had gone.
It was now thought that
unsuccessful"
He said: "Barly Britons had
to cope with extreme chaages
of climate, but at least seven
times they apparently failed to
died out com-
with a gap of up to 100.000
ẠỊThus there was probably
ẠỊWe have to remember fhat no continuity of occupation
12,000 vears or so.
While humans had always
had to cope with changing
climates, we would need to
face up to umprecedented
challenges in the near future;
said Prof Stringer
The oldest finds so far sug-
gested in a study published
recently that eady man first
crossed the Alos to live near
Lowestoft. Suffolk. 700.000
NEWS
Men mated
with chimps
for Im years
THE HUMAN family tree has
been ihrown into disarray by
evidence that the ancestors of
man and chimpanzees kept on
mating with each other for a
million years or more.
. Studies of fossils have
suggested that the ancestors of
humans had started to walk
upright seven million vears ago.
A study released today by
Harvard Medical School and
Massachusetts Institute of
Technology suggests that men
interbred with their ape cousins
until at least 6-3 million years ago,
making the boundaries between
the species fuzzy.
The evolutionary split between.
human and chimpanzee is much
more recent - and more
complicated - than previously
thought, blurring the distiction
between different branches of our
family tree and also explaining
the small difference in ape and
human genetic codes today.
The study, published in the
journal Nahee, shows that the
speciation process was unusual -
possibly involving an initial split
followed by interbreeding before a
final separation.
40,000-year-old
footprint of
first Americans
0151 231 2901
DE ANDER NEWSEN
By Roger Hightield
Science Editor
first colonists might have bee
seafarers who took an "islan
hopping" route from Australi
PLASTIC replica
40,000-year-old, size eight
foot has shattered previous
theories of the identity of the
first humans to walk in the
and Polynesia, when sea level
were lower, to the west coas
said Prof Bennett.
"There was a lot of sea ic
at this time in the norther
Pacific. People could hav
Scientists made the foot
from tracks left on the shore
of an ancient volcanic lake in
central Mexico.
The traditional view is
that the first settlers walked
cross the Bering Strait, from
Russia to Alaskta, at the end of
the last ice age about 11,500
But the discovery of foot-
prints in the
Basin by a British-led team
provides new evidence that
humans settled in the Ameri-
cas as early as 40,000 years
ago, suggesting that there
were several migration waves
at different tines by different
The team, led by Silvia
John Moores University, has
completed dating the foot-
prints, which Ms Gonzalez
come around on the edge c
the sea ice and then down th
western seaboard of Nort
America to Baja Californi
and to Mexico, he said.
The first stage of thei
research, on show this wee
at the Royal Society in Lon
don. analysed 269 footprints
both animal and human.
DNA tests are being con
ducted on the remains
ancient Americans to see i
genetics can help to solv
the puzzle. New Tunding o
£212,000 from the Natura
Environment Research Coun
cil will allow the team to carr;
out more extensive investiga
tions and to calculate th
height, pace and stride of th
human population presen
40.000 years ago.
"The footprints were pre
served as trace fossils ir
volcanic ash along what wa:
quarry with ber Liverpool
colleague Prof David Huddart
and Prof Matthew Bonnett, of
Bournemouth University, in
September 2003. The findings
supported the theory that the
the shoreline of an ancien
volcanic. Jake,"
Gonzalez. They were scannec
using laser technology anc
prototyping technology.

===== PAGE 115 =====
{"alpha_words": 641, "chars": 3989, "method": "ocr", "page": 115, "variant": "plain-vision"}
77R DT 14/9/206Ćąśłć
Gibraltar, the last resort of Neanderthal man
By Roger Micheld
Science Editor
SCIENTISTS have found the
last refuge of the Neander-
thals, revealing how they eked
out an existence for thousands
of years longer than had been
thought, according to research
published today.
The evidence from a cave in
Gibraltar that they were much
more tenacious than previ-
ously believed adds
support for a controversial
claim that this earlier kind of
human may have interbred
with on ancestors
Neanderthals (Homo neon-
dewbalensisi once inhabited a
zone stretching from Asia to
Western Europe from as much
as 300,000 years ago, thriving
on the cold of ice ages in for-
ests where they hunted with
heavy spears.
But as a result of dramatic
climate swings and the retreat
of the forests, they would have
had to bave survived in ever-
smaller groups,
becoming
confined to bolt holes on the
coast of the Mediterranean.
The story bas it that our
ancestors, modern humans,
Evidence from a cove in Gibraltar sungests t
pread out of Africa about
100,000 vears aao with better
lucky group survived extinc-
after the last Neanderthals so
brains and more sophisticated
tion in this part of southern
they were not the cause of
tools. As they entered Nean-
Iberia until ai least 28,000
their extinction." Prof Finlay
stone tools were fist discov-
ered more than 50 vears ago.
Dating
more
recently
layson.
obust and powerful build -
perfect for his Ice Age envi
ronment.
derthal territory, they simply years
ago, perhaps even
son told The Daily Telegraph
out-competed thetr primitive
24,000 years ago.
cousins, driving
them to
They clung on in this out-
early modern humans in the
after the arrival of modern
fascinating unanswered ques-
tions in palaecanthropology.
Did thev
meet? Did they
interbreed? Genetic evidence
suggests that there was little
Neanderthal splashing in the
modern human gene
stilar story is told by the
tools they left behind.
But one of the fascinating
implications of the new find
concerns Lagar Velho child,
ound in Portugal in 1999 by
Prof Joao Zilheo, Portugal's
director of antiquities.
and
Prof Brik Trinkaus, an anthro-
pologist at Washington Uni-
versity. They suggested that
the boy was a nyond between
Neanderthals and modern
The remains of this love
child of different humans had
dated to 29000 vears ago
several millennia
after the
Neanderthals were thought to
have disappeared,
making
that implausible,
But this
ARTOIST
wanie to Honder
hold if the more recent, and
most speculative, new dates
are accepted, raising the issue
i interbreeding.
*Interactions:
roden cod have vaa
said
Prof
Chris Stringer, one of the
team that reports the new
finds
"I still think the evidence
for hybridisation is slight," he
IdedẠiIn Gibraltar the su
estion is that both the Near
humans, around 32,000 years
tar Museum, Gibraltar, and
colleagues challenzes
their last refuge, at the very
this southern tip of the continent.
cal area without a clear out-
picture. They produce dating
"Here, at least, the moders
The new findings come
created at the sance location
within the cave, leaving char-
coal remains, now show just
ow long-lasting
he Nean-
lerthal settlement was
People living there would
have had acress 'o diverse
plants and animas, sandy
lains, woodlands, wetlands
ind coastline - a cich envi
the Neanderthals to persist for
so long.
The animal remains repre-
sented at Gorham's Cave were
brought from the surrounding
skull was
area and butchered inside the
Forbes' Quarry on the military
in packs and - by one analy-
cavolives and other Meditey-
ranean plants
grew
huan, but also had sonne if vocal get that a modern
here
human's that could
There were many animals but
not the cold faura of norther
Europe dominated by rein-
deer, woolly mammoth, and
so on. Those just never goi
shorter than modern man
How they got on with mod-
with a heavy trunk and a em humans is one ofthe most
each other much at all, as the
Neanderthals gradually faded
mgryjold@telegraph.co.uk

===== PAGE 116 =====
{"alpha_words": 991, "chars": 6007, "method": "ocr", "page": 116, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE DAILY TELEORAPH | THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 2006
www.telegrapn.co.uk/news
NEWS
Three years old - give or take three million
Scientists excited by discovery in Ethiopia of earliest near-complete remains of a human child, still with her teeth and tongue bone
By Roger Highfield
Science Editor
THE skeleton of a little girl
who died three million years
300 rold shed new laht or
human evolution, scientists
y toda
'he small bundle of bone
from what is now a desert in
norther Ethiopia has been
nicknamed Selam (peace) by
her discoverers and represents
the most complete ancient
infant of this geological age,
estimated to be about three
years old when she drowned.
The unprecedented discov-
ery opens many new avenues
for efforts to understand the
childhood of our early ances-
tors. Selam's bones suggest
she walked uprisht but may
nave been good at climbing
rees as well.
She had a hyoid or tongue
pone, only found before in
Veanderthals of all othe
mcient humans, a find that
will
trigger
debate.
about
whether she sounded like us
or more like an ape.
The
'bones
found
entombed in a stab of sand-
remote
rt of the pir
desert, by Zeresenay Alem-
seged, an Ethiopian paleoan-
tropologist, and are unveile
day in the journal Natur
*This is something you fad
once in a lifetime,
Zeresunay of the Max Planek
Institute
Evolutionary
Anthropology in Leinzie.
To date, skeletons of infants
is comolete as the Dilisa siri
present only recent mem
ers of the human evolution
ary tree, such as Neanderthals
od modern humans, which
late from hundreds of thou
sands of years ago.
Not a single young chid
vas known from the preced-
ng several million vears by
more than a piece of skull, taiw
or a few teeta.
The Dildka skeleton, dated
to 3-3million years ago by Dr.
Jonathan Wynn, of St Andrews
University, and colleagues, is
the bestỊạipreserved fossil of
her species. Australopithers
afarensis. That is the same
spectes as the superstar fossil
alled Lucy, a 9-2 million-
NATIONAL
GEOGRAPHIC
FOUND Earliest Child
38 milion fear didn
CRITREA
VEMEN.
ETHIOPIA
The remartably preserved skul and other bones found by paleganthropologists seen sifting sediment for more remelns of Setem's ststeton, The bones were found in an ancient river bed in the Diluka desart in Eliosla
year-old adult female discov-
were curved and almost as enduring extreme heat, flash
ribs positioned along a sinu-
more like bipedal chimpan-
ered nearby in 1974.
long as a chimp's.
babies lacked opposable big
floods, maleria, wild beasts
ous spinal column and one
Unlike Lucy, Selam has fin-
finser curled in a tiny grasp.
zees than like us."
toes, that means the little
Selam's brain is estimated
hominin probably had to be
@ Selam's home
gers, a foot and a complete
Where her throat once wa
at 330cc, which is not very dif-
carried, limiting the mother's
The harsh desert of the
torso.
But the most impres
discovery was consistent with
ay a rare example of a hyoid
ferent from that of a similarly
ability to care for herself.
Afar region was much more
sive difference between them
Gebreselessi!, an expedition
is that this baby has a faceạẠạ
he might have depended
verdant and hosoltable
of the evolution of the voice
n the larger group for food
when Selam lived there
says Mr Zeresenay.
and protection, thus strength-
more than three millon
From
the
waist down,
ng on to low branches
dusty slope, as Mr'
of the adult brain size, slow
ening social bonds.
years ago, said Dr Jonathan
Dikika sir! looked like us. One
We humans sill like to do
worked nearby. Not only was
for a chimpanzee but doser to
The work was funded by the
Wynn, who put a date on
of her human-like knees was
it by holding a handrail when
the chid's skull in nerfect
humans.
National Geographic Society
the skeleton.
complete with a kneecap no
climbing the stairs or standing
hape, but tucked beneath ir
ity, said: "This is interesting
At some
point bipedal
he Institute of Human Ori-
The "lush environment"
leger than a pea. The angle
on a bus or suburben train
a hard ball of sandstone wers
ecause it is more like that o
humans lost the opposable
gins, the Leakey Foundation
was surrounded by flowing:
Ther femar from knee to hi?
Ạincy and her tribe may
many upper body bones.
gorillas and chimps and sue-
big toes of chimpanzees and
and the Max Planck Institute.
water, forests, crassland
is dosa to that of a moder
humen,
The cause df death was not
dests that the v
vocalisations
other
apes, which.
baby
Dr Charles Lockwood, of
and open vegetation but
implying she walked
offering hand holds for upright
ident. thoug
the Awash
were loud and forthright"
Jniversity College London
tacienty on to les
walling - trees too small to
man and inor the Snar
with the entire brain cast
was also shaken by
said: ạẠạIš impossible to over
But her upper body. like
yet. tall
and strong
pebbles and sand in a flood
widespread volcaric
ẠỊwe can now examine whether
state the importance of this
eruptions.
ough to provide hand gr
hat possibly tilled ber
It Zeresenay first Tad
Stching away
sandstone
specimen".
The infant was found in
their brains in the uniquely while keeping her baby close.
Prot Peter Brown, of New
sediments that formed the
band of fossil hunters into the
with a denists drill. Ma
human wayẠạ said Prof Fred
But Didka girl's big toe -
England University, called it "e
bottom of a charinel close
lades. Her brain was small
badlands of the Afar depres-
Zeresenay
ver nose flat like a chimpan
don in 1999 but it was only a
hes
gradually
Spoor, a co-author, of Univer-
the first over found in an A.
truly amazing discoveryại
to where the sluggish
revealed her anatomy - a ful
a's, and her face long at
the end of the next year that
set of both mük tooth and
sity College LondonạThis at aforensts fossil ~ is still locked
michfeld@telegranh.co.uk
awash river discharged
e time of bumas evolution
I sendstone.
0102130 /404 7702* 27
they
found
after
unerupted adull teeth, tiny
When they looked a good deel
into a lake.
I it shows that A. afarensis
Editorial Comment: Page 27

===== PAGE 117 =====
{"alpha_words": 494, "chars": 2844, "method": "ocr", "page": 117, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 38
APE TEST
Ethiopia and dated at about three Million years old.
drawn enlargement of a map.
humans and animals, code GOLD, RED, YELLOW, WHITE, BLACK.
silver for male.
Age 2,950,000 years and about 6 years of age
Sad stone code BROWN,ORANGE, RED, YELLOW,
Human based, BUT NO HUMAN BLOOD, ie red, white, purple 9.7.1.
And human dead is for female PINK, WHITE, SILVER, BLACK, YELLOW
Although this form is human based, but not after the infusion, but prior, no volcanic remains in the fossil.
BROWN, WHITE, YELLOW, BLUE. Also calcium, fossil is silver and black 12,10.
No chlorophyll type blood which would have been GREEN GREY SILVER ORANGE PURPLE YELLOW but
Height circa 3 feet, fully at about 5 feet, No tools, skin brown, hair brown, eyes orange brown, all over hair.
New findings, had only limited colour ability, no understanding of colour, but used RED
453600 = 18= mind computer code end total 9.
Left out are the numbers from the later infusion 11, 12.1,4,2 thus 11x12x 1x4x2 1056 = 12 you cannot go to 9
and is a 3 code from the infusion. When you add the total 12 colours together and do the maths you will go back
to an end code of 9.
Code 41 came about 1,375 million years ago and inter breed circa 1,250, million years ago and has been covered
by the code of the siren and the 12 sirens of Glastonbury. From the visits were created 12 major cities and from
those went out small groups who over time cross breed with each other also creating their own symbols of
One most interesting fact that if you take the mind codes of Selam as above value 48 and the infusion codes,
add them all together you will end up with 479001600 remove zeros and add balance up to 27 = 2+7 =9 the
As you may know certain official area use map dowsers, and their minds are working on the mind computer
codes and everything is known from those codes, when a dowser looks for water his mind is in fact on code blue
colour, he can only think and do nothing else.
This find is an ape, and forms part of Darwins statement, but he failed to point out that we had visitors who left
their mark on us all. Dowsers can also work on photographs or photo copies of maps or photographs and those
maps or photographs can be on Mars or anywhere else, no distance limit, but above all the creator of the codes
can by the computer and the telepathic sending of the codes once your mind is fixed to the codes and their maps
and messages can be sent via your mind to draft onto paper here to view. This is also called the De Vinci code,
and links to the code 3 333333333, and the 33 arch the arch being the first letter in the infusion alphabet like a
I also draw your atiention to the Hugh Dowding paper written in 1957 the notes for a two and half hour talk.
Dowding is quite emphatic, that we had visitors, they had speeds in access of 9000 MPH on radar in 1940s and

===== PAGE 118 =====
{"alpha_words": 538, "chars": 2973, "method": "ocr", "page": 118, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 39
LTO
10 11 12
=33
In the notations up to now I have stated that there are areas of change in our forms of light 10, time 11 and
decay at 12
space as follows
DEEM
= 3
10= dark energy
1 being gold, 12 silver (you silver a mirror for reflection )thus
Em On
* 025
PENROSE
behind the mirror, the forms that are within the past in relation to you are seeing you as they are looking at the
future towards you. The camera has a low stop of 025 of one second our time and this is the limit as dowsed
information that would allow the present to see into the past (over exposure) and would explain why on some
As the dark energy advances all over it is turned into light by such as a sun and the light advances and then
reverts to dark again, so we can explain how things in relation to us can be with us but not seen as if the science
is so advanced as to allow space travel at speeds greater than light then you will jump time, as light and time
travel together and might land up in our past time, or future time?, but due to the mirror image of our fixed slot
in time you cannot see either way other than your own time.
It has-been observed that when the craft of our visitors return and arrive at the outer edge of our system that
there is a reflection on entry to the black hole and when the craft enters the black hole the reflection departs and
then the craft will enter its other universe section so although I have explained things by quote of a mirror as we
measure is governed by the speeds in advance of the light speeds.
When Nasas swift satellite recently recorded the star explosion some 10 light years from earth the time event
was in or about year 8000 back, in our time but as all scientific instruments and forms of signals and
observance such as TV Radio, Radar; Phone signals these are all set at our time in light and space so will not
biometric measures to pick up energy signals from the past present and future and that the other forms will
respond as on same systems by the colour codes that allow your mind to measure the dia and para magnetic
signal so you get a magnetic reaction on metal rods or such for a positive or negative reaction thus if you placed
be S000 years prior to the event
STAL
7046
start of Radar things were showing on Radar at speeds in advance of 9000MPH and that in his own words
and O so worried; I would be pleased to shake the hand of something that could answer so many questions and
advance our every need but I feel that those who beneft from fossil profits and high offices on religion that
would undermine the state of complacency that keeps mankind in its present form of frozen time and space.
that to understand there are other dimensions and to jump into those dimensions is not possible and that
WW2 in respect of the information their dowsers were providing, certainly not for tap water, or that the mining
experts are putting on magic shows for their share holders, or the water companies are employing dowsers

===== PAGE 119 =====
{"alpha_words": 561, "chars": 3139, "method": "ocr", "page": 119, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Having read the report of the 26/9 and the scientific experiments taking place in Geneva and seeing that certain
people had concerns I thought I would ask 42 questions as the benefits and dangers of this development.
facts that may not go down well with the firmly mind fixed establishments, but I was most interested to see how
Particles will not go through each other . If they hit each other they will explode on impact and bounce off in any
direction escaping into space again, going through the frame work of the construction and causing possible
So no basic problems except lost matter. The particles are required to be added to the craft to allow it to jump
time and space to gather speeds we can but only dream of. Asking 42 if there were any dangers in this form of
scientific experimentation, YES, dangers to tunnels and structures of tunnels by particles damaging strength and
fabric.
ability of the craft to jump space and time the craft is like a termite mound construction which allows these dark
matter particles to go through the craft without causing damage just as they do through earth, our type of thin
but strong metals will not stand these speeds, the metals must stay within the rock and not be extracted and in
the outer layer is 10% anti matter to allow the craft to act like a mini planet with nil weight as it being ofrock.
sections as Oxyzorus and Zialaminium both, we have found on our Y. site and are unearthly only found on crash
sites.
This now shows what may not go down well, that the main creature is a fly and flies and by use of its self
crests.
The particles would be collected under the craft and bounced in ever speed creating form to jump time and space
• The creature has a mind computer given to us in breeding and this is where our ability to dowse comes from by
the iwo projections, as you know insects have their own world and gene wise are in advance of us in being able
to change themselves to suite changed conditions it seems that apes were taken and a modern form was
produced and 12 main settlements were formed which then went out and breed with forms around towards that
which we have today and ever changing to the task set for us. This form could fly and a small event pointed
CHINE AN
I was also asked to enquire why their alphabet was of 16 letters and why it seems that the early modern people
also had 16 symbols. It was due to the fact that they had 16 letters and they showed in the mind programme just
16 letters which each tribe carried in their own way out into the wider world having been an underground living
form, Some of these underground cities are of major structure on levels and in rocks that had to be melted by
light and lenses also 16 letters is 1+6 =7 a holy white code, this form has control over the craft in section 8 and
the droids as 42s control the rest the droids made in our form to fit in as do the organic forms pinched to be
It is strange that the druids had a method of making a form of very hard stone; called pudding stone in which
placed at the centre of the Celtic /Druid temples perhaps this is a reminder of our past selves making stone craft

===== PAGE 120 =====
{"alpha_words": 591, "chars": 3753, "method": "ocr", "page": 120, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BOUNCING OFF THE CELING AND WALLE
Week three of our photography course lighting
4. balegreph.co.u/digtalhe
SCIENCE
Paul Daries is director
of a new cosmic think
Sank* at Arizona State
University, and author
of The Coldlocks
Eniợma: Why is the
universe jost right for
Me? It la evallable for
E20+21.25p59 from
Telegraph Books on
0870 428 4112
Padd Dories will appea
on Oct 10 At-Bristol
(0845 345 1235)
Oct 11 at the
chettenham Literature
Festivel (01242
227979): Oct 12)
P60720 023820
indon 10207 694
8142), Oct 13 at te
Oxford Playhouse
debate (01865
305300)
A huge plysics experiment may discover why the universe is as it is —or that we are part of a much wider multiverse', says Paul Davies
Looking for the biggest answers
Ibert Einstein is famous for remarking that
what most interested him was whether God
had any choice in the nature of his
I creation. By this, Einstein was asking in
Micharacteristically quaint language whether
the universe could have
been otherwise, or
At the heert of the row lies the deep problem of
le laws of physics: where do they come from an
i do they have the form that they do? These ai
not normall
westons that scientists ask. But thes
dre been thrown into sharp rehef by the work of
o/eroic band of theorists atruggling to merge all
cow laws into a united mathematcal scharr
marhe even a stoale formula compact enough to
war on a T-shirt. A fashionable contender is
sting thoory, which replaces the traditional notion.
of a world built from particles with the claim that
Wife loops of writhing soing can explain
verviting trom electrons to the force of gravity.
Toes a where the loaves some out, some
niverse. What we have all along been calling "the
niverse? is it seems, dothing of the son. father
It but art infairests frament of a vast and
eleborate estem of many universes, or distinct
costic regions, collectely dobbed the
'mitliverseồạ
¡ Crucially, claims Rees, the laws of
probe, Suit not inly universal Other universes
within the multiverse will have different laws.
Thes a universe over there may be expanding
teavier. Thase cosmic-scale variations might be
completely candom. The occasional universe
wonid then fall in the "Goldilocks zone like a.
winner in a cosmic jackoot. and poesess by pure
ans and properties just dght for fife. It
surories that we perceive a
daed to our owo resence,
tously not find ourselves
mated in a binostally sterile privere.
fust idle speculation.
redes in subatomic
sherzy of physical
00 1006
e collisions - so the
artides' behaviour tend to
come shmpler and mesh neaty together. The
es expertmient in history was
Olven these sweetne advances, it isn't
surprising that come scientists are tempted to
foundational eastons: how the universe came to
exist to the feat place, and why its laws are
mathematical in nature. One quesdon above all
has received a lot of attention. Scientists have long
known that the existence of life depends rather
telicately on a number of felicitous coincidences
ne special factors in fundamental physics and
Jamdlosy, Like Baby Bear's porridge in the stor
se seems to be Hust right"
or Wife. The Barish cosmolorist Fred Hoyle
rumed up the enigma with chamoteristic
bithinese: "The und
re ls a put-up job."
Inagine playing God.
ntolyou is a
machine complete with a row of kaobs. Twiddle
His laob and you make all
l electrons a bit heavier:
widdle that knob and you slightly strengthen the
force that binds protons and deutrons in atomic
nudel. According to the standard models of
particle physics and coaology there are thirty-
dantites needed to
deal world. Simple calculations
noddlina with some of the knob
This could emerse in
er all else being
autons, and alame
¡ were a few per
- givine dement.
ice by auclear
Adma into aconunt
rosal - a

===== PAGE 121 =====
{"alpha_words": 704, "chars": 4411, "method": "ocr", "page": 121, "variant": "plain-vision"}
view of the Adss
detector whleh wit
search tor new
discoverias in hesd-on
coltsions of particles
billon years ago, so it tales sense to expect the
universe to have started out vala simple, unmed
lava, Then, as the universe exanded and cooled
so the effective, relatively low-energy "by-laws" we
observe in the lab emarged from the fiery
maelatrom. If there are mony afternative low-
energy laws, as theory suggests, then it is likely
that a sort of cosmic parchivork quilt arose, in
which each patch acquired its distinctive set of
laws. Our universe is buried deep in such a patch.
If all this seems hard to swallow, some parocle
physicists - especially string theorists such as
Nobel prizevinzer David Gross of the University
of Califoinia at Santa Barbara - will beartly agret
win you, whey have stammed the mumverse
explanation of the Goldilocks enigma in scathing
terns, caling it stoppy science and quasi-religious
mumbo-jumbo, The holy grail of particle physics
is to produce a final theory of everything, and thi
dream is that this theory to-end-all-theories will
leave nothing to chance. It will nail cown
completely every sapect of physical law all particle
masses, the strengb of every torce, the details of
the Big Bang - each will be precisely determined
in a welter of breathtaking mathematics
According to this ambitious vision, God would
have no choice in the matter (to paraparase
Einstein, because the laws of physics would be
uniquely specified by the theory, with no lassitude
to vary from one univecse to the next. The fact that
this unique set of laws just happens to permit life
would be shrugged aside as an incidental quirk of
no signincance.
The multiverse propcnents have hit back, in
furn accusing the string theorista of promissors
hiumpbaliam. So far, string theory or for that
matter any other contender for a final theory of
everything, has yet to predict correctly a aingle
pactide mass or force strength. Some cynics have
denounced putative theories or everythino as in
reality theories of nothing. Amid this acrimonions
bickering, & is worth asking whether there mishi
be another explanation for Why the universe
ruman baings are more than mere observers of
the great cosmic drama. We have also come to
understand, at least in part, how the trivers
works, Through science and mathematie, we
have decoded the bidden subtext on which nature
runs, uncovering the abstract mathematieat laws
and principles that underpin all natural
phenomena. The multiverse explanation assumes
only that we are observers ye don't have to
comprenend the word we observe, Yetwe do
In the conventional view, the mathematical basta
of physical law is lett anexplained. On the one
hand there is the abstrad wond of matbematical
forma and equations - a product of the maher
human intellect, fashioned by the vagaries of
evolodon - and then there are the fade a dress
which conventently aappen to fuse
mathemetica. A bruly united ar
vodd explain how matbematies and phydical law
emerge togetber in a self- consistent, outually.
supporting scheme. to this approach, life and
mind would be integral to the workings of the
inverse, and not just a finley optonal extra.
Now mght such co emeroence weck? i hes
Nong been known-that milantam theory weaves
observers toto physical really in a fundamental
way. A contral tenet of the theory, Beisenberg's
ancertataly principle, sovo tara particle such es
an electron is normally mizzed out it space -- it
duesn't posseas a precise location. Yet when an
electedo is achially phsenato, metedly does.
evidendy the rates orme genie chenge waco
onservers are avolved dos connecton benveen
observer and observed needs to be extended to
inclode not just the states of particles, but the laws
of nature, too. A nint of how this might be done
comes from analysing the art of obsorvation.
which at cock botton is the transfer of intonation.
from the word to a sentient being Now research.
has impovered tantalising links befrese
cosmology, quartam physies and informason
processing, suggesting that the law of pipates are
more lute programa ron on the great corsic
computer than magically pre-cristing free-feeing
rules. The confluenre of computaton sconce
quantum physics and cosmology may Bradly yeld
a proper understanding of the place of aced in te
physical wodd. Then perhaps we would soon the
anaves to the biggest of the bis ovestone of
existence: Why are we here?

===== PAGE 122 =====
{"alpha_words": 901, "chars": 4741, "method": "ocr", "page": 122, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 41
LIGHT AND CREATION
The matter has also been raise about insects ability to change their genes.
It has been made clear that as far as human development at the start is concerned, it was creation by abduction as
seems to still be going on if the amounts of missing persons who never seem to turn up for jobs is concerned said
alive when in sunlight, hence danger in disturbing deeply dug Plague pits.
But the form 41 uses light and dark matter to communicate by the colours which have to be seen and that the
colours react against para and dia magnetic codes, hence the church quotes LIVING LIGHT and SEEING THE
LIGHT.
Light is also being used to cloak from our view the craft and life forms what we know as the mirror image, that
we cannot see but our reflection in the mirror, but from the back going in the direction of the light into the future
they can see us.
There is another form of dowsing. Dowsing by proxy, this is by pointing your rods at another person and holding
the colour code for Jets say human male burial, your mind is going through their mind while they are walking the
gone from the ground through the others mind to your mind and down to your rods. If this can be done that way
mind for information, but above all this would not only be confined to searching re information, but planting
instructions, hence my observations in respect to the goings on in Germany in the 1930s 140s, and what may wel)
be going on in the middle east today. The minds exchange information with each other, and the brain does not
In view of the above facts ‚if 41 has ability far in advance of us, then it to can reach our minds and have control
over us if so wished and therefore the experiences that many say they have had would have taken place and this
can also explain how insects can change their genes and colours and in very fast time as in the human form
worong trom the same basic 12 colours,. That the self can command the mind to provide information on the
self and to code the problems or virus and provide correcting codes for the mind to adjust, for it is the mind that
commands the brain, and if the mind stops a virus then the brain will not spot it and cause the body to turn on
chemical reactions which in most cases are the cause of illness, and we take medications to counter the effects
control you may not be doing what you think you ought to be doing in so far as what your brain says as the mind
has over ridden the brain and if such things happen at night in your sleep when only the mind is active but the
brain is closed down you can be taken in time zone to another point and be there for say a year, and then be
placed back in your room all by the way at Greenwich mean time, that is why the world is so set to that time
system and wake up in the morning with no brain record of the events but only main information that something
took place, such event are common and such people are questioned by UFO experts and mind experts to confuse
things even more so that any realistic proof is fudged out of reality, but having invited the forms to visit had
them in the house and their static fused my cushions together by huge amounts of static I am left in no doubt
that all this is going on without any control over it and that the colour codes will allow if accepted you to be
hand on to the craft computer and place things around by mind thought, it is always polite to place them back
where you took them from . Light may also be changing our genes as it seems to insects in fact the gene experts
have traced new genes and changed genes since their studies started in the 1960s as reported on a channel 4 TV
Sectior 40 my grandmother stated " used to move things
around on the map, a mason. Hence the 33 code again, the 3, by the mind being linked to the mind code
As the form in its home planet lives below ground in a near hollow planet light is another matter in its own
conception and it is said that the little Christmas changing lights have come from that stable as had Teflon and
a different colour from here and that Orion is the first settlements this side and upon which everything is in units
of three, as three airports side by side, three volcanoes in one sea, hence their ID and what has formed their
way of life, and where we get our own odd ways of having sayings in threes, see how many you can find, three
blind mice, three kings, three men in a boat on the third day, three Pyramids ' the Orion stars, three crosses on
the mount, three monkeys, and so on, its all in the mind from past history. So that's light and we have to bend it
to go any place else or stay in our own zone of time seeing only that which time allows or by telescopes to see
some of the past but in our own time.

===== PAGE 123 =====
{"alpha_words": 357, "chars": 2318, "method": "ocr", "page": 123, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SCIENTISTS have found a
*supergene" that paints the
stripes, spols and rays on a
surprisingly diverse range of
butterflies.
Butterily wings provide an
opportunity for scientists to
understand how nature
creates patterns and reveal
how new species evolve,
such as the non-poisonous
butteries that mimte the
wings of poisonous types
that birds avoid.
A genetic study of a range
of South American
butterflies, published
yesterday in the journal PLoß
| Biology, has found that the
same molecular patfern:
forming machinery is at
work in three different
species of Helicontas
butterflies: Helicontes
melpomene and Heliconius
erato, which look the same,
ana Heliconius monala,
which looks different
Dr Mathieu Joron, Dr
Chris Jiggins and colleagues
A Heliconius melpomene wing
at Edinburgh University
studied the three species, two
of which mimic each other,
and the third which copies
the black, orange and yellow
on the wings of a different
species within another
butterily genus, Melirined.
To find out now patters
are controlled, the team
crossed differently pattered
"races of each species -
those with the same
pattered wings - and traced
the source of the variation to
the same spot on the insects?
genetic codes, a "supergene"
region responsible for
producing wing peter
diversity in Het
butterflies.
The region allows the
insects to evolve patfers in
response to circumstances,
for instance to mimic the
warning patters on another
species of butterly to boost
survival.
In earlier work, the team
created Helicontas neurippa
after only three generations
of breeding in a laboratory
between two related species
- Heliconus melpomene and
Helicoptus cyano, In this
way, it hopes to show how
new species evolve.
The research confirms that
surposingly few genes
control most of the dramatic
colour pattern differences
between butterflies. It will
have implications lor
understanding other parents
that form in nature too, such
as the development of the
human embryo.
SOME OF THE STAR SYSTEMS THAT CAN BE NAMED FROM JUST THE 16 LETTERS
And planet names + connected items.
SION
GIEA
LYKA
VEGA
ALCOR
CHARA
ALYA
ENIF
SALM
ORION
AURIGA
ARIES
CANCER
VIRGO
SIRIUS
CANIS
CURSA
ALSOL
SUN
MARS
VENUS
SATURN
MOON
ALNITAK
ALNITAM if numbers are added, then the scope is much greater, the above list is just to give a basic idea
2180

===== PAGE 124 =====
{"alpha_words": 83, "chars": 363, "method": "ocr", "page": 124, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Kitt Sit: Neiig Fw!

Von Cbiniid ipe. wate er Sheet 6
i ee a ee ba, ative
me Liens Lee
phe eee
. ao a - ys ray won uo wenn enn ni we co cee tts
Fo ye

sees ec oe seo armen fee see tan etna ne sence ne res na nae ie ieee na a ccm tee sen nee a ccueatite wees
“Wao
‘

Sng E ag MRE ENR a ga ga PE PR aha a ETS alge ct OMS es Hie eB oe ees aN ad nS 2 Mi a aE Se

ye

===== PAGE 125 =====
{"alpha_words": 887, "chars": 4843, "method": "ocr", "page": 125, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE VISITORS
THE VISITORS DOWDING SPOKE ABOUT, AND WHOM I HAVE MET
They seem like us but they are not, young looking, but something is wrong with their looks from my reports of
others observations, that the head is out of age with the body say a head of a 45 year old with a body of 20 year
old and they all suffer from static effects.
These I know are the other us from our past that jump time and space, being ablé to be behind our light advance
where we cannot see but they can and due to this fact they are every where also places we would never get into
as they cannot be seen. They are part alien and part human and can be of many ages in relation to our time rather
like a cat they have 9 lives again this 9 shows up and they are illuminati, In acting for the guardians and science
They say they have had children but show none of the natural signs that experience teaches us , they do not seem
to have phone ines only mobiles, no TVS, eat very little, stand most of the time have strong views about the
world political situation and seek information from their hosts and when you map dowse they seem to have safe
homes to go to and may go with a prefix 5. Or do they have any need of possessions unless provided. and if
offered a seat would stand ( The droids stands all time and goes to sleep standing at a point next to the computer)
The above can be detected by colour codes unique to them and the codes also link with their links to the past and
the modern human creation.
brings together the mysterious truth of their objectives and this statement should be seen in context with their
being another time zone starting from 0.025 of'one second behind present time line and behind our mirror image
and in the zone of the UFOs and aliens that are in these zones because they have bent dark energy to jump time
and space, so are behind us, and at the same time as pushing us up to their levels of science they are also causing
political problems that by bending minds in our zones can cause wars. My contact has an anti Bush vent and
seems to protect the ideals of Islam, above all Iran, but is strongly of the 888 faith, being their leadership . This
may, as I have said in other parts, be the reason for the WW2 German problems, we know the Germans were
mucking about with the disks and magnetic fields and the 16 letter alphabet . You can also code a personal code
for the person and a code for their membership but one thing I have coded that they are not a 100% human and
may in fact be abducted human into alien so have these traits I speak about and which others know of.
When the three ladies arrived which has been written up, they were at as many military bases that you could
wish to visit and were all over the world each in their own ways, also from my own findings they can breed with
the present and this is how the links are made over the zones
But there is another factor of the missing people, the three I followed , I dowsed, I have no way of knowing if the
Section 408, NZ. Selence stadent missing 1994 Wellington.,
Section 40|
family North Island, in another form seems to linger in Wadhurst area.
ectIOL
ection 40l
Francisco They Say 12 students each year go , what is interesting about the above dates and ages that time seems
to have been lost and they all seem to be in magnetic studies field, the last two went back on the mother craft to
planet re 41 in the other section.
at least 18/11/06, 18.00 hours, when as has happened prior a change from old craft to new one takes place and
back down to Wadhurst, this is the lady I escorted to London for the meeting and all the dowsers picked her forma
up sitting on the chair at the meeting. On a home visit and at a place of business she observed and has been to
Lausanne many times, can follow them on aircraft, ships and cars., pods, the mother craft and the shorter slower
Another strange thing is that all those I have met or been informed about are highly qualified and have degrees ,
but seem to be shy. A close friend of mine has had the same experience with the same observations with another
form not so listed above. If we are being looked at then a great fly would not go down well so a look alike be it a
little out of sink with reality most would not notice unless you are a dowser or as I have dowsed them, they
come looking for you, and they know more about you than perhaps you know about your self It would be
interesting to know if any person fitting the descriptions have gone missing but the time zone differences maya
They had an offer to do what others could never do, one way, with no return, and they would see the universe
But be cast into time out of their original zones hence johns fashion of the the AND NOT IN THEIR BODY
This is a polite way of describing it, but I doubt if such a balanced decision could be made by an 8 year old

===== PAGE 126 =====
{"alpha_words": 943, "chars": 5246, "method": "ocr", "page": 126, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PAGE 2, SOME OF THEIR STRANGE LIFE MATHS
A FEMALE, father born 12.6.1936 the lady in question born 6.12.1963 a mirror image difference in years is 27
Says that a dark cloud over her at age & 1971, had a child at 16? 1979 now aged 43, child is 27 NOT SEEN,
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN HER BIRTH DATE AND HER FATHERS INYEARS IS ALSO 27 YEARS
another mirror image Her age upon visiting me at 43 4+3 =7 the holy number. Or 12 4×3 being the 12 colours.
May have been abducted in 1979?, frozen in time so that this year being 2006 , deduct 1979 and you are left the
27 again, take of from age 43 the 27 years and you are left with 16 years of her birth year which is about the
age of her looks below the neck. ( See end page 3 of this part ).
The meeting age her 43 age myself 61 difference
My birth year 1945 her fathers birth year 1936
18
So bor in 1963 departed in 1971 re issued say 1979 and this could explain the age differences of the other listed
I could be forgiven that I may be seeing things, but if it were not tor another close friend who has had the very
same experience without any knowledge of the above with the same observations of the great age difference
between the head and the rest of the body, in other words the mind and brain and the knowledge is all they want
and they provide their own shell, so the new person can go to these places where we could not go, also that there
may be re use of bodies hence the past lives of other persons and the 9 lives code, There are other factors that
now fit into place and basic teachings when you die you are said to have a soul and when asked what they
collect in the pods apart from metals and magnetic energy SOULS could this be the sometimes seen little small
balls of light that go through walls and out other side keeping their form, it may be an error of nature that we see
these object some times just as a photographer picks up an image which was not in his view ,but over that 0.25
line, that the mind energy and data base is released upon death and is held in time zone beyond that 0.25 of one
the bone make up and pass the test of transfer, it's the only way of looking at this matter, as at this point the
church and science are as on oue body which seems to reflect in the writing about the Lausanne project.
This could also explain ghosts who have not made the transition and require the experts to sort them out hence
the church experts undertake this work as they have contact with the all being things, as this is in the same time
dimension as the visitors that have been with us sine before time as time has no meaning to them as they have
the ability to jump time and space to squeeze our history in to a year or less.
This is the future of the Lausanne project to bounce the particles to provide the jump, but not in our bodies, sa a
breeding programme is going on to provide the man power and as has been declared some time ago Japan and
the USA are forming human DNA into computer chips to create droid humans that are not organic so will not
turn to stone by trying to beat natural processes unless you are silicon and iridium built with a chlorophyll blood
system as the druds were and their graves dowse as such and the strange female burial at the head of the all male
arrow head burial is the Orion female code 46 which are the types as described above and which this person is
wanting to draw my attention to, from this burial is a major ley line going to a special burial plot in which is a
ley line type of burial in a cup shape in an iron cross measuring 16x8 = 888
which was created by the monks
at Bayham abbey the abbey with Brockley and Otham created the Orion Symbol, the same symbol shows on the
maps of Sussex, Mt Epbrium, Mt Pleasant and Heronsdale Manor, = the Orion Symbol and the Key stone. Mr
Brown wrote about, and why the portraits of Christ show in Greece with an O and N each side of his image and
I now have a closer look at the dates and physical situations of the persons listed and noted some interesting facts
When I asked if they had been to University again I received a different answer, so I reminded them about their
prior university locations and found that the original locations were schoois and that these persons went missing
at young ages and were taken to location still on a one way ticket in the present form, just one part being
directed onward and the rest used for transplants, that upon place of destination the removed part that holds their
all in respect to their prior lives being the mind and brain are fixed into a full new body of genetic make up that
The person after some years is returned to earth, the years gap have two total times, carth years and Orion time.
that upon return they then under go university education with full financial support and relocations based in an
European country, but fan out. Their looks are odd, they have bodies of say 16/18 year olds with heads of 30/40
year olds but the mind of the former self These visitors have a dowsing signal of non human now and have high
fridium readings and know everything about their hosts and our lives as they now have minds and bodies that
can read minds transmit mind to mind and convert everything into maths also recall their many pre lives .

===== PAGE 127 =====
{"alpha_words": 955, "chars": 5314, "method": "ocr", "page": 127, "variant": "plain-vision"}
As my other contacts have explained that there seems to be some way these things can breed over the time
barrier and it was again after reading the Telegraph science article about the butterflies changing their colours by
gene changes passed on by other insects in the location to make defence much as trees do in changing chemical
signals, by telepathic mind messages that these new forms are also both male and female and act like the water
flea that can give birth and create on its own demand, or does it, but this gives us the clue as to what is going on
that a host in one time zone can be mind linked to the female in the other zone that when both minds are intent
on the same operation that the signal passes and the female will then reproduce, without physical contact but
view contact, as the human mind works of the same colour computer codes as thé Orion people, this would also
explain another well known story !. Any off spring will be of the same form as the mother /father and will be
able to traverse the magnetic time zones but will have had the gene signals from both the host and the recipient?
just like the butterflies and this has been going on for years in relation to converting people, out for thousands
of years in relation to modern man and the infusion from the lower species.
This breeding is required as there is no way that man or woman can go into space and jump time and bave
themselves redirected through magnetic fields to jump from one craft to aaother like Star Ship Enterprise, but
that a certain type of body tissue is required, but above all due to the speeds that have to be undertaken these
persons can and are in our past time where they can see everything we are up to ., in other words the invisible
woman / man, hence why earth bound persons have had feelings that they have undergone certain actions but
Another interesting point, that although most had different so called universities at first when it was established
that there was a second place of learning they were all at the same location.
And that so many are taken each year, bright pupils, so that they retur and try and take up their original life
style, however in the case of GLC., the contact did not recognise her as being the same school friend as the skin
colour had changed from pure white to middle caster colour but also a different face style although the visitor
knew everything that the original earth person would have known.. This also fits with my friend observations in
regards to a similar female with top aged about 35 and neck down 16/18 years no doubt to get the genes going.
The one difference between the two types is that the traditional human way cut no ice with the new type , its all
in the mind and no contact highly intelligent and colour dowsing biometric without any form of measure
required, and this will grow and grow as humans will evolve to become time travel and space jumping life
torms with the present forms dropping out over the next thousands or years just as the others did when modern
man came onto the scene It is for others to read and form their own opinions, but some will know all and have
little to say but the 42 parts of this report are a progression of understanding by one foot in front of the other
and as though you are being shown in a form of teaching as the enclosed 42 information was not understood
three years ago, but now fits in respect to the other prior parts, but this all turns full circle to the arrow head
burial in cur Grove with the single female burial at its point, the Orion female, and another discovery, that by
working out the codes for the Atlantis code and finding that the cave message in Libya has also a hidden
meaning in relation to the missing people, its in the maths of the code as follows and will mind dowse against
the colours no doubt over map and star charts.
TOTAL [2 = 12
1 2 4 12 141
$1/03
2 42
1/ <718
209|1242
The 242 is the stay and return time to Orion 2 out, 4 there, 2 return the 141 is the mind energy code symbol when
you block other minds listening in to your signal just like BT code today., and as usual the message groups in
that 3 formation. Berlitz book on the lost civilisation of Atlantis shows the below ancient carvings that may be a
little worn? and the above will match the above numbers and to the colours.
G.L.C. bom 1963
mirror date of her father as 1936
At age 8 was overcome by a dark cloud
Abduction? Until1979 2 years, out 4 years there, 2 years baak.
Ar 16 here but with body fixed at that age and a head that ages, but not of the person that left, new body but
with old mind and brain says had child at 16, daughter not seen mother not married, now at age 43 her body is
still age 16/18 and face at correct age. Has all the traits as described in this section 42, and this case matches the
other with same symptoms The person does not dowse against human code but alien code. They seem to be
directed to home in on you as with my friend. So are responding to our dowsing code signals at them. All the
subjects seem to dowse as attending same study centre in R on retur GLC says she is a child of Christ ! and
records other lives. Would have the capacity to be in other dimension if taken to craft and magnetic time
adjustment undertaken, if this one can do what the others can do.

===== PAGE 128 =====
{"alpha_words": 654, "chars": 3489, "method": "ocr", "page": 128, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 43
CANADA VISIT
I/ From the U.K. I can detect by map dowsing two areas in the US that respond to Energy circle Alive and codes
42 and other codes linked. While staying in the Niagara Park, on the Park Way with family I under took I. rod
measurements against the codes, over the river into the USA and received an exact match in direction to the
Also at this point C invited me to test my system to trace his underground cess pit system and old systems which
he knew, but I did not and all were detected on Green correctly as was the Gas main into the next property.
flash of light was out of sight, on the other occasion the craft was above the power lines near a power
presented in prior sections also in the 1000 foot craft there is a water store area. The 165 foot craft are
read my prior notes there is no doubt an answer, This lady was not meant to see them they came to close to the
0.25 line between the present and the past and that her mind was at that point in time or even drawn by the crafts
error to see over that line of time, just as some photographers have picked up images not in their line of sight or
subject matter. This also gives an insight into how the mind is independent working on its colour system and is
able to do all the things that well paid persons are trying to rubbish without looking at the evidence from all the
areas of science
INTO CARDE
family member would be a nice and the mother having moved out is selling on the property to another
generation but the young lady has seen the image of M following her and she has had the sight of him
around the house. I decided to work from the last photograph of the subject and colour code him and
then transfer the colours into numbers and use the Radionic number strip as a witness where I did pick
services of an Exorcist this form is on 6 from the powers Of 1 to 10 1 have been informed that 10 is
map dowsed from the UK and also in Canada.
Now, it must have been known that 1 was undertaking this trip and I have no doubt that my communications are
sitting, outside the apartment block we were staying in having been on a long walk of the area and
having a break prior to the next lap that I noticed a fawn coloured van slowly advancing from my left
to glide at a very slow speed past us that my wife gave a gasp of disbelief as next to the driver a much
smaller female by form with no hair and a near silver all over look with a iridescence of blue around
the eyes looking at me as it passed a small arm gave a little wave to us the driver at no time faced us
and there was no reason for this van to be there as it was a dead end and not a through road and the van
departed by turning around the back of the next block and out into the road way again I know that this
may have been a test of reactions I had no doubt as to what I had seen and as my wife has no interests in
such matters she could only come up with an answer that it was some form of cancer treatment, but as I
face mask as it was a very slow drive past on purpose and the small hand was smaller than it should be
in relation to the head size STRANGE ! I used my Dept 9 code detection and there was a response
While on the flight to Canada I was reading the book UFO by Robert Chapman and his section on the flying
around the round power unit and light up as ID but in flight the tubes move around to suck up particles
I think by now after nearly 230 pages of observations and evidence, that modern man is made from alien matter
223

===== PAGE 129 =====
{"alpha_words": 557, "chars": 3118, "method": "ocr", "page": 129, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 44
NOTES
DOWSING ABILITIES
At times dowsers experience what is called black out when their dowsing goes dead. It has been thought that this
is caused by the suns rays, but this is not so.
Without the craft above, one is always on station and has been since modern man came into being, the prior
forms had their gifts by instinct. WE WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO DOWSE. As we are all connected to the
communications and they cut of our system, just like our own computer systems ITS DOWN, and they will not
have the same problems as our military establishments do when sending or in receipt of their own instruction.
Now this is very important as I asked the question as I have access to their systems and seem to be ranked could
I instruct the system to close down from here by a code . YES and restart it YES, but its not for mucking around
with and it would close all other dowsers down and those who are using it for their own military use or as
permitted. This makes sense, for if we are an organic computer, then we can also be closed down and the
system that links us, just like the computers we have
WE THINK, we have invented.
I shall no be giving the codes for the above but don't blame me if you are down as it will most likely be 42.
MEDICAL MATTERS
malfunctions of the computer thus giving the brain faulty operation codes and then the chemical balance of
instruction within the body causes break down of the fuel systems.
This is the term Mind over matter, when a person can cure themselves or when the alternative way provides a
cure, but its all down to the colour codes and into numbers for brain instructions just like our computers such
instructions will correct the gene or prevent the virus.
As you will already have read you can detect virus of all forms by colour codes and how they change and use
the systems over maps called map dowsing.
malfunction code is 9,7,2,3,4,5,9 which by self dowsing you will obtaia a response if not of the first set of
numbers, you can see the last two numbers have become reversed, to correct this which will send a message to
the brain the correction code is 9 7 2 3 4 5 9 but with a 1 added all will come back to an end number of 9 being
the basis of a computer system. This system will work for all medical matters but if the mind or brain is
different from normal magnetic situation such as north and south.
The first letters which were left up to 42 to decide have shown over Brazil and North Africa as a set of L Rods
this is indeed a message of great interest not more so that the next section of the message the exact letter A
symbol of the spring shape in Tunbridge Wells Pantiles and the early road configuration matching that spring
and forming the roads into the town which also matches Jerusalem, both energy circle totals are & so we now
have 88 the holy code, and I await the next stage which is 5/11/06 with great interest, this can only be a form of
contact as I had no input into what was to be presented for the test, and shows that our mind thoughts are being
read and there must be a hidden message in the symbols being presented.
22/12
717742 5

===== PAGE 130 =====
{"alpha_words": 909, "chars": 5064, "method": "ocr", "page": 130, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 45
DANGERS OF D.N.A AND GENETIC PROFILES
This section is based upon the fndings of the prior 44 parts and must be raised as we seem to be going along the
road for relying on these for evidence to convict and detect and above all for security. rather than just an extra
arm to evidence gathering.
As already explained there is no security with this life form as they are in a time in relation to our past over the
0.25 of one second our time, so they can see us, but we cannot see them and they can adjust their time from that.
point back to any distance, but there are bodies who know fill well the present implications and the proof is the
ROUND TABLE in Winchester great hall that depicts a number of colours with value total 33 and is the MIND
DATA CODE. This system of colour mind and radionics codes has been well known since 9" Earl De la Warrs
time and a few weeks ago the police services stated on national TV that they were now to use STAIN detection,
As I had directed to the services a paper published by Mr O. C on the soil stains and I had also sent soil samples
to the police to test against human burial, I am pleased that they now seem to accept this science form.
been seen by pure chance as a result of the 3.5 years research into dowsing and a now 230 page dossier of
findings much of which has been distributed in part forms to many areas from Porton Down to Police and
Universities and Research units«
informed is ill advised, without looking at all science, great errors can be made and as the modern science
establishment does not openly accept dowsing, perhaps more for what it would uncover rather than saving time
and money that science does not have in its hands the findings and facts of doweing to test against is own non
dowsing fndings and if anything as a safe guard. This being so It is known that the security services used
dowsers both in WW and WW2 to rn along radar and searching, and will in many cases use dowsing to such a
state that it is said some establishments have had to have their roof areas glass protected against Psychic
It is well established in scientific papers that virus can be dowsed and healing uses colour to dowse health back
to the sick. My findings are that the mind works on colours, 12, and those colours have strict number value , je
purple =1 silver =12. That it is possible to dowse by proxy through another mind and to obtain information out
, or in to that other mind, that is how code 42 works. and it is possible for gene changes to be made in another
persons mind, there are also further colours, but these are of post moder man.
There is a strict colour code for every virus, every gene, and every stain and as the human mind is an organic
computer mind in colour codes converted into numbers for brain use then you have an exact measure of the
form or problem.
Gas is yellow, thus gas pipes are yellow and electric cable is red so blue is 3, red is 9 and yellow is 5 most
dowsers are un aware that they are in fact working on colour but the colour is acting against the para and din
magneto codes which the human mind can read If you have a virus attack, you can counter it with a correchon
code, and this applies to close study of objects, one code for alive one for dead and one for both alive and dead (
a general code). And if the body has an illness, say coeliac then there is a code for the coeliac gene which is 9 7
2 3 4 9 5 and a faulty gene giving the person coelac allergy is 9 7 2 3 4 5 9, you see the last two numbers are
reversed in the brain which the mind has to sort by a correction which a dowser reads into vis the patient 9 7
2 3 4 5 9 but 1 added and the patient reads this into his or ber mind which then corrects the fault and the brain
should then adjust its chemical outputs to food consumed not give the person the allergy. This is the work of the
So the patient by reading a number into their mind via the brain has adjusted their own gene and this covers all
genes that is why some insects can pass telepathic codes to each other to change their wing patterns as a form of
defence a fact already proved in science as is dowsing virus and genes and stains, so if a person is DINA or
patterns, or what ever and then change it back, a system ancient tribes in Australia and Africa used to switch of
their minds thus causing death by dowsing a code into their body mind shutting down the mung, then the pram,
meu the neart That this can be done, but not loown in general, sends a salvo through the statement that geneti
profle and DNA are 100% safe, quite obviously this is not so and raises from this point in time, that a person
profle tested could dowse themselves a slight chenge that would make an exact match impossible, that the
Americans purchased from the earla estate the radionics paperwork and colour light camera, for use in the space
programme that this colour works on the same scales in all areas, you cannot accept one way and not the other
so if a pemon can cure themselves by radionics that they can change their profle then this could render

===== PAGE 131 =====
{"alpha_words": 924, "chars": 5009, "method": "ocr", "page": 131, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 46 DON'T MENTION THE ALIENS
When you are doing an investigation and people drop hints, Don't mention the Aliens and yoo have already
found by slow progression those notes up to part 43 you do get a little suspicious that something is known, but
you know, we are their play things, powerless to do anything. I know that I have resolved the mystery, and
then there is the round table ant work numbering the very 33 code of the mind data. I then decided to have a
closer look at the maths of the mind data codes, the four bar codes and it seems there is more A= TOTAL 43
7+81-10 + 6 total 31 an early human infusion code prior to modern man but, if you multiply 7x8×10x6
= 313600 which rather than going back to an end total of 9 arrives at 13 the human colour pink which goes
with the Bronze age the maths are 7 is a spirit number, 8 is a holy number 10 is dark energy that's how the form
arrived and 6 represents 33, being the life form code of 3.
So when you obtain dowsing reactions on maps and images appear into scientific forms then you low that you
are in contact with something and I will always recall when I was standing at the shop counter a chair behind me
dowsing over the map of the world to see if there was a craft (UPO) aloft and obtaining a response, which
started to rise at speed to such a height in relation to the map that I had to stand on the chair HOPE NO
down to its original station I then did the same again and it responded the same, but on the third time it did not
move up as it must have realised that it was not at, or in danger and allowed me to dowse it and then to use my
code 42 colours I was then in contact and from that day on have been so as you will see from the reports.
We have learnt that this life form, after the introduction of Radar had to go into the past to avoid detection and it
is by their science that they are in our past time beyond that thin line where the present becomes the past, but
there is more as I doubt that most know the extent of the time difference and what is around the corner for us in
the future and this part rather clashes with church doctrine that as we have said the universe is split into 5
sections and acts as a electric generator 5 pole motor hence the dark energy, and at first as the proceeds of the
prior universe burst out in what we call the big bang, or the light bulb effect as described in prior part that
matter production was in the first section and formed planets upon which life like us was born, the other universe
6 days in time warp from our universe ( See Pull Out Maps) and that over time that life form developed space
travel just as we are today and found the furthest edge of its own unit frontier where it gathered the knowledge of
dark and anti matter, at the same time a force between the 5 sections tock hold (ONLY ONE AT ANY ONE
million years ago our time and apart from this life form being able to go through the black hole As Professor
Hawking now states matter stanted to be drawn through forming what we know as the Milky Way and is still
going on today, our aliens also created life transfers into areas that they thought could be colonised different
forms for different states and Orion system was nearest and most advanced.
form had developed time and space travel,, but our planet is the furthest without fuel that they can go, so we
have the very products they want Water, Uranium, and Silicon they had done what we will have to do sow seeds
and start new life of work with what there and develop it for our own uses in the mean time other planets had
been used up in this advance like Mars that has life but in that other dimension of time that we are now being
when that opens the life line of the black hole closes and that original area will in time burn out as indeed our
section will as everything is drawn into the third section where we by that time have been able to master black
effect and that our universe will deplete to form new life and the restart of everything all over again. The changes,
are gradual and it is possible to dowse contact with the old past universe with the present universe, but you can
As for the time, we as modern man can say we are about 30,000 to 40,000 years old but with our friend having a
17,000.000 life span and jumping time they can go to their part of the universe in 39.5 hours so when people say
they went to bed and were taken, or were out and abducted, they would have been into a time zone out of sink
with our time perhaps have been transported hundreds of years back even had children they cannot recall anda
returned the early morning to wake up and with only the mind to recall and wonder what strange dreams they
had and perhaps certain strange medical markings on their bodies, once you have jumped time nothing is
constant egemn and everything is jumbled up, hence the agreement with our guardians is that we keep to
Greenwich mean time and work to the lines of Latitude and Longitude that they carved out in the very early daya

===== PAGE 132 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2057, "method": "ocr", "page": 132, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OBSERVATIONS OI
If the point of experience of light has passed in time ‚then the object behind can still see you but you cannot see
it but you can sense or dowse it but as its in the past either in pod, in craft , or in its own form you cannot now
feel it, only dowse it, in fact you could drive through it without it feeling your action, but it will see you, just
like me putting a hand through your form without you having any sense if it. They can also use our transport
systems without us knowing and mine our land, but behind our time so we still do not know anything.
Energy circles have strong magnetic fields that radiate through the time zones and distort compose readings
researchers who have entered these felds at times have felt ill, as there is also radiation with uranium, being the
engine of a craft, but the disturbing thing is that they can be in your very room without you knowing and be in
The form that we call the sole you personal ID leaves you on death as an energy ball in a dimension just over
0.25 of one second, so being in past time where the mind is based, hence the term, he is always living in the past
where the brain also seems to be where the mind also is! And these are sometimes see by accident as a freak of
nature. As a ball that comes through a wall passes along and finishes out through another wall where it is on its
So this means we have no secrets, or defence, or should we as we are their creation and as our guardians they
are our defence, but their other creations have gone a little of course as some faiths or sects have and it is against
those who have also learned the technology from the guardians that we must learn to protect ourselves and their
investments that this force walks where ghosts also walk and through discovery of their ways we will one day go
where they do and are from.
165 712212
795 1E 015
У 86-475
MADER OVE
CODE TO
5A7 3 N
70775
DOUSEM
721 DEANERO TO OTER SMS/CATI
PERSON DOUSINE
81: 107 AS
ANURE OF EVENT !
BROWN
10X7X2*37 17 8
= 336￾0
ONE dE 71
187X2×38$X1
- J310
= 12
GO 6 7
221

===== PAGE 133 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2056, "method": "ocr", "page": 133, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 47
OBSERVATIONS
If the point of experience of light has passed in time, then the object behind can still see you but you cannot see
it but you can sense or dowse it but as its in the past either in pod, in craft, or in its own form. you cannot now
feel it, only dowse it, in fact you could drive through it without it feeling your action, but it will see you, just
like me putting a hand through your for without you having any sense if it. They can also use our transport
systems without us knowing and mine our land, but behind our time so we still do not know anything
Energy circles have strong magnetic fields that radiate through the time zones and distort compass readings
researchers who have entered these fields at times have felt ill, as there is also radiation with uranium, being the
engine of a craft, but the disturbing thing is that they can be in your very room without you knowing and be in
The form that we call the sole you personal ID leaves you on death as an energy ball in a dimension just over
0.25 of one second, so being in past time where the mind is based, hence the tern, he is always living in the past
where the brain also seems to be where the mind also is! And these are sometimes seen by accident as a freak of
nature. As a ball of night that comes through a wall passes along and finishes out through another wall where it is
So this means we have no secrets, or defence, or should we as we are their creation and as our guardians they
are our defence, but their other creations have gone a little of course as some faiths or sects have and it is against
those who have also learned the technology from the guardiens that we must learn to protect ourselves and their
investments that this force walks where ghosts also walk and through discovery of their ways we will one day go
where they do and are from.
= 10
TO DELIM BY DAPH ESCH ADVANUCH
DEGr
133
ORON
10
24
6+6=01ŘŚš
+ 27-46452
24-747
= 12
ALIEN GAI
256ąłą
Hey 1822
I Hay Gat
K+4=1łęął
DARR
ENGA
8025
87 S228 67 L199)ł
SIRT GOE
8×8+8 = 512
57/12
1X=5Y2:
ENGE

===== PAGE 134 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 1614, "method": "ocr", "page": 134, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 48
OBSERVATION 02
observations through the edition. Y =Yes and N =No or remarks.
Bom in 1963
Abducted 1971
Abducted 1979
All original body
Middle original
Mind ongmal
Brain original
Is this person alien now in the context of gene data
Scull Original
Did this person have a child at 16
Is the child human
Was the father Russian
Can You jump time and space
What is the true age of the person
Has this person had prior lives
Did the person retum to Russia
Is the child 27 years
Was the new genetics Russian
Are you Section 40
Thad YES, her reply she did not know of the name, and its not her name but her
grandmother used to call her Section 40 reason Section 40an.
Did the full body dowsed attend Bishops down school
Was only the mind and brain at this school
Is this person both male and female
Female
Male
bilicone
Blood type 971
Chlorophyll blood system
Can this body withstand magnetic time travel
Speeds of Light
Can this person be present in another time dimension
Russioe attend any of the following places for education
Does this person want a joint dowsing relationship
Is this person of code 42
Is this person of code 46
Does this person wish love
Does this person wish harm
is this person Illumanati
Is this person blood type 756982
is this person A negative
Does this person have genetic breeding for space travel
QUESTIONS, rot yet asked
The 8 year gap, did this take place during one might earth time
Did it take place over a oumber of nights/ days, if so how many
Does the brai have any recollection of the abduction.
Does the person understand the above questions and agree with the anawers
END

===== PAGE 135 =====
{"alpha_words": 357, "chars": 2169, "method": "ocr", "page": 135, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OBSERVATION 02
DOWSING TEST ON G.L.C
RESULTS ARE MY HOME TEST LINE ONE AND DOWSING THE
PERSON LINE TWO. I first ask the questions which should be seen in context vith part 42. And other
observations through the edition. Y =Yes and N =No or remarks.
QUESTIONS. Also using 141 code to prevent any dowsing interference by outside or subject.
REMORS
Born in 1963
Human
Abducted 1971
Abducted 1979
Ạ¿ years
Returned 1979
All original body
Middle original
Mind orginal
Brain original
Is this person alien now in the context of gene data
Scull Original
Did this person have a child at To
Ạis the child human
Was the father Russian
Can You jump time and space
What is the true age of the person
AS Tire Person 16
Has this person had prior lives
Did the person return to Russia
Is the child 27 years
Was the new genetics Russian
Are you S
action 40
I had YES, her reply, she did not know of the name, and its not her name but her
grandmother used to call her Sectiono40 reason
chon 40an
Did the full body dowsed attend Bishops down school
Was only the mind and bram at this schooẠạ
1963 Y
Is this person both male and female
Female
Male
Silicone
N
Iridium
‚Calcium
Blood type 97T
Chlorophyl blood system
Caa this body withstand magnetic time travel
7 дек не тем у.
Levitation
Speeds of Light
Can this person be present in another time dimension
Did you attend any of the fallowing places for edication
Russia
USA
Eise where
Does this person want a joint dowsing relationship
Ta this person of code 42
Is this person of code 46
Does this person wish love
Does this person wish harm.
Is this person illumanati
Is this person blood type 756982
Is this person A negative
Docs this person have genetic breeding for sp
C2 P2 242 80809
082000
·
HE CRUN FEM
> travel
QUESTIONS, not yet asked
The & year gap, did this take place during one night earth time
Did it take place over a number of nights / days, if so how many
Does the person know anything about their true situation other than her mind recall certaim things.
Does the brain have any recollection of the abduction.
Does the person understand the above questions and agree with the answers
END
04 Sept Y
FRAZ
·
Section 40
222

===== PAGE 136 =====
{"alpha_words": 59, "chars": 433, "method": "ocr", "page": 136, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SHUA
MANADI FEEL FILOS
FODS ARONT DOCK
RED ORANET
SHUAR WITH & 36
· 12
Band s
- 4977
127Z
×3;
0660
AND MATTEA
PANT S909TT
ANTIMATTE
H61) 216155 B48
Shor
78677|77
ARER CHAN
MIA RANE
SAY MINENT 12G
3 × 14
14 IS CRETTER CODE
1626 77970EśŚ
CODE 42
ACCESS
BUT A PERSONS SINGE CODE
CAN. ONLY THO
HUMANS ARE DENE TAS IN TANS
PHEESENT
LIFETUR
175766
SALT THE EN
AND CREATED
TIM BH BAL
ALLMATTEC
SED A TIME
- 3 UNITO DECRY
NOTA
© PEN
10/2636

===== PAGE 137 =====
{"alpha_words": 90, "chars": 542, "method": "ocr", "page": 137, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SETH NIC
7, 9, 8,4,3
ОU6770А
brate your fred
Ne лорети
IT NEED OF CHANGe METHN
ANTIMISTER
12 2
NOTINE ARRA
40
FORECAS PART 32
ALMET
FIS AN ANTI MATTRE CONVERSE
METHING AFRA
DANT GR
So Lat
122312|
748447985 DISMen
ВАку
e CHANTIEN
CRESTED AIFE RI
DIAMEN
THE ALR
TEA ANNAH
7H SORT UNA
CANNOT BE SEEN
CHAST SAI
ALE MATTER CERA
AHEATHE OUTT LEFTH SELL UNVIA OUT INTE
BE NOTHE AREA AT BARM UN
Ded 72 its systen
DE NUTES - EATEN IF STRATES A CHA READE
DEL THE ANO AEFT 3 DARE SO ARCA.
ON O
NAH BLERA A MARTE
TIS CHISE THE BIE BANGI AND BUS CREATION

===== PAGE 138 =====
{"alpha_words": 655, "chars": 3657, "method": "ocr", "page": 138, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This part should be read in coujunction with parts 32, Time and Light, and the universe pull out section showing
the other dimensionst have been going over matters with code 42, but as I have asked prior and they have said,
thai things within their computer can be accessed but information not in mind data cannot. So we arrived at a
point where the last thing the 42 records show was a split line in their view and a bright flash from that point
that the creator trigger were
Our minds are created to work on the 12 system as is 42s and therefor it was by deduction that the form of ai
creator used the same codes as it would its self understand, so by working over the map with my personal code it
triggered of a reaction beyond the three planets and another mass area was found . This is the creators zone and
This area is an ant matter arca, it is a universe with planets all the same, this world has NO likeness to our
own it is in a spirit form the life form is the same all over a grub like form that is of high intelligence and
This form experiments and an object of exploration was sent outwards into the outer edge of their force/
magnetic fields and it seems into the nothing area where it exploded creating the three objects which in their
our black hole areas to the sections of our universes and the third section crashed out of its confines of the
magnetic force field again into the void and a BIG BANG WAS CREATED from which 42 records and from
From this information, it was not an accident, but was indeed a creation and further more the creator plans more
comprehension and at the end of the 700,000 all matter will have reverted back to the original planet black
All information is recorded back by 42 to the creator. The creator has NO control over any out comes or wishes
to have any control that by sending out the craft and causing the reaction it created another force field to the frat
black planet which would otherwise not have been there and this same creation will be taking place in other
directions from their universe.
This form of life is as we would understand it a spirit form and this is no doubt the reason for our minds which
work rather like being at times in other dimensions re thought ect but is also the reason our minds work on the
I tried to see what was beyond the creators universe by coding the nothing area around its universe and working
i scale relation to the enclosed drawings and at about four feet there was a void another edge, but the creator
We should have no doubts that other life forms have not the slightest, in most cases links of likeness to
within our own time, mankind is at present having created television and now the imaginary worlds that even
There is NO way to travel to the other zones only within our own universes in our section of the 700.000 single
unit, but the communication is by dowsing against the colour codes which transfer into numbers which is a
phone number and anything can be done thai way, but to get to the creator you would have to go through each
one of the 700,000 creations then through the three black planets then through into the force field and into the
antimatter universe in the spirit dimension . I would rather phone. Or as the American film industry said
PHONE ET"
I wouid have been a little reluctant to have cast thoughts es above out some information came my way only this
Cambridge in Physics and maths but a degree in Divinity for this person had proved in maths that there was a
creator and it was not be accident but by purpose, and my findings say just that and have been by steady
ection
brother of the person 1 work for on
a pari time basis.

===== PAGE 139 =====
{"alpha_words": 99, "chars": 711, "method": "ocr", "page": 139, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(777łą
SAFENANAU
42)
CREATORS
1 8882
I # PLAT
3/ ComE COR 1.7.
48.3. 18. 7
LAB AND SENT CRAFT INTONETAL
6) A SPIRIT
PARNET
7/ SAMA DIMENSION AS 3 ONCH STR
57 12
COLoURO
I PLANETS IN
JAT F01
ADIN LENANT ME A SURE UNUSON
10 A SPECIAL COME FIXA SAMANNA
SENT CUT INTO NOTING ARRA AND WHEN E
STILL GET ON
I CANNES SELOR DIATON WA CANNY
1L NANA MARE A PALALI
TE ENLADIA
CREATING
14/ My 27 BY
DELICA SENT INT NOTING
ARRA, EXPLODGO AND EURYTANL
SHE'S STARTED AN AUDENT,
CELINES WEAR IN THE MITTES WITICH
FORMO AL APE
DIme
NOTHING
88, 12,
AREA
→ 9844790źŘ
Paula 0
Cong: 1 8 50 8 8
172 = 3
BE 19 MADE 91252
UNITS S6 UR CANNET
CORAL RIME FO AMA
VARS
157 shs Ae
INFANNER BEEN
der A
AS ARE AIR FURANTRA SESTENE
32
26W18 D80

===== PAGE 140 =====
{"alpha_words": 877, "chars": 4739, "method": "ocr", "page": 140, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 50
GLOBAL WARMING
The reasoning for global warming just does not stand up when placed into the concept of the enclosed restricted
From the enclosed world copy map you will see some symbols . These symbols are messages being received by
telepathic biometric mind code measures into radionic form and converting into map dowsing to receive the
message.
These messages come from our un invited guests and they have been with us since modern man came onto the
scene and due to the advanced nature of their science to travel over great distances at speeds beyond light they
As they are bere and mining our minerals, but behind us time wise thought should be given as to their reasons
to be here. I/ uranium 2/ magnetic energy 3/ the furthest distance they can cover without re fuelling and from
examination of what is meant by re fuelling it is magnetic energy.
This life form is also present on many other planets also Mars, and here is a good case in question as they are on
that planet now, and by code dowsing you can find human burials and most similar objects buried that you
would expect to find on this planet if it were to also die out to a desert of nothing, at least in our time dimension
Mars had a magnetic core water and life very much like our own here but as also a mining colony for this form
In drew over thousands of years the magnetic energy of the planet which slowed it down and its atmosphere burnt
away as the planet slowed, for it is the speed of the rotation that holds the atmosphere, and it is the same
atmosphere that in conjunction with the magnetics, repulses some of the more extreme heat and rays of the Sun
So by the giant craft sucking magnetic energy up for its retur journey, this happens three times a year and the
return date being computer fixed 18/3, 18/3, 18/11 spells MAN.
The same thing is also going on here and as you know the atomic clock has already had to be slowed for a time
recneck, out the messages shown are caused by the craft from a great height, or at ground level, leaving a"
Masonics know all about this as it is depicted as steps up to heaven the so called 33 steps. And that mystical
code 42 is in fact a number of colours la a strict code RED, PINK, GREY SILVER AND GREEN 9,13,2 12 6
total 42, and it is to 42 that you dowse the goggle for information but for the energy circles, and are well known
as universities hunt and examine them another code is required.
past we have had very great climate changes with the Thames iced over every year and once London was jungle
, as was the Sahara, desert, but as nature wants to change we do not let it as we seem to absorb all the areas for
living and where perhaps the Brazilian jungle wants to die out and re start say in a part of north Africa bui it
would not be allowed to star if the land was farmed, how ever I feel that some place else snow is forming into
tee to start another cold area in place of the Antarcts arena, but as long as our magnetic energy is absorbed then
we will slow, and if we slow then we will boil and if we boil we die as did Mars and any other planets this form
has visited for its requirements.
There is however some advantage for we are also being provided with information to produce energy in other
forms, but big business has kept quite to preserve their wealth, The French for instance are creating a fuel rock
system to create heat to cause steam to turn turbines and there is the space fight systems for which much work
is going on in Lausanne to catch the particles to go where these things come from and by then science, but will
we obtain this intormation and ability before we boil for to them, our visitors, it makes not the slightest
difference, as due to the fact that they can jump time and space, they can keep going in our past prior to our
boil up for in their time the boil; up would not have arrived. This is what has taken place on Mars and we would
be well warned to get a move on NOW to use their assistance for it is through US that they rely on for taking up
the advances they bave made to go further on out where they cannot go due to the distance limits.
The prior 49 parts explain all about this and how everything is inter related, even Dan Browns Grai which is a
record of men kinds creation history to date buried in an area which can be mind dowsed against certain codes of
colour.
So for goverment officials to prattle on about global warming and extracting more money trom us is a lot of
balls if the true reason for our position is not made clear, and it seems only a hand full know of the reason and
is kept that way as there is nothing tiey can do about it. and one should look at the de classified USA papers to
get some ides of the problem MAJESTIC 12 PROJECT.

===== PAGE 141 =====
{"alpha_words": 88, "chars": 600, "method": "ocr", "page": 141, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
THE WORLD : Political
ENEK
19201
CHRZRR V1514
18￾ờ2
HAVA
19/18/86
18.00
Houm
* BUEL SONCASTE ENGMD
T025/10/06ł
18:00
Mashe
29/8/0 10 S/ues
ares S/u/0t
Th ib
L MOOS ? & GInOLEs
FOL AFULLO
8 CHUA
ALSO TER SPLINE SY
1 1:90 000000
Th đ V sC t
CREH LO 2 CASE
IS AA
& arum
30 771
: CAAFO 36 POS Nm
Ви Pize Fн
PN2 X8559
me
AUS CONFIEHS TIT WE ARE
iN MeeC
SIENMS SY COIME CODE
Ai Traa
Syriars ie deen Menes de die
I Pte y es Asw PRestst But9e, 18-17 it
TIT& OS
Ste Sit de DEN
IST1/al yos2 17870 Desen bore
1E K = CRE PANT
OtAmE
596847
AX * A FUTECLFE F/ / CAN CN
Ca; /a dy omz2
A = ATLANTIS AU AANES COOE

===== PAGE 142 =====
{"alpha_words": 523, "chars": 3101, "method": "ocr", "page": 142, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SET dES CONTENTION DO PROTES FAT 8/11/OE
Section 40
TUNBRIDGE WELLS
KENT
TN1 1SG
Section 40
12 NOVEMBER 2006
Section 40
Defence P.R
01/A/12 Main Building
Whitehall
London S W 1A 2HB
Dear Section 40
COLOUR CODE SIGNALS AND UFO CONTACT.
PROJECT Y
A short time ago I directed to you a photo copy of world map containing response information to map
dowsing against a specific colour code system
it is my wish to visit you and for you to have, I hope, found the section that my research work spanning three
and a half years can be explained to and further worked on.
Over the time in question i have sent some papers to Porton Down and they have placed on their files, but I
am not sure that the importance of the discovery and its implications have been fully understood although I
suspect from that which I have matched into my findings, that certain sections may know of this, but may not
have realised that everything is linked.
From my findings which started by pure chance that religion, science, and the mystic mysteries of life are all
linked and that we seem to have been created with a mind computer working on 12 colours which have two
levels, the majarity ending in 9, being that which our own computers work on.
That the codes of colour match mind dowsing, soil stain dowsing and relate to Radionics, that the same
colours are used in many other applications, but not in the same code format, hence why I raise this with the
MOD.
It seems that by my chance discovery (as far as I am informed) of this specific colour code, that objects not
of our earth seem to have linked, or, it was their code that i discovered which they seem to acknowledge by
responses, not under my control and seem to wish to exchange information, but that the same codes also
The enciosed 230 odd page hand created report covers the tests, experiments, and co related findings to
which I have added others work that fits into the frame, over this time I have aiso sent my findings to
Cambridge and your MOD contac Section 40
a well known sceptic on such matters, but you cannot
hide the facts that not only do the Masonic leveis and Templar levels match these codes out every other sect
seem also to fit the codes, even the Round Table in Winchester Great Hall.
Some of the work directed to certain establishments seem within a very short time to have resulted in major
changes of scientific fact, and that much of what I have found also matches prior discoveries in science.
I wish to present the findings which start from the first earth settlements to where the forms come from, how
our history inter relates and the discovery of the alphabets, numbers and Atlantis code which equates to a
mind telephone system reaching any length.
This, I know must sound very odd but I have a feeling that the enclosed may be the most important set of
findings in respect as to the mass of what is enclosed.
The codes have been tested as I also, with certain others, were tested at the Natural History Museum
London and all three of us were 100% correct, I was also tested in Greece and my findings matched that
Section 40
PAGE!

===== PAGE 143 =====
{"alpha_words": 301, "chars": 1677, "method": "ocr", "page": 143, "variant": "plain-vision"}
which the local experts knew about. I was also trick tested by a local man his statement is enclosed. This
person has also been checking my findings and his main observation is how there seems to be a slow but
pointed line of discovery which seems to have a purpose and how this all started
I do not wish to tread on any toes, but you must understand that having found things, I cannot assume that
you know and I would not be doing my national duty If I did not point out to you the enclosed findings.
I would like a fixed contact for further findings to be directed to and to be able to explain how the things work
I am aware of certain statements people have made to me about such forms of research, but I have no
proved understanding that such statements have any basis, other than sects trying to keep secret as a
The project must be read and interacted with the colour charts which are the results of tests, missing
sections will undermine the reasons for my being able to discover this and you will also see certain facts re
stated as the parts are working papers, and not a book. Certain things observed may not be liked.
When you can take an entity to London on the train having fixed times and dates by mind dowsing to codes
to a meeting, ask the life form to sit in a seat and for others to find for themselves what is in the seat without
prior knowledge and for them to measure a living object in another dimension and for the message codes
and shapes to appear over world maps, something is going on and as far as i know, this is a life form in its
own dimension of our time wishing contact, and I am bringing this to you in PROJECT Y.
Section 40
Section 40
PAGE 2

===== PAGE 144 =====
{"alpha_words": 73, "chars": 343, "method": "ocr", "page": 144, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ae

Fe Seis ou e NE RE eee
Say SR eOL Lint a rE A a en eee ee te
SSSEPSEETESE nso ESET TD ee POE ota

SSE aS ae ee ee a ace acs
saris abSU TESTS

ae gate =e ae
fe - ¥ an range é wage oe : geese es
eo fer Bal
wf F f wg Pe * -
; oa fe ge wo aa a
ae. e ra - - ‘ "
ee Z wk. af if
sete tt sheeted ete et ane ARRAY ADT A tt
uamarhteds

eer UDA DCSE

===== PAGE 145 =====
{"alpha_words": 24, "chars": 127, "method": "ocr", "page": 145, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
“et

ee
vonaft

‘date

Fae Fea

haan ote

ce

, one Se
abe? paar 4
x af sy

Steg

ge

a

Us, .
ky
fs i

athe hs, -“ atict. HA

===== PAGE 146 =====
{"alpha_words": 3, "chars": 22, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 146, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ec
Papeerehireiae cy

===== PAGE 147 =====
{"alpha_words": 111, "chars": 530, "method": "ocr", "page": 147, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
TR ke ee nae ond Ok eo mermaid RRR ileal euareap erate =

wa

FR ome a tearm mr erga

™ Servis ei ettolnate AE Ee mn TE Te cate ot Lan
TRL Te AT may dem eas ova inhi ma er mate rriamar ne imamate tim are a alee ae

TOT ote Lem atten re anana amptabe Ne Hohe YF ee a - ? oe

at

wate

i
*
naan Rit

4d
2 te AT
ete

ean

“phi

Tee

we

ee eet

ac

‘

wll :
peer Bete. +
oy -

tn,

Yds am

RY aaa ane
oe ot oy Pah macy ooh ares of an te aoeptay *
oe saree pees BL AE
aa PRGA

the

th Sey YE tule Sepharose ;
1 A RN

aa 3

PET sree t

===== PAGE 148 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1280, "method": "ocr", "page": 148, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ei |
PSBER SS |
ae teeratgte
? # sped by
¢ : ,
# ,
ea
ARACEAE eect erates ‘

Nena weg ale Big cork se ay:

Petia a ete d wR AA ha Pee aE eg an ae ate ta ee cee en We IR

Aree abe Fait rae SETS ET ea

sore Mhgh act atin dre Wa sO Seo BE ACTED te Teh RAS

aba FAP RAMEN ad Majo A oha mad EASTER BAR COPSLATIU Sy PERE se PUD HE ante
fim,
aay. en,
: . ai 4
f ses

tite,

FE oN ES TE Pe og hA fo

rel ORR SEAT mg ata enn agus ign Tob add aH aN ie

ae auiak beg iid STAT

ggeecth TvOTTREE

ee.

"hee

cfons amethdy

“
Se,
ute

Serta

ayer neat MORAN etd aa Pectin cep cot tet te at Sea

ERS srt cens ints

saree
Seas to geese
af

ii peg ane as a ale RUT LER SUE Ft
cat ge lk all

ata
ws
Hise

_ greeted ide geen oma
a HE at ye =. ent :
tee Po ie sereaia rasan err eer
af
ii
a
Bs

sper iiiy,

fray
F

%.
ae

“ts, ;
a
img ae

rhe ae fet Pee

>
Og eee
{

la

wun rat 2 oat J
ro. “y ma ahh oa OB oy rks oe oF A oR.
oh of ad ae PP hf fee OW EEL BBE

=a ee ee oP be AHS ES ie
: oP ae fF PE Pe RP UE ge ae PSs #
Ltd gf AES F fe OS -
smabetc agent Re apart UE STH Re ge oanscen accep MEME MTUEE HENS
eens Bat aie ae are PEL it Paied & <!

PET Pe te yas

eS pert WRDRAp tr rue ad OT aL Mba

eet Ese as oatpasu tenn ee

Rte had
snth Renee a
SOT acer nt Soh eceraean este

"neancrgzpe go eat enol

===== PAGE 149 =====
{"alpha_words": 85, "chars": 572, "method": "ocr", "page": 149, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Corporate Affairs
Porton Down
Salisbury
Wilts
SP4 OJQ
Section 40
F
E Parliament@dsti.gov.uk
www.dstl.gov.uk
Dstl is part of the
Ministry of Defence
[dstl]
Section 40
Tunbridge Wells
Kent
Section 40
4 March 2005
Our ref: DSTL
/ Section 40
Your ref:
002/2005
Dear
Section 4U
Thank you for your letter dated 3 February 2005, also the press cutting from the Daily Mail
dated 2, Feb 2005.
We have read with interest and noted your observations and shall retain on our files for
future reference.
Yours sincerely,
Section 40
Secretariat and Corporate Goverance
Dstl Porton Down

===== PAGE 150 =====
{"alpha_words": 50, "chars": 360, "method": "ocr", "page": 150, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Corporate Affairs
Porton Down
Salisbury
Wilts
SP4 OJQ
Section 40
F
E Parliament@dsti.gov.uk
www.dsti.gov.uk
Dstl is part of the
Ministry of Defence
Section 40
[dstl|
Tunbridge Wells
Kent
Section 40
26 April 2005
Our ref: DSTISection 40
Your ref:
002/2005
Dear Section 40
month.
Yours sincerely.
Section 40
Secretariat and Corporate Governance
Dsti Porton Down

===== PAGE 151 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 291, "method": "ocr", "page": 151, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Corporate Affairs
Section 40
Tunbridge Wells
Kent
Section 40
11 May 2005
Your ref:
Dear
Section 40
Yours sincerely:
Section 40
Dstl Porton Down
Porton Down
Salisbury
Wilts
SP4 OJQ
T Section 40
E Parliament@dsti.gov.uk
www.dstl.gov.uk
Dsti is part of the
Ministry of Defence
(dstl]
/002/2005

===== PAGE 152 =====
{"alpha_words": 118, "chars": 828, "method": "ocr", "page": 152, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE
BRITISH
MUSEUM
luminating world cultures
Section 40
Tunbridge Wells
Kent
section 40
6 October 2003
Stones at Tunbridge Wells
Dear Section 40
relevant acquisitions from that region at any time.
of sites is not the responsibility of the British Museum.
Yours sincerely
Section 40
Section 40|
Carator of Bronze Age collections
email: Section @@ebritishmuseum.ac.uk
tel:Section 40
SITE DESTROYRO, NOTING MEGI
PRES VOLUME EXAMS STRAN
THAT
section 40
OF OVE OWN STES
Section 40
Capercent of Prehistory and Sory Surese
Temper: Section 40
Escrimil
prehstory @tres:
Great Russell Street
London WC18 3DG
Switchbaara Section 40
www.thebritishmuscum.ac.uk
Members of staff of the British
Museur cannot accapt liability
for opinions they inay express
an objects submitted for
identification or for information:
meer can they give vardoe

===== PAGE 153 =====
{"alpha_words": 14, "chars": 79, "method": "ocr", "page": 153, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AE 27 200
#. FEM/NP
KGB T0
YIL
nesle
AANES
KA DAR
PRENEU
NR ATANNS
20 7HE
ALAD

===== PAGE 154 =====
{"alpha_words": 457, "chars": 2708, "method": "ocr", "page": 154, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A DISCOVERY IN TIME AND SPACE
N
This compilation of experiences and dowsing tests, by a dowser that has psychic and biometric map dowsing
abilities which enables him to through his mind over a map of Australia, pick a field and dowse it for human
extend to the furthest parts of the universe, and through black holes into other globule sections and to map those
areas, in other words there is no limit to distance or to barriers, or to cloaking even virus can be detected, coded
or exploded forms.
The objects living or inorganic are mind coded into colour which can be used as a dowsing witness by measure,
or the colour codes can be further converted into numbers to make a row of numbers called radionics which is
also used as a witness for the dowsing signal.
Both the colours and the numbers will match soil stain samples, another dowsing system, but with that system
you have to have a sample of the obiect or substance, with this, the mind provides the code from its pre store of
information, its data bank, the store of all information since man started and also all the information from mans
creator, infused to start the system off, so in basic terms there is nothing that the human mind cannot provide
information wise apart from the information that the creator did not down load as we are not to know, and hither
to not discovered, to search for facts that are not within the system will burn the mind out as it would any
computer system. The human mind can also provide its own code of colour for a protection code and a close
The human mind / brain is an organic computer. This computer can also act as a telephone receiver and
transmitter by mind dowsing telepathy, to other objects that have the same understanding of the colour codes
within their brain system, some of these other life forms have also been created by our creator, and are within
This volume contains short parts about each discovery and on site hand drawings to help explain the findings,
many of the findings back up others discoveries and other dowsers work over decades, but all of this started for
40d
noticed his use of a small colour disk. I started to experiment with other colours and how they reacted to the
human mind having discovered that I could work with L rods Below is an example of the Mager colour disk and
the De La Warrs Radionics box..
Purple
safe lo drink;
north
list of rates
White
'holy' water;
north-west
Blue
silver;
north-cast
'wells for samples
rotatable magnet
black
poisonous;
Green
copper:
Grey
mildly polluted;
south-west
Yellow
suiphur;
south-east
'measurement' or 'vitality' dial
Red
south
stick-pad
on-off switches
rate-setting dials
20 Mager's colour disc
21 de la Warr's 'radionic box'

===== PAGE 155 =====
{"alpha_words": 243, "chars": 1274, "method": "ocr", "page": 155, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
mee

ne
z
#3
ty

rt

ae

id dey

& seh

be
ae Wy
eee Rm Of
Busy % BS

‘

ee
oe

2! meat
ae

Ear ent

gt et
Seas
perature
fgtee eae

i

poe

tte tes

e 48
oe
Fe Fa
4 SR
ve +
%e 1 r pe
rf ae
;
Bi
td
sd tatehtaky fed Seite sieht ica tak peta a a
sunnier SE es us
cee He UTE ; i ren ree rie Mec an arg
peer rareariny ee rrp Bachaltey Stctmario ERE a ges
Se ee
a see enen fe Sea a ; oS,
ns eae Se er
a
ae Cee
ieruuetlereteae:
— ce See
ig i ee selec idee tees, yy
ee ; oe OU wae
; ae Lom eee oy
‘oar y we Rashi rs,

apa ae
aoe

% 4 °
4 ate thd =
; % i w

rete oF rae a Hee
ee
ary

q He ins op Sra eras a ie
3 i. cer a ashe, Pa ioe ee a8 atti ; *
4 a "4h agit
; gre, wopee a H 4
x . i gh 7 "Ney _ 4% bad
£ bi at ‘, k coal AR cH
4 pag Fs thks “ha — } mise,
; OS ar ite | ~
3 te ee, “eae? ;
Z ac cal il A
my, | “od a _ % ra
an 5 % a : te
F Herat who 1 . : 3 iy, 4 pestareieipcey ee
ad *, te erin er
é : EAR mene
. F ‘ey subetree re etwtee
cae nck: a partes
oa 4 te Phares “ting a ae bis eee mates
? Eyecare

ee
See

ATURE
e
tech
teeth
Me
if

fee
Set
oft,
%
“we
ae

oe oe cs aoe oe

ee

?
f
te .
a ga HIS Cl ag EME 2A IE AEE ONSET A ote a OS PLM gf P

ee
eaten green
ea Sone,

Fee

Sy Mtn ma

ieee

Eee eee
eee

Sees
SOP ema tte Seaver

oath
weep eS EY

wit

as gt

f

fa

Be

Stroy?

===== PAGE 156 =====
{"alpha_words": 142, "chars": 902, "method": "ocr", "page": 156, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Cori
&

wth

i

a
iF

BY

aby

2

ov

ra

é

pg PAR .
wart ti ae
i : a
def get
dere mran dla enree om neem tty

L

&

Pt

é
prt

THESE:

covgeaiet
ae
“geet ra Eatin en NE TRS

a

her

Bd

i,
-

&

m 7 im es ape reayh

“org

@
a
z

“ab

¢

3

é

‘3

ad OY

a

=

faerel F

AEB PF gine
é

tbr erent ie ee

a

pte

wegecereTeeneyy

ad
ay

+

rs

ae a
a
eat

Oreany,
6
Pia ¥
ed
gfe

£
a
i

#
4

£
.

Me BS g, . oe

i

‘te
ify

ea

ry
if

Pd

ab A

iy

Fa

A

ae

a

el

br
al.

&,

*

ane Pee

if

Fa
v

#
fat

md

raat

i.

£68

ze

Se eotiaciee UBT

4
af

1

f

“a,
a
BE

&

&

L&T A

“

1
4

Bo

rr

fod @

tern naet oe
Bria poe

Se, fen vid
Heeler tence
| Hsia

see

oe

oa

eon i
ee:

Sau pea hea.

i

aes

vet Be

sg

fF,

“seg

or
&

&

if
a

fee

ra

&

a

#

én

eG

i

ght?

‘

Aare
h

i

Ri

Zz

1

ab
ote

seh
a

oy

Z
iF
he

t

es

“yf

a

¢

<
#

cue

Ley
ZF, er
mate

#5
af

sean
i
x“

i

#

===== PAGE 157 =====
{"alpha_words": 71, "chars": 345, "method": "ocr", "page": 157, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
SEI vageovl

Le
Z 2 tee for raf Fa
dtd oe Pt an re ered ff Bi

tEOR

Leet eped  ¢@
MARE ETURM Segoe tS for

een TT — TERE coe

fn
eer i f ra ae 7 yo pares fee a
eli AGE ESS ne ery Cengage cee ea he

sani

Mae — Cavse Abd
caine gpa tie A
oe ae

feo  fiisamrey : I Dena Chie oF 1 eg
Page. ge Peer eer Lear J sath: AE ESTO , EP Se Fbtee AUTRE Cay

===== PAGE 158 =====
{"alpha_words": 34, "chars": 176, "method": "ocr", "page": 158, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Ate

ee

La IG
PF Ou Ibe

o

‘oof

(pEeletivedd fo} a. f “Eg span biesteiote rt,

ar, Se aur Seley

ES
=
&
ae
=
vs.
4

af vel tir saccades? aa

Fate ee a a ee ee ee ae eee ver

===== PAGE 159 =====
{"alpha_words": 132, "chars": 681, "method": "ocr", "page": 159, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
a TT a ee . |
shag ie fies! gatas” is lat on maa o tM ea fot oes en ee
f ers OF he od dag sek afhgeetow Cae ch 6 IS SMe da FP oe Ty ‘
t ' Pt 2 a ai 4 . F “ |
fe 7 . ~ Ae 4 Sik ad wt ot ea, |
tad HE ri = Pa de eft \ oe i ge oe ra a age
¥ i |
Mt |
a * + f 4
CN eee ae i oo - on em nae
thet Flt & AA ia POEs ie \ )

A? aR. if aah Fa 5
.* ry) MB Attths  « bate pe

rs

(eo) sane hy |

a :

a ‘S reac,

ar iy P tte ; ; 7 oh ee . : Sse teopte umes eeewtena etary ongge cole wes pegs pap sates ieee
“4 i é gv # f ATL FS OTER a fding® — sey nas os en ee
od open A

& Ae lia ae m
: a - BOP LEEDS — F598
adie Mot Me GAR Enel uD ; or : 1

ay
aay +
agt af atl .
EES RF

aoe

Ute Pye

CBRE ET

===== PAGE 160 =====
{"alpha_words": 47, "chars": 225, "method": "ocr", "page": 160, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ad we a v bea ali, = ~ : “ oe
Lachey Lag ile ENTE oA ant re

her et oe ad ave
AS Gla! gang Fe bilge CG

|: f oe it ee - ee
FRESE RB yipteg gt BOOP Sb serpents

Ct Hey Batt! pio

Peel pe & es

Poet ve
,

ton

#6, secs ey eat’

===== PAGE 161 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 211, "method": "ocr", "page": 161, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Ppleek

EES whe

OP ote &

aa ft ¥
frtt$U geo
fig Ae evares
EWE EE I Pon

& the PADS OT ROG
fiely a beg

peas As

CU PTT ER LUTE tee
PRON Basak eh

Ene teins
CHAA

fT

(eee

EP ATT EH

Peter Ae game
Cte CE BON

===== PAGE 162 =====
{"alpha_words": 26, "chars": 149, "method": "ocr", "page": 162, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Lis of Ae huge

+ a P festa tebe fi, at i if ite
wé i Leeds eptose ita 3

spies ,
en

c

Taeepaty
ig ut

| a ESP Ae

ai

. in

(ie PR SIAR dts : -_

===== PAGE 163 =====
{"alpha_words": 193, "chars": 1149, "method": "ocr", "page": 163, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INTRODUCTION
Section 4 came to visit Tunbridge Wells with
Section 400 was formerly on the curator staff with
the Science Museum London to research a book on a historical matter, I took them on a walk around the town to
of Tunbridge Wells in about 1703 and I could not understand why building had at that time not been done both
sides of Buckingham Road.
dowse the site.
Little did we know what would be uncovered
Section Aered an arrow head burial a major discovery and
while I watched him do the dowsing I noticed him working with a colour disk and he explained that the colours
Later, as at timestwas an artist having a box full of acrylic paints I set about experimenting with the colours in a
why a tribe 8500 years ago had laid out a burial of 129 persons in an arrow head formation directed to
Wellington Rocks.
with colour little did I know what those colour had unearthed and why . Later when Sectiope 40wn to the town
It has become plain why this area was called Andred Weald in ancient times, and in relation to what we were
later to discover the wording related to Druid and Androiode and in view of the latest press information that the

===== PAGE 164 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 1654, "method": "ocr", "page": 164, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE GROVE 1703/2003
Tunbridge Wells.
Major Fellding being short of money tried to trick a local widow Mrs Deleal into marriage and asked
Mrs Deleals hairdresser for assistance in the plot, but another lady Mary Wordsworth was introduced
to Beau Foilding who was himself tricked into marriage to the wrong lady on 9/11/1705. At the same
The Matter came to court and Fellding was sent to Newgate, also for maltreating poth of the ladles,
The Grove lands had been in trust during the latter years some leases had been sold of such as
South Grove House, Middle Grove House, and North Grove House, the land between the Grove and
Grove Hill Road were meadow lands, the Grove was left in trust for the citizens of Tunbridge Wells,
Fellding died 12/5/1712 aae 61.
My own family research ( The Ellis Family), links to Beau Feilding via Barbara Villiers who had
married prior Sir Roger Palmer, later created Ear of Castlemain by King Charles second in
recognition that Barbara had been the Kings mistress by whom he had a son, the Earl Of
Chesterfield, Sir Roger had firstly married an ancestor, one of the four daughters of Thomas Ellis
based in treland where the family links to Tichboume, Rochdale, and Viscounts Cliiden through state
employments, what is interesting that the family tree further back in 1471 links another Thomas Ellis
to Anne Calveriey daughter of Walter Calveriey which rather links the name to other parts of present
There is no doubt that the Grove links to the Buckingham name and although major Failding is said
to have been self styled Earl Of Buckingham, his brother in law was Robert Villiers whos son John
was 9" Earl Of Buckingham.

===== PAGE 165 =====
{"alpha_words": 189, "chars": 1213, "method": "ocr", "page": 165, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OBIELUAROM BY LORD DOWDINT CINE
FITTOE COMAND
1940
FoX #А 777299 800 1957
DONDANE OASTEO A THA IUTODUCTE E RADAL
e 7/8/5
¡Big saleg cet. I½ Der takle
trust fresh s choose s till yse sf ione books
Es stence ef aceures o bay ond questión
Yens of täutenetis of sightinfe.
Piato pofte in cer y en grosened
Pursuect ins der ing fägtters.
1 Pais-in it tst. l'ept Prantele.
Iretud ii Ridr esqo00 s$i.
(stimulil serds : um nigten
Poht Vfieg Feress incienled fy
Fas comil testie o f tit tin
Mae. d c tor Aita deo tonalo
HeyRse.
ull infomuton Erm 11 m:AF Soureaß.
Con prasetivaly litta in pormation ebont.
Le ofita ssto mm eleim to tinse ma de
ad it es rente t.
Rutenech intinatil in digktige- bust
interactéd in iertache. Feu claines.
I frous detiid of ouly abrut y, 200 Imror
Sam trying to fel fom U.J.
oney bulin 4 no. Olden ehe Denil $ig.
Cobis Wingham. Fetisang Rampra
threy the best. Anuities fer trove cases
fosferie
I peléere éten to he lia Litar 18el
ere de suet iu advene of inte
y nation
caul d tesine eut forese nt.
Acceleration. Heping colet tirifié afechs.
Putehadg toering. Eight foliesenence.
Discount pegehie s titifrackie
Buca
Gost: altrufts to
stend public.
Co ter fęą
FORTRA
COMAANO
AATTA DF GRIJAN
STÆ

===== PAGE 166 =====
{"alpha_words": 53, "chars": 361, "method": "ocr", "page": 166, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(3-1
our silly belior e flasations.
Papare is nobblea!
portien
Finitess pauser at reo cart.
Veatid intereste Atten to sticare.
Carl oi Elitricy.
Stamendous infortende.
riligion, etice i morality fom cantict
vit di more devaled of our visitarE.
Tottieles Big fatene Che Pagane
proteitip di fonte Fen banca -
sta faut a indi fore.
Redect d F.S, baulk imam curdef

===== PAGE 167 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 501, "method": "ocr", "page": 167, "variant": "plain-vision"}
me Bester
HESSAUR
GAIS Y
Just JOna
care
CIRCLES
DURING
MARCH A
70
1815 A Auous
3X18 = 542L 29
44X18 X181.22÷6=12
5x15 2-9076 =15
541= 8
MAN
5x72 = 360°
• 4790 = 366
MAGNETIC VAR
36 5
- 3600
2 x16 = 24 16
3 × 18 2 54 7-îŚ
4x1 = n≤ n
21 = 6. 481 = 4+5
Tam HE
REE MI Янь
Кна пол Кані.
Nina
UNIT B
Berto un 63
HERE ScAl
ПИТАВ 12
OtIN
281
Aeron
= 574<20
+ON7H5.U151T
GNS
20
14
52
72
216 - (g
473= 1Řî
COON LEI WITT CODR 46
→4+3
RESULTES IN
CIDE L3
• CODE S1
26452 = 11232 9
SEE GROVE MAD AND HELY GER HAPS

===== PAGE 168 =====
{"alpha_words": 155, "chars": 948, "method": "ocr", "page": 168, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
1:80 90 00G

ee a

y
iter eeeemn tne

. : av,
as “e eee tee
ya an ema tne mre

Cae CHIN Soy

\

MARNIE freer, i Seen
ey a ee neg ae
Lahore ey tbet sw Cw eagiul

thoi ay
® OWirAgeh’ ines
eee LUE E

- hat

aa

ae

ee Es a “
Wt “Yo oo) ER
BC be

C

arach

oO ta
GaP rlitce ah “Te
Kidestan Qemlage- San’ fud

+
AE pat pele ata
ers

AMES
a. | GUATEM CEA!
Guaremilagy
“Stn Sabradariany ~

“ ELSALVAbOR
Manggud-@,

a: Ruatar

i:

ire setae gs cele tS

6
d

Mato Grosso}

GASCAR

io de Janeira

. . : . ; . } , f " “ a , . | . .. E o rr fam tf 7 ft 7 | ; at hore , . a . By fs ite 7 . , 3 = LHCAS tt SaenTs |

ques F :
PeMwsicys Tart

ns Te
CESS Soe et Pep HE Og ut

ee Te

Oo (en os | ( aX A A Poentte AIF E Fate J > Cente ciety.

Projection : Honmmer Equel Areg

WP A SOM,

£2 -. a . nae ame, il * VOY RH Y Gaonaeex
COS) SMetiats By THE atipee Lezr Ar 78 kody Jet: re

2

+ Hit Be sere: henna
a 8 Fieet J tbat oa ;
© FESS gt TAS
aly
: AP Stl Fe gt rere

===== PAGE 169 =====
{"alpha_words": 146, "chars": 856, "method": "ocr", "page": 169, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
zt AAA aes

-
Pie DUA Wa

~
Bae
fe

Nye erate

Slerned
is

Move} ib

- saat Baste
Souctarke ce ea. :

a, 1
Eta inieiel
bear one

ae, bac.
cS Sigekng ns +75

wae aatatere

few York
penatcs pha oe
Fitimare. ” .
insten:

‘icv gackiow oo

rat WAN.

A rae BIA,

estas stat SAiteiuna} zy i re
- Guatemala
San Sahadar ay? peatugains ; Andie So ge,
SAL, Wabi ad aren iH oe as oo4 Meee oa, ' ' a Og Ee anal * ; SEO on ' . renee z ae fla. . n Mr nits “
“managers : : an SEU a Oe : : Oop A, : rn ! a Eee ne ee: i sr oan 4 Phan: ‘Bho Ho
ae  stnaticn - . : . oo -

Cariadean §

s ; ; iy.
wen Eee
ce Scie f

Ni ee ata

, Heirs “eg

SASHHIA. f
° sme OPED "
Sa07} Pallas soi wee ie Des MEM Raliphicns Ze oe j
—" ws Pe 1FReTE a 7 : ; 2 of “ail es “2 rong
: td john wurtsbaing i

Se

sataey Gh one
“isis

Tar ig at
Mh rks ike Miele

1 Pat, Sdiwared
Thoth dees)

lgahon AES

===== PAGE 170 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2136, "method": "ocr", "page": 170, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
So gy bousre
AD ee eet

oe ENGLAND

° Oversercad
3, Mundeslay
AN

SOUTH AND SOUTH-EZ

a sirle
nase

Coie

Wintercan

te

Yarmourn
on

fo og tf pe en
ASO PSs lar
;

oe

Nessingland

pbatham

race pee <<
hes S Sorc eye:
4 r

wee Southwold
if FWoiberswick

: ie
ig. ei ke

“3 St Suaferd wre an,
% fe SDS ror ig

Natrmaers Gambri bridges:

3
ba

war etn

Co yi date i

af Cardinge on.

io

ag} ac
cheney againt
. i anaes
oa t an
: i "King hs : Serpette
ain reo ee A (Mer eee: ie

i “—svobRin Sands ~
x
( eee i
wae say ; "Buzzard ‘ oe :
OF eae ings * 3 Stars Med « wo 5 chesters
he 2 Aypuineh fischer NaS

an epee EL fe! aes ret Fakelé or
mos Gee Moon Aa a “te wae es om :
pi PENG on exe Ystre Mat Shipe ee Poh '
‘ ae, ay Maghees !
: vig radieoilbe at 9 Of OS Geld eee ea :

: Sed ets ‘S Wieser se : 3 wills ; : meets aE Ty Td ee wee i

UT: euntan eee x oo : pa sie BEY Less :

Hy. ; : Bradwell on Sea

I

i

i

i

ranSex
Hay
j

: j

|

+ q

: i

erness i

Gy} Tat Minscer i ;

Sh hepPay eS Leysdown eton |
‘an Sea, cane
Easechurch | Herne _Recuyer icant ryate

oa des) a a Net th Foreland
os Nye wiiniéeeable Sot e Eke Wane me Broadstairs
Sicohgbou Unie 4 SS

weet
TSea fe

“ if

oe

ia}
Chonnes sion iy

ote 0 B PG dg Waker ke ee ’ ES Si f aox eee see es
ee alate ples aLianior sioner: Theos ATSYARGI Pane 2 Pee +

> Piebe igh oat ha grees ergens * CRRtErD am S aell B.

S SSevensaksy aise i

;; onal : * " '

oo ee hese tt oO Gantt : . boty SSubbeien “: i

ah Orhiechuarch os Farad aki. anaes (erin omen = ort aee Not wremen or

Teme MB Frid vite . : cee ae any i

Beclegocs a ee : fo: ;

Pelee oa :

ig, :

Me .

Oymehure. .
rhe rerarteernnnanes ne ee

SEES ey Roraney - -
. ti
Fy ittiestore or

Pe vit bag

Nan “o
a —
ane * Bithos's

rie eal
r tot
Myars Stor
¥
“
Pat :
Ls
a
Yr :
cm
Ses hom -
‘Bog The a oe
Regis é
Recess Nelen _
i‘ TT Migborsauey:
mouth eet . ~ we
. ae > ”
ee oe Ed, att. ore
* nd Set ia

Lariat D at atric RL cei ad weet bereet pete 3 eon
: STRESS omar ciate etic net ree mie se ioes eget deren tpg ped ect on mee
Ain tmtoa! Geukn das now iaat an ieiaeahs artista eae oa rtascan go Rc Rise REE A ae pe a AEE PRE NP a

===== PAGE 171 =====
{"alpha_words": 311, "chars": 1846, "method": "ocr", "page": 171, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ia,
| AFT ie,

x ws
2 wey.

are
ae a

eee

Fata

ante
" sae fer etal .
eel atte feat EEE fel

it nef eye
Segui,
' osbaty Woters |
am rt 4

Maromgion  €. van
i. seiiemen

Waite

ne
rae

ite
‘

at,

. Poved? Cree i m0
ne Rene! op erigs PO : ae ae a fo
fee ; : . chet hoe fora ly aa
tot i nuaet “+ Peres errs z . 7
dem Lethe 35 af Cepitas ?

Forsayente 4

es

Dampier!

“

+
Dn

1 a

aan JOR eS yo yo
£ at a .
Avon is
Pet,

Sera

{

a

i

Hy

. 3 ia R ; aan i pM ot ainocweal
é . a the tone — : cose FA R | ? —
: . * . ™ x wer?" oa H ov vie 2
* nfs F Pigs ern - pe ake Mount legion. , : ee Cari en

/haregory 5 Kilts ofne Granites - i “ NER th Ponttang tent. ieteresy

Fy : Bi Smeg “ 1 ~

4

% Wodeieee!

as - ; "
oe pe TUG Seared es pa
£ a Sil ee Cees

3 ge
S-Datarra?

oper
. gt Se bet
i tyne Wey

é

i ogee
wa ge . 7
, So Sain
ve ae wege woe :
Nee EE 4 rs a . "Neac or dl
‘wa Ce Sheen BY Ee ORmares 8p
Amend | wes reas)

ay AB
heat Sr :

Eee tc i. ae

: ; sh fle ied ee
vs ; oA, ae: wT
B onies athe

LOSE gprancihBly

eck ORAS! :
tives! wre

Peto e Ne bd

Aa ii afer

perils

ooh nt Hare ttre eee! wi Tana ers eats
EB KR a L. Amadeus er os i
i 8 I my Gigs, , ayers Rack iador Gig f 5
1 a . Py i
i 6 ' ° ‘ “* a ™ :
i . z By parents oe :
at it ¢ ro ay : Rakes Pee on :
(700k a yh ra a. k woe ant ye AMarebore ue :
jet t LER iets Persp i
‘ x TOP eS
L_céfundg . & ; ea
+ ow oT Hi
ot G tee
2 iz COATT reaps
may Cyr of r
e A
z. Maralings : ;
Ha eres ff og) be. Gad Ae sid ars ™ -
: BRE ete 1 ones? et gaye _
: : ‘as vale sa feler . : “7 fhe a : ° ; ¥ ; ene oil : Or cos mf c sforiane, apace” = ™ :
BencgDDh | epee oat Ss ROWAN : oe et ; ern <a : 7 ORS fo US Chorad os . “
fae, vos Hi fe . . a : : : " yy ay ibe ptt ae * 1 wy EEN - * ~. te
io OES tne Sak ~ a Gt nk Nex; amtnas Cy o :
Bae Ve of sPetarbarough Uh
Rafierkerria Oe er sstawe co
adine - . oi

===== PAGE 172 =====
{"alpha_words": 48, "chars": 270, "method": "ocr", "page": 172, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
SATIDG USE 33

ae x a me on
Sherman 9
rf ;

‘

: sey
ay POV irr Ge
1. 4

Ee ita Madre
le

Leth

CGuesavet |

= oy - Se
Lr dt OE 1
wd Sania Maney

¢ Oe
AES Ty
ail

a
f

f
iménez
t

Mazarlan's

Selniaal

ae Mouth

a

at OF, Tt

. peg fie Ti ag Bes cotta
_d pense EIT
eee

===== PAGE 173 =====
{"alpha_words": 180, "chars": 1036, "method": "ocr", "page": 173, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
E AMTILLES

~ Provide ENSS.,

‘ Snares
: Create oye
- Exumat Bash

. * baabang ASE
fag fh mage”
7

“Seles a OG:

‘islands
CBr.)
tet”

fun NA te Se eB ‘ a a “ae on , Reuters oe . : By ee

=a Rebiana Nica: ee eer,

Bae Oe Gn PONE Se" we <Barchslerey

é cae aria’ Up : i a net a Pe Cy : 7 Pe ned tec .
sons: a

ESetan

cageat rite 5
ea (Met ch. ,
: Y Basserarre «| ae

ta

7 aig oa
td

AS

6 -
: “aaa set napenB
* a Seng Crt a
wen

roeas HE

a - “hacked Ry Be SERA ry hE peed ee nag Fake eer
fan /' ntedg ee RWSL
A ad aN variant
~ Gra ange Maur ee
tes Saintes ‘

“Sing Py fe. sng
Bat. Fat eed ne a0 ey | T. ae Ls one i
“Thee Coa _ —— eres pf ly ed : Pea, .
“Pusrio Caberd
ee ray oo H
are ae we NALOS. ; :

Porayien “3
3. Los FRoques a ve aan be CO ” “(ven } : i A

Santa: 7 Se Ce RAF. . r "
DAMAN Nar gS wer og Sai es . carer gt : o nn a ae ete RS LY Eenrg ESPARYS

: a Golf de Pari ic ,
A "a OO ; rm

Oe Ore Sire Mouth
‘ ae

_ ee wana ca "orhueyaak

or BPEMO

SGeTSIGHT, GEOHGE FHL a Sou, LTD.

: . F: Re
ffs

wot ior te “orn 1

plete 4

===== PAGE 174 =====
{"alpha_words": 805, "chars": 4369, "method": "ocr", "page": 174, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
White

£ Se,

“ago rey S74

a pe Bayh”
riff mosesage
3 HONE pes!

AM GSAS gS

i

mL
Nd
a
nw?

eg iesase eS rr - mm :
PRAY] :
ASHES UOCLID y :

Pen SUA]

: nse G

YoS¢ puapuoy

4 GUSLECUn af

ee pret
a a

angen ens

hoy Pah 1

ay ce

rods, Mana Pe

apeIs OMINS UC | ing Otuys Wane 4
a 4
spumarsey | Gis ; z pen FL
YWOLRANIGIS | Rail e
: FULSDOLF nyse phi eee it ON AIUD ;
Sygnrouneit a ‘a a

7 a
a3 ; ra - : 1

on Sao: 3 i

mh res n. lemma *

‘Gua

|

ae AD nancss 1 ee ero ve 7. . - “4 eel "s. , ad of a : : i ie aH

“dames "ae os : Are oe ; bh satlinioGs ai é ‘s a DD! Lowy an i
one ive . ROGAUaEIS S, ‘ ite ASgUIeS! | . oyein i
ss ie eRe | sf) HL Se yaa BAyascpy | are a “Aes
Qruatiny SguOINDT, LOSER, ot aiassay ft
\ bait OMe a il Os ‘ 75, BORO} . STUNT Yj 2

i » fi here

Wasa iow aubyonyll ay / -

men

rte! ysasps ang fer

4 vite

oN v ! ‘ 2 Hey de adie Oe Rpt io ae a ; ced na
tons ia uh ‘ HP Ae ba fOLKE 7) HAUS , ,
aguanniel ‘ ts, nie
; t

'sianuay: By,

ayliqsinays

: i ta! LAG DUCE wu m
“Ws N a) ‘asast igpdecerl ee ‘ iM : i poset
Cos 2B. | Lage suit on wi G6 BHG GL AP
Godan HUG ae ih t ge nAtOny aloo Way i m OA Bhd
af be Ae
We | OUST. ays uf ep. Jah
Mh ak HA ek *” apiaaye po JOLLA Ye
: dors ay” ; ‘ Pan ae a 1209,
43 5 oe rae ais re ery ; 4 -
art
Pe “es
HES jot ‘soi

hy 3
” vy ssn A

Wage

iat

Cy Re
; (OHS ii,

Gasiouso
nf BEES

ithe AIO} 1

ae,

aake

srs ;
Pe Se ud)
PIENOT ¢ yeu

35 Bie 5 i9
if H ies fa a . yy aa iy eons ee . 3 ' 7 my
rs i . ws " : 4,

‘i Lge SGa B54 a3

i: | iM bs
age Peat) -soEds,,

aia) -.
caer A a

wt he
+

poe ey ch AA . : Bf
Samah uae aw pooaguanp 45*
reales tecels 407 7 ae yt
ACY a : a
: ATHY :
, poo] afr) 2g i suid”

: 4 fagas a :
“A wage, pu it oy

AYAG sabe A ; ets a ‘
oe : MEAMITS

aifi AL ups ‘iy eats une Loy Uh Syabsn gis H wh,

ALP ASOUL RSG Nt ion
i Pa ep IA WeyS ES

Se i vero 40M" 2 iep9C AG ' ae
re 4 Bn fit DPN AE tale ae isles

era Biapel Nee Uae ef, ROBE At
of i a) reed corer eat A ee &

BAA... if ae

SopHipoyy
i i ppyosity—g
UD aoa

An wer tne

Cpe ti DI eI
hg pai fe fia
odd? fs

esz ft
eA).

mera

a ‘sameeren

eos ing

c ie

ene ra
2 Lie et an

Ten yey

- ~ $i pgy
i a SY La Cy

ons

AY ils)
Stiuasoule cree sf ¢*
ar?

“oat 1 ,

Ae yy pus
i Aaa

al

we Wee
ee AS.

USE AY

liggeog Sou Ga

iia P

AOEPULA vine '
“ renee tiis ae FICS ADR ale cet 6 erg seen
: ad RINT ZEEE DUE
“ae a as ra = i UL me i bso sy NOE po De Hy sat PO"
. aN) ; arALt 7 : “ } Gye a
m wer ppyy a IEgYS at hd jes ‘y Mity Ps SOx sat Apoy
ait i m ns £ tal PUSG tro ye : wy io. EMA, oa
genet Aya Gop een a ‘ SA eRer A Mnimceen tc 1 vy
saisu w » hte LORE 7702 OAD ,
{3 Froth ary! sis ; 1 i ours eet i get
sorUiHs SES AUD STC ae . pty Su » oot *ATLD IDO hd! samo nl AS nee
bid Aukett Spon Ay ee eee Tl i‘ “i i ; ar) Viens ae |
wae? 3° oh O} agg “e ae oie BED 4A “posiaalis yw! EDT W AAS Hy mech A f5" 4 Sy!
Fe an ee ne a ged ak ene: mgPHOrspooy ee VSOgR ALITY Ag. eats tng of
wen CT AS aah Py Ot ae ae ae vite vad i oo Se bn bo | fae (ed NE HEY
Ww sen ‘orf fa. ee Quo apno Se (EA Soe i. 4 . ( “a Le wen AS . volindsa,: eguDpa ‘inton sons hou
. a : Myf ae Si i 4 . ee ee a , Be a MOAR
a jheiss res s eed SLOTS YL A \ i ue Ga ry, Py : i a weed iy PCN CAA
| a eee! woe EAA Cy seks, Spaursee 32 af PMSEY } \ aavog wanjos
ie, et oo, ~ 4 ait read att SEL Mos 3
einer 3 SSP Re ALPS Seendsry PES Jelees orn yan gf _ Wuadiiag, ta
} j a ° af PaO aa 2u0 ug ay .e i. a uedLagays f “A ‘, Boek ng pads
é a ee] TLRA 8 Cd ye a me, ;
— af ‘2 wu HEE, om Lo — ;

ay

“EO ah

. By oad .
“ ie pau. is SoBe”
ae me ~ cc “he vi - an bu ois
sean BOG: OF Oy ABpH ag 7 Ni ‘oti . bala
i ee \pe oF UPD) ‘ pie may Pe STE
net apy P dns’ 7 wert RUD B) fu
= aT ae : . 4
Soe by, Vode pun 10S uD MODY ; ‘yu Rib sy suo . PS
dt : Fr ene Lge ; me af Sy
ae wit ee ag Pua? HAA | . we tp ad i AOD Fy f 2) fueo aa
oe 3 | “hog >} = . wo BPO, Ag HORM cae, fet Biuaog Ne os
- a t } ct ae im 5 Me
4" » ample ery | Sut one

wed zy iy .
oy : — ra
Pi i C1
sao, i 7 Lf uit a
iP e ‘oh, THY’ tft * F :
eee, Pe ea yO
: wi Lggeu seer many
speie) oidh he
eee ye d .

AN.

aaial ie
BISpE ae oe
wees Reus

aes yd ys . i rN a re
mht a rp LE POrsD o 7 i). now, ee

aa + wot a noid vanplngys |
«ps ; aN my HA SE 4 Lap AMAT, Say | ad, PIOIUDLY og
te 2 ran ony {LAr fi A Bek SE om Td Ree aAM ay | if LS : :
Ray ‘peuoqe 3} ri a eee ’ AY J0G30L} doxfdler > be f ;
st spp La A pagSsyy] Sap \ 4q

===== PAGE 175 =====
{"alpha_words": 130, "chars": 766, "method": "ocr", "page": 175, "variant": "plain-vision"}
261-06
Section
40
Dear
This to
I found you demonstration of dowsing with the thee rock
Fample doesa moning and the is d you colt
ported to it wale for a diploy band it has
I was so glad that you were happy for me to
play the Dearl's Advocate towards the end, worth my
samples of materials in glass and plastic containers
told how mony did so contain) and that the the! di?
the Glass and plastic, which were acting to
resist
identifying the contents, was fascinating.
It would be valuable to do more wideepteed
experiments in this,
to avoid the possibility of
than the in le somewhat limit ordels, obtaine)
You are of course welcome to show this note
to anyone you wron
All the very
best.
Section 40
DRANI AI
Corne CoDa
Section 40
Section 40
70102003 1316
A /000 002

===== PAGE 176 =====
{"alpha_words": 64, "chars": 360, "method": "ocr", "page": 176, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
gi leion nb eras eter cas

ae

Sey

“aD

PES

ona

steht ae

Seana

La!
EL

st?

eRe

TE

a

at

eta

a

att
eae

x

4
ra

ee

ah .s

SURES

apeinastay,

if

re

cane route wan hh OTR Sea, HESITATE COE ree

Fy
t

Pe at ep
: i?
i "Saree aes oe peapenee,euettricty epeie 2 '
- By re

af

tata

Secret

btw pee Pie oe

+

F ge rihtiy hivtnedé Accel rpteanttss dP

===== PAGE 177 =====
{"alpha_words": 14, "chars": 68, "method": "ocr", "page": 177, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
eat penis
eee
ae
et

ae

tthe.
So
nets
ercetia Nes
Sys

ner Siciee

===== PAGE 178 =====
{"alpha_words": 6, "chars": 32, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 178, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
MIO WHEN HAZ PARDON
opro a7za12

===== PAGE 179 =====
{"alpha_words": 22, "chars": 105, "method": "ocr", "page": 179, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
je ow gee ee
ae

aan *
OM nt te

aye
Pato.
tgs
re

se

i

|
Ne

a
+
*

pf rent ey

SE peered et iercacg

===== PAGE 180 =====
{"alpha_words": 55, "chars": 357, "method": "ocr", "page": 180, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Housin
PERILY
X ORIN
BEL
CROVA
• GARDEN
NOT
HOMAN
NETH YOU CANNY DEWSK
AN EACH GRAVA
FUNGBIOGR WELLS
HENDS
6 GRAVES
O11500 Yards
FROM DISA 25 DIA FOUND ON
IN CALUKELY GROUNTS
GENR
SOME MAY.
Pares ming mass carte
FRom at of
722
6 1 17277
BUT NOT
BEn Are y
w86l... 09619
SILVER
SIGUER
GROUN
easo
CARE)
PRANCE
AIDE In
Yäsion
NEER
22 82
I AM FDA CO
1 22 22 2A2

===== PAGE 181 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 386, "method": "ocr", "page": 181, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GD SE
D051%
1751 AN 22002190 22
MT BELINF IF
Gn2 s TH DANT Wy Te AN ThE Te
LEy LINE
SOTHERLAND
RE BEAD
Latri ins planęŚ
=40>
150%
ROUE
ANOIS
ARANY HEAD
BURINE
PT D FONTED OUT
BY KENT EiCELA SOCIEm GEO
ArcE AEE ieS CONA
I ARENTEZ DIEETL
PEL d NEN TRE MAN HEN)
BeReste TH ACD Id Beo Bilt
I BIRd CALe Witat
As cere iM ga engi
PA RESS TIMME JO YERe
TEE AAIEN CODE GENERM
983,6,4,13 5
=C084

===== PAGE 182 =====
{"alpha_words": 18, "chars": 126, "method": "ocr", "page": 182, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VETE NE
CALVERLEY GRONA
1867 OS MAC
1810 825
IRID
$393
AREA
REsour 1970/1..
DOLMAN:
Also SHous
AS CRASAD
PRET STONE AREN
BUSS

===== PAGE 183 =====
{"alpha_words": 128, "chars": 980, "method": "ocr", "page": 183, "variant": "plain-vision"}
71₴
Krasti
All parks, play areas and sports grounds included in this leaflet are shown on the map, just look for the appropriate red refererence number
THE C
TUNNER LINKED
3 DIsks
And there's more...
18/31
18/9, 18/11 = MAN
UP TO PENTAS
4:50
Ạ¿$T L FROM AN EVENT
PERTH 3, H, S 11L
0/1200-- 11503
Yene Ato.
The town's parks, sports grounds and allotment sites are managed by the
Council's Leisure Services department. The service provides many different
leisure, sports and arts facilities and opportunities across the Borough. Just
B$: CONTENTS OF ASS SHOES A
FO RANT DIETe D A
9 E DIA 2 con for one!
ASSEMBLY HALL
Box Office
Tel. 01892 530613
Tunbridge Wells
Sports &
Indoor fennis
Centre
Tel. 01892 540744
Cranbrook
Tel. 01580 710720
ALIAN CREMITIONS
= a FUNNEL LINKS TO
TIE sALEłą
15 07122 5
GOALEX SAHE
SITES AROUND WORLD.
PUTLANDS
Sports & Leisure
PENDAS
Paddock Wood
Tel. 01892 838290
The Council afso support
EVEN TODAY
CRANBROOK
MUSEUM
Tel. 01892 554171
Tel. 01580 715542

===== PAGE 184 =====
{"alpha_words": 61, "chars": 422, "method": "ocr", "page": 184, "variant": "plain-vision"}
≤T"
PENCI
THO ITEM
THE ANCIENT CIT,
ELMO-SBG
POPURATION O
PENAS
WOOD
PARK
008 43
MAP ISA
DRUIA
FERT
C 35P45 DEARął
QUER CHAT NEA IN THO
ORGA
( 8-508)
Romi
Tuna
TEMILA SITES
125 en
MITE IEDHH
ANFO SUR'
PRAT
AREA O
→ 19605
APRE 1930
DASIGN OF
ORIGNEL
CONCEPS
OFFXAV
LEADES LIUF
ORIGANTI
Ланг
FOR TUNNES
NOT DINE
UNDALORO UND
CITY SITE
143000
CONSTRUCTION
RE ADJUTHA
©
Section 40
DEUL
A BERN PE SUASGO NA 24.308 )
NAVAL USSO

===== PAGE 185 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 2727, "method": "ocr", "page": 185, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ty

u
i
.

ca ete

Loe
aera

ee

ae ce te a eth pm

amg

a

Es

. eo a

pe . oe
os —_
a
&
1
4
4
‘
S,
oa
we te eee mee ermal mem ree
Mea
ee
ee
Peay

WQS TO
Beyeiog
Hp

ne

Mnaria we pmieretatens: somite Caegy attest

eres

~

. Y Aaeyor
RTS

' been FETED Rag Ra
| El ; s
Ser) CS
rie ae

Perret ra
ca eae ie

aa

Lio Heneeben

Ly z
a

al
awe

agin mepung

papdnosy.

04

m 4

Speed C

aL

“word? uady
BBR GH DS ns
et epee g 5

ote

ADRS
Aaeintia
es swf Fe
ti HY. i

BOA nos PMO LPR: P:
biipliquag ie Ss ACY

7

a ,

oo,

’ wl ieee srasiaitdaidiahidaalariadaiiemae ate

Ee ee ne SR A EN RA Tt tart oy

tytn 7

Baie
INAH |

“ Van MERE edn oa
\E\ copmig shou

a MO

2 ANTS seer Eb

? i Mee SS are
“ad Pipsthe whe .
TE UNE CN mie

ot. ei. es.

me é
“a?
By

heed
Wm Bites oe, 3 . ”!
aoiaRNS
* . GFELOH | t
WP HOVE:

tt te
Fy
f

AGUAS
qomeuE)y FF

ARABS BPE,

nage Boag

omit

aria ii

SALE BL

eS
fate
is
hs

a tif
a
Po
B
%

“RET

w
bed
#
a
aha |
He,

ha ee ny
a
. 7 va a . a
nate
Bot
3
Ff

f

LoS hets
Lg AP Waa...

Ua g saeeg)
7 Jeo Vig anaes. ¥ wf; i
poengy Au Ef bY fi :

ne : nas
Pane ee z
aan SHOU Aygo fk I
enn OS a WG < lal

fOCe Tiinip ae Fou

maul nae at
ae a oN, off

OTR a |] F eos eee,

i pene

‘ Pol
Tmt te emt

HAD EE AB]

Sa. — ate crate? g SaaRe | fb
os Pure 7 SHEA ABE fispe cot CUE AS %. oe) Where Fes
pe we a ie 1

* . Sdotamiag |! : .
AYbPah OO SRL

B ra —— :
-
“Eine
ate
ee
ee v
r ew /

Bel i
5 rr iin
Cate pa aE : J +.
lewd . Be 4 ae
ts re at
eo
As :
yey et”
i
i
i

“OTP urea.

+

oe

FOULS Seo
om

RA WEP

aa a Pope Oc 2 cas

aan ae

Ta ~e

“ a Sn

ff

a od , seprer t BE ate ; : is ae sant
ON NES Eoin ih MIO = Be i oe me SEE. a
De} Aaliows ats  t . sichren a Pes ea! on
i Se i eto GUoSNaa ee EON ; oy A, MEO PATHS ; ° ‘o a SP HEND Pcio ae |
- oo TN an moan EP ne “one th aan oe n ag FF rags its T rie. ; i MAS MeL ota j
cain ar een “ee y hivaig BS wey: noes . pda r SEE i
me Stet tage pg ice ¥ Lag yy Ur ee foi. Ste i ™ an |
PUNE Oe EP Ler cesisananicical OM : on ee EA of ee in th E,
- en So ER ee Yay aver Aerie
ee OO LO Se Low {Atpanaesy nO.
oe f ogi aoa fies PEAlsopY KSAT
Pa PS pond ; ™“ Wud piggy
ats, Deed /# i
Tp SE #
Ch Oars :
Le Sn” ef |
>: <8 ITY {
REPRMAMG i

A i Ae A

ya a peat
A

ae
a vu
iT:

3 eyes ores [ee
MERA OMA ARE):

¥ 3 i,
eee fig .

nl iinet f willl tere 2) 5gt

a See Pt

eer SH

+
‘ o., ”
RO 1G
Vylayy, Fbppidury,

1 EtAOEy my

4: ms 7 Bway
eee ies
Wa Vee

t ap ae 3
+

JC ETTY ~

pele

NRMOG “YS Seen.
aud

* He DPF)
/ P ea sore

ay
ef wo

Z an ae r ‘

[Sp yi : hee

MRT OE reed ee Pomme ai a
S! f Tce ian Cee a ee Pee ET EST AL
_ \Y *s : “ :

: arene _, i ao sa s
a a oe . ~

aan a CEE Vi ve Wo joeuse ‘y
Tegel / Me * ARM Apo A . i
fy isa ataewa NY ak LF {

ee al

art anne anos

===== PAGE 186 =====
{"alpha_words": 77, "chars": 454, "method": "ocr", "page": 186, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HeRe Ard Sone of te PatTreNs of THe H On MArs
Do they fif Ang trolon
STAR GeNPS IHS IS A
fresn pRt o7
PRONER HER
(EGYPT KeT. SOME IT24S MIN 15Y
BRAN MIVA
SO NIAR MATH LALO BR GUDD ANNEK?
ALL ALONG- CLAERMIN
FROH TITE GROVE
Section 40
TonsaDuZ Wan's
CANIS
MAJOR
EMMEL
PEGASUS
17V27N
FAUR 19
CART
CARINA
SUMME
Patti il
Seni
BIE
DiPER
URSA MATA
Amara
VELA
VEKAR
AAL TREE SHE SER NERE AV
42N2 7E
ANCIENT CITY SITH
ection 40
# 917562?
DARE?
HypeRs 41
= SIKNÄ

===== PAGE 187 =====
{"alpha_words": 73, "chars": 459, "method": "ocr", "page": 187, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IRIDIUM
15.00 11720
CALVERIE
ROUNDS
8 2004ł
ST AUSENS
CHURENS
тура
AND FEn to
× x
× X
XX XX
XX X
A LAke Usty to
KOWLING
GREEN
91250 yram
CAR PARK.
GRAUTO IN
TOTHE TAS ARK
× X
DICKETTEN
xxxxx
XXXX
Х =
BURIAOS
xXx
Х
CALVERLEY
XXX
-ROUI
RAINO ALTI
NETLE TAT CREW iN BACH CALPS ARR
IN IDENTER POSITEN A SAMA POiN
IN FIMA I DALOS ANDROOS C
FLYING SEOUCRA TAMEN FROM
DISA 25 FERT IN DIAMETER IN GRAND AS ANGAR
ANDRID WERLD IS A CRIT NATE FOR DIR KENT, SOSSEN WEITE

===== PAGE 188 =====
{"alpha_words": 167, "chars": 987, "method": "ocr", "page": 188, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
in

\S =
yillenby~ gray ease 2
Ud pegs . 4 \ C \
wor

LAID CE WELL Dae ASF  FEROSIFRMEG

each een AAT mm hte

fa oer Breet Be

: ff ‘wrages

,\ 8 re
nee iS st
ss mA, dabot lie gs.
eee eee | nd
“Sienna $s oe
Culverdest _ : ish

Gauren ihe = 57 ;

Sussex Hospital
icgsuaily}

aren

es Sos

SE Chapei Gy

ee /

<:

U0 Beayal
ThhVicteria Btady

Police Statio
PMegintra’

#
vd

"ya
ote, ,
ae

peti SHE @ peer
DIME OOO Cash

, mo aN Jéremighs Dhudy Aetna ¢
. . . reat, Wesbiidy PRIN Katee
TERUSAILEM X00 Qj ee OES
8 bol eal” fh NN Lg EpeeanNS So
INSIDE THE WALLS flag Fe | 2 ae

vee

‘Moslem

'

HB. de Franeq

ee
LAT I aN oi = ae

:

f f % A ae Se OTK EPO Oro 7 oe PPAR i SEs : f  Yse nna eo. st Cphen ‘5 me
F “ \ - a SE BE LY BD Arig Qie/ IS vor 7 1] ab ge
i ae - ( CASA be “y fo ciel : * a t rt nian| [nen nae Be Bir rf ee sr ~

4 , :
ta VA NOVA A . Hoty SE b,. ~athalic ref
SSAct \ create dog” SP UL « Sechate Bane

CORA \ipmsaacemnrie coy - eg Si
ow | (SATRUARCHATED Greeks tS we AA 8 =

===== PAGE 189 =====
{"alpha_words": 541, "chars": 3054, "method": "ocr", "page": 189, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HUMAN BURIALS AND NON HUMAN BURIALS
Now we have tsaued papere in respect to dowaing in a kinetic wey by use of the colour bio metric measure
for that equels pare magnetic energy signals, thet the colour codes convert into numcers ad thus the bram
operates on numbers like computers but the mind data banks store the information in colour.
17 Humon male bunet is pink, white black, yetow
2/ Human female bunal is pink, white, silver blaok yellow
or Cremated human remaine are pinks, grey, black, yallor
4/ Stone, fosal human remaina are pink, white, grey, brown, red, orange This ie also caused by graves being
5/ Non human burel, not enimal of fish but nor human The human form should have calcium and blood
blood will never depent from tho bones sotta signal will always show forth code 071 =17 147= 8 the number
Burials that show no signs of bloco are not of the numan tom, Blood wil show signals without bone and te
for ever. If blood is spilt, it stains for ever and can be picked up on 971 tie code la more efficient than
equipment, mind over matter.
or Burials without blood can be tound in many places around the wond, in WaR, Egypt and Uk along Wien
many other areas. The code picked up is for Silicon and fridum, no calcium, no blood and the bones do not
dissolve into soil in aclo action as do calcum bones and strenge, the signal code for such bones la
9. 13,2,12,6 making total of 42, being the mystery code for the meaning
of life and all things.
the persone nemed as Druids the true druids not the moder style have a code e little differant from the 42
being 8,1,12,6 but the graves can be dowsed on these numbers and THEY HAVE NO BLOOD and NO
CALCIUM. In history, it is said, that ittle is whiten about Druids, the Romens nave I am informed about aix
ines in thair hlatory, but for a rece so dedicated to the extermination of druids they must have found out
through dowsing the differences to their own kind and decided to depatch the lot, which they did out not
knowing that the for was in other arase around the world.
i you take 25 pecple at random and dowse their nands you will find that about 20% will have response to
Indium the other 80% will not this is the inter breeding from the orginal for to calcium, but some of us still
nave genes that pick up indium as we el do gold and other minerala. We all have a smali amount of indium
in a glend within the brain that allows us to be as we are today, in fact animals also have this gland, but not
within the bones. We have also found bunals which show both caldum and silicon with blood pelng ther
cross breeding, such greves are intermixed with the othere
I have testad one person who had indium reactions all over who had a first hair out of their grandfathar
dating from the 1800s and the hair sample dowsed for ridium. this was from e baby so would not have
such persons are when they know, expen dowsers
this report should allow more study into our pest history and closer investigation into burial grounds theta
respond to the above colour codes.
PALA
Section 40 a
16/27 46000

===== PAGE 190 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1575, "method": "ocr", "page": 190, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 2
Following part one and the descriptions of the different types of bones and blood, I have made further finds in
Some of the bone fossils being washed up and within the bay area are iridium and I pointed this out to the
Natural History Museum . We assumed this was only due to the volcanic activity and the 65 million year ago
asteroid hits, however, One of the signals matched the same signal dowsed over Lambyder to Wales and this
signal also went against chlorophyll blood type and the Lambyder 1,300,000 years old life form
Seeing that both of these codes were still very active on this Creek site and in the understanding that this is an
alien thie form I marted to examine some of the photographs from a publication about Mars and found that the
code 41 was active on an ares pointed out by the author and that the lines drawn over the site responded to our
owo Lay line codes
Illumanati and Priory of sion, all seam to be codad to religious factions, but all have colour codes and I was
interested to see that the frat two quoted bave very similar colours aa to this life form and I now understand
better why I acem to he able to do this form of dowsing I respond to the Rossoriction code, so is this the great.
mystery that our very distant fore bearers came dom other parts to infase with earth life and build us up to our
But the history is written in the colours we all respond to and every living thing shows its routs by is colour
code, from ita membership to its origins and ita associations, colour reveals alt..
added.
402 A
AME OPE
S
420000
section 40

===== PAGE 191 =====
{"alpha_words": 100, "chars": 686, "method": "ocr", "page": 191, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PAGE I
FOE ON SITE LOUSINE
ADD FOSSIL TO EAEH
OnD TE AND BATONL
Mene se t,
A HAP. BUERE REGUCED
U ir is AssumBd Thit
19 142 7721 2197 1211
sE Oa/ NY N OE
CHANEL, AUD THYS PEFLBETS
P72я 37863088,
JUST CADE
Puh To BRut
AS HIT ALE LOLE CARES
FRE FOSSIL COUDITIOAS ADD
SLUse no besy coco
ARD
LoNA.
stays
ANIMAL
Section 40
601 2004
210001
1 22000 YER7ęîś
NON MOT BLODD
(Ø čp
805581Śęł
USE TRES Wt BIE
Aso s MuterE
USE 19
ПМЕ
b35, PalkhoN YEANs
(020 1Im
NOUACE
ASTERMDS
E BONSABLE BONE
AUD 0
TEN LIE
POResS 198
MAST BRESS
THIS 11
WHECE FERU
NT E AE!
F20m;
Ten, Comes
FloM DUsT.
* 200, suson Yanes
Section 40
section 40
31/ 2004
lAred
2850, MILLION YEARS
NO DoSME done
L CATE ALFE
STE A
CRETA

===== PAGE 192 =====
{"alpha_words": 53, "chars": 400, "method": "ocr", "page": 192, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PAGE 2
USE B00Tłął
To betas
IN POLTINLE
USE
CADE
ASSE
15000 YEARS +
ALIEN, DO TRIBUM BONES
FELICON
MUST GE
OUTSIDE AIFE
FARM
Serie,
Be a Bast
AND Y
SILICON
Section 40
18/ 2004
Section 40
00D YEARS
GRAVE
BOSE On
BLACk her
> 8500 YEA
larr
CORNED
горетом.
PRESENT
68500 +
- .
A BONE
AS BONES.
Fury For
WITE
Section 40
61/2004
12500 YEARS
CRESTON
IRIDIUM
(62)
0 17.0001
Palace
AUDITE LAST SEEN
CODE MELO

===== PAGE 193 =====
{"alpha_words": 59, "chars": 356, "method": "ocr", "page": 193, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F HOC
GRAIL
CARVERLEY
UNDER
GROUNDS
TUMORIDGE WELLS
THE
SUHE BOREH TREE, B,
TE THE AND OF (70UNTRIEAD HOA)
A LEK DI LON CHOES OFE
ALBEH
A YEchn
FR BEATI
BLACH +
FA DATE
THE CADE OF TIE
PERSA ATIS OFtn
COLOUEęŘŚ
CODE, AND FaLUS
PAcE i
THE CODE POR ENERG
LIMES.
BIORLD WLDE
BIScOUERO By CaLOUE CARD CODE 2l/U/2001A
GATEK LOUNS OF COLOR
ectior
1 40
ection 40

===== PAGE 194 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 275, "method": "ocr", "page": 194, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FRE 14
ALL CODE NUIT BE LEA
For To 665784, N65 H95688 2600ę
T€ CoDe
CODE FOR
HUGS FEMA MEMBER
(WOLO N10Є)
CODE
CODA
BRE CO CAN
A 7786 5198
TEMPLEA
TELE
HAS CORE A FUS
15 A17 3 07 7716
(LORS 210E)
CODE
FUSE ARE
CAPES E65
SME SL
emen, 6028, 16NTH
HOD GIOT
POTS, HE HE SAGE FAR

===== PAGE 195 =====
{"alpha_words": 124, "chars": 638, "method": "ocr", "page": 195, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Casin
2005
Hitt tele is panted not worn Calviesty browes
By THE PATIeN
Do to line bride yoy? by Toes trades swing is sat do to Teeps
AND TA I FL RE A A TEE FA A IN LEADER FREE
THOS SEASON DOES NOT DOUSE A FAME ME MAE BET ME ABODY PAST IS LOTH
POLE A FEAR AS ANE, ARSE ARUST PLAD BOD POSITES, HOWEDES TO FURTSER
Pree Prost The BiquiD Flees The Craws to Per, Bess Best,
TO THES LIES
DIA POUT LIN FUE HER CROIS LON
A PROVES THE REACTION I ABAY FERR.
PESE CD ARA ME ANO
ARDUEN THEN
this too Asing Af 2057 !
COLOUR CODES MUST ALMAYS BE HELD)
Un AS INITUESS SUNGSE GE
FENDER IA
Jesus B88 me song cave
• NUT MA
Dear
IF SHEER ARE I NO PES M DANG

===== PAGE 196 =====
{"alpha_words": 710, "chars": 4029, "method": "ocr", "page": 196, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 3
Following reports land 2 I now issue report 3 which asks the question in respect to code 41. First I ask whom I
am connected to by this kinetic dowsing codes system and its 42.
I am informed you cannot confer with 41. I ask the questions in relation to how 41 and 42 came about and its
So, hold on to your seats and expect to be stretched mind wise
41 came to carth about 1.375 000 years ago and settled in three parts of Greece, however remains of the 41 code
are in Lambydder, Wales and in Israel.
The purpose was to collect samples to return with of what our ancestor life form was at that time a form of ape
These codes are all related and there numbers are formed by the vale of the colour totals that make up their
energy signals.
41 originates from far outside our own universe section, in fact from section one we call the father but one of 5
independent sections of the universe that has its own forces and creates energy by interaction with the other 4
and when that worm is closed the way will be blocked, but will remain open for as long as matter remains in 1 to
traverse into two you will see the Milky way forming from 1 into 2 and will go over into 3 when a worm opens
there, at present the worm is in the area of the 25t December.
41 carried life to areas of 2 and one of the base points was the system of Orion, where codes 40 and 46 being
male and female druid breeding form, 41 bred with female 46, the female 46 then breed with human type, thus
development.
Star ships carry code 42 druids forms and code 44 robotic forms that carry the sprit of wandering around within
their own time, out of our direct view, both 44 and 42 cannot breed and 41 is also present in its own section of
the ship but, can be dowsed for presence. Code 44 can wander into your own zone of time and contact you as 44
stands for 4+4= 8 being the sprit number and our letter B is an 8 in their letters and in our numbers an 8 is = to
a J in their numbers , thus J=8 code 44. All the types 40,41,42,44,46, are Iridium and Silicon based with life
added so both groups were code 40 prior to the breeding to add the power of 6 which brings me to the evidence
from our own ways today we often quote things in threes, like three blind mice, or three men in a boat or the
Father, Son and Holy Ghost, and also males are said to dream about the ability to fly within their dreams, this is
all a result to prior abilities with the defunct systems within our mind computer bank which as I have stated prior
stores all knowledge from day one of creation and issues to brain in numbers just like our own home computers
and those home computers will also show a defunct system store for something it can no longer undertake., code
41 could fly and had four limbs, hence our stupid way of remarking to some females as old dragons,. This harps
back to the in breeding of 41 with 40 to become 46 as 41 had four wings like a dragon or dragon fly.
As I have stated prior, everything is in the colour and even the computer will store defunct systems but the mind
still has memory of those systems.
This brings me to section 5. How this all started with
Section 4 Unding the Arrow head burial and later the
the human development by persons in circa 1106, 900 years ago to find the burials matching the codes and re lay
them out like an encyclopaedia of human development and the burial ground go on to a large cross in Celtic
form, from that point there is a mass burial and another private matter.
Some will ask how did one get to the position of dowsing the colours and all the knowledge that has come forth,
well that started by asking the question why was the arrow head burial directed to Wellington rocks, at that time
I had no knowledge about druids or space or in fact anything other than local history, and by asking the colours
that ancient tribes would value some 800U years ago the colour came forth as Orange White and Gold.
And there lies the answer and this was an answer to a request in a small Greek church where 41 remains today.

===== PAGE 197 =====
{"alpha_words": 23, "chars": 147, "method": "ocr", "page": 197, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SOL COPIER GINS CERAMIL
SILVER ADAT S-6) PLATIONUM/IRIDIUM/ GUINE SHAM
* DED MARE HUMAN Y RUSSIAN E
2000
LANDE
COULO NA RETVRN
L THE
CRAH
FON MEEN

===== PAGE 198 =====
{"alpha_words": 550, "chars": 3153, "method": "ocr", "page": 198, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FURTHER NOTES RE BENDING LIGHT
Observations by
Section 40
In relation to universe expansion of 6 miles per second units 6/
23/73/4 per 100
I feel the sums should vary in relation to the expansion of the universe as from my question to confirm. The
printed matter is and also based in all items sent to you prior.
The universe expands at 59 years per earth minute ie, 5+9 =14 The creator code (Bronze) thus 1+4 =5 and
5 is the code for past time
To beat time the first minute of power thrust is in ratia as follows first ¼ second = 6 the number you had
printed, out
second ½
=12
Third ¼
= 23 the number you had
But the following rates are all same at
forth ¼
= 23
Total
ại64 * 6+4 = 10 code Black
However the following minutes are at full rate Of 23 per second total 92 years
You minus the 59 expansion time
DARK CHESSY
- 59
ại33 being the 33 arch and the maths of (33)
the round table so 3+ 3 = 6, and 6 is the future time expansion code, 5 being the past one being the present
and 6 being the future The relation of 6 to one is oniy for the first ¼ second
Further more if you take 9×2 =11 and 5+9+14 the difference is 3 and 3 is the rate of decay at One second
earh time, we all know that everything goes back to its origins, see my work sent prior and that is already an
established fact. So the decay rate for every second we live is = to 3 units of time, in a way you have proved
this by agreeing the main totals 6 and 23.
As you know the mind stores all information in colour and then converts into numbers and most of the
numbers add along to 9 or 6 or singles when below 3, and as the colours are fixed in creation and their
number values that each colour is worth then one cannot go to wrong working on that computed basis.
How ever there is another problem, the universe is it seems split into 5 smaller mini universes that you will
not see as such via optics and each is reacting with each other to create an electro magnetic force that
provides energy through out when two react to close they form a worm hole which will be the only way
through black holes being created of a different life style due to this say magnetic activity there will be parts
of the universe that have different forces and thus will move at different speeds and may upset any optical
The 73 % of the balance of 23 being the dark energy matter and I assume the odd 4% is what we stand on
?. being parts of 100 and thus 100 +
1 being the present, so
1 is the present 5 is the past and 6 is the
future resulting in 12 being the original life form intelligence to which humans added two further codes into
the system, Pink 13 and Bronze 14 being the bronze age when man started science, so we now have 14
colour codes that the human mind works on KNOW AS THE MIND COMPUTER.
The Egyptians new all about the code 23 and what they found out as I have and that endless information is
at hand by use of the alternative system which would work well with mechanical invention to prove what the
mind is saying, but created by a mind as the idea was already in the mind to be activated. So we are all
correct, but its not so simple, and the 12 numbers will unravel the mysteries.

===== PAGE 199 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 646, "method": "ocr", "page": 199, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20013
1 Arvo
Deun
Jore
53
GIEBULtO
LEIT
AS FER.
BiE SEZ EM
7712. 2722
27/11/05
SIDR VIEM
on 40
CANOS SLOCK 2601Tąę
VIEW
SÃE CHARS)
LS FA5 TIME
BAND I
× 6
* 6
* 6
x 6
1¼
× 6
￾ 18
53
3+ 6
* 6
x 18
x 24
72 x
10·
= 515
3+8 +&
12 Sevil
407
36 5 DiM
14 CO2E
7 078L
ẲšFË
700,170
83207
53
4+ Z
5Q717
0R0)
+31368,6+1945+845+6=
Lapi OF AFa
Aidest
220 2
0261029
GONA
69694-
1326)-54719ł
≤3
Gret
PROZAT
FEA I
X ALIEN
144 + 15
= 52
36
572 - 7
3+6 = 7
× 6
* 6
* 6
x 6
I x II x IM x IL x TL x T >
3+172 = 6źł
- J65
356r4 = 135/4
3+6+5 = 14
76 22
720.212
VENA
1 3461-53546
695945 : 52
(13460)53546
=464+3,0-5+2+8+2+8
= 45
11 66ŘŚš
(42) GERE 67 2168
(PIHA YORIA)

===== PAGE 200 =====
{"alpha_words": 120, "chars": 680, "method": "ocr", "page": 200, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
we

i eeacges,

Sense

me Lo op net
a eee eke rl ta

porn,
x

el f

geese,
ee lacie! ea oa eeroreppariraeseste eas _ _ -
a . Soy ae ” . j
CG « He Lyx 72% Sy? os Z S¢¢
wi
Dey wm gh £ ¥
a . / eset TET TE
a 2°? £ : F £3 wat ro pod 7 f . #P Le
GLEE PE HG, S |} Sé ex
a a f owe cs
. eens” scpepieannarn eee
a

sah
ey

en

ae

‘5 at é TES & pa jem Pe ed

: — 2
oe f ip Beet n FUTURA FIFI
4
i 2 fet a

£4

a

en

yor
MOLTEN,

We &

LB
wa

Fi

o
\e

tf ED

le rn te

a fa

A A Aad & Pine peg

y bby " feet be
aa A SY Fee #

LOE Cty FO

a
oBrE PS 2
f-
gee Pal iy J
see? és
ee

i & 4 § Aster FEATS
spemeenenc rE of oo wow ee
été ASSES EA

ae uF

£, Lik aT RL

sr gig
wa we de Ae

AD Gu Sf

===== PAGE 201 =====
{"alpha_words": 51, "chars": 318, "method": "ocr", "page": 201, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2. ON AND LACI
RING- 6 DOS BL
Time BRyerD (BE)
OTRA sUEl
AR CONNO 5E1
BUT CAN AND
sinc
VIVIRIA
SUMS
6208624ł
= 2
2 : 3
3 ₴
UNIO 20
RASK
700:000
53
698947
la antr
Вот инка FOnO
LE ME 5 ANNER CORTAL 5 ARA RIETE POEs
NOT TO SEAN DE FAET DAWSINL VI
AN EXAMPLE SE SITUATON
VENERO IN
ENREM
DEAS
USA SAME SYSTIL
ANO DISTINeR

===== PAGE 202 =====
{"alpha_words": 458, "chars": 2418, "method": "ocr", "page": 202, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
maces emo
we ell .
wa
or

aes

ppc anata hee

cre

wen

a

OE au

att ate eee

ease POE a coma

fare eran SRB,

4 4
‘, *%. i 3
air eta ci cs, in 4
Btn aera E &
, . TrPettahoomn gc a se, i i
: on reciente i, . ns ’ i
4 Mey, lk en
« _E
1 a = leer ea METER Re cnc piper.
ete -
: ee
cr,
. ents aaa Re
yt

%,
%
nptik nds
ae
‘ea

va
A

f
oe Pt
OE

Z

eee ae ng ee

eter ATES Th

ings

ese .
ute Rarer

4
q
wa, i.
: es we a ~, *
5 Lf tern ees ececenseatt ye arettint tear esata ate nearer eteqacs Seem
a ae As al * ee a seam rato = Ppa oS EUR REO INCE ry a rad Bd LT Rha berth REA ret acetone
te nage TAA Ema Ty Rie, velar math
5 . . coat ae
ri) : (se

5;
S ealinaioune

f :
arnt ering erence gra Ys : ¢ :

Ta an

oe;
pony

F A
. P rte tk ch: “
a a RA SEU A AT Po TON Ta IE i ea el arr dae a IE SALA ARO at re te hall TERE eto

fi ear tap meaner ATE Su,
Fa : Seer recon tig;
at hE PRET ge é . Neeru gene yap ba TORTIE ALE ee eatt ge! fHtHEDN lg.
| at At ea E : oe MEH vane Feetcee ape inet Pee PE oe ae
a : ere ra ie: tga tome .
woe ee ae: ‘ ne
; aL 3 ‘ . y £ im *y, 13
duties. Lingala apt tc ao . Se, Pa rs By rd =
WN Neer ahem achiee eee Seeng E, _ eee ghnaat anit yen tape en ia re : aa
SO arenes ea ty tetany atte si ‘i [oak eee s a ad
aw canoe. Ph vere ace —_ # rena Semi RatS Sade ga oh,
ae a 7 z ener
. * i :
3 é #
7 z % EEDA res .
. : 3 i tect moans,
“Eke 3 i ¥ FN 8 Li dpe TET toe Y
i a a t rene ee
“he 4 ae
Ry t s -
Saece 4 ‘
noe *
“add 3 r %
A a ‘ 3 ‘.
. ene, awe $ Fy FY i
mete: ra F 3 Ea
wer eh ; F Sor RTT SER a * i :
ohne eee Sa " laren EA Ber REED et can te hore aT 4
1g TEI AM eral BF Feng easy ck Say har te mene ee LT ta a FEI EE ere ile tog r
ae a NeTT aD Pepe, 2,
“ting j Team akira bee ae eter
at: 4 Z
Fi
i
i
3 q
oy
Sy
.
4
i,
>.
. ™
i :
: ae
\
+
4 “ : . L
a 3 ilo) a
‘. And *.
f eRe .
Sn i amas a | cneenental aereireass 7
TO tt ati one ite ae bet RTE retype a AA tA TTT RHR oe eagles wtf- ENA ARETE A SARL Te AK At antennal fA waster oe
. Te POE Artal spate amr

a ppictee severe Fed at ae See ET
Patt ne LT Tate he og atig a ge cde FBT

cr ah tae oe be a de New
penpeertabicict

abe
yet
wpeatet

pm ee
dhe

al ae aL MT A re RE RAL A nae recut REESE AE a TEAM emt eT aR epg ype
f

. c4t Avs: SEPT ar jp deena Mae era Eres Setint dann .
sagen pee ATER 2 TNA REO a Pp dm aes arn At dinnnn Sete Ralls eet Aer ee Sty a:
‘Shae Maven SH egg 4
PE in

A rl ec eg ey

cm nana labs Tea aR era at a ee ates Dt et

===== PAGE 203 =====
{"alpha_words": 884, "chars": 4990, "method": "ocr", "page": 203, "variant": "plain-vision"}
see the over all picture and the great danger we may all be in through in action
so far that they in their own ways have evidence of this total subject, but have never put the lot together to
The above paper should be seen as an urgent scientific study into a situation that is known by very many in
seeing their actions and creations as its out of our optic time zone.
Mars photographs you see human life form burial areas and this other life form which means that we are not
massive production of rods uranium which is the very thing this life form relies upon for its light bending and
that the same system may be starting up again as in the 1930s to create a nuclear situation that results in
ideas to suite their long term objectives, this should also be seen in that by bending time what is 40000
split, so a life form that may be trying to manipulate us in this way could in fact hit us with messages to seed
that person as an event of their own idea, when in fact it was beamed to them, This may account for the
receive the message which they will not hear but which the mind stores that when activated it is received by
dowsed message out over maps and in fact contact every mind within that zone of the map so covered tol
Giant telescope to probe
mysteries of the universe
computer and it is a known fact that minds communicate with each other without the brain knowing and that
There is one other great problem with this system, that as the colours and numbers relate to the human mind
time, so one could even get the reception signals to produce a picture image of what the signals resemble.
providing a view of events just
a lew million vears after the
Big Bang,
By Nie Fleming
Science Correspoudent
ISTRONOMERS wil be able
to peer to the edges of the
Jniverse with a giant Sibil
ion optical telescope they
hope to start building next
The Bitremely Large Tele-
cope (ES), with a lens at
east 100f and possibly up to
roof in diameter, will bring
listant planets into focos and
reveal some of the Universe's
darkest sccrets.
Te will be able to sec objecia.
more than 13 billion light
years. away,
eclipsing the
apabilities of the largest cur:
neasuring 33f across and
NUMBLES
SARA SYSTEM AS PRUNNE
Act st rees denvery
HERR PRE ANNY MEASURE
SPECTA DO NOT AF
DIS TIMEA
This idea should result in placing e para magnetic signal reading chain of space monitoring points from
above to pick up these magnetic signals WHICH WILL COME FROM THAT OTHER TIME ZONE that our
own radar or viewers cannot see or pick up.
SENDING WONT AND TIME.
The ancient Egyptians left a coded message based upon their krowiedge from their own pre peoples that
light can be bent to 23.26% you will also bend time as light and time trevel together.
Based upon that fact together with the information I have been gathering via my own system which is based
upon the endlent tribal ways of communicetion and advencement of knowiedge, and a method infaci used by
courte not to distant todey.
Asking the question by use of the para magnetic code system colour into numbers the correct %* is 23* per
¼ second which = per ½ second = 6 years in time.
When you understand the concept the idea of producing a large telescope to see events in time within a
million years of our creation, stands firm, but what you will not see is another life form that has bent the light
for travel but out of the concept of our means to view them due to the fact that the travel by bending the light
has placed them into a different slot of time in relation to our own so is relative to us but not in same zone.,
see diagram.
So, the only way you will be able to detect a life form that you cannot see may be by radar, but this will only
work within out own time zone, as the late Sir Hugh Dowding stated, these craft were going at speeds of
some 8 to 10000 miles per hour, but as soon as this life form understood that we had mastered the radar.
difference.
To overcome this problem, there is a system already available, and has been in use to measure paral
magnetic codes to age and date things and to code lets say a pot for what that pot had contained, see
diagram, Our contact scientist had placed an item of pottery into his magnetic box and it provided all the
information required. I tested my system against his in relation to blood and both his system an mine
matched, my system also converts into numbers so is able to be put into computer system or have one
created if not already done, such systems could be colour and number related to the human minds own
colour and number system to balance the system for cross checking.
~ Came to
ę 560
11482 years
2073648 Yes
756564880 Y610
3369659 Y815
¿ Yeon
Anyone dier fee an Aires so Can set
THE FLAT CHAT / SEE MAVE E
O 8 IS AT BYEAR TIMA JUMP EACH YOUR SECR
CANTE
SHE OUT EF OUR ZONE
KERARO JEM
комитка ґудка
CAR
ZONA E
671616031
COMA
Lean Kaver
TIME DIMENTIN
MARADE
1a0 7 72
3, 5,2, 12, 7, 10 = 39
12
PAO CODE SAME TETHE AS ENERGYGREE
TUM/ TIMA ZONE
OUCHA FAR
AMERATE CAR ENER

===== PAGE 204 =====
{"alpha_words": 622, "chars": 3869, "method": "ocr", "page": 204, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NOTES
MAGNETS
CODE.
(Ashit G0z 42)
EGYAS
CAr82039 23 DAen 197179 = Bet 2105
MElL 279507 1419617
MAIN I ARE LASSOR ATT
ALL SEEN PART AT
ONE
BUT INPAT
S 152M5
CARES USA PARS A 73 IN CAIR
CRANE MA LUME FAU
AND SID THE 23 TO CO THREE IT
ARnE
(ty 7312221917
(6 7121)
TE 15 17 A MATAM
UNIT E
3 RD 4,500
Yesm
23.25 YAR MAY SPLITY OR CHATT
23.25źŚ
I57 MNE
OUR THE
5570
178 = (9)
A PEA
Yan Be a
JIMENSY 77118
LAD DANSE AT 392 NO LEAVE
A FEMAN
PONT 09,30 DE T48 ENTE
10.10 20/hjos
You a week of on
TO PLANET, DROIDS SUITEM DE
Your Carruten
To 391H n 3998558
Th CART ON ONL
PACk At A
122 775 777
wives excess diser? the by simones if you cor
for hit cree
SEE At 2
72 01 77
1 10 22 7% 55
TArs
73 20 0.
Triumph of mindover dark matter get
Side Forming
Since Correspondent
TAKES up nearly a quarter of the
Ufverse, holds our galaxy in place,
bicannot he seen.
ark matter bas evaded all
clapts to delect and thuminate it in
ta79 years since its existence was
frihypolhested.
aw British astonomers have
haled an important step doser te
big the vell on the elusive wateral
thilhas mystified gencrations of
satists, by calculating some of ts
bab physiend properties
or the TR
tini
b/ Gerry Gilmore, of the institute
of Wonomy at the Univorsity of
abridge, and colleagues used th
helicope syster to observe 12 dwad
galdes around the edge of our own
Bally, the MIley Way
Estrdying the movement and
me of stars within these galates.
drevere alte to calendale the
ram denotes
the dark materaround them. Their
findings, expected to be published in
a scientific journal soon, add
ubstantally to what is known about
he raaterial that provides the egemis
lue that, through its gravitational
orce, keeps atars in their positions
vithin galaxies,
Prof Gilmore saldạẠWhis is the first
time we have determined the
property of dark matter robustly in a
ay that we expect will give us sonk
eal clues as to what the real physic
of this stuff is, We now know its
speed and its temperature.
*The distribution of dark matter
bears no reladonahip to anything wa
lave read in the litershwe up unit
In recent vears, most cosmologists
have assumed dark matter to be
"cold? - that the particles of which it
is made moved around relatively
slowly.
However, the astronomers
caleulated that they moved at about
each side containing 13 milion:
times as much mass as the Son.
The existence of dark matter was
unusual nature, it has a hish
ist suggested by Fril Zwicky,
emperature caused by the excited
wiss astrophysicist. in 1933. Be
movement of its partieles but no
stimated the mass in a cluster of
heat.
Prof Gilmore added: "The strange
ne motions of nearby galaides aro
thing about dark matter is that it has
| found about 400 times more mass
emperatare but doesn't give off
than expected. The galzites moved
radiation. It is a different form of
far too quickly to be explained by t
malter not made of the some stuff as
gravity of the visible mass.
ordinary matter that consists of
This led Zwicky to condude that
protons and neutrons, and has no
there musi be invisible, dack matter
charge!
The rescarchers calculated that
olding the chuster together.
Visible matter is thought to
vhile ordinary matter, such as that
found on Earth, contains some 10=
account for only about four per cen
I the mass of the Universe.
particles per cuble em, dark matter
The rest is believed a
contains only one third of a particle
23 per cer
in the same volume.
ван на на 0 173 до от
force causine me Coiverse to expani
at increasing speed
The Batish team made the
er cubic am of space. This lon
ensity means the as llest nossible
volume of dad mater is a cube
measuring 1,000 Eight years along
discoveries nalag four connected 271
telescopes run by the Europeen
Souther: Observatory in the
Atacama desert i Cala.
DARA MATTER...
. ODE
BANCK
SIA VER
GRY
2A0W9
BAUE
MITER FAMOUSIO:
• TA SEA
000 12 12
ANTE
GRAY
NATE
1) PER 2/2006

===== PAGE 205 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 419, "method": "ocr", "page": 205, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Postass
DATELTEO
B00242
692261šęŚ
>06e7
(20N9
* 615672
Per A exER
/ SeD : 3 CUITS DEUT
- 12 S20 LUIS DELAY
= 259200 UND DELA
26 9637
J6S DANs
CITHSO ONICAR
499995
￾ 30
NUMERE O
THE 70000
(= Y MASS)
CONTEL = 00201182212
700,000
- 9460,000000000
Para.
Пи Ки Лису ГАт
DE BETTEN CHEZ GRASS RESEN.
ELE ARA GAS COUTIN
700.170 x 720.477
× 6U3574I5 X 3 OU OF DEM
Femi ex
CACE UNIVERSE UNIT
CARN UNHEI
A MAILE
12-558 19
CODE 42

===== PAGE 206 =====
{"alpha_words": 108, "chars": 698, "method": "ocr", "page": 206, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RéTẸÍ
2*21e
TITE
HORM
Freun Leer
BN (H H4048)
(Lihz 'G sores )ął
GREY
BLACK
BROWN
SILVER
ORANGI
SAME
Af 70s 020
Fork Cimosśł
BUT STON ANETIA FINE
ZoNE
BY & DAIS
DAys SEs To dE TR PEGAS
MENUE DE NAE ZONE OF RACI SAC7E!
PREE SALTON, so ZONiE, AND ATEA REBE
ПНія КАутАн і Вио Вкуно КАСент
THE CERTIOY
ZONE
THS AREA K THRE WECH
LOER M IE CANTEr ENOn
COME% GACh,
ALL ARON)
UA + OLER THE CARTIEN
TEU SINE BON MNE A7
Lax des ARes CAB //e Cé2m
Aor 00353741 m
DECAY
LIEN TR
PAUME
Арал
AR FAT EIND I OUM AN
ANTIEt VretE
AO 21 AT1
it biste irepoe deg
7N02
ÉLTEA SWAD
-WATOUMA
SUBCA, WATE
denen 150
encana
AuCh 1/02
A401--1977
W AéNei
anerwnm
S09/4pp
PARAM
INE FIELD
ARAs
MeSoD FOM
MISSES
THX 702,000
= 1 Fit0

===== PAGE 207 =====
{"alpha_words": 182, "chars": 934, "method": "ocr", "page": 207, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
AE BES

TH LS FL fPETCL

DE. Feed 8

S777 COO 0 0¢ COO 0 F298 OO co 9 ge ra)

ae Ze,
SIEPO PEL SEL gust. TIME

LESS — SPER Rs LBM Ee A

GLGEGUR9 7h fr ay bettie Vitae

- Page Lf PEGS SES £2

ee
a GER PE ae & SOP
a

Ebest om at
Led 49 PIE &
Saves ease “minnie,

vA a me sf if fa ee fst. ern <

JY GE LESS CoE FA Lepr

ae
J raEA ine “97 fo A
gue 1 . ,

a
mf
Bi
aad
Mtn,
Roary
Sein
uJ
nef
‘s

:

POPE 7 eae

= SP) «typ? Pe iu

ones
= asere eeT

sna azn camel
meee al
ane pepe nN EE
eee eres ann AE bef #9

Let ‘i

ay fay
8 ee AF ge Ps oe we
Rid STEP

ep . pee
_ bo G78, TOC, 6 ©
# ,

FH y Bee 50 year ed dug FASS TIE |
CHE FESS

a
4 POBBEA DAL
2 3 3

a7 B CUD, OUD, CFU “#9

aqttisme ance,
ge
Ne
a id ES teat
se

Sienna, aa ete,

|

Lee oT 7

pL a RST CAC TE pp rate re ee Na rust

\

ax Up ti SE AEE OF a yi

wv, it FRR tate j

- i
HELA Bebe Me pee

sec epee eI ATTEN /

Ltd FRE A

Bg tes
ger iterig
gue,

ai

a

tes pat
Wives omens rt

===== PAGE 208 =====
{"alpha_words": 111, "chars": 592, "method": "ocr", "page": 208, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
: oo gost
i oe “Ae Ee oe FF “ty. ,
fi “ERE ES of inf é ae ee ag yf ag 4 és see nett Agee a 5,
ne re ete” “Eb CLE (8g “ ith REEL 2h AAAI? OL. “Gas we, of P bbe
= : " “— craaneninancnt ttt IES
a, — / Ly G ih ory
gn icy ff - reer ON se Lf dS
(S) as mf 909190000009 bh YS ing
a, meso | | 7 ee t
eed TO 3 . | { . fo Ce of
eae

L —— OB VO

Doe 2 oe aa

. par
: one ace eee somes ae
fpr acer

Lond

£4 ? - agg ena
AP ye LoS lod | bx
td # #

bates ASS

wilt { rn

Hk

if Sa PEs

reap

Lif. hel.

“ead ple ae TF

#

nego Ot “writs bed

REP Pag? L f

W bat f

aonPre set rad

#

camuanensintrs

GEG eo

===== PAGE 209 =====
{"alpha_words": 46, "chars": 552, "method": "ocr", "page": 209, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I SCO TIME
SUNIT
By swimpa
INDALKIENA
TIME
85 08 2861/0970C
ericaly pouts
Austar
A LIVIALął
OBFRIT IN
INTELROPNCA
TIME
AREA
FIELD
6435374157
Sø3
24560,89ů
15766416 16
70đ01
700000
47,00000
700.
700
49080íťśŚ
7000
7071
49000,
‚Ø￾Ø￾
70 07%
4900000600
700,000 ą
4.900,00łął
100,00₴ął
700,000
490000000000
643.
3761
941000ąłą
CRRATE
O
62955
DAYS
CARATE
3 UN173
TIMA
ANOTIA
TIMB
We S5779řŚę
our
systra
CONTA
Ence Care
PO SPRIT
Finess
ENCI
• TIARąś
GLOVISA: LIFE DECAY
FINE
x699
62651264
gok
OVID
CU7492X
# 577šŚ
RA BITE 1
SPATENERA
7747
15-78057
T0985
GETs

===== PAGE 210 =====
{"alpha_words": 140, "chars": 747, "method": "ocr", "page": 210, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE ARRA IS I
KALATON TO TER SIER OE THR
ONLY 5 UNUR CIT5E
ATATTRA A= 2 100
AIFA 3,4.5 DONOr$ YEr.
TRIRA IS NUTIE
AS iN TIR CONAA
AE NETIN JA
Bang FantÍșÍ
ATS/DL DIZ
CO0AO
AMANT
ErIEIU
TR 5 UNVRADAs
BERR CRAMTIS BY SINEER FYUS?ON
SAUÊA
Ge lirt
MANCh
/07170.
FA EDENT
77h5 Л2A8
TER S INTRAN
ERNAATE PANTA TI
FARA TIR CANCAN GONG
Fn Amer Me AA
UNVENOA
MT MT CẢ LNA A
Az t si
SENT
THE LAm CHEr
MAE CRAATOR
IS WININ DAS ADRE
No OUBDR, TIn CRABTOn
THA CRAATON IS TUA MATTIU
Tim
ERRATROTHA 5
UNIVERARO
GaD)
ARR THOOR OURA S/REM
POcHEt
UNAmM
LIth As Wie Fotu It Sese
NEVEA
LEAVA THR
CONCAT OE THR SUMURNaRe
THS
ARER BuTwu TAnn
F6 1 0nUtan
To ANETHA By WERH
PeNm LsEn SaL
tene Da KIem
•AS IT HAS
72 1
TO ENDET IX
ONGRT DE NATAE
NU EUEN
SaLmNE
IS AJD
AVEN

===== PAGE 211 =====
{"alpha_words": 77, "chars": 471, "method": "ocr", "page": 211, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Brun
Bank
LAst TImis
34
3+4-5
DOWER 34
we crue you conster
S IN PAST
MS
· 3
#I'= 6 IN FUTON
M6
RING
77A9E
CODE
ORENT FREED
Bite Bi .
3517N0
VovE
SHOT DEE INTO
TINK DECAY
I SET BY LAT : LON GODS
THE RA
NICH MINTIN
CANT FUEN AREA O
·
PAGANT
AssEl. Sees At 129
2) ME VINCENT
12/2005
FUTUR TA1
SILVER
RED
CARY
KLACH
RAVE
TUTURE TIMM
40
410
314 1šŚł
THE DECO
DOWSK 40
FEMIRA
wish Gut you contes
THOs
Curvei
PAST
THIS WREN
THE ALIEN
CO 12F
Cre BE AIN
I SAFE FINE
A FUENE FESTO

===== PAGE 212 =====
{"alpha_words": 722, "chars": 4039, "method": "ocr", "page": 212, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10 JULY 2006
Professor Stephen Hawking CH CBE, FRS, PHD
Lucasian professor Of Mathematics
Pavilion B Room B1.07
Cambridge University
Cambridge
Dear Professor Hawking
CHARTS AND INFORMATION SENT PRIOR
This is a short letter to confirm that you should have had sight of some paperwork which I sent to Professor
Sir Martin Rees last year in respect to my findings in relation to Black holes and the universe in general,
information received by use of a discovery I seem to have made by use of colour bar codes and their
reactions on to mind/brain, to access information through time zones.
It seems that the human body has an in built organic computer which stores all information in colour and
sends signais by converting the colour into numbers which may be called radionics.
While using this system last year I enquired about black holes and how they were formed and where one
was in relation to a basic chart and was provided with information which in my own way crude as it was, at
that time it was thought that all matter sucked into such black holes would be lost crushed and returned to
sender, however my findings were, that the universe is formed of 5 globules each working in its own form
but by magnetic forces in relation to the other globules create energy by movement against each other, just
like the 5 pole electric motor and when a certain situation comes about with this fine balance two giobules
may interact with each other to form a tunnel, rather like Moses and sea splitting and one can go through
that tunnel to the other part of the universe THAT YOU WOULD NO BE ABLE TO IF THE HOLE WAS NOT
THERE., that I found that the Milky way matter was being drawn into our system from the area of the hole
And going over our system in the direction to another globule that as yet is not so linked, , that certain colour
codes will allow the mind to form the shape of the magnetic forces and to fine tune the edges, beyond and
the hole its self
So, I was most interested to see last week the TV programme updating the information in respect to black
noles between your self and Professor Siskin that the projection you all gave over the wave lengths were as
my own findings by colour provided and so directed to Cambridge, but with one slight difference which I wish
to point out to you so that it may assist, that is the film showed 4 globules with the link and that matter did
not get lost but came out the other side, I hope so, as there is a life form using this system and which
universities are studying that may come under the heading of energy circles where an object in our time but
in its own dimension due to the fact that its journey from the other globule zone, where the ley line colour
code id different from our own that the speed is resulting in the arrival into our past time so we can measure
it by their provided colour codes to dowse it against the colour codes for positive or negative response,
counting up or down to agree totals and numbers all of which have been provided I can therefor say and
confirm that what was stated on the programme was 100 % correct by your maths and the same as my
colour codes, but that you had one zone missing.
To give you an idea how this colour power works l'enclose a map of a property and garden I have yet to visit
, but have pulled it apart from my office to expose burials and other objects, to which I am now making a
declaration and wili when the property is exchanged undertake a dig to find that which was exposed by
colour code mind dowsing to prove to those who seem unable to accept that such things can be done as
this system can not only cover local areas, but any distance, and any time zone the contact code is 42
Red, pink, grey, silver, green. This system, as we are dealing with an organic computer can also adjust
virus attack within the human body provided that the brain mind is not damaged for it to read the instructions
, so the code for Soya allergy is 97,635, and the colour code to correct it is 97653, thus the mind will correct
Section 40

===== PAGE 213 =====
{"alpha_words": 164, "chars": 966, "method": "ocr", "page": 213, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the body intolerance to the chemical Soya. And l assume to everything else with the correct codes such as
we have extracted for Plague, and fine the Plague pit all over the maps from the 1600s, and with modern
science such statement can be proved as in water dowsing blue is used and gas pipes yellow is used and
I will end for now, except to say that I would be very pleased to explain to your assistant, or Mrs Hawking
how all this works, for information discovered and not passed on is no discovery out a loss to humanity and
such information comes free for all without personal gain, There is so much information there and so many
questions to ask that to ask the correct questions to save wasting time would be the best way forward..
The latest space shuttle was tracked by use of pink and white = human alive un blocking code + Iridium to a
Section 40
YOU
Banten
section 40
THATLe SE
5 # 81577398
D211251
7581
LITTER
DELA
so your
7468
820/250
Section 40
PACE?

===== PAGE 214 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2385, "method": "ocr", "page": 214, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 4
same intelligence as their own.
answers to the three questions.
Civilisation
MOLLUBV
From
VEYLIU
Planet
1/
8.10 7 7 13 6 2 14=67 8561280 =67
6+7=13 basic =30
2/ 143 16 7 5 13 = 58 305760 = 58
5÷8 = 13
basic = 21
41357148 wordone = 51 203840=171+7
=3
=3
=8
1/1/5400 thus 544=9.
Space travel on a par with their own could be common place from 2035 for Mars and return and will be by
bending light to jump time.
1/ Mining and exploration on other planet systems.
That the colour orange that is missing from the colour chart of electricity from the bulb will be replaced by
crystal energy input.
understand what they were looking at or the so called crop circles syndrome But certain person discovered that
the mind stored all knowledge from creation in colour data bank form and thus into brain computer numbers and
that by use of the colours created a form of mind energy exchange by the so called energy circled and direct
this claim I now claim that title of the discovery.
The maths confirm 2016 = 2x1x6 =12 1+2 =3 or add 2016 = 9
1375 years = 105= 1+ 5 = 6
groups of three.
143+7+5 = 16 1+6 =7, 7 is spirit 3 = their call sign and culture everything in
There is no risk from this life form as it has mind guided our civilisation from 1,375 million years to the ability
we have today and it is in their interests that we complete the time table by 5400 when they will leave us to fend
for our selves just like the other systems they have so created around the universe, some of which pay us visits,
and designed in different styles and different drive forms We are not alone or ever have been due to this
So to them, its like spending a few years here showing us the way, but self interests and power have prolonged
this task as everything must be seen to be done by a box and not by the mind computer direct, also miss trust
Its never bothered me that Darwin placed us as a result of a monkey that came over vast amount of time from a
blob in the sea, what he did not mention is, that the other half came from else where and may well have flown
and breathed volcanic gas and that due to what people might think attitude to preserve power situations that we
talking about how man started and where modern man came from or how he got this rather large brain of how
out and use the brain computer ask questions and confer you only have another 3394 years chaps ‚better get a
=9.

===== PAGE 215 =====
{"alpha_words": 476, "chars": 2965, "method": "ocr", "page": 215, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 5 THE MATHS OF CREATION & THE VISITS
As I have stated in prior letter and observations, the energy circle visits although here all the time, have three
Departing dates 18 th March, 18" August, 18" November.
Thus its 3x 18 4×18 5x18 in respect to the months so you get the totals of 54 +72490, but this system you
drop the 0, so if you add up you get in full 216 which adds to 9. However do 5x4 and 7x2 + the 9 dropping the 0
you end up with 43, the female code and 4+3 = 7 for the spirit of creation.
In respect to the odd months out. 2=3=4 =9 again, thus 2x18 and x18 with 4x18 gives you 36454+72 most of
the totals are able to be divided by 6, but in this case 649+12 = odd amount of 27. When you divide the 27 by 6
you arrive at 4.5, being the amount of magnetic disturbance to direct north after the energy circle has left the
energy circle in fact being a craft, but in another time zone. When the craft is present it distorted the magnetic
field within its boundary by up to 10% and as these things like to go to certain places well established over 1000s
years this is the reason that places such as the Bermuda triangle throw people off track as their bearings are
distorted when the craft are present and powered up by their own magnetic activity IN THEIR OWN TIME
I lay out the times and math in full below by hand.
female, 46 breeds with 31 which results in 43 females and there is a special code type 47 no doubt named after
the destroyers in relation to power when 41 interacted with 46, 478 were formed 447 =11 later when 43 formed
relations with 47s 43s being value 4÷3 =7 you add the 7 to the 11 giving you 18 the all powerful code as 7 is
Now getting back to the local area, we have a strange burial situation where it seems bodies have been laid out to
form a creation by dowsing. 42 says that the burials were part in the area as part of the ancient city and Druid,
later Celtic area, but other burials were taken from Greece and Holy land and place in order some of type 41
Of the Welsh burials which is 1 assume how Wales got its logo of the dragon the total burials were 26 being 246
relation to how things were in those days some 900 years ago.
Israel holds a burial site in Jerusalem which may have been taken to the surface by erosion and the only other
breading places are in Greece mostly now under water. This, I feel the reason why israel is so special to one of
the original 12 tribes and its relation to Jerusalem.
There are several ways human conditions can be changed other than by breading. It can also happen by VIRUS
The code for this life form is
large cross is its call sign.
PE MARCA
IS AUGUST
ETNNA
based around present Greece., this is the logo like NASA and a
= 54 ÷ 6
471Ąął
÷ 72 ÷ 1
* 17
5% 15
6 90 ÷ 6 = 15
1 ÷ 216
6 ÷ 36
5772 = 368°
4796 = 3605
GAR
> 85
ACT
574 = 20
2 12
2 = 6 = 405° MEMB" 26F
1376=18
574 ° 20
772= 14
32
5+2=7 SORIT
CO08 41 WITH 600T 46
52
2(0DE 43
PHILE
AND COA 31 MALE - 43
OrR1S2 5646 MIsION

===== PAGE 216 =====
{"alpha_words": 556, "chars": 3060, "method": "ocr", "page": 216, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 6
REMNANT AND TIME ZONE DIMENSIONS
In our investigations we have come across interesting situations.
specks of dust would give off the code.
pick up the signal, but nothing to be seen.
bent light so bending time
way they are.
It seems that an intelligence can lay down ley lines that you cannot see, then it can use an Ark that you cannot
see and lay down a history of mankind in a formation that would equal a Grail that you also cannot see, such
objects are within their own time but as energy is able to be dowsed from the past into the present a dowser will
pick such things up. It would require only part of a split second to be unable to see the rear time zone objects
For those so gifted to measure these forms of energy they will be able to pick these objects up by map dowsing
and turn their minds into para magnetic code measuring boxes, as the mind stores everything in colour and the
brain converts into information by numbers, each colour having a special number value, the mind is an organic
computer acting like a radar system.
This will explain our sites of special interest and the intelligence visiting times and dates in respect to the 18/3
18/8 18/11 spelling MAN.
A code within another zone, zone 5.
This may well be the reasons that science does not feel safe with dowsing, but if you keep to the normal subjects
would be correct if you use soil stain samples which equal the colours and again convert into numbers within the
We know that we are dealing with another life form as at times it will prevent you form danger by taking a
crystal, pinching a dowsing rod, and so I have been informed, give back the odd crystal, a form of thank you
‚this has been the experience of many dowsers and healers.
within a dimension of our time and are able to be measured, but also there are normal burials on this ancient site
that go back to the Bronze age, Celtic Age and Romans, as also prior burials from the very early tribes that form
a type called Druid, so you have to contend with both zones at one time which is why these objects may not
One day in early February 2006 I was invited to a dowsing meeting in London to set up the 15/2/ 06 map
dowsing test in respect to the messages being received by colour map dowsing, and having already had contact
with one of the life forms I invited this form to travel to London and to sit on a chair and to be allowed to be
dowsed to show how such an entity could exist within its own dimension and be able to be dowsed, some would
say it was a spirit guide but from our prior two years findings, it is a life form like our own but in zone 5 having
bent light thus time. I have been privileged to be able to follow this form all over the world and to places we
could never reach., it seems you are allowed one view of the subject when you realise what you have seen you
can colour code and follow around and communicate, the form will also visit if invited, I have noticed a large
It therefore was no surprise to me to dowse this person at another event on the 20/2/06 the day prior to the last

===== PAGE 217 =====
{"alpha_words": 617, "chars": 3477, "method": "ocr", "page": 217, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dowsed the same form on its craft by colour code that has been mapped out by us to show where the mystery
We have also conducted other experiments in respect to the grounds where the large metal object appears to be
present within an area devoid of any other burials, as the buried object seemed to be down about 7 feet and no
scientific equipment that one could with easy obtain would measure anything Alan having agreed to the depth, I
asked if there was this dimension and time difference if it would be possible to raise the object to a higher level,
it was agreed and I telephoned
fOr·4©k the depth, I had already re done, and it was at around 3 feet.
can raise it to 3 feet why not leave it on top of the ground. Some months later J.C came down to soil stain this
historic site for a book he is writing on the Druids and J.C traced a large iron structure with a Roman person
buried within as the leather was tanned in animal urine a difference to the Celtic ways also it was within cloth,.
J.C thought that it might be an iron structure perhaps connected to a very early fountain as there had been a lake
within the grounds in prior history. One problem with that idea, I had a gut feeling about this, so I thought very
hard and came to the reasoning that if it was what I thought it was then some other signal would be present to a
related substance. I obtained such a substance called VITEX AGNUS CASTUS, sure enough, it dowsed as
having this plant form present. Some months later I was blind tested to dowse what was within a glass jar and
two plastic boxes, I said that Uranium was present in the glass jar and one plastic poi, ail three were shown to
me and correctly dowsed were uranium crystals within the glass jar and the pot, the other plastic pot held
washing soda crystals.. I lay my case to history.
PART 7, LIFE FORM OR SPIRIT
This part is more difficult to put into words as both parts of the heading could be correct, so in simple terms and
in view of parts 1-6 the following may be seen to be correct. I would also ask you to recall, that we should read
and not question. If you ask questions this warning might be that you may receive an answer, as I seem to have
As there is no doubt in view of our investigations, a life form existing not in our own dimension of time just like
ghosts and such like involving magnetic fields.
things that go bump in the night, if we had religion or not.
So in summing up there is a creator that created everything, and that he created many life forms and different
and diversified life forms some of which are far advanced from us and using their powers have carried their
knowledge to us and we have no doubt taken on board their beliefs, which is the reasons for the stone age love of
the stars and stone circles to suite, also the wood henges and later stone henge from these came temples and
later churches, but strange as it is most of these early constructions were on ley lines, that mystery energy line
laid dowu by that invisible life form.
Our dowsing tests starting on the 15/2/2006 and lasting until 18/3/2006 with up to fifteen persons participating in
reception dowsing. This message has proved that everything is co related, UFOS, Spirits, Visitations and by the
symbols of this life form has in colour code so declared its hand that it is the creator of our beliefs and so
designed our mind brain computer . The question is, where and in which direction does the creator reside so
another dimension
70

===== PAGE 218 =====
{"alpha_words": 511, "chars": 2836, "method": "ocr", "page": 218, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART 8 THE BURIALS AND SITES
B=8 8=J
A problem as it is to some, we have found objects that if the local history is correct, should not be in the
Calverley Grounds.
Items of pottery pre Roman, burial remains, dowsing as basic human and of the druid form 42, also strange
forms of rock radio active that matches items found on project site Y. Project Y was acknowledged by the life
When J.C visited the area last year he found a Celtic floor tile and remains of a stone henge, also wood henges
and roman, Celtic and Druid burials also the stains of a battle site between the Romans and Druids
We have a major site of historic interest but it is also involved with a zone 5 situation which no doubt has
overtaken the basic history in favour of the invisible history.
Further proof is that from the odd item of remains falling out of edging has been Druid fossil bone, now all bone
never go., so to find this bit of fossil code 42 and to see it dowsing as fridium, Silicon, Chlorophyll but with no
calcium or blood points to the site being a little strange to say the least.
My findings point to this part of Kent being one of the 12 tribe sites of human creation as we know it the other s
that are not below the sea are Egypt and central USA. The same signals are recorded from below the sea where
science has discovered ancient large stone cities over 10,000 years old also that this area was regarded as the
New Jerusalem and as it seems that type 41 is present in Jerusalem (see part 6), that area along with parts of
The Celtic and Druid history of this area will be published so we are informed later this year and wil cover other
parts of the UK. But we have a major site on our door step . I respect to the town being 400years old, dowsing
has uncovered Elizabethan brick stains within the Grove and it has been reported that we may have had an
Elizabethan manor house in this area and the supporting estate lodgings as a Royal hunting grounds dating from
and the Mount Edgecombe Hotel which seems to stand on a raised area like an old moat, but inside you will find
the Templar Tunnels bricked up in the dinning area walls, these tunnels are said to stretch under the common all
over the place in many directions and from my study of the area are part of the ancient city that was here about
18000 years ago below ground, which became the tunnels 1000s years later. And were the start of my story
three years ago when I colour dowsed to find out why the arrow head burial was created some 8500 years ago
pointing to the Wellington Rocks. At thai time I had no knowledge of time zones or dimensions in our own time
of other life forms from afar that have had such an effect on all our lives, perhaps without that life form none of
us would be here today, or we may still be rubbing sticks together and chatting the local Chimp up.

===== PAGE 219 =====
{"alpha_words": 37, "chars": 161, "method": "ocr", "page": 219, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
woh bey ec ae

NM Fe ee ee

SON Ye ea deo

Pein ae

it

FR se Toy

ho ren 1

ATER ee ey

TT ee iy Pan gs

Peres,

é
:
i
i
é

FL eae gen

Br.

TENG Niet gee

ww

===== PAGE 220 =====
{"alpha_words": 62, "chars": 336, "method": "ocr", "page": 220, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
fae

S hE pte po a ng
2 7 " D180 BE Ag PERSP FE PEs aes P sgueets gt es
8 é Ae OAR babes 9? RE al ene Ee FARE is i ws
ra " o saauaeameninenes
Ae BORON. ( lg wn °F ey _ ee } | | : Baseee g | |
| WS UP VOPR inne AS 2) AUB? MO opsES BMEP ep 4 Bareyes ye y Bea?
Salty AL wells’ reves ag ~weumsevere Pfih WC PEPE CPE MES “PLE EEE OY iP ECD

===== PAGE 221 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 210, "method": "ocr", "page": 221, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Aas +4
no

PE SLEE on

oth

LEv asf AEF

-

ity jek EE Fi PIR

TF

*

tt av

:

le. ; "
Cat

bl di

NP taps Sh

ARO ETE

ef

AP 8

Anes ff = oF

cea if

*

‘

i
Five
e.

Fd

85

an water eg,
p=

Ade

= OMY 83

===== PAGE 222 =====
{"alpha_words": 156, "chars": 894, "method": "ocr", "page": 222, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
bust Merete ty

ra

pe N
La atlgda

oy

- if a oo gee
i Wanda yy
| . in
1
ai
a
i
A
‘
rE

ws. oD - “a
aE F 4 io iat,
BT he A KONE PES
Monden emesiawn OS
NET a ne Tce ee ee ey
Mee Pept oe ff tert oS
LA: i

aS
t
:

? : Vi
: tf
'. gai
! x
i.
é
;
t
Raped? “oop { R
frst, oe. poe
i) 4,
3 ene
i en ent are
: PONE eet et SS
4 a cael SD PRP ae Sa, re
eet + cs
i a ~
}
H
{
i
3
i
, .
: i
tte ae
: CHngrpae
f 2 8S Migeiaags
‘ wee w :
i Lite : t i
, t i .

ws

ee LS Lelizyy os

a Tee ee
“NE a

‘ aa ae

' te ma
a) pote Ee tage
AEE Sartef NES Seti

AEs)
iat

7 geet | PoE sa ate eening ° ~

, espe Cy} i
oe n
"sua, wee
Faia 1 ne eee
iMina asd oe
[
a
‘ Se aqflaree :
= aise wet - a
2 esata y ON ~ 1 Nene ae oe * (et fee So 43 t
35 PCy Aig Hig,” Lo Pees f ed PP ign PA
Fo 1 oe 2 - .
i i
Ste] Laweten =}
js + =
/fosecirs

—

Cate ng eee ay

“og. ‘ot +
fey ltr
wt ae

_ weet tener aa at oy ean tne ta SEAT

ae

===== PAGE 223 =====
{"alpha_words": 49, "chars": 271, "method": "ocr", "page": 223, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ae y ah

a
a saree eur ee
'

a
;

Laat

Ae

23

ha ater a ECS OEE a

Aa

span

ae

ie karina SPar tag dete
ola a ahd pd rere deere

WEINEAE

tit
ae et
ee tee

11

Fy

[Ss wi Sth Te /

nce

Ps creat a
Pekan celta

fey ber

S580,
ere

Be Te

4

meee |

Pci Rapin,

iad

.

===== PAGE 224 =====
{"alpha_words": 85, "chars": 575, "method": "ocr", "page": 224, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SIDE VIE
E 11250 YEAR AGO
IN TIME RELATION @80,000 VER AGe
Fear 200 bił
(DUG TO SPREE TIME DISTANCE / STRA /UNTINO)
ORiN BAT BREL
7H1 1 PA DE 2 C293H 1ATECT
IS MERE CAME PARK, DELT WHY C1977}
DOUSE OF CRASH PANT NO3 IX 25 DISH 6/9/2004
→ X CRAN
A INCENT
FIELD
U SU CRAFT
ONE ACT
PEE PLATINU
'I = TEPARONS
U = URANIUM
G= GoLD
= BODY PARTS (NON HUMAN) 3X BEETS!
= EMBRGY CIRCAD I SAME PENDING AS CRAP GIRLS'S
THE URANIUM OUTTUT IS
+ 3231
AREA
IN POINT
AVERAGE BAGHDAMN IS 2 BLEGAS PER 60 SCAS
QUER 10, YoU LEAVE THE AREA
(2. THANA)ł
DEPTRI DETWEEN 6" A 12" DECEMON WHICH PANTS

===== PAGE 225 =====
{"alpha_words": 62, "chars": 575, "method": "ocr", "page": 225, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MERGY, CROP CIRCLE ACTIVITY
MARES 1814
× 18 - 1-04
18/00/04-20/00/08 0 11.
QUEAR 19E It Soo
TA. CREN MErBOn LEPT CANARKE
CAN CROT MIS WERN
Ленно
CROP CREAMS
BET 04 NEV 04
1:80 000 000
35
CHI
PACIFIC
OCEAN
Same Compet
COLER THEY HME
т0Z A Y TO CONFIBH
BURMitH MA BE MEET
18 X = CRASH POINTS
PROJECT Y
при Постку 14, 8,16,17,₴
~ 2 Mile 3 crazy circe,
12619 25
ay taures on teen
Beds Named
An Ben fear Suit
3 1250
Ahol 3= IRAN 18,20, 21,22,23,24,25,26-
26/101 1= CHINA 26, LEFT/REMAN 27 28224 -
• 7ED
37/16/ $= Aur 30,31
Freed was 2 num da
Зі/оки вт з 31, (25,4,5,67, 89 , /25)

===== PAGE 226 =====
{"alpha_words": 94, "chars": 847, "method": "ocr", "page": 226, "variant": "plain-vision"}
X181-05
Convers S
THE WORLD : Politica!
COMPUTER
3
LULL ARE ARTIN
INteGy OReLE ViSits
23/17705 13-00 67s
18711805
18-00 8175
A 1: 80 000 000
DJYENS
·,С
NS
V
IL TGO
IL O mE
OUR
(обна і литес )
Wer Used
AAD/SNAL. NAT
FEE LONDE
He davier a con
FRom ()
2Y EN
S
DISTANCE
780.000, 000.000ą
WEAS
Sten his 60,000 000,000
7245 Duraca
FATE DISTANCE
en code na
DISTENEŚęŚ
897,700,000ооред000000000 Ан
Ar 60,% HAS TIME in SEcOs
Let you work They out
qUESTIONs
HIEN CADE
THESE CODe
PERSONI
PRUN
GREY
S160812
CALLE GODE
LETTESs
RED
GREEN DA
ORANGE
FOR
18·→
ON HAD
REMOVE
AS HITE
RED
DACh GREE
ORANEE
Y ISE VIN RUSSIA 5 CIRCAD
VISHY CHINA Sł
45A 5
BRAZIL. 5
VISIT AUSTRIAS
1 120200
153 2+
23/10/05-38710705 18:57 173
3878/05-5/11/05 18-0ął
VE INCALA CANNO
5/1/05-8911/05 18-001
A1/5-11/1/05 18976
HOME
1n/O5 - 1S/u/ar
15) 1165-1891/05
AND RETVER
30 PODS REPULAT

===== PAGE 227 =====
{"alpha_words": 60, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 227, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Crooked
Gorđ : Mai
FAYN
PÖRT
AU TRINCE
lassa de l
7:8 000 VUUÍšŘŚ
S2, 9 52 100 L50 290 250 380 km
107
650
C
A
N°
O ison yas
DON
CAN
Hoto Mayor e Engano
Hignays
• Arecibo
SAN JUAN
* ida yagi
Mona- PUERTO Guayatr
Petal
O LA%
(USA
TO DOMINGOE
RICO
L
S
Anguillara
arten = St.-Barthélem
EEWARD
- Bassecerre
St. Chr
© 470
S
N
LES
ISE
Aruba
- Fort-d
WI NOWARD
ILLES
ANTILLES
P GRENADA
Tobag
A prima
¡Trinidad
TOBAGO
GuI
A Bolivar
Guosspat
EL Collo

===== PAGE 228 =====
{"alpha_words": 90, "chars": 595, "method": "ocr", "page": 228, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Al, E,8
A C.D
EVIC
DEEA A DE G ATTHA
021 0221
BY COE
CROP CHRGE CARY
7717 0
A,E
60820 17212
STL ALTEZ
LENEY WS E
A, E F CHLY A CHRUNAS
BERMUDA
5 0 28 .l
BINIS
AINA
AS IN
BÇYRI
» LIBYF
30
: 8 000 00ą
FRBS AOAO
L8ZA
BORM D CP CIRELR LIU
HAR FROTE N'ECTA AI BY 1O" ви
СтИх
Ans By 4-5° betiN wt terep
9A75 7
AU ELA A
- 65 -
STyA fi = Ti Fueu Hsn de 1229
LitE SiNATA IN VA. ARD EGIPT .
A7Z ANTEL
OcAm
·H₴1
FARAA
MINECT TO
AU OSJEC CAN
UGE TO
702859- it
IF CRONMY
2R0 1972
MER TANTE LAS |
JEENCE SELTOA , RT.
15000 FERM LACA ANio
bOUeD OrGy SEE TIMT, NOT THEOER EZIRE
Aut TH
ENEREY IS REALIÁ DEE TENN

===== PAGE 229 =====
{"alpha_words": 217, "chars": 1720, "method": "ocr", "page": 229, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AA21%
CATHE CREATOR
S UNIVERS
CARTY IN 2
07
EVERY THEI
Gargue
DEENEI
MIND HEROS ALL IN COLOUR
C000 /
KRAIN
CONVERD TO NUMBERS
CREATEN CORR
PRIT
= LUtITt
- Of course, you ca
buy shares in Ginet
HAHY LIFE FARMEZł
CREATE
TO f117
PLANET CONDIRAA
JUST AS WE Ah TODAY, ALK
= 2+1=3=77
DEGGY OF TIME
IN SPACE,
ONE SEC TIME = 3 UNITS Of DECAY
CRAFT U.FO
JEST JUDE CONDITION; EVERYTHA
ALIEN
CODE
21
9 = RED
13
= Part
2 = GREY
12 = SILVER
6 = GREEN
= 42
life to 2
= 6
STORE FE THA CRAST TRIONE
HUE COMA SINeR SELITTING ATOM
MESSARA AS PROVEN WINCHE
SHERMAN INTO COLOR FOR AND
3 + 6+8
RATT. BL
SENT To THE HaD
KARTAS DONN MAD
• Dred Were
687-42)
^
* CHIP
Alm F8 : 81000ł
9 = RED
147=81
= DATA
( 887)
DATA CODA
• 17
C= JIA NOMBER
(§··)
THES
GREEH
WHITE
Rep
THE RECEIPT A
AL 17FE2MATIC4
AND SHHE CONVER AD
BREN MINO CODA
LETTERS
7017 16
= 53
33
MIREMROTER GREAT HAN
SED SER (C
THE FATAL
UNIVERSES IN GLADULT FORM
16 5375
= 005/9
CIRCLES LITHH MAN CRAFT
ALSO 174Ù
1 + 66
= 701772
ANO J IN NIH$EM
= =18Íš
THE DATES,
I MARCH
So AUST
CALDUNO
PURCLE = 1
GREY
= 2
BLUE = 3
ORANGE = H
(6051=
₴= |
1 = 6
2 = 7
GRAKA = &
LUTE = 7ł
Beatin = 5
RED = 1
9=Х
BLACK = 10
6o20 = 11
SAVE = IÙ
1=0
MONK = 13
(07 14)
(T05-12)
A THEM COMPUTER WORNS OF
& ALSO AS NUMBERS, THIS
14 + 121 16 = 42
3 C: L
4 6 = C
11=1
45: T
> = łą
81÷11
1M = N
10 0 = 0
+ B=ęęą
S = 5
5 =
6 =
9 = 4
10:73
14 VE
15 X=X
(T16)
fror 11)
I= LIGHT 1O BUCK
T = TIME I GOLD
O = DECAY 12
SILVER
33 Г
ALL MOUR NOMAEM
= SAME COLMA, THIS
GREY: 1.8
SO HELLA
AS FEBCSIVAS
Check
SYSTEN CODES
GOLD = 6 GREA
8450 (0)
= 6x5=50
+ 2 5!
6 GResęśą
OLYMPE GAE
ENERGYGRCLEO BUT
GIDE IN
THE (00D BAST TIMEîŚ
AMSUN # (E55)
FOND ON EARTH IN CEREI REMMO
3x6>x9x8
MAN
DURNE
BUT ACE INFAG UFOS
©} 21|1|2366

===== PAGE 230 =====
{"alpha_words": 86, "chars": 475, "method": "ocr", "page": 230, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE SA BE WE LEE PO OU LOGS
A UNITE ATY
A GUA CHES
BEM A MAO FORM UNDER CRAZ BRUS
A TEE
THE SK
CeDE
FERN
015719
32987
CARGO
FRE DOS CODE ALS
ARE TO THE SERI
CREATION
SENTY
TRE PRON
HE TE ONE
CINNA
9UN2195
FARR
577 ≤H7 2
PODS
PRIVE
Ca C70L A 78 700E
ON CRAFT TRIDE 6
TO THE METON CORI
AT THE A SPEE DEPE
en 18/4105
POWER GATE IS
SO CANTR
bela vamies toos
Aro AD 2779
NOT GULD COL
Syб7659
Coot
My cope
OF NOX 00
MANCH
Azo
7 1% fia see For sites
section 40|
4/ for 5.
MATE CORN

===== PAGE 231 =====
{"alpha_words": 60, "chars": 387, "method": "ocr", "page": 231, "variant": "plain-vision"}
184 DENICO
CALIFORNI
NORTE
Bahía
Cedros
I ca
BAJA CALIFORN
5 yuan
CAREN
CANA
Pota Pea
I sente
REFERENCE :
Federal fierc
Aguascalientes
Guanajunto
es gues
A ANCES SCARE HOO
& AN SITE MI REDS TO SAT DIRTON COA
BEL ATON CRAND U BAD SITES
Roswell
TUCSON
Big Sprir
• 71
I San Jose
Margarita
1. Isabela
P
2006 000 м
Ley devin to 1
So of he
PEN ME COMPUTER DE LA I - 17
A WED By THE HEN F209ąś

===== PAGE 232 =====
{"alpha_words": 55, "chars": 341, "method": "ocr", "page": 232, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
BANGLADESH, §

ie Mi ‘eit Hills
ey ese

Si ieeaad

Spy

So Atres tem sanyigtnsan Te

puchane a
markhalr .

posts diag aan

on ee tra
SATIS ED Beat Raepir 3
. eased

Peele

HA &
sings SME ote je
ceN . By fort

-

Pe Myitelis
eigadio “4, | )

a

ivi g

a “4 Monginz

Be

i qungee:

cae Abe:

‘ sey nt}
zy ean ae
_Kysungecty t

Pa

2 aw ees i?

===== PAGE 233 =====
{"alpha_words": 135, "chars": 882, "method": "ocr", "page": 233, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COOK
CRATE
RiBO, PINH, CRy, SILvER, Creeer, (MEH ONUR E)
YAU KED GEREN SKON pEROR
1E tIMED X ARLA SOME D 35 m MULTIRA
RENOVE IF
Lemm
Enesir dEmes,
L IES
Prost, wItT,
A 98 Yattśłą
TOD B2
SACAN
GRAF
"NIE DO BATTEE CAOS"
LEF BIB ALA MUSE PLACA
M 86873
Foar
LIFR GREy, GeRON, SILURn,
COBy SILUER, BAUR
Sena
Rele ser
X BLUE ,
B 897 576
NE COBO
) CRE, BLAEH,
E MEUS PAE, ASE CAMAS, SNELRE, VERE-
FERMS CS
LIER SILURE, BLUR , GRBY, CREEN, DRBE
SAUVE 15
CA SEL, GROR)
vennin
ALOUE IF
1 Вник, вко.
CASSIOPEIA
LIPA SILEA, GRey, BIBer
22-AvSt
ESVE IF
DECEMM
ARA, BOLS AFL
CReer CaRy, BIACH1 PURPeR, GREy,
ETAMN GAMME ,
ALteVE
Fiert
ONEISO BURMAR
LIER REA, BLACH, URBY, DRONER I SURILE,
POLEe &9
BAUR, RIPS,
Paas sy Byeśą
UIE #F 4165șÍ
ORERU
Кани
CREEr BLUR, WItTs, OrROR, RRD, CaRBy, BROwn, ToLOsA
7782s 1593
CRAIO AN FARY 2 TIME
IF CLOUT
/ · USA 1940
1 X AUST28218
/a Fet de2N0 AlS
USA GE
ve

===== PAGE 234 =====
{"alpha_words": 72, "chars": 501, "method": "ocr", "page": 234, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE COMPUTER CODE
DOUSED PROM HIND SE BREN CODE 4E
PROTECT 'Y
THEN
COSE FROM CRAFT
CREATE OF DAVID
A10 D00D
MESSAGR
DRUD →ą
+ EXTRA 3
COLM TO
HE 00m m
Ge THE BOU
CODE St
MOTHER CARTE
A CONTITERE
SO nO CANT
Douto то то сти ммо
MENT CODE
MONE CONTROL
Convert de CORNE
CODES
BORNE NUREE VOMER
2. Getsy
9 PEr
10 - белен
1 SILVER
13 PINk
H4 Beanes
CANTROL SEE
ANTIONS
DATA
77805,
TE GRE
PAULE DI SONDEặ
A BeeNZE
120 1200
AS IT SOR DO HE CREATED, THUS, SOLO, SUVRE, PUREN, BRANEA
(709696006)
@ 23/1/2006 06

===== PAGE 235 =====
{"alpha_words": 57, "chars": 345, "method": "ocr", "page": 235, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TUS AFE FON USES METHES
MOWCH FEH
AS DEA
er Ore!
© mu.
(& oryaates
denne
MBE dAYAS
Mestre DY Erts din
1260 -#Sre
nenc 2 cento
(1) CAESON
FISKE
ріб ву линнь зак
ANERO CAROLE
SOME A
MAO DUU6
Cs AFie
DONSEO PAET
TE ARIEL CAFET
CoTER Flon
FUTG0E 7017
ONSERSE
THE EDGE OFTE UNICEK
(M) HAs Biln (Lott
A GERNAND UNS
A COpe FIEt SO NET
MrE FEE | GeNm M

===== PAGE 236 =====
{"alpha_words": 145, "chars": 1289, "method": "ocr", "page": 236, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COHMTRA
CHERE
CIRCAR
60081
· ABAE
CODE
I UNEITEE
COEF HALL
CODE
HUMAN BRAN/ MIS COHPUTER BY PACA MANETE CODES
COAMEE
SORAN
ANONE
2¾
- 43
47К73XEX97H
= 76032 +77870+712 = 18:18 = 9
(CHP)
- 35
6 7 75 865 8812
= 5040 : 5 =18
- 10
3X47678×178 = 38680 "3+1761820 68 18=9
# 8072 8705842 = 8817829
& (DATA)
- (nr) = 32857
1 + 3
$+3 PIt8 = 19= HUNANCAINK) (08 43+35 731 +33
=848 )TR5 15448=(3 778 H39 C224
Fle AOg
CONFUTEałęą
CONEY
A= GG LACH =60
oh Aite oue LENten
0= 1
10718 78 = 1320 . 64318 0 6
0 = 86614
THE EMER TE AUNE DE CAMUS
IN CeRCeT PeA
hiLA iaD DOUA T
FUL VARUR OP MRA MACETE SAMUE
po 65 502 T698 Te6020 66507 18809.
18 yous Gors ames dureato. Jens Cosoe
NI TIME! 50 5=P0ST & S PATURE = PRESEMA
ТЕ В О ТА МО МІТКИ
fe Se I
8lf C66 898 882
12 COMUTEE CODEO
16 LETTERO
42
ALSO
SCIENCE PROUEO COLMA CODE FIE
BUTE LEGAT SE
RED
GREEN
Bren 3
BASIC AUNBEN
FROM O
T0 10
PAY HTBE
1E0 400ED
THEA CONEO TO LETTER ArmAr TE DE LETER UTH PNE SVINLA CADĂ ADUCAA.
THES THE ALEN FORE
WeenS eu CiPUR, CODRO
Cosma Caoci
53
AN COMTUNETTON SITR COUAR A AETTERA MESO dIRECTAE
5787965
53 = 8
THe Hur
BLO CONIEO
LENER B ANO
E 1 AUBERA = 2
TX ARA
CAFET COMPUTEA THEE HOLO E
anąłśł
# 9 66 8-089 = 42
THE PRAN LINE CADE TE AA COMPUTEE
6 /ęłśł
156814
Consies) 878 36 66
3X 6 Y9
B 550
= SZ
78 -748
9 23/1/2086 P2ł

===== PAGE 237 =====
{"alpha_words": 106, "chars": 627, "method": "ocr", "page": 237, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
“AT
i”

Le Shir eo
pune eas

eis

Pera pena enn
eee erate

" Spaied

opens AEE ee
Ascronadneet

DWYEGSLANY TATE

fT NR

Chidsohy™

ena
~“Wanchin eas

.

a vine Tape

aye

tiase.
ss mea nate

Hig alse
ekeoce ct

te,

nat
ra t

eg Ae Rhy
SF Adee

Omdurmda,

SUDAN ¢

aR

Sn GUAT EMA Lure wae
Syxcemalaer ee Ina
caer, Lib g dee
far Savadan an HCA RAG UN

eh Lib vaAbgar 7 PARES

Ptr ia uct.
aratd,.

'
1
a.

qui Tr

els

ay LEGMETE,

. the)

"1D aus, ot .
TAMURA MIA |

a

TT sAthGs

i = aly,
mie Ni ber OI
NE pa =
as eet a ;
Lige wary a
j
}
;
i
roa }
i
i
'
4
i
F

- fat,
tener

em at 7
i - we * _
a nd

Lf uv tiny, aired 7

. F

===== PAGE 238 =====
{"alpha_words": 159, "chars": 728, "method": "ocr", "page": 238, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ian

“ a ial ce tO aa eottt ae ATMO,
Re

fr,
OrPION

he Pir ee OP RE aR S & age

ae rat .

, =— Te
BPE ee gets,
fs

To ae oe eerera TE haem ona,
A AR lta no,
A ea,

ov cere cents eiE

pat

enna TMS SREP STC UD Ea eee se

i, manne

Ei any EN eo

Jahsee FE.

Be oh GAg

Oe) eo Cue “-

poe ds

oe,
tetas ~. ;
SE ROSE ete pete tng, ey rats wipe Te mL

ad

Mtoe ¢ BUS
fi & if & é ff é 5

f ne

ded bk pic U bo

CoN eal i AH aE AL A .

Lee E se A

af oF fg i“ 2 Em Bon pe . gee on rs ra
og ge A iv oe e epee en) aR fet oF a < ce - - 7
ee NESE, Goal FES fet of phe eee oP gfe we f te Feo Eta OPH # Voki
& - . | ,

ie co —
fie ee es CE ty ty
- al aa ee a ee
et
a” te rd S |
fe & PER ote tT Men fPn w+
a ae Te ey er pedo
2 oo
é
na
/ Ps

===== PAGE 239 =====
{"alpha_words": 182, "chars": 945, "method": "ocr", "page": 239, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BLAEN NORE REH DECEMBER TO NEUT CAERSE
NEVE GERL CAGI
se coDE
MAS POG CARdE
AF OUED BY LN EE
TT AEN GOT
ONER
CAUCAN
CONTRE
CODE
DISTANE
gog LO HAS
L6 pan 1$0 Atos
SARO FURRe 6 1% PE Ese in Sitd
ERGs
DRUID
code
GrY MARLD
POMOs = METERE
cApo 865
LIFE FORM BOUSSO
AF LECCO DETI ME
OSCA AH FRIM ENTANCE.
BT5 299S
Bes LeSE,
BRUID fIFE MEH DErECTE, A O1800 BEARM
GRONDS AROUE CRANE
ARCO>>
TOS LIFA FORM IS TN ABS G8 STE LE MRE
PaNg, PRiD BURA AR FANO I LANTE USA
Oer AD D AER E e.
Tete dEy Lias Aer
BOEM SUSTE, COLORA
IS T LIFE FOR F STOti
ANA AR TO CTES PANE A UNVERE
(SIDE I)
(SIDEZ)
CHE DE SOMS, DEPSIt3 + DELA LEE Geę
CAU DA
MASPE AR UES ALIE
RADO ARTUS
92+ M289
ALL ME GRE AREA IS SIT BERTIE FROM
Lea Ti A EET doNo N
MOniE Ne UOnH, HD UR
A LIFE AGLE CAN
GEL FeM CARs JERLg,
AGE FUR SEM TU BE SUO GOPTE TO
OU A A NADUE TO BENE ATA OUE
MASIO ACTUE SURRE A/Ia PERMA
LAE CREE BOTO NO HATEL
PENEL AU DARLIES, ONVIRS SARUTEN
No Corti, No Ra pea seg, d

===== PAGE 240 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 504, "method": "ocr", "page": 240, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
?
?
ea
aa
—

fi

es
£4

ONE.

-
x4
7 .

ha
ef

\
;

ee Ledeen
ager V prenatal a eee

“ah
Se
oo
ae
eat
ren

ans
: a
qi ae ae
ane UF aa . :
we AER aa Stal |
re \
saan! } S
pant eee :
| ” he
| ~ ips
Pores ¥ can
Oy « Y ran Ma
i Hi ecpene en = a

oeaite on CFE

S
y
2 & >»
nui { S&S
en oe
& | :
"s Pn
%
~
&
Ps

fe
2,
oa

.. feos ;
fife
Bye SF
rel

fied
eee

io
f
Ps
rs 4
oO
iy
-

te
fe
oa

4.

tape fer

i

i?
—_
fs 3

r
=

eA

o
SEE a“

cs

te
ra .
<

“3

pe

intel
z emcee tie pene neste one pa ae
mua pee

===== PAGE 241 =====
{"alpha_words": 318, "chars": 2009, "method": "ocr", "page": 241, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NOTE 42 1F2NТ
RE 100 DEUR
132/3/2006 DT
NEWS
LUT SPRIT
British Rail's fusion flying
saucer that never arrived
(8cz 3 paras
NO 470 1 20
SALA NTIpL
By Stephanie Condron
BRITISH Rail planned to
transport passengers across.
space in a nuclear-powered
flying saucer, it emerged yes-
terday.
In 1970, rail managers envi-
sioned a
#Space Vehicle"
which would be economical to
run and reach high speeds in
space. The idea, mooted by
inventor
Charles Osmond
Frederick, was unearthed by a
student browsing the Euro-
pean Patent Office website.
The patent describes how
the ship would have been
fired by a controlled thermo-
nuclear fusion reaction ignited
by laser beams, but experts
have rubbished the idea, say-
ing that this bizarre fusion
process does not exist.
They say it is unlikely the
saucer-shaped craft would
have got off the ground. Mr
Frederick's invention for the
officially patented in 1973.
"I thought at must be a joke
at first," the student who
found the plans said yester-
dayẠạIt is amazing that British
Rail actually developed these
plans. They obviously believed
around space to
different
planets in the fature."
The official patent was sub-.
mitted by
a London-based
company, Jensen and Son, for
the British Railways Board.
Michel van Beal, from the
European
Space
Agency,
based in Holland, said: T
have had a look at the plans;
and they don't look very seri-
ous to me at all. It is based on
a fusion process that doesn't
exist yet and if it would, would
need an unbelievable amount
oi energy.
ẠI doubt whether, even if it
be practicaliẠại
Prol Colin Pillinger, 62, who
led the failed Beagle 2 Mars
mission in 2003, said: "I think
the plans are fascinating - it
really looks like a flying sau
cer. Quife what British Rail
bad in mind I have no iden?.
• The design was filed with
the Patent Office on Dee 11,
1970; and the patent was com-
pleted on March 21, 1975.
apolesman for the
Department:
for transport
said: "We have no plans to
introduce nuclear-powered
flying
saucers to the pet-
work"

===== PAGE 242 =====
{"alpha_words": 154, "chars": 976, "method": "ocr", "page": 242, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DIRECTION
J ueston Dowsint THe cRaft
COLOUR MENSURR
pepice Conet
BENZ LIGAT O TIMA 23 AND
JUMP TIMi ( YsOdeND hers YoU ME BENOIMA )
EASH AUSAT F -25 DF 15CD =
6 Yeres JUMP Bitt on Fosses
FAUs 17 365 DAys : SACH ios JIME
LIGST
(ZzY NOTTIn
AEI NATTE
DARA MATTIA
MEVR Mha Go iN DIEle
DieTe DEran Ao CAął
BLAC RD OF WTI PINS
IE5, +12 A535
TrE 32 700s
AH 30 AOs NeNNo COm
MITTLE
SUCHSO UF
PERAN F FA D7A
AND BAATL DEFTON, RAASH FA CLAUED TUR
JA HERO TO HUME CLAESE
F FALO5.
5648 +392 17951es
= 3412570 YENS BATH
344517278 =ł
192
AE FOt
To to Atęą
JUre вна
I sess 8 yean
1520 = 244 Yes
60 S680: 1449 Yts
1 Hie 86459 yoł
24 itses: 2073 603 yotn
345 DAFS
756864500 YAAk 36
EGypt PyRAtdi LAgrer STATio 23t° AM AreN SARt
IBOO ABREs CAN Yo AENE LiNT (YES) SHA O 28 BEND
M MON AN
ZATT S/O 0F
Te SOA PiNS DAtete ARA
DEME AU NATRE LY SIE
AFNE AUTR
CANTA.
DAS ceRr NR A
BRAS S
EVER CENA PATE EN VERI,
SINI ÉX/BEN 219R FrAA (LAO EAZ 7/A A
JUMe o 6 Yst VAUt Tests MATER ou
LEA LINK
Diemel Pen

===== PAGE 243 =====
{"alpha_words": 56, "chars": 260, "method": "ocr", "page": 243, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
redhat rk

lek bbs DoF
Livmarerig TOE fF FPL

2 | AEDS {2 ? 95. ge,

shes pith bdotes Hoag A

;

g | eo" gee DRAB ae ope LUT Gp 82.

am,
sy ne ins

Fas
4

fae EL NT EE oral Rae ae

pa RC Sue

Wiha era ay ae

SWE ta tie ath TE ee BE ET

Se oe eS ieee Tc eo as

===== PAGE 244 =====
{"alpha_words": 95, "chars": 658, "method": "ocr", "page": 244, "variant": "plain-vision"}
O O THRA
8 /11
_= POWER Of U
23 /Q : Powen
11-12-1
80-3=7
Tits is wity CitrTrm Diy Of
2572
IMIN BARE HAURD
Mon Outs T 28 pr
FINA TUNA AIE TOT
RacerBen wner 1728ęł
UNitama
Sagittarius XVI Scorpio
ON
EDOR OF UNVENA
AsTEn OuTsiDe TiR
UNIERAA
BLACK
(COY SEPAR)
REELECTTONS
07=
EuReDy pue To Resusąś
BAH, PROR TO ENTRY
13.00 19/3
Michy wiry
NÁV
Pf PHIS FIM
VA TALPAN
FROM UNURR (INTO UNURDOR 2)
TEST 2
(8-00 Hors 18/3/06śł
THE RETURN
CRAFT LAAVINGIEATTA
TO HUME
PANET
te t f ray hong te
UNIVERE D BY
IIS G ON CRAF
CHATES
OUTERL
NOV
Capricornus XVIII Sagitta
HAX
(873)
S P Seperat
CUTUA
The S hie
OPHIUCHUS
The Serpent Holder
SERPENS
S Algethr
CORONA
BOREALI
taga

===== PAGE 245 =====
{"alpha_words": 55, "chars": 380, "method": "ocr", "page": 245, "variant": "clean-vision"}
NOTES
18787@6
AND
OSEVAN
185/0₴
10 ₴
28/5/01 )
O THER
SECTION
2075 052
EHAT IS ONLY AS A 17ENSNE
RespecT The Benes HeLl
OF RICEPTION
CO0E4l.41
VE FoRes
you reornes
ARCO UNTIL
88-50 BEA IT HIT
OUTER KOUT
TAR SIGNAR
WENT BAChUBROS
MATTER
MILT WAy SHOR
TAS DARTE
BETWERE ZONES
Esch Zone Reacts to
PRODUCA ELECTRO MARNiTE
ENERGY
• Like A 5 Post MoTor
77885Śś
18 600
TO NEST
Prosi dun

===== PAGE 246 =====
{"alpha_words": 27, "chars": 141, "method": "ocr", "page": 246, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
sah SECO nacirths Sair

bed PMI RA FC}

f0é ERMC PETBIER

4

a

aes a SPEC BARE me,

ae

ie a fc ov i att i
aa He § Fe Ay “ 3

me See TB gy

===== PAGE 247 =====
{"alpha_words": 60, "chars": 526, "method": "ocr", "page": 247, "variant": "plain-vision"}
X 18 3 066
THE WORLD: Political
NE
ection 40|
157½
ection 40|
7 CIRCLE VISIT
15/2/06 - 88/5/06
(0D10-41
1:30 000 0
ARE SENDING
SIENMS
CODE 67 4615774)
SECTION 888
PAR UK LATTER 6S SUER
JUNBRIDER WELLS OK
CALVERLEY GROUNDS
I OURA CAR PARK.
TOmN CENTR
4 GRASS ARRA EN LONDON RORY
5 DF HOUNS EDGECHAA CONS
Cason Rojo
= A
ACIFIC
50 15/2 - 912 CHAND
1812 - 22/2-13
- T 16 L
22/2-
26/2 BUST - T SA D T
26/2 -
N SECUR N
313 -
1/2 Bare N Saus N
·/3 -
1473
6 LETTERS AY JO FIRELES WILL
TREES IS DARK
CODE MAMA LIM
NASA
PURÉLA UNIFORNS

===== PAGE 248 =====
{"alpha_words": 48, "chars": 299, "method": "ocr", "page": 248, "variant": "plain-vision"}
section 40
x 18-8-05
10
THE WORLD: Political
PROJECT Y
UN MAF
(USE SHALSCRA MAP OF 6B. FOR UHIMer)
1:80 000 000
GREENLAND
PACIFIC
CEAN
NEL THE
5 Been / 4F /1102
TARA THE IS C
TRA TA SO MO
YAND AT OF
MODE OF TRAMMORT
AND MADE BA
703 7176
ZONE ALLURER IS TO
DOLD CRUE ER
ALEN
NEASA
As did
AN EAR
C5E0

===== PAGE 249 =====
{"alpha_words": 109, "chars": 746, "method": "ocr", "page": 249, "variant": "plain-vision"}
X 18-8-06
10
THE WORLD: Political
ENERGY CIRCLE MESSAGE
1:80 000 00ął
11/7/06 18:89
T-18/8/04
18-00
The 9 letters will be down as follows.
4 CHELA
2= AUSTRALIA W AT7
3=UK
4=INDIA
5=RUSSIA 4ł
6=EUROPE W
7=U.S.A.
S-BRAZIL
§= SOUTH AFRICK h
PREM
the Guildford aree prior to the 11/7/06.
AUSTEr USA
TLIYV.PEV.I
All will appear at 18.00 hours uk time on the 11/7/2006 and will remain until
their place of origin, where J and G left for on 18/3/06. H will be dowsable in
ON 14/7/05 AT 15-00 H59
FURTHER 4 LETTEN WILL FORMS EN 14/8/01
IF CONT HANG FEN LETTES REL I
alphabet or numbers or computer codes ect.
TG1 - L
THE SAIS OF THE LETTES ARA ANCIENT
Gerik
AND ARE BEIN: RECEIVED AGAS DO CODE 42 AND
SO IT SEEMęŚ
TO LEFT AND DISTE DARK / ME REBRAL HORR

===== PAGE 250 =====
{"alpha_words": 101, "chars": 688, "method": "ocr", "page": 250, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Date opened (Date of first enclosure)
12 July 200%
Registered file number
•
RECORD OF KEYWORDS:
AE.
UNCLASSIFIEL
RESTRICTED/UNCLASSIFIED
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
MOD Form 329D
(Revised 8/00)
PPQ = 100
DIVISION/ESTABLISHMENT/UNIT/BRANCH
Attention is drawn
to the notes on
the inside flap.
Enter notes of
related files on
page 2 of this
jacket
DAS SEC.
[FULL ADDRESS & TELEPHONE NUMBER]
SUBJECT
UFOS.
PUBLIC CORRESPONDENCE.
[BLOCK CAPITALS]
Referred to
Date
2014
LOSED
FOR DRO USE ONLY
1st Review date
SEE PANIT
AF.
2nd Review date
PA ACTION
(MOD Form 262F
must be completed at
the time of file closure)
RCU001787749
000
Produced by MOD
DSDA (PC) Ky. Tel: 0117 9376256
ESTRICTES SIFIE
CLASSIFIE

===== PAGE 251 =====
{"alpha_words": 158, "chars": 1156, "method": "ocr", "page": 251, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Registered File Disposal Form
FILE TITLE: (Main, Heading - Secondary Heading - Tertiary Heading etc)
UFOS - PUBLIC CONNESPONDENCE.
MOD Form 262F
(Revised 9/01)
Reference:
(Prefix and Number):
DAS 64 3
Part:
PROTECTIVE MARKING (including caveats & descriptors):
Date of last enclosure:
Date closed:
5/12/07
FOR DEFENCE INFO(EXP)-R USE ONLY
PART 1. _ DISPOSAL SCHEDULE RECOMMENDATION
(To be completed when the file is closed)
Destroy after
Forward to INFO(EXP)-R after -
No recommendation
years
years
Date of 1st revie
Reviewer's
Signature
• 2nd review
Reviewer's
Signature:
Forward Destruction Date
PART 2. BRANCH REVIEW
tra be ally completed at time of the closure en
(Delete as appropriate)
Of no further administrative value and not worthy of permanent preservation. DESTROY IMMEDIATELY (Remember that TOP SECRET
and Codeword material cannot be destroyed locally and must be forwarded to INFO(EXP)-R.
b. (i) To be retained until the end of the year
for the following reason(s):
LEGAL
CONTRACTUAL
FINANCE/AUDIT
DIRECTORATE POLICY
DEFENCE POLICY + OPERATIONS
ORIGINAL COMMITTEE PAPERS
MAJOR EQUIPMENT PROJECT
OTHER (Specify)
PPQ = 100
(Continued overleaf)

===== PAGE 252 =====
{"alpha_words": 109, "chars": 781, "method": "ocr", "page": 252, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(¡¡)
Key enclosures which support the recommendation are:
PERMANEN
NETEr
(IlI) At the end of the specified retention period the file is to be:
Destroyed
Considered by DR for
permanent preservation
c. Of no further administrative value but worthy of consideration by INFO(EXP)-R for permanent preservation.
PART 3. BRANCH REVIEWING OFFICER (not below C2/equivalent)
Signature:
Section 40
PART 4 DESTRUCTION CERTIFICATE
It is certified that the specified file has been destroyed.
Signature:
Name:
вюск Gapitaisy
Name:
Branch Title and Full Address:
(Block Capitals)
Grade/Rank:
_ Date:
Witnessed by (TOP SECRET* and SECRET only)
Signature:
Name:
(Block Capitals)
_ Date: _
Grade/Rank:
*(FOR DR USE ONLY)
Tel No:
Produced by MOD, DSDA(PC) KY Tel. 0117 9376256
Astron. J0217876. 11/04

===== PAGE 253 =====
{"alpha_words": 106, "chars": 759, "method": "ocr", "page": 253, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
76
SUNS
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
ection 40
05 November 2007 12:23
Section 40
Subject: Release-Authorised: UFO Sighting.
Dear
section 40
I am writing with reference to your e.mail on the 31 October 2007, to the MOD regarding who to contact to
report a UFO. This office is the focal point within the Ministry of Defence for correspondence relating to UFOS.
The sighting can be reported to one of the following:-
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Or - DAS answerphone number - 0207 218 2140
Or - By e.mail - das-ufo-office@ mod.uk
hope this is helpful.
Yours sincerely
Section 40
Ministry of Defence
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
5h Floor, Zone H
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
05/11/2007.

===== PAGE 254 =====
{"alpha_words": 227, "chars": 1592, "method": "ocr", "page": 254, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 2
Section 40|
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
ection 40
02 November 2007 10:27
ection 40
Attachments: TO06588 2007 - 20071102084220 - S
ectionxto
From: Parli Branch-Treat-Official
Sent: 02 November 2007 08:44
To: DAS-Sec; Low Flying
Subject: Release-Authorised: Treat Official Correspondence: T006588/2007
TREAT OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE - TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY
DAS Sec
TO06588/2007
22 November 2007
Section 40
To:
Copy To:
Our Reference:
Due Date:
Correspondent:
Additional Advice:
The Rt Hon Des Browne MP has received the attached correspondence from a member of
the public, which this office has neither retained nor acknowledged. Please send a reply on
behalf of the PM/Minister/Department.
exceptionally, this should prove impossible, an interim reply should be sent within the
same timescale. You should be aware that No 10 periodically calls for a sample of letters
If correspondence includes a specific request for recorded information then it should be
treated under the terms of the Freedom of Information Act 2000, even if the Act is not
procedures for FOI requests. However, you will still need to acknowledge that you have
apply. If you are in any doubt as to whether a piece of correspondence should be treated
as an FOI request, you should ask your FOI Focal Point or refer to the guidance produced
by DG Info. (See the guidance at
http://defenceintranet.diiweb.r.mil.uk/DefenceIntranet/Admin/RespondToRequestsForInformatic
follow this link (once a response has been sent) to add your Final Reply Date and
close the case to remove it from your TO Task List:
02/11/2007

===== PAGE 255 =====
{"alpha_words": 72, "chars": 461, "method": "ocr", "page": 255, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 2
he Toolkit should notify the Ministerial Correspondence Unit (via ParliBranch-
Treat-Official@mod.uk) of the date of their reply so that Parli Branch can close
the record on the Toolkit.
Detailed guidance on handling TO Correspondence can be found on the Defence Intranet at
http://main.defence.mod.uk/min_parl/Par/Brch/TOGuid.htm. If you do not have access to
Regards,
MOD Parliamentary Branch
Ministerial Correspondence Unit
Section 40
02/11/2007

===== PAGE 256 =====
{"alpha_words": 57, "chars": 540, "method": "ocr", "page": 256, "variant": "plain-vision"}
т006588 2007 - 20071102084220 - s - Section 40
From: feedback@www.mod.uk
Sent: 31 October 2007 21:33
To: Ministers
Subject: Ask a Minister
Below is the result of your feedback form. It was submitted on wednesday,
October 31, 2007 at 21:32:49
txtfirstname
• Section 40
txtlastname:
txtsubject: ufo
txtaddress1: Section 40
txtaddress2:
txttowncity: liverpool
txtstatecountry: merseyside
txtzipcodepostcode: Section 40
txtcountry: United kingdom
txtemailAddress: Section 40
txtrequest: who do i contact to report a UFO? very important.
Page 1

===== PAGE 257 =====
{"alpha_words": 75, "chars": 562, "method": "ocr", "page": 257, "variant": "plain-vision"}
75
From: Section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
Preston
Lancashire
section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
17 October 2007
Dear Section 40
I am writing with reference to your recent letter.
As stated before, you will know our policy on UFOs.
Your comments have been noted and your letter will be placed on our files.
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 258 =====
{"alpha_words": 79, "chars": 581, "method": "ocr", "page": 258, "variant": "plain-vision"}
D/DAS/64/3
Section 40
FOI 1,
DONT LARRY ABOUT DIVERTING DEFENCE RESPURCES
LIFE IS TO SHORT. TiE DIRECTON CH/3 SHOULO FOLLOW FITS
WITH THE MODS VIEW ON UFO EVENTS
64/3-
AERIAL EVENTS:
FIGIMNES
NATURAL PHENOMENA I
TZ SYSTEMS
×35 1
PARTNERS
DOES THE 6H/3 FORMAT SUPPORT DICITAL IMACES!
I CAN SEVO MEES OF THE ACTVE I SYSTEMiNENZ BAG WHEAT.
WHO CAN ACCESS D/OAS /64/3
YOURS.
ection 40
Section 40
MOT
0/0A5/64/3
043
REPORTS
NATURAL
PHENOMENA
T2 SYSTEMS
AIRCRAFI
LIGHTS
AERIAL
EVENT:
FIG IMAGES
97 WISH UST
CONTACT
DATA COLLECTION -
6h+ 3
RECOCUITION → OUOTE (THIS RIND OF ACGAL 1O FRIE

===== PAGE 259 =====
{"alpha_words": 51, "chars": 258, "method": "ocr", "page": 259, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
»
- . SATCU RORETRNS HNaUALD
* “ f og id San 4 i
ae se ata & 74 4 7s ail f 5 .
wee oe ere eit kant wah wn eae UI Ey
“ te BOSSES sant Wow po!
er re Pe erat i .
ce ee ee ee Oe a |

PN acme res

ROR

FOL
MianstT] of
WW Good

Lowe
LORIT EE ALL
LOWO0ON
Qo1A ZAG

===== PAGE 260 =====
{"alpha_words": 4, "chars": 22, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 260, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ALGSGL TiS
are 4 OOF

===== PAGE 261 =====
{"alpha_words": 54, "chars": 445, "method": "ocr", "page": 261, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Section 40
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
Grantham
Lincolnshire
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
9 October 2007
DearSection 40
no such aircraft enters our airspace.
publish details of the sightings on an annual basis.
I hope this is helpful.
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 262 =====
{"alpha_words": 161, "chars": 1015, "method": "ocr", "page": 262, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
Grantham Lincolnshire
Telephone
section 40
Section 40
Section 40
Directorate Of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
Ministry of Defence
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building
Whitehall
London SW1A 2HB
16th September 2007
Your reference D/DAS/64/2
DearSection 40
Thank you for your helpful and informative letter of 10th September.
Since my wife telephoned RAF Waddington and gave them details of my UFO
Assuming (based on the number of port-holes) that the object was about the size of
and its speed about 40 miles per hour.
when observed at close quarters. My wite and I have, between us, seen three UFO's
trom this location during the past twelve years, two of which were seen this year.
house.)
We did not report the earlier sightings because we did not know what is the
reports if your role was more widely known. We should be grateful if you could give
an indication of whether you actively welcome reports of UFO sightings from
members of the public.
Yours sincerely,
Section 40
02
DAS
# SEP. 2007
FILE

===== PAGE 263 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 525, "method": "ocr", "page": 263, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page Lof 1
73*
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
section 40
05 October 2007 12:46
Section 40
Subject: release-authorised: DUMFRIES 21 AUGUST 2007
Dear
Section 40
Thank you for your letter of 28 September 2007 regarding a sighting over Dumfries on 21
August 2007 between 21:30 and 22:00.
The Ministry of Defence has no record of military aircraft in the area on that date and has no record of any
similar sighting for 21 August 2007.
I hope this is helpful.
Section 40
DAS-FOI
Section 40
MoD Main Building
London
SW1A 2HB
05/10/2007

===== PAGE 264 =====
{"alpha_words": 92, "chars": 580, "method": "ocr", "page": 264, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EAST 2 WEST UFO SOCIETY
"HERE TO INFORM"
Section 40
Livingston
West Lothian
Section 40
Tel:
e-mail:Section 40
28 September 2007
Dear sir/madam,
A resident of Dumfries, Scotland has contacted me
regarding a fiery red ball she saw in the skies over the town on the
21" August 2007 during the hours of 21.30 and 22.00.
Please could you let me know if there was any military activity in the
area on that date and time or indeed if anyone else has reported
similar sightings to you.
I look forward to hearing back from you.
Regards
Section 40|
Director of E2WUFOS
DAS BS2
- 5 OCT 2007

===== PAGE 265 =====
{"alpha_words": 47, "chars": 407, "method": "ocr", "page": 265, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOGUAL
From:
Section 40
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
Upney
Essex
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
21 September 2007
Dear
Section 4
Thank you for your letter dated 12 September 2007.
regarding UFO phenomena.
Yours sincerely
Section 40|

===== PAGE 266 =====
{"alpha_words": 136, "chars": 942, "method": "ocr", "page": 266, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
Upney
Essex
Section 40
Your Reference
D/DAS/64/3
22nd August 2007
3rd September 2007
4th September 2007
Dears
Section 40
12th September 2007
In your letter the 4th Sepember 2007, you state your office is a focal point.
Which means that you are a Officials appointed by Government within the
Ministry of Defence to discuss issues purely related to UFOS.
Does that mean, if you were afforded positive information regarding the
application of a UFO, the Department over which you hold Directorate
would, under the Freedom of Information I act, make that Information,
available to those whose intention is to do us most harm?.
That is a most Bizarre state of affairs and needs to be addressed.
which would react in the manner previously described
The depicted geometric-rotor perplexed a precision engineer, but he was astute
enough to apply a Proprietory Confidentiallity regarding it's reproduction.
Yours Truky
Section 40
OAS
TAILE

===== PAGE 267 =====
{"alpha_words": 91, "chars": 607, "method": "ocr", "page": 267, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
TOMY
section 40
20 September 2007 09:43
section 40
Dear
Section 40
Rendlesham Incident.
Unless there is evidence of a potential threat to the United Kingdom from an external military
resources were diverted for this purpose, but it is not the function of the MOD to provide this kind of
aerial identification service. It would be an inappropriate use of defence resources if we were to do
SO.
alleged incident, nothing has emerged to make us believe that our original assessment was incorrect.
section 40
DAS-FOI
MoD Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
20/09/2007

===== PAGE 268 =====
{"alpha_words": 122, "chars": 869, "method": "ocr", "page": 268, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 2 1
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Section 40
19 September 2007 17:49
section 40
Subject: Re: FREEDOM OF INFORMATION REQUEST 06-09-2007-064728-002 - RENDLESHAM
on 40
Thank you for your response.
Halt account from this incident from another source.
can obtain information elsewhere, not from any mod source.
within the relevant departments within the government.
Thank you & I await your response.
Section 40
--Original Message
From: Section 40
To:
section 40
Sent: Tue, 11 Sep 2007 9.18am
@mod.uk>
Dear
Section 40|
defences had occurred on the nights in question. As there was no evidence to substantiate an event of
allegations have subsequently been made about these reported events, nothing has emerged over the
this Department was incorrect. The MoD file on the matter is available for viewing at www.mod.uk
by searching under the word Rendlesham.
20/09/2007

===== PAGE 269 =====
{"alpha_words": 70, "chars": 459, "method": "ocr", "page": 269, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 2
mail Info-XD@mod.uk). Please note that any request for an internal review must be made within 40
It you remain unhappy tollowing an internal review, you may take your complaint to the Information
Commissioner under the provisions of Section 50 of the Freedom of Information Act. Please note
Section 40
DAS-FOI
London
SW1A 2HB
Get a FREE AOL Email account with unlimited storage. Plus, share and store photos and experience
information.
20/09/2007

===== PAGE 270 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 380, "method": "ocr", "page": 270, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From: Section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
Alton
Hampshire
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
10 September 2007
Dear
Section 40
Yours sincerely
section 40

===== PAGE 271 =====
{"alpha_words": 53, "chars": 448, "method": "ocr", "page": 271, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PELOSUE
69
From: Section 40
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
Houghton-Le-Spring
Tyne and Wear
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
4 September 2007
Dear Section 40
by searching under UFO reports.
http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk.
I hope this is helpful.
Yours sincerely
Section 40|

===== PAGE 272 =====
{"alpha_words": 229, "chars": 1561, "method": "ocr", "page": 272, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 2
Section 40
From:
Sent:
ection 40
30 August 2007 12:53
To:
Subject:
Attachments: TO05372 2007 - 20070830125050 -S
For U (FO)
AKI
From: Parli Branch-Treat-Official
Sent: 30 August 2007 12:51
To: DAS-Sec; Low Flying
To:
Copy To:
Our Reference:
Due Date:
Correspondent:
DAS Sec
TO05372/2007
19 September 2007
on
[*MinAddName*] has received the attached correspondence from a member of the public,
which this office has neither retained nor acknowledged. Please send a reply on behalf of
the PM/Minister/Department.
Ministers attach great importance to correspondence being answered promptly, and your
same timescale. You should be aware that No 10 periodically calls for a sample of letters
sent by officials on the PM's behalf for his perusal.
Most correspondence involves some form of request for information - even if it is only a
request for clarification of Government policy - and is therefore covered by the Freedom of
the correspondence requests information which is not already in the public domain, and
the Access to Information toolkit, and comply with the separate FOI guidance from DG Info
or refer to the guidance produced by DG Info.
Toolkit will now record the basic details. Once a response has been sent,
ParliBranch-Treat-Official@mod.uk) of the date of your reply so that the record
Detailed guidance on handling TO Correspondence can be found on the Defence Intranet at
http://main.defence.mod.uk/min_parl/ParlBrch/TOGuid.htm. If you do not have access to
the Intranet, please inform the Ministerial Correspondence Unit.
30/08/2007

===== PAGE 273 =====
{"alpha_words": 25, "chars": 237, "method": "ocr", "page": 273, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
TREAT OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE - TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY
Page 2 of2
Email: ParliBranch-Treat-Official@mod.uk
Regards,
MOD Parliamentary Branch
Ministerial Correspondence Unit
section 40
e: ParliBranch-Treat-Official@mod.uk
30/08/2007

===== PAGE 274 =====
{"alpha_words": 149, "chars": 1057, "method": "ocr", "page": 274, "variant": "plain-vision"}
T005372 2007 - 20070830125050 - Section 40
From: feedback@www.mod.uk
Sent: 24 August 2007 00:55
To: Ministers
Subject: Ask a Minister
Below is the result of your feedback form. It was submitted on Friday, August
24, 2007 at 00:55:09
txtfirstname
Section 41
txtlastname:
txtsubject: UFO sightings in the Sunderland area.
txtaddress1:
Section 40
txtaddress2:
txttowncity: Houghton - Le - Spring
txtstatecountry: Tyne and wear
txtzipcodepostcode: Section 40
txtcountry: United Kingdom
txtemailaddress:
Section 40
txtrequest: I would like to gather information to as the adress or where abouts
of where i can contact someone that would be interested in UFO sightings in the
sunderland area. I have recently sighted several UFO's the the local area of
Houghton - Le - Spring in the past weeks and i personally think that it is a
matter to be brought up with yourselves. I am 16 years of age and have witnesses
to prove that theese UFO's have been sighted in the local area. It would be much
apreciated if any feedback could be given.
Thank you
section 40
Page 1

===== PAGE 275 =====
{"alpha_words": 73, "chars": 545, "method": "ocr", "page": 275, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
From:
Directorate of Air Staff — Freedom of Information 1

MINISTRY OF DEFENCE —
5" Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB

Telephone (Direct dial) 020 7218 2140

(Switchboard) 72
(Fax)

Your Reference:
Upney Our Reference:
Essex D/DAS/64/3
: Date:
4 September 2007

I am writing regarding your letter dated 3 September 2007.

This office is the focal point within the Ministry of Defence for correspondence relating purely to
UFO’s.

Your comments have been noted and your letter will be placed on our files.

Yours sincerely

===== PAGE 276 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 424, "method": "ocr", "page": 276, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
Directorate of Air Staff
Freedom of Information 1
Sth Floor, Zone H,
Main Building.
Your Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
22 August 2007
Section 40
Upney
Essex
• Section 40
3rd. September 2007
Tele -_--
Dear Section 40
of Information over which you hold a Directorate, with extreme caution, for the
consequence would be dire.
I will welcome any query, criticism, or comments that you care to make.
Youre tr
Section 40

===== PAGE 277 =====
{"alpha_words": 257, "chars": 1803, "method": "ocr", "page": 277, "variant": "plain-vision"}
An Electro-Mechanical
SIMULATION
Of the Cause Effecting
Geodynamics
My proposition, in accordance with established scientific fact is, that all physical
matter when subjected to extremes of temperature or pressure, it invariably causes
subject matter.
Accordingly, there is a scientifically sound reason to deduce, that the extreme
spherical inner-core to engender the physical property of a solid.
Please refer to article in The Times August 26 2005.
Two Professors of Geophysics have stated, that at 1,200 kilometers from the earth's
pressures exceeed a million atmospheres, unquote; I informed them then, (which has
since been proven) that a simulation of such conditions, a Diamond could be
produced
Please refer to an article by Jayne Atherton published on Febuary 17th 2004.
And to photocopy from Scientific American, December 1989.
would seem to be without join and therefore, appears to be a solid sphere.
When your technical staff have resolved it's geometric structure, they will find that
the spherical rotor has an intrinsic torque construction, which if it were electro-
magnetically suspended, and coerced to to rotate in accordance with conventionally
applied techniques, it would then perforce, be induced to generate an electro-
magnetic- field- force- effect.
Scientists in America have been for some considerable time experimenting with a
Gyro in electro-magnetic-suspension, with a solid or hollow sphere.
Please refer to my now filed letter of 13th August 2007. and to the photcopy of a
to a photocopy from New Scientist 5th February 1970.
Perhaps I should also state, that my findings coincide with that of three Russian
mindful of what atomic physicist Robert Oppenheimer ruefully reflected, "Now I
have become death destroyer of WorldạẠạ
And that situation now gathers momentum.

===== PAGE 278 =====
{"alpha_words": 656, "chars": 4198, "method": "ocr", "page": 278, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE TIMES FRIDAY AUGUST 26 2005 2wc
NEWS 31
Scientists put new spin on Earth's core
By Mark Henderson
Science Correspondent
THE Earth's inner core is rotat-
ing faster than the rest of the
planet, scientists have found.
An ingenious comparison of
earthquakes has revealed that
the sofid ball of iron and nickel
at the centre of the planet is
spinning about nait a degree
more quickly than its upper lay-
ers. While the excess spin is
very small, it means that over.
900 years the very centre of the
Earth will complete one more
revolution than the rest.
The findings settle a scientif-
ic controversy that has raged
for nine years, since Professor
Paul Richards, of Columbia
University in New York, and
Professor Xiaodong Song, ot
the University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign, first pro-
posed the core's odd behaviour.
Their 1996 study was widely
disputed, with many research-
ers suggesting that the appar-
ent extra spin was in fact
caused by measurement errors.
While the core is poorly un-
derstood - the great physicist
Richard Feynman once said we
know more about the centre of
the Sun than the centre of the
Earth - it is critical to the
make-up of the planet, and
indeed to life on Earth. Cur-
rents in the core create a vast
dynamo that generates the
planet's magnetic field. With-
out this, the surface would be
exposed to radioactive cosmic
rays and plasma from solar
flares that would make the ex-
istence of complex life all but
impossible.
in the new study, details of
which are published in the
journal Science, a team led by
Professor Song and Professor
Richards made use of earth-
quakes in the South Sandwich
Islands, in the Pacific Ocean.
Two earthquakes, in 1993
and 2003, occurred no more
than half a mile apart and gen-
erate prete the rough ot
seismographs thousands of
miles away in Alaska. The seis-
mic waves from the 2003 earth-
quake, which passed through
the Earth's core, arrived at the
Alaska
monitoring. station
about a tenth of a second more
quickly than they did in 1993.
Only an inner core spinning
faster than other parts of the
Earth can explain this.
The most likely explanation
is electromagnetic
coupling,
the phenomenon that drives
electric motors. "The magnetic
field generated in the outer
core diffuses into the inner
tric cute professor song
said. "The interaction of that
current with the magnetic field
causes the inner core to spin."
The waves arrive
in Alaska and
are identified by
their unique wave
pattern.
Waves from the
2003 earthquake
arrive a tenth of a
second before
those of 1993
• The centre of the Earth lies about
4.000 miles below the surface
OThe inner and outer cores are
made up mostly ot tron but also
contam nickel and trace
elements
O Temperatures in the inner
core stand at about
4.300C and in the outer
core at 3.700C
OImmense pressure
heeps the inner
core solid at this
temperature
College.
Alaska
Seismic waves from
the earthquakes
pass through
Earth's core
The discrepancy in
time proves that the
core rotates 0.3 to
0.5 degrees faster
than the rest of Earth
Solid inner core
1,500 miles wide
Upper and Jower manues
1,870 miles thick
Two earthquakes.
in 1993 and
2003. occuring
only half a mile
apart. are plotted
on seismographs
MODELAND SPECIFICATION SHOWN RAV4 XTR 2.0 D-40 5 DOOR MANUAL FROM £19.995 ON THE ROAD. *ADVERTISED FINANCE OFFER AVAILABLE ON RAV4 XT-R2.0 WTI 5 DOOR WHEN FINANCED THROUGH TOYOTA FINANCIAL SERVICES ON A PERSONAL CONTRACT PURCHASE DRIVE PLAN, t£1,000 TOWARDS YOUR FINANCE DEPOSIT OFFER
VAILABLE ON ELIGIBLE VEHICLES ORDERED, REGISTERED AND FINANCED THROUGH TOYOTA FINANCIAL SERVICES, GREAT BURGH, BURGH HEATH, EPSOM, SURREY KT18 5UZ BETWEEN 24TH JUNE AND 30TH SEPTEMBER 2005, AT PARTICIPATING CENTRES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY. OTHER FINANCE OFFERS ARE
IVAILABLE. LICENSED CREDIT BROKER. INDEMNTES MAY BE REQURED. FINANCE SUBJECT TO STATUS TO OVER 18'S ONLY. PRICE CORRECT AT TIME OF GOING TO PRESS AND INCLUDES VAT, DELIVERY CHARGE, NUMBER PLATES, ONE YEAR'S ROAD FUND LICENCE AND 238 FIRST REGISTRATION FEE. SUBJECT TO AVAILABILITY
OFFICIAL FUEL CONSUMPTION FIGURES FOR THE RAV4 2.0 D-4D IN MPG (L/100KM): URBAN - 31.7 (8.9), EXTRA-URBAN - 43.6 (6.1), COMBINED - 39.8 (7.1), CO2 - 190 G/KM

===== PAGE 279 =====
{"alpha_words": 148, "chars": 991, "method": "ocr", "page": 279, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN
December 1989
Volume 261
Number 6
INNER
CORE
MANTLE
DURATION OF POLARITY
TRANSITIONS
TENS OF THOUSANDS OF YEARS
INTERVAL BETWEEN POLARITY
REVERSALS
MILLIONS OF YEARS
CHANGES IN REVERSAL
FREQUENCY
HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF YEARS
MAGNETIC FIELD PATTERN OBSERVED OVER THE OCEAN CRUST
JEREMY BLOXHAM and DAVID GUB-
BINS have collaborated on investiga-
tions of the earth's magnetic field since
1980. Bloxham is assistant professor
of geophysics at Harvard University. In
1986 he earned his Ph.D. at the Universi-
ty of Cambridge, where he was one of
Gubbins's graduate students. Gubbins
is now professor of geophysics at the
University of Leeds. In 1972 he obtained
his Ph.D. from Cambridge in the labora-
tory of Sir Edward C. Bullard. He was a
member of the department of earth sci-
ences and a fellow of Churchill College
when he left Cambridge in 1989. Gub
bins and Charles R. Carrigan wrote "The
Source of the Earth's Magnetic Fieldi;
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN, February, 1979.

===== PAGE 280 =====
{"alpha_words": 235, "chars": 1389, "method": "ocr", "page": 280, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Diamond in the sky
BY JAYNE ATHERTON
A MASSIVE diamond of 10billion-
trillion trillion carats has been found in
deep space.
The 2,500-mile wide star made from
crystallised carbon was discovered in
the constellation Centaurus about 50
light years from the Earth.
'You would need a jeweller's loupe as
big as the Sun to grade this diamond,'
said astronomer Travis Metcalfe.
The star has been named Lucy, after
the Beatles song Lucy In The Sky
With Diamonds.
Once as bright as our Sun, Lucy is all
that is left of an old star which used up
all its nuclear fuel and died.
Astronomers predict our Sun will
become a white dwarf when it dies in
an estimated billion years.
Lucy is not only radiant but also
pulsates like a gigantic gong.
Mr Metcalfe and a team at Harvard-
Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics
have measured these pulsations.
'As a result, We figured out the car-
bon interior of this white dwarf has
solidified to form the galaxy's largest
diamond,' Mr Metcalfe added. •
A JEWEL IN SPACE
Its called BPM 37093
out it ne been
nicknamed Lucy,
after the Beatles
song Lucy in The
Sky With
Dinonds
natellation
What
05+0 90 07
What is a white dwarf? It is the last stage of a star's
lifecycle
A star
burns
hydrogen
at do cure
What s 2:F/:
2. When this
›tut: to run
out the star
expands into
I red giant
3. When .di thi
hytoy shaped
all that r lettes th
rore which cod to
form a whi deal

===== PAGE 281 =====
{"alpha_words": 21, "chars": 158, "method": "ocr", "page": 281, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Cause/Lifect
of
Constricted Expansion
The inherent structure of a duodecimifid-sphere
Elevated upper and lower sections
Enclaved upper and lower sections

===== PAGE 282 =====
{"alpha_words": 229, "chars": 1419, "method": "ocr", "page": 282, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SCENITE
AMERICAN
N Sountai 5 Fis 1920
Gyro suspended in vacuum
• gyroscopic rotor, freely suspended in a
acuum and therefore little affected by friction
r drag, which has been in development since
967, is expected to come to service trials later
is year as the crucial factor in an inertial
avigation system for the USAF. In tests so far
is reported to have achieved results more
ccurate than those of other inertial systems. It
as been brought torward by Honeywell Ltd.
Full details of the device are
not yet
eleased. What can be said is that the rotor is a
ollow beryllium sphere
suspended in an
electrically charged field" within a ceramic
avelope which is provided with a miniature
acuum pump. There are marks on the rotor
hich enable a beam of light to pick off any
hanges in the rotor's orientation. These are
ansmitted to a computer which resolves them,
›gether with other data, into navigational
erms.
The rotor spins at rates up to 60 000 rpm
nd it is said to be able to operate over long
eriods without adjustment because of the
elative
absence of precession.
Research
irected to the production of this device was
carted in 1956. The makers say that the
ystem has accumulated 7000 hours of test
me since 1967.
position constant. In operation the rotor is scaled inside a vacuum j
mid-air by electromagnet abose it. A coil below-senses the rotors
position and changes the strength of the electromagnet to hold

===== PAGE 283 =====
{"alpha_words": 24, "chars": 151, "method": "ocr", "page": 283, "variant": "plain-vision"}
By hand
For the personal attention of;
Directorate of Air Staff
Freedom of Information 1
5th Floor, Zone HI,
Main
Building,
Whitehall,
London SWIA
2HB

===== PAGE 284 =====
{"alpha_words": 89, "chars": 607, "method": "ocr", "page": 284, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
section 40
24 August 2007 11:59
section 40
Subject: Release-Authorised: UFO Sighting.
Dear
ection 40
Thank you for you email for which we have just received, regarding the date of your sighting.
I am sorry for the mistake of the date of your sighting report in your letter dated 17 August 2007. It was a
typing error. It was actually recorded as 2006 as you had stated in your previous e.mail.
Sorry for the confusion.
Yours sincerely
Section 4
Ministry of Defence
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
24/08/2007

===== PAGE 285 =====
{"alpha_words": 187, "chars": 1285, "method": "ocr", "page": 285, "variant": "plain-vision"}
section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Categories:
Section 40
24 August 2007 11:45
FW: foi email request
Pass to DAS
Section
40
Can you amend your records. Send a quick e-mail to her saying thanks for that and that
you will correct your records.
Normal business, not FOI
-Original Message--
From:
ction 40
Sent: 24 August 2007 11:39
To: Section 4
Subject: FW: foi email request
Section 40
I assume that this email is for your area? I trust that you will confirm.
Regards
ection 40
FOI Helpdesk
-Original Message-
From: feedback@www.mod.uk [mailto:feedback@www.mod.uk]
Sent: 23 August 2007 12:24
To: Info-Access-Office
Subject: foi email request
Below is the result of your feedback form. It was submitted on Thursday, August 23,
2007 at 12:24:24
txttitle:
ection 40
txtfirstname:
Section 40
txtlastname:
txtoccupation: Retired
txtorganisation: n.a
txtemailAddress:
Section 40
txttelephone:!
Section 40
txtinforequest: Thank you for your letter of the 17th August 07.
your Ref number D/DAS/64/2
To confirm the year as you put down 2007, which is wrong. the date I put is 27/07/06
not 07yr.
The Walney Island Air field (which i rang them first) told me that they close at 7.pm.
So they could not have it on radar at 10.45pm.
Anyway thanks for your help. I still look to the sky.
Section 40

===== PAGE 286 =====
{"alpha_words": 64, "chars": 493, "method": "ocr", "page": 286, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From: Section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
ection
Section 40
Upney
Essex
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
22 August 2007
Dear
Section 40
Thank you for your letter dated 13 August 2007.
Your comments have been noted and your letter will be placed on our files.
Yours sincerely
Section 40|

===== PAGE 287 =====
{"alpha_words": 109, "chars": 796, "method": "ocr", "page": 287, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
*

Upney
Essex

Dear Nick Pope.

The underlying principle of U_F.O's is Electro-Magnetic. |

It essentially concerns a specifically designed spherical rotor, which when coeced t to.
rotate in accordance with known and applied techniques, it would cause the rotor to |
emit a self induced electro-magnetic-field-force-effect. )
Professor Eric Laithwaithe was working on the right lines, but he abandoned maglev -
because it was dependant on an external power source.

The Americans have been for some considerable time experimenting with electro-
magnetic-suspension-techniques, but they should by now have realised that a solid or
hollow spherical rotor would always be unstable, and therefore be in need of constant
correction,

| hope that I have sufficiently aroused you interest to respond.

===== PAGE 288 =====
{"alpha_words": 9, "chars": 81, "method": "ocr", "page": 288, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IND
7 4504
13
2007
vr Nick Pope
U.F.O. Investigator
at the M.O.D.)
London SW 19.

===== PAGE 289 =====
{"alpha_words": 9, "chars": 70, "method": "ocr", "page": 289, "variant": "plain-vision"}
If undelivered, please return to;
Section 40|
Upney
Essex Section 40|

===== PAGE 290 =====
{"alpha_words": 169, "chars": 1094, "method": "ocr", "page": 290, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
CLO
65
KATES
section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Section 40
22 August 2007 10:52
Section 4@ aol.com'
Subject: Release-Authorised: UFOs.
Dear
ection 40
I am writing regarding your last e.mail, that I received today.
You asked the question of if we wanted the video footage of your sighting. Thank you for offering, but we do
not require it. As stated before, the MOD does not have any expertise or role in respect of 'UFO/flying saucer'
matters to the question of the existence or otherwise of extraterrestrial life forms, about which it remains
totally open-minded. I should add that to date, the MOD knows of no evidence which substantiates the
existence of these alleged phenomena. The MOD examines any reports of 'UFO sightings it receives solely
to establish whether what was seen might have some defence significance; namely, if there is any evidence
that the UK's airspace might have been compromised by hostile or unauthorised air activity.
I hope this is helpful and explains our policy clearly.
Yours sincerely
Section 40
MOD FOI1
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
22/08/2007

===== PAGE 291 =====
{"alpha_words": 23, "chars": 163, "method": "ocr", "page": 291, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
Section 40
From:
Section 4@aol.com
Sent:
21 August 2007 18:57
To:
tion 40
Subject: Re: UFOs.
Ok cheers.
Do you need the video footage also?
22/08/2007

===== PAGE 292 =====
{"alpha_words": 60, "chars": 427, "method": "ocr", "page": 292, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Section 40
22 August 2007 11:28
Section 40
Subject: release-authorised: UFO REPORTS
Dear Sirs,
Thank you for your enquiry of 21 August 2007.
The Ministry of Defence has not published its UFO reports in book form. However, details are available on our
website www.mod.uk by searching under *UFO Reports".
section
DAS-FOI
Section 4
40
MoD Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
22/08/2007

===== PAGE 293 =====
{"alpha_words": 142, "chars": 1007, "method": "ocr", "page": 293, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
ection 40
21 August 2007 15:50
FW: UFO reports in book format
Categories:
Pass toSection 40DAS
Section 40
I trust that you are happy to take this request?
Regards
ection 40
FOI Helpdesk
From:
ection 40
Sent: 21 August 2007 11:58
To: Info-Access-Office
Subject: UFO reports in book format
On Behalf Of INFO LibSvcs-PublicEnquires-Office
Dear FOI team,
Please see the below enquiry. It's not an FOI but as the reports originate from you could you answer/advise and then
Ill forward on a reply?
Thanks
O
Section 40
Assistant Librarian
Information Delivery Team
ection 40
Ministry of Defence Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
Tel Section 40
Mil:
Email: Section 40
@mod.uk
From: feedback@www.mod.uk [mailto:feedback@www.mod.uk]
Sent: 21 August 2007 11:52
To: webmaster@dgics.mod.uk
Subject: Research Enquiry
Below is the result of your feedback form. It was submitted on Tuesday, August 21, 2007 at 11:51:45
txtname:
ection 40
txtemailAddress:
Section 40
txtcountry: UK

===== PAGE 294 =====
{"alpha_words": 75, "chars": 452, "method": "ocr", "page": 294, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
txtrequest: Please can you advise us as to whether the information contained in UFO Reports recently made public
under the Freedom of Information provisions has been published for purchase, or whether it is only available on-line to
d ‘load. We are a bookshop and have a customer who has heard that the relevant information is now available in
boux form. If this is the case, would you please advise us of the details and purchase price. Many thanks.

===== PAGE 295 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 301, "method": "ocr", "page": 295, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Page 1 of 1

Sent: 21 August 2007 16:26
To: Section Gauges
Subject: Release-Authorised: UFOs.

Thank you for the photograph of the video footage for which you sent to this office via e.mail.
it has been put on our files.

Yours sincerely

MOD FOI 1
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB

21/08/2007

===== PAGE 296 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 336, "method": "ocr", "page": 296, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Pagelof1 L
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Section 4@aol.com
09 August 2007 21:27
ection 40
Subject: Re: UFO Sighting.
Thought you might like to see the photo I took from the video footage when slow motioned. Cheers for the
response.:) The truth is out there S
Section 40
Section 40
Photojournalist
Section 40
Photography Website
21/08/2007

===== PAGE 297 =====
{"alpha_words": 46, "chars": 383, "method": "ocr", "page": 297, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From: Section 40
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Section 40
Nr. Leiston
Suffolk
section 40
Dear
Section 40
of UFOs and UFO phenomena.
on the 7 August 2007.
I hope this is helpful and explains our policy clearly.
Yours sincerely
Section 40
L
62
MARES
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
ection 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
20 August 2007

===== PAGE 298 =====
{"alpha_words": 78, "chars": 609, "method": "ocr", "page": 298, "variant": "plain-vision"}
L
From:
section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5hh Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
section 40
Section 40
Hemel Hempstead
Hertfordshire
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
20 August 2007
Dear
section
August 2007, for which have been added to your previous report.
2007.
enters our airspace.
which substantiates the existence of these alleged phenomena.
Finally, sorry, that I could not give you an explanation as to what you saw.
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 299 =====
{"alpha_words": 68, "chars": 535, "method": "ocr", "page": 299, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From: Section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
TOSURA
GER
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
section 40
Section 40
Preston
Lancashire
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
16 August 2007
Dear
Section 40
I am writing concerning your letter dated 8 August 2007.
Your comments have been noted and your letter has been placed on our files.
Thank you.
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 300 =====
{"alpha_words": 159, "chars": 939, "method": "ocr", "page": 300, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FOI 1
08 07
DE ?
Section 40
D/DAS/ 64/3
ection 40
THANK YOU FOR REPLY. THE MOD WILL NOT
KNOW WHAT I MEAN BECAUSE IT IS SO HARO TO EXPLAI
INS SHORT.
BUT TZUST , I WOULO NOT WASTE MY TILLS
DE YOURS WRITING ABRUT NAV LIGHIS.
INHEN SETH COTTER SIT ENCURT I
CALLED THIS THING
Fd.
K .... HAS BEEN VISIBLE. THINK ABOUT THAT.
I HAVE SENT A VIS RER DE AN EG EVENT.
3 TOS PRE EV. WEATHER SUS, 10 13 14 IS VISUALS,
16 M EV. END.
MOO SHOLO RECOCNISE T2 VISUALS
F6 EVENTS USE 3 HUCE T2 SISTEMS. IN
CORRECT PLACE TUERE IS A VIEU THROUÇH THO
T2 SYSTEM •
IS THERE ANY ONE WED USES
THIS KINO DE
IO.
YouRs
Section 40
THE BRAN DOES NOT PROCESS CUN GOONOMICAL?
O ES OF NO USE. ILS DOES NOT MEAN THET
ARE NOT THERE.
ONCE THE BRAIN HAS A (TYPE ID IN MEMORY
IT IS ABLE TO PICK UP ON THESE VISUALE. I CALL
TUESE 'TYPE ID' VISUAL PROGRAMS,
68
₴= 400
TZ VIS PROC
= YOU WILL SEE THESE
SUSZMS IN THE WEATHER.
D/DAS| 64 3 SP IACE IS A V.P
I HAVE
. MATRIX VISCALS V.P.

===== PAGE 301 =====
{"alpha_words": 9, "chars": 45, "method": "ocr", "page": 301, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
SK A MEO OF THE 'VEKCra “AYO
. uw qolce

Cu

===== PAGE 302 =====
{"alpha_words": 10, "chars": 65, "method": "ocr", "page": 302, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
OF & An! Agove Of 0% 07 | \
MAITAL MACE SOY" OT OLOT - . )

\aQ

===== PAGE 303 =====
{"alpha_words": 1, "chars": 6, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 303, "variant": "clean-vision"}
VA
16

===== PAGE 304 =====
{"alpha_words": 28, "chars": 165, "method": "ocr", "page": 304, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
reset
, “hoa? oh
ee =
ee
- a. :
. } * Le
, as Poo va ada”
ate
a

She ye ewe ig “Tea pA lag Pn, cian
eee a ee 1h a Ware!
OM. ET i :

$G2Nc: eneseeenanenmmmmme

FILE

===== PAGE 305 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 3, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 305, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
e

===== PAGE 306 =====
{"alpha_words": 79, "chars": 610, "method": "ocr", "page": 306, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From: Section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5h Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
ection
Section 40
Dollar
Clackmananshire
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
8 August 2007
Dear
ection 41
14" July 2007. Sorry for the delay in replying.
compromised by hostile or unauthorised air activity.
just that no other member of the public actually reported it to this office.
Thope this is helpful and explains our policy clearly.
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 307 =====
{"alpha_words": 99, "chars": 563, "method": "ocr", "page": 307, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
Section 40|
polar
Dollar
Section 40
clackmansianshere.
Dear
Section 40
am sorting in
on regards you, letter whick
you went mo
Ive Tried to Phone
You, I was not the only Person
who saw the There was he off was
standing watching the be lights
also taxi drivers
sorends mayhe shiny
dong the
Zeport it cause Know one
would believe it One off my
other
neighlours sad that
seater Pkoned to Them and
they thought it was toke. Well
here one A hones number you ean.
Phone, The work said you can Phone,
the will try ang and get othes.
Yours Jaikfully
section 40

===== PAGE 308 =====
{"alpha_words": 28, "chars": 181, "method": "ocr", "page": 308, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Here is my neighbours Flore
number her and Husband were
Both Wed Watching also another
reighbors across from them.
Please excuse contin
have arthritis
DAS
102NO
- 2 AUG 2007
I FILE

===== PAGE 309 =====
{"alpha_words": 48, "chars": 338, "method": "ocr", "page": 309, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
58
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Section 40
08 August 2007 11:48
Section 40
@HOTMAIL.CO.UK'
Subject: Release-Authorised: UFOs.
Dear
section 4i
Thank you for the newspaper clipping for which you sent to this office.
it has been put on our files.
Yours sincerely
ection
MOD FOI 1
Main Building
Whitenali
London
SW1A 2HB
08/08/2007

===== PAGE 310 =====
{"alpha_words": 296, "chars": 1798, "method": "ocr", "page": 310, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Herald, Friday, Julý 27, 2007
e-mail: east!
UFOs or just balloons?
STRANGE lights in the sky have
left residents wondering whether
aliens have landed.
Several people reported seeing
UFOs in the sky late on Saturday
night in the form of bright orange
floating lights
More than 200 miles away in
Stratford-upon-Avon in
Warwickshire similar lights were
seen just an hour earlier catching
the attention of more than 100
people.
John Stanton, 49, of Southfields,
Polegate, said, "I was watching
boxing on the TV and just as I
went to pull my curtains I saw
strange lights in the sky.
Ạại have never seen anything like it
in my life. I woke my wife up and
she got the camera and took
pictures.
There were around 12 to 15 of
the bright lights and I am certain
that these were not aircraft lights.
"There was no sound when the
bright objects were moving across
the sky and they were moving
The bright objects then went into
the clouds and never appeared
again. This all happened at
around 10.45pm.
Bernie Hunt also saw the lights at
around the same time.
He said, " was driving from
Hailsham toward Stone Cross on
Hailsham Road and as I passed
Glyndley Manor I noticed in the
sky over Polegate a strange
formation of about 20 bright
orange lights high in the sky."
The Herald's chiet sup editor,
Julia Northcott, also saw the
strange phenomenon which she
described as 'glowing globes'.
She said, "I was walking along
Farmlands Way with a couple of
friends after spending the evening
at the British Queen.
We noticed about 20 glowing
globes floating on the lower part
of the horizon towards Polegate.
"They were quite pretty.
"One of my friends said straight
away they were some sort of
balloon, but we still had a good
augh about the aliens landing."
LEFT: The strange lights
pictured by John Stanton: (c)

===== PAGE 311 =====
{"alpha_words": 27, "chars": 199, "method": "ocr", "page": 311, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
/
• Section 40
ST
Cyad iall mwzoyalmal.com /
GU* HATRYPOTTE
27.07.07
STAVIPS
MiNiSTRY OF
DEFENCE ONSALEITAILY
DiRECTOR of AiR STAFF
FREEDOM OF INFORMATiON |
5 FLA, ZOUE DING
WHitEHALL
ONDON
SWIA 2HB

===== PAGE 312 =====
{"alpha_words": 9, "chars": 82, "method": "ocr", "page": 312, "variant": "clean-vision"}
AT0907669
SW25.07.07
UNDELiVERD RETURU To
Section 40
-POLBATE
Section 40
E SUSSEX

===== PAGE 313 =====
{"alpha_words": 106, "chars": 678, "method": "ocr", "page": 313, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
section 40
@hotmail.co.uk]
26 July 2007 16:47
section 40
Subject: RE: UFO sighting/FOI request - 24-07-2007-074837-001
dear
Abany thanks for your reply regarding my report to your office concernig lights in
the sky over polgate in east sussex where i live.i have been intouch with the local press who told
me that someone also reported the same thing to them.the pictures i have taken may be printed
in the local press on friday the27.7.07, If they print them in the paper i will send you a copy. Many
thanks for your diplomatic view on this matter regards Section 40
Are you the Quizmaster? Play BrainBattle with a friend now!
31/07/2007

===== PAGE 314 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 366, "method": "ocr", "page": 314, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:|
Section 40
57
ALANDES
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Preston
Lancashire
ection 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
7 August 2007
Dear
Section 40
resources if we were to do so.
existence of these alleged phenomena.
Sorry I could not be any help.
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 315 =====
{"alpha_words": 97, "chars": 569, "method": "ocr", "page": 315, "variant": "plain-vision"}
D0ASEH3
Section 40
07 07 SYSTEM MEd
dies
TO
Section 40
I FEEL UKE I KUS YOU NEW.
STONEY LANE
SETTER EVER TIME LOT SETS
ISNT HITLE TRINES LOIZZING ABOUT
INERE IS
FOZCE ITS WAY OUT OF THE SEYBIHIN
I TINK I MENTIONED SUSTEM
2 MECHANICS IN MY LAST LETTER.
• RED DE A TOF
SOMETIMES
елет
FOU SI
АСЕ,
0043
OF
THE BEST
REPS OF
ES
AT WORK USING
SIE
vies.
THE ACTIVITY I
TURT MAKE UNDE SA! ON, BUT
HEAT
VISUAL SISTEN CHECHANIS. TI-
TIS IS A SYSTEM
SISTEN DOES NOT EX SATE-
12 OTHER
GATE
IS PASSED.
Section 40
TALL T2
VISUALS
MI HERO IS VRE. A
00:2
IS COT IT FROM HAVE I OTT STOP

===== PAGE 316 =====
{"alpha_words": 52, "chars": 382, "method": "ocr", "page": 316, "variant": "plain-vision"}
002 SIN 1 -
Sva
How do I play Lotto HotPicks?
• Pick a day to play
• Choose 1,2,3,4 or 5 numbers (1 to 49)
What could I win?*
Match your Lotto HotPicks numbers
against the Lotto draw main numbers.
• Pick 1 Match 1 Win £5
• Pick 2 Match 2 Win £40
• Pick 3 Match 3 Win £450
• Pick 4 Match 4 Win £7000
• Pick 5 Match 5 Win £130,000
When is the draw?
• Saturday (Lotto draw)**
MRAAAAAR

===== PAGE 317 =====
{"alpha_words": 54, "chars": 427, "method": "ocr", "page": 317, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Section 40
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
Nr. Leiston
Suffolk
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
7 August 2007
Dear
Section 40
Ministry of Defence for correspondence relating to 'UFOs.'
resources if we were to do so.
existence of these alleged phenomena.
Sorry I could not be any help.
Yours sincerely
Section 40|

===== PAGE 318 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 410, "method": "ocr", "page": 318, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
Section 40
CAS
102N0
NR. LEISTON.
SUFFOLK.
Section 40
Jame sirs.
E exclass a copy of
a suall manuscript explaing me
U.F.O. Story, Theat is for work to
this smy
than this little evlay.
Please taks the trouble
to come and visit me @ u
Loust a
the asour address - E an
not on the teleptore Do please Linite
to he and advise me Likes it suits
to
come and interviews me.
Section 40
Section 40
Section 40

===== PAGE 319 =====
{"alpha_words": 294, "chars": 1655, "method": "ocr", "page": 319, "variant": "plain-vision"}
088:
- 3 AUG 2007
The following is a transcript of a letter written by Section 40
miles every Saturday and partook in 2 London marathons finishing in 312 hours and
a triathlon, swim a mile, bicycle 32 miles and run 11 miles.
London for 7 days and that was because I was going out with a lady called
section 40
Sectiohhad claimed to have met people from another planet and one day she
walked into my flat with a cross in her uterus and I went crazy and ripped the house to
you is there is a planet where their beings have red eyes and they are totally demonic.
he wrote the book "UFO's are here" with George Adamski which went into
one group of people who were really nasty and evil in the UFO world and Desmond
advises the military on UFO's. he is a good friend of Patrick Moore and you can
Castle Leslie in Ireland. I am not going to go into the story of how I came across a
is irrelevant to my story but I will gladly tell you everything if you take the trouble to
interview me.
By March of 1986 1 had got rid of this
Section 40
woman and was no longer
marathon running. My sister at the time was engaged to a Film Director who had a
house in Hollywood Hills in L.A. and they invited me to go and stay there. I didn't
my sister and her husband to be Section 40
I decided to go.
When I touched down in L.A. it was just what I didn't want to see. Too many cars,
bad weather even though it was spring- so no wind surfing and there was something
in the air I couldn't quite put my hand on. It was in fact a UFO with a circumference
fault line using the centre of the earth for some kind of energy like solar power that
was found in my blood supply or piss.

===== PAGE 320 =====
{"alpha_words": 179, "chars": 996, "method": "ocr", "page": 320, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Finally on 1 April 1986 I was so possessed by this UFO that I got angry broke my
had rented a car so I left.
was very in love at the time with a girl in England who was about to fly over to L.A.,
the Virgin Mary, Joseph and Jesus. All I can tell you is the love they had for each
other was so powerful so mind blowingly beautiful, it was unbelievable. I forgot to
mention that as well as all my keep fit classes I was going to the Brompton oratory
being a protestant to a Catholic.
other alien was doing the same. The gas looked like dry ice and I was thinking that
glimmering on and off. You could see they were not aircraft because they stuck to no
particular flight pattern and were flying in opposite directions about 50 feet away
from each other which is illegal for commercial flight craft.
of gorse cutting my feet up really badly and eventually made it to Cedars Sinai
whole leg had swollen up terribly.
they had gone into some kind of trance and beaten up their own house. They had also

===== PAGE 321 =====
{"alpha_words": 121, "chars": 701, "method": "ocr", "page": 321, "variant": "plain-vision"}
local news channel in L.A from the 1s April - 10ạ April 1986. they said what they
saw, they couldn't find words to describe and even if they could, no one would
believe them;
leg I talked about earlier was some kind of seed, like human sperm, but it was
I have nearly burst into flames and my whole body become ashes sending my soul to
died and a f20 bag of heroin both in 1979. 25 years later I am treated like a rapist.
The hospitals took me off my methadone for a year which brings massive pain relief
even though I am only on a very moderate dose of 20ml.
they call it)- a second time.
Driver, his wife and three kids? Why can't you take blood tests- some marrow
me, I'm a wreck - please help me.

===== PAGE 322 =====
{"alpha_words": 279, "chars": 1643, "method": "ocr", "page": 322, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The following is a transcript of a letter written by Section 40
HEROINE
In 1983 I gave up a vicious -------, valium and cocaine habit and became a marathon
runner. I even managed to stop smoking cigarettes and beer and all, I did for three
miles every Saturday and partook in 2 London marathons finishing in 32 hours and
a triathlon, swim a mile, bicycle 32 miles and run 11 miles.
London for 7 days and that was because I was going out with a lady called
ection
40
Sectionwho had claimed to have met people from another planet and one day she
walked into my flat with a cross in her uterus and I went crazy and ripped the house to
you is there is a planet where their beings have red eyes and they are totally demonic.
I have spoken to a cousin of mine, Sir Desmond Leslie from Castle Leslie in Ireland,
he wrote the book "UFO's are here" with George Adamski which went into
publication 14 times in the States. He implied on the telephone to me that there was
Castle Leslie in Ireland. I am not going to go into the story of how I came across a
interview me.
By March of 1986 I had got rid of thisSection 40
woman and was no longer
really want to go, 1 wanted a windsurfing holiday in Jamaica but so as not to offend
my sister and her husband to be
Section 40
I decided to go.
bad weather even though it was spring- so no wind surfing and there was something
of about 3 miles and a radius of about 1.5 miles. You couldn't see the UFO- it was
film didn't come out for another 8 years 1994- also i1 you check my mental health
they have tapped into. I spent two weeks in L.A. running marathon, going to the
was found in my blood supply or piss.

===== PAGE 323 =====
{"alpha_words": 244, "chars": 1335, "method": "ocr", "page": 323, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Finally on 1' April 1986 I was so possessed by this UFO that I got angry broke my
had rented a car so I left.
in- to cut a long story short the engine of the car caught fire and the petrol pipe
burning and started walking off into the undergrowth of the Californian desert. It was
the Virgin Mary, Joseph and Jesus. All I can tell you is the love they had for each
mention that as well as all my keep fit classes I was going to the Brompton oratory
being a protestant to a Catholic.
coming up onto their faces which were covered glass bowls. I could only see the face
of one and he had short black hair and was actually very good looking; but I could see
weed sprayer in his hand spraying this white gas all over the valley- the other alien
was doing the same. The gas looked like dry ice and I was thinking that all these
along a cloud and it had about 20 craft flying off it. Red, blue and white lights
from each other which is illegal for commercial flight craft.
of gorse cutting my feet up really badly and eventually made it to Cedars Sinai
Hospital. I was there for about 10 days at least on a penicillin drip feed. My wrists
were split open along with my head and my body was covered in cuts and bruises.
whole leg had swollen up terribly.
driven out into the wasteland like I had and seen all the UFO stuff I had. They had no

===== PAGE 324 =====
{"alpha_words": 120, "chars": 695, "method": "ocr", "page": 324, "variant": "plain-vision"}
local news channel in L.A from the 1s April - 10 April 1986. they said what they
saw, they couldn't find words to describe and even if they could, no one would
believe them;
started to have major mental smack downs night and day. I realised I had some kind
died and a £20 bag of heroin both in 1979. 25 years later I am treated like a rapist.
The hospitals took me off my methadone for a year which brings massive pain relief
even though I am only on a very moderate dose of 20ml.
all my marathon strength and use it to fight inwardly what is in my body. The
call it) - a second time.
Driver, his wife and three kids? Why can't you take blood tests- some marrow
me, I'm a wreck - please help me

===== PAGE 325 =====
{"alpha_words": 334, "chars": 2145, "method": "ocr", "page": 325, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Section 40
31 July 2007 09:28
Release-authorised: RE: UFOs and Remote Viewing
Dear
section 41
Yours sincerely,
Section 40
DAS-FOI
Section,
MoD Main
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
Building
-Original Message--
From: Section 40
Sent: 31 July 2007 09:06
TO:
Cc: Nick Pope
Subject: Re: UFOs and Remote Viewing
I have no idea why I am taking a chance sending you this information as it could very
easily undermine the credibility of the previous information which I sent you
concerning world affairs.
It shows why I, an American,
is concerned with and able to focus on England's enemies
(unlike any Americans and most likely nearly any Brit not actually involved in the
Government of the United Kingdom). It's because I actually once was in the government
of England! See the attachment.
Please realize that the information I have previously sent you could easily mean my
death. Otherwise, you are welcome to share this and the other information I have sent
you with who ever you wish. Certainly the U.S. Unfortunately the U.S. Is a young
country and is used to waiting until they are attacked before they bind together
patriotically and react. Remember Pearl Harbor and the Alamo?
The U.K. does not adhere to that pattern but is more interested in stopping attacks
before they happen. Also in the UK there is a much greater pattern of advancing
intelligent people than there is in the U.S.. My biggest fear is that the Japanese
I actually served
as England's minister of defense for over a year and a half. (At
that time the military was divided between 'defensive' and 'offensive capabilities'
and I was in charge of the former. I'll send you some about this later.
I am able to send you nearly 100 pages about that life. Interested?
The BBC could 30 documentaries on this information. I am an expert on that period and
while in school here in the U.S. I never studied a day of that historical period in my
life. All I have done is meditate for 28 years (25 as a Tibetan Buddhist). That is
where all the information comes from.
Please let me know if I can assist in any way.
Sincerely,
Section 40|
Flagstaff, Az 86004

===== PAGE 326 =====
{"alpha_words": 22, "chars": 166, "method": "ocr", "page": 326, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
C.ick for free information on top investing websites and services.
http://tagline.hushmail. com/fc/Ioyw6h4dPQr2YiXTsvYA30aEuRgRkIg47HFchlhfDjqBEAOtcI6YzY/

===== PAGE 327 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 237, "method": "ocr", "page": 327, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The first political cartoon is generally
thought to be 'Join or Die' in 1754
which was written by Ben Franklin
during the French and Indian war.
I had him beat by 170 years in both
quality as well as in content.
JOIN, or DIE
Succession'

===== PAGE 328 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 169, "method": "ocr", "page": 328, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Actually, | only used the part with princess Elizabeth in it which was only the right
third of the painting. Here she is leading the two figures, ‘Peace’ and 'Plenty’..

===== PAGE 329 =====
{"alpha_words": 140, "chars": 835, "method": "ocr", "page": 329, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
17

..and redrew it in pen and ink as this cartoon. Since | was (and am) a gentle
person | used myself as Peace. It was when | was a lady in waiting in the court
being Queen Elizabeth but also her scribe (later called Secretary of State).*

Queen Elizabeth hated the old painting, 'The Family of Henry VII Allegory of
Tudor Succession’, and | was really bored since she was outside riding so |

unknowingly invented the cartoon, in fact | invented the political cartoon as we
know today with all the common elements including parody, caricature,
metaphors, and satire. They were also funny.

It has three levels of whimsy added one on top of another other. (I found the
cartoon here in one of the two best collections of Queen Elizabeth's paintings but
they say someone else drew it but they could not have for several reasons** (and

===== PAGE 330 =====
{"alpha_words": 304, "chars": 1683, "method": "ocr", "page": 330, "variant": "plain-vision"}
here is the other collection for you to enjoy.)
on one of them and that means it has to be something other than heraldry.
When we used candles for footlights in the
theater they went across the floor like in both
pictures and they were almost, but not quite out
of view of the audience like in both pictures. And
the numbers? They all had numbers on them so
when one candle had to have it's wick trimmed a
person called a snuffer man did it. However, he
was in front (in the orchestra pit) who could not
see which one needed trimming, usually when it
was flickering, so an actor would hold up fingers
to indicate which candle to trim or sometimes to
redirect if the scene demanded like to Juliet's
balcony.
I was saying that the English royal court was a big stage production that
Elizabeth put on for the world. 'All the worlds a stage and we are...
The style of the drawing itself was one that I invented where
the important issues and themes are made larger than life.
which is now called caricature. My nose, my quill, how
Queen Elizabeth leads by the hand. Because they are
important each are increased in the drawing until my nose is
bizarrely pointed, my quill is the largest in England and
Elizabeth is about to pull me right off my feet (which she did
to everyone if your feet were not facing the right direction
when she took you by the hand and dragged you off to meet
someone.) .
So that people could not ignore the phallic
symbolism of the quill there was the additional
implied use of large feathers for sexual foreplay.
Additionally, so that people would not ignore the
implied sexual content please look a bit lower
and you will notice that my fingers are pointed at

===== PAGE 331 =====
{"alpha_words": 203, "chars": 1155, "method": "ocr", "page": 331, "variant": "plain-vision"}
my very real non-symbolic penis,
alpha male who doesn't need to worry about getting kicked in the groin.
(That also goes for women in cartoons.)
Did you notice the woman to the right of me in the cartoon
and how her hair looks like a horses head made from
vegetables? (I've outlined it on the right.) You
can't see all the lines since this scan only
picked up the darkest ones. It's both a hidden
horse's head and it's made of vegetables
which made it one of the few optical illusions
seen in art until about the 1800's (which only
means that very few people caught it).
apples. Yes, it is very important. I always say that whenever you catch
the proper authorities, a nutritionist.
It's a satire of those old absurd paintings of Giuseppe
Arcimboldo which has vegetables made into faces which I
hated (and still do) with a passion. It was the pop art of the day
and it reminds me a lot of those tawdry black velvet Elvis
paintings. Oh, you like those? Then you can have your choice
of over 60 Elvis's here. Some almost look like him.
I recall that people would sometimes even serve dinners with
the food arranged in happy faces. They even cut the meat in

===== PAGE 332 =====
{"alpha_words": 306, "chars": 1839, "method": "ocr", "page": 332, "variant": "plain-vision"}
vegetables.
Fairs all over England held contests offering expensive
prizes for the best looking piles of fruit and vegetables.
I got so fed up with mans inhumanity to the vegetable
kingdom that twice I entered the fair as a protest. I
made my first entry a satire which I intended to make a
mockery of the whole thing so I had a male friend enter
for me. Once was at the second largest fair in the south
of England. It was considered the most important fair in
England because of it's royal sponsorship and a strong
regal presence.
When you have sewage being thrown from houses out
into the streets of London then you also have men
taking a short cut and urinating directly out of the
windows. It's automatic I think. In London it was a very
familiar sight which thoroughly disgusted most women
(probably because we were not able to do it).
So I made a mans midsection of fruit and vegetables
framed by a window sill of olives. Then I used two green
Second Place
1585 London's
strawberry rail
Side viewi
the urine.
There were about 150 entries and I won second prize.
breathing dragon fighting with a unicorn which won third place.
A horse was at one time my signature image. I put one all my cartoons until
ended up spending more time figuring out how to integrate a horse into the
drawings than I spent drawing the pictures themselves. Then half the people got
upset because they thought the horse head intertered with the cartoon because
they were obvious and easy to see. So then I hid them to make them harder to
completely stopped putting in horses and then everyone got upset.
It was just like men who now look for the hidden bunny on each Playboy
Magazine cover. My hidden trademark beat out Playboy Magazine by 350 years
and my scantily clad male genitalia beat out Playgirl Magazine by 370 years.
There is one other hidden item.

===== PAGE 333 =====
{"alpha_words": 225, "chars": 1289, "method": "ocr", "page": 333, "variant": "plain-vision"}
closely at that tapestry in the sketch (right) you will notice that
it is actually King Henry VIII complete
with sleeves but minus his physical hand.
That is symbolic of the reputation of
Queen Elizabeth's larger than life father,
the great King Henry VIII, looming over
everyone. She and other's (including
yours truly) swore that his spirit was
almost always around her court when it
was in session. It was also said that his
spirit drove Queen (Bloody) Mary insane when they did not live
up to his reputation but that was before my time so I cannot
confirm such ridiculous speculation.
His feat at the 'Field of the Cloth of Gold' was one example. Using a long bow he
repeatedly hit a target at 220 yards which only one of the 10,000 French archers
could equal. That prevented a war. Once, six of his guards were killed by two
with the heavy 7 foot tall (3 ½ feet longer than the invaders swords) wrought iron
symbolic of it.
The queen liked these cartoons. At least for awhile until she saw one I made of
I think that was pretty much the end of my career as the world's first political
cartoonist.
nobody else did cartoons 400 years
ago.
It is hard to even get a grasp on
how earth shaking the cartoon was.
Nothing like cartoons of kings had
ever been seen much before I
JOIN, or DIE.

===== PAGE 334 =====
{"alpha_words": 140, "chars": 825, "method": "ocr", "page": 334, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
made them. It was unheard of to do such a thing. Nobody had a perspective or
knew what to even think about these pen and ink insults in a diagram form.

Words could get a ruler very angry like if you wrote about a pregnant princes but
what could even a King do when his unmarried daughter had a bulging waist and
a midwife standing near her in an English cartoon? Where could he go from
there? Words could start a war but what about the picture of the preggers
daughter of Spanish royalty made by the personal secretary to the Queen of
England?

| made them of Spain's Royalty, the French, the German's, the Swedes and a
few Russians. Then | gave them to the ambassadors... of their enemies.

Here is a more famous one | made which has also
Zuccaro and is owned by the British Museum,.

ecana a se

arbitrarily attributed to

===== PAGE 335 =====
{"alpha_words": 53, "chars": 329, "method": "ocr", "page": 335, "variant": "plain-vision"}
untinished.
that sketch.
where it should be, isn't it? Amazing how that worked out, isn't it?
Do you appreciate such irony? How about two more ironies?
unpatriotic and sexist way.
man. That's an irony which leaves all the others behind.
them?
3062+72008
was also a part time court jester.) However, nobody thought anything of my

===== PAGE 336 =====
{"alpha_words": 84, "chars": 505, "method": "ocr", "page": 336, "variant": "plain-vision"}
prove it to you using a different method than you would probably expect.
yourself.
her famous Rainbow Painting (see right) which simply everyone at Hatfield
by him.
bigger until they went out about 1596. At the same time, about 1590, Queen
That is when she went menopause. She had endometriosis and the only thing
why she never wore jewels in her hair until after menopause.
It appears that the assignation of this sketch to Zuccaro is
considered as arbitrary by others as this page I located attests to.

===== PAGE 337 =====
{"alpha_words": 472, "chars": 2741, "method": "ocr", "page": 337, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NOTES ON PICTURES IN THE ROYAL COLLECTIONS- XXXIX
BY LIONEL CUST
ON THE PORTRAITS OF KING HENRY VII.
century, there existed in London a
school of painters, who preserved some-
thing of the great mediteral traditions
of English art, although like most other English
craftsmen, they required or at all events admitter
readily, the assistance of more accomplished artists
from neighbour countries, such as France and the
Netherlands. A basty transcript by Horace Wal-
pole of the notes collected by George Vertue for
the history of painting in England is responsible
for a tradition that the chief painter in England
Lefore Holbein was Mabuse, and that in the reign
han they do in the zom century. In the days c
lenry VIll a man of forty-five was past his prim
and few men, who led the vigorous active life of
a king in these days, attained to what in our days
be considered to be average
old age.
Henry VII, whose known portraits all seem to
represent an elderly man, was only fifty-two when
he died, nearly ten years younger than King
Edward VII on his accession to the throne.
Such portraits of Henry VIII, as belong to the
brst fifteen or sixteen years of his reign, must have
ocen painted by artists who knew nothing of Hol
bein.
The later portraits of Henry VIll have as
it were stereotyped in history a face and figure
which are difficult to reconcile with the almost
universal admiration for the king as the hand-
portraits in the reigs of Elizabeth being attributed
with absurd reckle ances to Federigo Zuccaro.
$t
is now knour that Mabuse never set foot in
England, and that Holbein did not arrive in Eng-
land till 1526, when Henry VIlI had been on the
throne for seventeen years, and there is no evidence
that Holbein entered the king's service until ten
vears later, It is not safe therefore to attribute to
age than fort tve. The conditions of life at thas
age than lorty-five.
date aged both men and women much more rapidly
mother Elizabeth of York, from his grandfathe
King Edward IV, who was noted for his hand
some face and figure, and incidentally for his
gallantries.
The well known portrait at Windso
Castle which has an unbroken claim by tradition
to be the likeness of Arthur, Prince
of Wales,
I See The Burlingion Magazine, vol. six, p. 128
217
one is not at all in his style. His are much more like Sandro Botticelli and without
nearly the precision or detail of the sketch in question. For lack of a better
about it? Just look at it from my point of view for a second. I am a single
heterosexual male American scientist who lives in Arizona, has not studied Tudor
fact, I am probably more of an expert on Elizabethan fashion than anyone alive
today.
Now that is what I call strange.
All rights reserved. © Sectiopp040

===== PAGE 338 =====
{"alpha_words": 85, "chars": 629, "method": "ocr", "page": 338, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CLO
From: Section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
Preston
Lancashire
section
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
18 July 2007
Dear
Section 40
1 am writing with reference to your letter dated 8 July 2007. This office is the tocal point within
the Ministry of Defence for correspondence relating to 'UFO's.
Your comments have been noted and your letter will be placed on our files.
Thank you.
Yours sincerely
Section 40|

===== PAGE 339 =====
{"alpha_words": 173, "chars": 982, "method": "ocr", "page": 339, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(Preu-pt A€ - e13).
FTAO
DI
OD
SEUDER
7
DETAIL ON FLIP SIDE
DAS
REE - REL10486 EX RAE XIF ENG. PRO.StS.
102NO..
- DAS REPORT 07 DE 06
12 JUL 2008
- DAS G43 SUB POINT IMAGE
ILE
08 07 07
Dear FoI
Mary then tor your serresly open replies. iseng taken
serinusly is all I seeded, it gave inspiration and driection
over the pait tow years.
today. ¡ 'Ous air deterces are quite codequate?
i It anty you kler.
De 1997tuAGE was
! Thes can mean Realise linject but
this is not wheat you see
den it is en ite own. It is mas litety
to have been XI san
)than the Devil: #1997 IM on p92
il'As to as de kame SP is e Notuial Chalk Óasi, I
. It ray be
chalt but it arit returel. SPDAS E43 eontens deteil, in iock,
on a photo inage taken in 1992, at IMAGE 10 tiom, everts 11
is about SOr tran my upstairs bedron windows.
sock ar
ABCUT IDHE LATER
2715
121211
CHECK BAE
RECORD +
SP MAGE
S IM
ANO IM ABOUE GAE
XP IM
THEN O N
--/04/07
TUW TP
LT AC
BAE FLT UN
SP IM
SYS CONT/LINK/CATE
VISUAL VATURAL
¡ZEP

===== PAGE 340 =====
{"alpha_words": 199, "chars": 1208, "method": "ocr", "page": 340, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Jobseeker's
Allowance
Section 40
Your reference is
section 40|
Please tell us this number
if you get in touch with us
Section 40
Phone
Section 40
TEXTPHONE for the deaf/hard of
hearing ONLY Section 40
Date 28 June 2007
Dear
Section 40
I am pleased to tell you that we can pay you Jobseeker's Allowance from 26 June 2007.
You will ge
ectior
a week.
We have used the tax years ending 5 April 2004 and 5 April 2005 to assess your claim.
If you are claiming for a partner
Your partner may be required to take part in a Work Focused Interview with a Personal
Advisor once you have been claiming benefit for more than 26 weeks. Your partner will be
notified if they are required to attend.
The attached sheet shows how we worked this out. If you want more information please get
in touch with us. Our phone number and address are at the top of this letter.
This assessment is based on how much the law says you need to live on. Your entitlement
HOW YOU WILL GET YOUR MONEY
Allowance.
Bank/Building society:
Account number/ref:
Section 40
PAYMENT TO YOUR BANK/BUILDING SOCIETY
These notes are about allowance payments into a bank or building society account. Please
make sure you read them.
5733/1855
Page 01 of 04

===== PAGE 341 =====
{"alpha_words": 218, "chars": 1249, "method": "ocr", "page": 341, "variant": "plain-vision"}
28 June 2007
section 40|
REF: Section 40
prescriptions and other National Health Service charges.
PLEASE KEEP THIS LETTER FOR YOUR INFORMATION
It will help us if you have this letter when you make any enquiries or need an explanation
about the decision.
There are the SP IM'S all dif in small detaid, MOD and US Ens have
the seme copy, BAE sis and Wissuck hase the other ton.
MaD US EMa - SPREE "Active Pinject Image"
- SP REF 'Tech Project Inage" (FGp)
- SP REF "ID treJEct (AGge"
If it is theithe MOO foI or Not"
wish, I could hep with a
press release - "AC ore entering UK auspace using special
comelies that can create weether systems, with unknown
concequences. This issue raises as about evecything we know
ambelieve, sci are religi alters the las ot ples es are proves
theories about multiple dimension, People (in ger) are not, and ela not
want, to be semily for the change this would bring about in
into was released. Trust me this is big.
These valves are for team players and are not moterialistie.
Please rept with MOD um, (clicection?), Is MOn familiar
with
sis c/all, and the merk lows it uses.
Mary thas Moo FoI,
Section 40
IS Do apt take At meid I have SMS MEM CeD with IMAGES of AC.
1997 BAE event images
RP
5733/1855
Page 03 of 04

===== PAGE 342 =====
{"alpha_words": 192, "chars": 1181, "method": "ocr", "page": 342, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Page 1 of 2
EURE
UDER
Section 40
27 June 2007 09:56
ection 40
Dear
Section 40
Thank you for your e-mail (below) requesting the release of the MoD's UFO files. I can only refer you
Yours sincerely,
Section 40
DAS-FOI
40
MoD Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
From:
ection 40
To: S
ection 40
Cc: Nick Pope;
lon 40
Dear
Section 40
The multiple news articles were very clear in indicating that the MoD was most certainly going to
release 24 DI55 files on the topic of UFOs & UAP in the coming weeks. Furthermore, the MoD has
Thank You,
section 40
MS Nuclear Engineering
On Jun 26, 2007, at 5:04 AM
. Section 40
wrote:
Dear
ection 40
Thank you for your e-mail of 30 May 2007 regarding reports in the press that the Ministry of
Defence (MoD) was planning to release all its UFO files to the public. It has been passed to this office to
To date, contrary to any newspaper articles you may have seen, no decision has been taken to release all
our UFO files, although the matter is under discussion. The MoD has however, already released much
information on the subject of UFOs which can be found on our website www.mod.uk by searching under UFO.
27/06/2007

===== PAGE 343 =====
{"alpha_words": 24, "chars": 166, "method": "ocr", "page": 343, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Page 2 of 2
Please accept my apologies for the delay in responding to you.
Yours sincerely,
Section 40
DAS-FOI
Mot Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
27/06/2007

===== PAGE 344 =====
{"alpha_words": 158, "chars": 962, "method": "ocr", "page": 344, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Section 40
26 June 2007 09:57
ection 40
Subject: Release-Authorised: TO03104 - RELEASE OF MOD FILES
Dear
section
Thank you for your e-mail of 4 May 2007 to the Secretary of State for Defence, the Rt Hon Des
Browne MP, regarding reports in the press that the Ministry of Defence (MoD) was planning to release all its
UFO files to the public. It has been passed to this office to answer as we have lead responsibility within the
MoD for UFO matters.
To date, contrary to any newspaper articles you may have seen, no decision has been taken to release all our
UFO files, although the matter is under discussion. The MoD has however, already released much intormation
on the subject of UFOs which can be found on our website www.mod. uk by searching under UFO.
Please accept my apologies for the delay in responding to you.
Yours sincerely,
Section 40|
DAS-FOI
Section 40
MoD Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
26/06/2007

===== PAGE 345 =====
{"alpha_words": 118, "chars": 872, "method": "ocr", "page": 345, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DUE ON
# 8 J21 57
T003104 2007 - 20070518112843
Section
40
From: feedback@www.mod.uk
Sent: 04 May 2007 18:19
To: Ministers
Subject: Ask a Minister
Below is the result of your feedback form. It was submitted on Friday, May 4,
2007 at 18:19:03
txtfirstname
sectior
40
txtlastname:
txtsubject: The MOD X-File (UFO Files)
txtaddressl:
section 40
txtaddress2
Section 40
txttowncity
txtstatecountry: ohio
txtzipcodepostcode: Section 40
txtcountry: USA
txtemailAddress:
ection 40
xtrequest: I just recently read a news
article that the MOD was going to
release all of
it's ufo files to the public. I have a couple of questions if you
will please:
#1 - Is this fact or fiction?
#2 - If fact, will these files be available online?
#3 - will they be censored?
#4 - when will they be available?
#5 - why is the MOD releasing these files?
Thank you very much for your time.
40
Page 1

===== PAGE 346 =====
{"alpha_words": 99, "chars": 605, "method": "ocr", "page": 346, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ge 1 of 1
EA
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
ection 40
26 June 2007 10:05
ection 40
Dear
Section 40
Defence (MoD) was planning to release all its UFO files to the public. It has been passed to this office to
To date, contrary to any newspaper articles you may have seen, no decision has been taken to release all our
UFO files, although the matter is under discussion. The MoD nas nowever, already released much intormation
on the subject of UFOs which can be found on our website www.mod.uk by searching under UFO.
Yours sincerely,
Section 40
DAS-FOI
40
MoD Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
26/06/2007

===== PAGE 347 =====
{"alpha_words": 367, "chars": 2303, "method": "ocr", "page": 347, "variant": "plain-vision"}
section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
ection 40
05 June 2007 13:44
TOn
FW: [Fwd: Defence Website Enquiry]
Section 40
I have spoken to
request?
ection who says you may be able to provide the lead with this
Regards
ion 40
FOI Helpdesk
Original Message-
From:
Sent: 01 June 2007 09:42
To: S
Section 40
Text as discussed.
The Ministry of Defence plans to open its "X-Files" on UFO sightings to the public for
the first time. Officials have not yet decided on a date for the release of the
reports, which date back to 1967, but it is hoped to be within weeks.
The move follows the decision by the French national space agency to release its UFO
files in March, the first official body in the world to do so.
UFO buffs will be keen to find out what officials knew about some of the UK's most
famous sightings and whether any action was taken. One celebrated event - at
Rendlesham Forest, Suffolk, in 1980 - has been dubbed "Britain's Roswell" after the
UFO incident in the US in 1947. At Rendlesham there were several witness reports of a
UFO apparently landing. The released files should support or discount claims that
radiation was detected at the site after the event.
David Clarke, a lecturer in journalism at Sheffield Hallam University and author of
Flying Saucerers: A Social History of UFOlogy, said opening the MoD's files would make
it harder to sustain the idea that evidence for the existence of aliens has been
suppressed. "The more of this stuff that they put on their website or put in the
national archives, the less it will cost the taxpayer, because at the moment people
are writing in about individual incidents and they are having respond, " said Dr
Clarke, referring to requests under the Freedom of Information Act.
The documents due for release are witness reports of apparent UFO sightings, many by
civil pilots and military personnel. Most were simply collected and filed by a small,
secret unit within defence intelligence called DI55. A few are thought to have been
investigated further by the military, but the details have never been made public.
There are 24 files due for release, each containing 200-300 reports of sightings, plus
-Original Message-
From: MOD Webmaster
[mailto:webmaster@dgics.mod.uk]
Sent: 31 May 2007 16:09
TO :
Info-Access-Office
Section 40
Thanks
ection 40

===== PAGE 348 =====
{"alpha_words": 98, "chars": 685, "method": "ocr", "page": 348, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Original Message
ject: Defence Website Enquiry
Date: Wed, 30 May 2007 18:35:22 +0100
From: feedback@www.mod.uk
To: webmaster@dgics.mod.uk
Below is the result of your feedback form. It was submitted on wednesday, May 30,
2007 at 18:35:22
txtname:
Section 40
txtemailAddress:.
Section 40|
txtcountry: USA
txtrequest: The Guardian reported on May 3, 2007 that the MoD would be releasing the
entirety of it's 'UFO' files dating back to 1967 'within weeks'.
The news story is
here:
http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/story/0,,2071275,00.html?gusrc=rss&feed=1
When will this release of information actually happen, and can you provide the
destination website address.
Thank You,
Section 40
2

===== PAGE 349 =====
{"alpha_words": 526, "chars": 3155, "method": "ocr", "page": 349, "variant": "plain-vision"}
pile
Page 1 of 2
L
Section 40
From:
ection 4
i aol.com
Sent:
25 May 2007 17:24
To:
Section 40
DAS-UFO-Office
Subject:
UFO Robbie Williams Fwd: Section 40
Attachments: Fwd: Section 40
Hello,
forgot to add that
Enthoven ie:music.
4of ie:west (Los Angeles),
ctiopedion 40
of le:west, de =
were laughed at for being
drug users and probably would still do drugs. That happened during a special Awards ceremony. Both did
not attend,
10 was invited to.
They are criminals by the way, ie:music, ie:west, you probably have not figured it out yet. On the list of
criminals is also
is www.iewest.co.uk
ection 40
¡gallegedly is Mr. Williams lawyer in the UK. (according to the business contacts website of ie:music he
By the way, I did get once a reply by the UFO office and I think prior to that I had raised security concerns
for Her Majesty the Queen and had asked Military for help to inform down and up the line everybody who is
in charge. Because it seems New Scotland Yard was somewhat unwilling so was the MI5.
Anyway below is in German language. I was the alleged Robbie Williams stalker who actually had pressed
charges against the management and bodyguards for failure to render assistance in a life threatening
situation for Mr. Williams. That was regarded as stalking. Probably they still think Al Qaeda and the Taliban
are nothing but an hallucination. So that means Mr. Williams may get assassinated, that is why I had called
him a danger for the LA Community. They really cannot take care of themselves... must be the drugs and
all the happy pills.
The Robbie Williams case goes back to Autumn 2004 when I was told about the dangers with regard to
criminals / terrorists.
Portsmouth, UK) in Düsseldorf, but somehow the line ended BKA. Fans posted fanfiction the forum,
however it would could have been more regarded as fan-fuck. Whether I was hit by press and fans because
of that is unknown to me.
The site was also available for kids and some parents were also a bit concerned. It contained bestiality in
many years before. I tried everything with
on gote to him, like others did. Some even approached
EMI worldwide, nothing changed.
I also approached the special high tech terror crime squad in the UK. I had googled for specialists within
official ranks.
In Germany, if a police raid happens, such text can make people who have temporary files on the hard
disk, guilty for having such text on the hard disk. But normally nobody knows that every site is saved in the
own computer, because nobody had clicked on "save". The management was not interested in solving the
problem with
eiger.
The site was allegedly endorsed by Mr. Williams, apparently he did allow that all his music may be
used and was an online radio station with a chat and forum community. The site no longer exists.
Apparently it stopped servicing fans last year. Even mothers who chatted on that site did not think beastility
was that bad and that the fanfiction was a criminal offence according to German law. People from all over
the world chatted there. Charges I had pressed Spring 2004. Police told me they could do nothing because
of the server being in the UK.
30/05/2007

===== PAGE 350 =====
{"alpha_words": 241, "chars": 1379, "method": "ocr", "page": 350, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 2
Just in case the Directorate of Air Staff does not know: RFJ stands for Rewards for Justice,
Don't fear to check my websites, I can see you from my stat programmes, if you have NOT been visiting it.
Once someone from Washington was on it, though, New Scotland Yard was not on my website, German
I mentioned the UFO in the subject line because so many wrote that Mr. Williams would be abducted by
ETs if he performed at Wetten daß in December 2005. I allegedly had warned of such kidnapping, which
was not the case.
The verdict by the way was illegal, so I can really lose my temper with the ie:music crowd. ie:west was not
even mentioned in the verdict. According to our Constitution I can show resistance to anyone who is
damaging our Basic Law the basic rights and our Constitution and is not in line to it.
alleged lawyer of Mr. Williams, Schaperstrasse in Berlin, did not produce any
proof that he was the true Williams' lawyer. I had asked for proof last year. Mr. Williams always dreamt
(status summer 2003) that he would be killed by a "barn". New Scotland Yard did not bother at all. I have
no evidence at all that Mr. Williams is or was aware at all or is scared to comment on it especially with
criminals at his side.
Yours sincerely
on 40
born Section 40
section
40|
Sectio Düsseldorf
West Germany
Tel:
section 40
FAX
www Section 40
WWW
WWW
www
30/05/2007

===== PAGE 351 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 352, "method": "ocr", "page": 351, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:j
Section 40
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Section 40
Leeds
West Yorkshire
section 40
Dear
Defence for correspondence relating to UFOs.
I am sorry I was unable to be of any more assistance.
Yours sincerely
Section 40
CLOSURE
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
16 May 2007

===== PAGE 352 =====
{"alpha_words": 160, "chars": 1105, "method": "ocr", "page": 352, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO BE GIVEN PRIORITY AT ALL TIMES
Page 1 of2 |
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
ection 40
16 May 2007 12:51
ection 40
Section 40
Please answer this. Just tell him that we don't have any such contacts, but that a search of the internet might
produce something.
section 40
From:
section 40
Sent: 16 May 2007 12:50
To:
section 40
From: Parli Branch-Treat-Official
Sent: 16 May 2007 12:49
To: DAS-Sec; Low Flying
TREAT OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE - TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY
To:
Copy To:
Our Reference:
Due Date:
DAS Sec
TO03044/2007
06 June 2007
the Department has received the attached correspondence from a member of the public,
which this office has neither retained nor acknowledged. Please send a reply on behalf of
the PM/Minister/Department.
same timescale. You should be aware that No 10 periodically calls for a sample of letters
Most correspondence involves some form of request for information - even if it is only a
the correspondence requests information which is not already in the public domain, and
the Access to Information toolkit, and comply with the separate FOI guidance from DG Info
16/05/2007

===== PAGE 353 =====
{"alpha_words": 125, "chars": 869, "method": "ocr", "page": 353, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
__ TO BE GIVEN PRIORITY AT ALL TIMES Page 2 of 2

© It is important that branches ensure they have simple systems to track
correspondence received from members of the public, though the Parliamentary
Toolkit will now record the basic details. Once a response has been sent,
therefore, can you please notify the Ministerial Correspondence Unit (via
ParliBranch-Treat-Official}@mod.uk) of the date of your reply so that the record

can be closed on the Toolkit.

Detailed guidance on handling TO Correspondence can be found on the Defence Intranet at
http://main.defence.mod.uk/min_parl/ParlBrch/TOGuid.htm. If you do not have access to
the Intranet, please inform the Ministerial Correspondence Unit.

Email: ParliBranch-Treat-Official@mod.uk

Regards,

MOD Parliamentary Branch

Ministerial Correspondence Unit
t:
t:
f:
e: ParliBranch-Treat-Official@mod.uk

16/05/2007

===== PAGE 354 =====
{"alpha_words": 46, "chars": 311, "method": "ocr", "page": 354, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11/4/07
Section 40
Section 40
_ EEDS
WEST YORKSHIRE
Dear Surf was
wonderung it.
you could
ponding me the adaress tirectinocial
organisation the Auckland Dewzealand that
takes in UfO reports in or around
Strange object's over our house.
would be
very gratefull if you could
Some use.
Yours Faithfully
Section 40

===== PAGE 355 =====
{"alpha_words": 144, "chars": 985, "method": "ocr", "page": 355, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LOPSe 1 of 2/
section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Cc:
section 40
15 May 2007 21:04
DAS-UFO-Office
Section 40
Subject: Fwd: Schizophrenia UFO
Hello,
this time not from my usual email address.
@yahoo.com]
his mine. That was July 2003. Below an article, I had found.
so it is sent to police and to the Directorate of Air Staff in the UK.
With regards
section 40
Close Encounter Therapist
ection 40
wrote:
Date: Tue, 15 May 2007 12:32:44-0700 (PDT)
From:
Section 40
Subject: Schizophrenia
To: Robert Peter Williams <robbie@robbiewilliams.com> Section 40
CC:
Section 40
Kindly pass on to
section 40
Rob,
Grundgesetz) .
In total: you need to be put into closed ward of psychiatry, because I do see violent
tendencies because you tried to throw me into closed ward of psychiatry.
Talk to the dead, that is called schizophrenia amongst psychiatrists.
http://www.eog.com/news/full-article.aspx?id=24190
Robbie Williams claims he has contacted Frank Sinatra from beyond the grave
May 15, 2007
16/05/2007

===== PAGE 356 =====
{"alpha_words": 162, "chars": 975, "method": "ocr", "page": 356, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 2
allowing him to communicate with the dead.
when I'm at home and Frank approves. He was there when I made it.
passed away years before. Green lights coming in at my window, too."
Pete.
to pay our respects to him. But I worry, am I disturbing him?"
for the Hollywood dating scene, was recently treated in the US for prescription drug
addiction.
the past.
To see more celebrity pictures, visit our posting forums below...
http://forums.eog.com/
Für die Polizei: Er redet wohl auch mit John Lennon etc pp
junkie probably true for the rest of your very killer-like team as well. Arseholes.
life well-being of yourselves and your client. That means you need guidance from the
welfare office.
RFJ - it is me,
Section from normally
Section 40
and FBI HQ.
section
40
Section 40
Kindly inform the local LA FBI
- hot CTA = Yahoo! Autos new Car Finder tool
Moody friends. Drama queens. Your life? Nope! - their life, your story.
Play Sims Stories at Yahoo! Games.
16/05/2007

===== PAGE 357 =====
{"alpha_words": 53, "chars": 348, "method": "ocr", "page": 357, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
"DME EUR eA IVINS RAN Ae MN et NTE IRR RS IEEE PAMELA IAD PREPRIEAAS ATO ARE EDIRNE THE MEACAREORR ADEE TONSA aa a ARS ia

Sent: 10 May 2007 10:49

To: DAS-UFO-Office; enquiries @ bufora.org.uk
Subject: Fwd: Re: Orbs over the Midlands
Attachments: Re: Orbs over the Midlands

For your information...

Note: forwarded message attached.

15/05/2007

===== PAGE 358 =====
{"alpha_words": 196, "chars": 1235, "method": "ocr", "page": 358, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 2
Section 40
From:
Sent:
TO:
section 40
10 May 2007 10:30
Nick Pope
Subject: Re: Orbs over the Midlands
@btinternet.com]
of this fly pass with the recent incident in February 2007 over central London springs to my mind
Nick Pope
section 40
section
wrote:
No obvious explanation springs to mind. You might consider reporting your sighting to the MoD via
their das-ufo-office@mod.uk email address and asking if they received any other reports. They Il
send you a standard letter in response to your sighting, but any specific questions, such as asking
what other reports were received on the date in question, will be treated as a Freedom of Information
Act request. You might also want to report your sighting to a civilian UFO group such as the British
UFO Research Association, who can be contacted via their enquiries¿ bufora.org.uk email address.
Best wishes,
Nick Pope
-- Original Message -
From:
To:Section
Sent: Wednesday, May 09, 2007 11:16 AM
Subject: Re: Orbs over the Midlands
Nick good morning,
On Saturday evening of 5th May at 10.45pm my wife and I and a number of people
only be described as alien craft we encountered was in excess of 50 objects and took 15
reaches of the heavens and disappearing.
15/05/2007

===== PAGE 359 =====
{"alpha_words": 78, "chars": 503, "method": "ocr", "page": 359, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
. | | Page 2 of 2

commercial aircraft would have taken off from nearby Birmingham International Airport,
while this fly pass of alien craft was taking place. It would beggar belief if the captain
of this airline or his first officer hadn’t noticed these phenomena and hopefully an
honest and courageous flight report of this incident was filed.

| hope this information is useful to you and | wish you well with your endeavours to
_ informing people of the truth relating to this matter.

~ 15/05/2007

===== PAGE 360 =====
{"alpha_words": 121, "chars": 801, "method": "ocr", "page": 360, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Section 4
@aol.com
12 May 2007 13:48
Section 40
Cc:
Subject:
on 40
Fwd: Robbie Williams / Gorbatschow / El Ayun
Attachments: Robbie Williams / Gorbi / El Ayun
Dear Madam and Sirs,
Commissioner,
Following text is in German. Maybe the alien abduction invention of press (December 2005) with regard to
abductions with regard to Robbie Williams.
Feel free to contact me, in case of further questions. Some of you might not understand the entire context.
It also is about a person who was honored by Her Majesty the Queen Elizabeth Il for his outstanding work
in TV.
I am not the PR woman for the German aviation board (Luftfahrtbundesamt), that is a woman with the
ection 40
(new online magazine, currently only
trailer online)
With kind regards
crIon 40
14/05/2007

===== PAGE 361 =====
{"alpha_words": 527, "chars": 3444, "method": "ocr", "page": 361, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 2
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
ection
@aol.com
12 May 2007 13:26
ection 40
Subject: Robbie Williams / Gorbi / El Ayun
Polizei™ Einsatzzentrale
FAXI
section 4
LKA NRW
FAX: Section 40
BKA
Düsseldorf, 12. Mai 2007
Nowaja Gaseta und Anschläge auf mich
Sehr geehrte Damen und Herren,
unterminiert Herr Gorbatschow? Ich sah gestern in den Nachrichten einen Beitrag, über die Zeitung,
Nowaja Gazeta, („neue Zeitung") die er unterstützt. Diese bekam gestern in Hamburg den Henri-Nannen-
Preis.
Das Blatt rühmt sich, wie ich es gestern in den Nachrichten verstanden hatte, daß 3 der eigenen
schrieb auch für das Blatt. Das würde
deren Seriösität und Kampf für die Pressefreiheit unterstreichen, so sieht es das Komitee zum diesjährigen
Mir scheint das Blatt für dort mitarbeitende Journalisten eher gefährlich zu sein. Ich glaube der
berichterstattenden Presse auch kein Wort, ich habe meine Erfahrung selber mit der Presse gemacht. Die
erfinden, was das Zeug hält, wenn die wollen, und wenn es denen selber in den Kram passt. Es ist eher
deren private Meinung oder Lobbyisten-Kram vermute ich, was die so verbreiten. Das betrifft natürlich nicht
alle, aber einige.
Da die Presse sich in meiner Sache (auch kürzlich nicht) nicht gemeldet hat, auch nicht meine ehemaligen
Abnehmer und andere, sie interessiert sich auch nicht für ABC-Waffenanschläge in Düsseldorf, ist die
abstrakte Gefahr, die das BKA sieht, mal abgesehen, vermute ich von Ihren eigenen Ermittler-Kreisen,
auch definitiv von der Presse. Ihre
PR Dame Düsseldorf Polizei, halte ich für eine totale
40 scheint
zum Team der Erfinder von Fakten zu gehören, gerade was die Robbie Williams Sache betraf.
Früher war der Beruf des Journalisten eigentlich Numerus Clausus-Kandidaten teilweise nur vorbehalten,
damit die Elite eben auf Missstände hinweise, damit es richtig gemacht werden kann, Fehler aufgedeckt
und dann eben korrigiert werden. Wir waren die Augen und Ohren und Schreiber, das sieht ja auch das
Grundgesetz so vor (siehe Artikel 18 GG). Mein Vater sagte einmal, Krieg ist gut für die Wirtschaft. Das
mag für Aktionäre gelten, spätestens wenn die Bomben auf die eigene Rube fallt, sieht es dann anders
aus, der moderne Krieg läuft über Nervengas und Erreger.
Ich bin selber Attentatsopfer und meinen damaligen Abnehmer (dpa, Blickpunkt Film / Entertainment Media
Verlag), die evt. eigentlich als Anschlagsziel galten, ist es schnurzpiepegal, also wurde ich vielleicht doch
von der Presse selber beinahe ermordet (Herbst 2001 - 2004 vor Herbst) und diese waren wahrscheinlich
nicht selber das Anschlagsziel. Das ist jetzt zusätzlich und unabhängig zu german united distributors /
ARD. (Herbst 2004) Den hatte ich auch Etliches direkt an den WDR bzw. der Intendanz zugefaxt, ich
bekam auch keine Antwort, trotz der Verdächtigungen nicht. Laut der Zypries schen Regel gilt: wer
schweigt ist schuldig. Das gehört im weitesten Sinne zu 10 Js 262/06, die Akte war mal bei der GSTA,
auch
bis zur Rente darauf. Graphologisch gesehen, will S
ja hinter Gitter gebracht werden.
Kika, der Kinderkanal wollte mich auch einmal zerstören und alles tun, um mein Leben zur Hölle zu
machen. Es passte den Herrschaften nicht, daß ich PR für The Tribe machte, eine Serie, die der Sender
gekauft hatte. Die Drohung wurde innerhalb der ersten 5 Minuten des allerersten Marketing-PR-
Gespräches ohne Grund ausgesprochen. Es passte wohl nicht, daß ich alles absegnen sollte, war Ki.Ka
14/05/2007

===== PAGE 362 =====
{"alpha_words": 258, "chars": 1720, "method": "ocr", "page": 362, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 2
PR-mäßig machte.
Ich kannte Ki.Ka (schlechtes Image haben die Verantwortlichen) aus Cannes und meinen Kunden Cloud 9
noch viel länger auch aus Cannes von der MIP. Bei der Pressekonferenz mit den eingeflogenen
Schauspielern aus Neuseeland hatte Ki.Ka auch dann grandios versagt und die Schauspieler und ich
mussten dann eine Katastrophe abwenden. Der gezeigte Pressetrailer bei der PK im Februar 2001 in
Hamburg war beinahe direkt das Aus der Serie. Der Videozusammenschnitt war von mir weder genehmigt
worden, noch der Inhalt mit mir abgesprochen worden und war der totale Horror. Die Presse erstarrte zur
Salzsäule und ich gleich mit. Ich konnte die Journaille glücklicherweise zu Einzelinterviews mit den
angereisten Teenie-Schauspielern ermuntern und mit Bravour habe die Schauspieler die eigentliche Story,
das Feeling der Serie rübergebracht.
Raymond Thompson (von Queen Elizabeth Il für seine Arbeiten geehrt) gehört Cloud 9 Screen
Entertainment Group. Ich war auch bei ihm und seiner Familie in Neuseeland in seinem Haus bei einer
Weltreise schon vor meiner PR-Tätigkeit dort zu Gast. Cloud 9 gehört zur Sanctuary Group, die wiederum
mit Robbie Williams verstrickt sind. Ray und ich hatten in Anwesenheit seiner Frau bei ihm in der Küche um
Cloud 9 gewettet. Ich hatte die Wette gewonnen, aber das Unternehmen natürlich nicht angenommen.
Forschen Sie mal bitte nach.
Mit freundlichen Grüßen
Section 40
P.S: Irgendjemand befragte mich damals im Herbst 2004 in der Psychiatrie zu El Ayun. Diese Stadt in der
Westsahara hatte ich mal mit Touristikern aus Fuerteventura besichtigt. Ich habe noch heute meinen dort
gekauften Section 4
Section 40
40547 Düsseldort
Tel: Section 40
FAX: Section 40
14/05/2007

===== PAGE 363 =====
{"alpha_words": 603, "chars": 3793, "method": "ocr", "page": 363, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 2
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Section 40 aol.com
13 May 2007 20:24
Section 40
DAS-UFO-Office
Subject:
G8 / Sarin / El Al / Amsterdam / Prince Harry
Attachments: Belden / Dioxin / Flughafenbrand Düsseldorf
Dear Madam and Sirs,
Excellencies,
I refer to my various emails of today. (Sunday, Embassies) Some of you have read information from me
before.
I have reasons to believe that there is a connection between German suppliers of Sarin that was found in
the El Al plane that crashed in Amsterdam after taking off from Amsterdam to Israel.
I have reported a connection of emotional depression and Sarin. Sarin in low dosage can induce
dysbalance of the emotional well-being, distress or depressions. I reported former colleagues of mine at
Belden Electronics behaved weirder and I felt weirder as well at that time after the plane crashed. Only
some weeks I reported a connection of depressions to Authorities and Belden and El Al to German
Authorities, nobody bothers.
Our cables were airshipped from USA to Amsterdam to further transport them to the warehouse in Neuss at
that time. We used El Al as it was regarded the safest airline for cargo.
I also see a connection of German Authorities being negatively involved in the death of Princess Diana and
also Prince Harry plots. I was aware of problems with Royal Ships and other problems in Autumn 2004
when I was kidnapped, mutilated and other things happening to me. After each attack I was mis-diagnosed
as paranoid schizophrenic (person thinks she talked to secret service or similiar organizations) and thrown
into closed ward of psychiatry instead of a full medical check up. I was mistreated and did not get any
medical help. As nobody bothers in Germany, Germany is in a state of war with you. Mind you, New
Scotland Yard seems a bit nut as well. A hint of war can be found on the website of the White House. A war
Please note that none of our German (West) Presidents have been elected according to our Basic Law.
That Law (Grundgesetz) also calls itself the Constitution within some of its own articles (paragraphs).
According to article 55 GG (Grundgesetz) Section 1 the President must not be member of a political party
that is either in power on Federal or local state level. Only the President may sign international treaties
according to article 59 GG Section 1. The law differentiates strictly between the People and politicians. A
By the way, press really dislikes me. Why that is, is a long story and probably dates back to Autumn 2001
after my interviewing S
photographer, former friend of Massoud, leader of the Northern Alliance,
Afghanistan. I interviewed him shortly after the assassination of Massoud during a National Geographic
Luncheon at MIPCOM 2001 in Cannes. One German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung did not want to take
the interview, then I got scared myself and I was nearly killed afterwards myself. Let us say, there were
more people in the night in my flat without my consent but I was in my bed and for some reason that I had
key to my flat and came in through the door.
The Bundestag may actually only be full of the People according to article 38 GG section 1 and not
politicians. It is not about political parties. The Federal Government according to article 62 GG is the
chancellor who can freely choose the Federal Minister. But the chancellor must be suggested by the
President. Then the Bundestag elects the chancellor, if there is no majority a new one must be found.
Article 63 GG. All Presidents and Federal Minister and chancellor must swear an oath on this Basic Law
All new laws and changes must be agreed upon by the Bundestag and then the Bundesrat. If that does not
happen, then there is no law according to article 76 GG and 77GG. So for the past 58 years the Federal
14/05/2007

===== PAGE 364 =====
{"alpha_words": 483, "chars": 2863, "method": "ocr", "page": 364, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 2
Republic of Germany has not had any real laws as there is noone legitimate to make one. There are all
criminals as well, because they do not work according to the Basic Law and must not be in their position.
The only legitimate person you may talk to is the President of the Bundesrat (Federal Council) according to
article 57 GG who is stepping in actually and gets automatically full Federal President's rights if the latter
one cannot do his job.
I have no idea why nobody does it right and want to be lead by illegal people, who make fake laws and that
are not valid at all. Basically you allies, are a total failure with your stupid Veto rights in Berlin, you failed.
You believed in a nice Germany, that led UK into one dead Princess maybe into another dead Prince, an
already totally upset President Putin, a President Bush who probably invaded the wrong country, namely
Iraq (with a q) instead of Germany, because allegedly material for nuclear weapons and nerve gas was
delivered from Germany. (list is known) UK was also involved (list is known) and actually according to the
list the nuclear warheads from USA were not shipped to Iraq with a q but to Iran many years ago. Then
most of you, probably still believe emissaries instead of speaking directly to your bosses and you do not
Steinmeier is. And I am not going into how upset I am about Ms Condoleezza Rice and Mr. Steinmeier
- Merkel EU blabla talk.
So would you all please inform your Queen and President's and Pentagon and all those people, because I
am getting really upset now. If someone would kindly inform the Mossad I would highly appreciate it. Some
trivia I read about them: The explanation for the Mossad would read something like this. Through lies and
deceipt we get to the top.
Well that started out in a conspiracy book.
I also read that version, which apparently is the real version: Only when all (powers) work together and
exchange information one can be successful.
The DAS-UFO-Office stands for Directorate of Air Staff, the das is no German word for the article "the".
According to the Freedom of Information Act of the UK, the UK work closely with USAF with regard to Orbs
and other funny flying objects in the UK, maybe some are called Haunebu (by Dornier), Triangles and such.
So do not be dumb, do something. Thank you. And I would be most grateful if you could exchange
information how a certain lawyer
Germany, former testimonial of the Mediamarkt
and TV host, got information I had sent to the USA. Allegedly he received my faxes (last year, he emailed
to me, after I was looking for a lawyer) from the US Government, then I have not heard from him again. I
have no clue what information he got, and which US Government he really means (FBI, US Embassy, or
the White House).
Yours sincerelv
Section 40
40547 Düsseldorf
Germany
Tel:
Section 40|
14/05/2007

===== PAGE 365 =====
{"alpha_words": 143, "chars": 1019, "method": "ocr", "page": 365, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
section 40@aol.com
13 May 2007 10:08
ection 40
Belden / Dioxin / Flughafenbrand Düsseldorf
Sehr geehrte Damen und Herren,
weiter unten verschiedene Emails. Waren die Kabel damals beim Flughafenbrand in Düsseldorf (1996) von
Belden? Es gab schon zu meiner Zeit dort halogenfreie Kabel, die weniger Gift bei Brand entwickelte.
Diese waren entsprechend teurer, ansonsten benötigte man spezielle Kabelkanäle um wirklich sicher zu
gehen, daß Kabelbrände keine hochgradigen Vergiftungen bei Menschen und Verseuchung auslösen. Es
Flughafen Düsseldorf (ca. 22 bis 24.09.2004) vielleicht war es ein verspäteter Racheakte, es ging um
Ebenso gab ein ein Verseuchungsproblem am 24/25.09.2004 Flughafen- und Uninähe (Moorenstrasse)
und am 25/26.09.2004 in Köln. Da ging es jedoch um Anthrax (findet man auch in Tierkadavern evt. auch
teilweise in Laub je nach Literatur, ich kann mich da auch verlesen haben - als natürliches Vorkommen)
Mit freundlichen Grüßen
section 40|
14/05/2007

===== PAGE 366 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 490, "method": "ocr", "page": 366, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From: Section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
e-mail
(Direct dial)
020 7218 2140
(Switchboard)
020 7218 9000
(Fax)
lection
das-ufo-office @mod.uk
Section 40
Cwmbran
Gwent
section 40
Our Reterence
23-04-2007-145609-007
Date
4 May 2007
Dear Section 40|
Further to my letter of 24 April 2007 that furnished you with copies of photographs
correspondence
Yours sincerely,
section 40

===== PAGE 367 =====
{"alpha_words": 99, "chars": 681, "method": "ocr", "page": 367, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
Southampton
section 40
TelSection 40
Your Ref; 23-04-2007-145609-007
Dear Section 40
Thank you for your communication of the 24th April 07; in
connection with the photographs of alleged UFOs and newspaper
cuttings you kindly sent to a Freedom of Information Act enquirer.
Yes, I am the sole copyright possessor of the photos and as Public
Relations Officer for the Southampton UFO and Paranormal Group
(SUFOG) for a number of years would it be possible to enable me to
contact the recipient as a matter of possibly mutual interest?
Thank you again for your efficiency, in any case.
1 am,
Yours Sincerely
Section 40
27ẠạẠApril 07
Section 40
102No..
DAS
- 1 MAY 200/
FILE

===== PAGE 368 =====
{"alpha_words": 44, "chars": 327, "method": "ocr", "page": 368, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Section 40
02 May 2007 13:13
ection 40
Subject: Internet-Authorised: UFOs AND REMOTE VIEWING
Dear
ection 40
Thank you for your e-mail of 2 May 2007.
Its contents have been noted and placed on our correspondence file.
DAS-FOI
tion 40
MoD Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
02/05/2007

===== PAGE 369 =====
{"alpha_words": 493, "chars": 2956, "method": "ocr", "page": 369, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ection 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Cc:
Subject:
Attachments:
ction 40
02 May 2007 06:54
Section 40|
Re: UFOs and Remote Viewing
Section 40g
ection #0 (103
KB)
section 40
at DAS-FOI:
Please put this in my file. It's not really UFO related but you have strong
connections with your Air Force Intelligence and the following is definitely of
interest to them.
Here is a humerous vision that senior officers should appreciate. I saw the answer to
fly from Finland to Russia's Red
Square at the heigth of the cold war on May 28, 1987? Nobody has a good answer for
this mystery and the Russian's provide conflicting answers that nobody believes. I saw
in a vision that the radar operators thought his Cessna 172 was a big crane.
I looked into it and for the first time his flight through Russian airspace made
sense. The Siberian Cranes leg bone was half a wave length of the Russian radar they
used then and made the cranes resonate like Cessnas on their radar. The Siberian Crane
nested near Finland and would fly hundreds of miles south to feed in the marshes north
of Moscow. They regularly fly at over 5000 ft. and at 60 miles an hour. With a tail
wind they can excede the speed of a Cessna. After this Russian fighter pilots were
authorized to use any Siberian Cranes flying west of the Urals for target practice.
Right away the Siberain Cranes west of the Urals mysteriously disappeared and all the
many attempts to reintroduce them have mysteriously failed.
we think the Japanese surrendered in 1945. They never did. They had inappropriate
people sign the armistance. It should have been the Emperor and the Prime Minister (or
the equivalent which was the Shogunate at the Convention of Kanagawa) but it was only
signed by a General who had no command to surrender and their Foreign Minister when
they had no Embassies left to surrender. The Japanese have done this in the past. It's
in their history that they send the wrong envoys to negotiate treaties just so they
can later deny them. They have used this a lot. Just ask a student of Japanese
history.
This is because they intend to win world War II. To do this they hae put a large
number of nukes into orbit. They usually piggyback them with the large satellites they
launch.
ah, of nuke the orben.
ne thing that you can check out is this. A proposal to launch a satelitte takes about
ive years. By the time it is launched it's weight has been trimmed by close to twenty
percent. Often it is by miniturization but the Japanese still use the same (or
Also, the boosters are simply able to launch more weight than they say they can.
but
some are bogus, completely a sham. I think maybe MD5 (Mission Demonstration test
Satellite) is one.
Some of the satellites are close to half the weight they should be and the actual
They actually reduce the amount of fuel and leave the tank part empty. Recently a
simple redesigned nozzle that combined fuel and oxidizer more efficiently increased
the power significantly.

===== PAGE 370 =====
{"alpha_words": 810, "chars": 4748, "method": "ocr", "page": 370, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Besides all of the innocent non Japanese they will murder this information will save
at least 90 million Japanese lives. The Japanese are going to get nuked and most
ly 'Anthraxed' because of this. They are trying to pull off something 100 times
size of Pearl Harbor and keep their participation a complete secret.
That is why 90 million Japanese will die.
Not all of their secret satellites are nukes. Some I have seen are used for hyjacking
satellites (including either a British or French one). They hyjack both Russian
and U.S. However, the Russians think the U.S. is doing it and vice versa. So American
leaders don't want to hear this information. The Japanese literally put a substitute
thin mylar replica in it's place. You can shoot right through them with lasers of the
right frequency. They are filled with a gas, probably a noble gas. If you tune the
laser right the inside will resonate and give off the spectrum of the gas inside. They
use a small disk that is heated in order to give off the right heat signiture when the
satellite goes into the earths shadow but it doesn't work right. The tapering off of
the heat is not linear like the real ones. Mainly, it is not the correct spectrum for
your sensors. (It's made only to fool U.S. equipment.
They know how the U.S. does it but not you.) There are other ways to detect the fake
ones. I think the British one they stole had optics which should reflect when a light
is shined on it. I wonder if a careful observation would show the dummy satellite
speeding up and slowing down during each orbit because of the effect of photons from
the sun? They put them in a heat shield and bring them down that way.
Hey, want to see a shocker? In my visions, about three years ago, I saw a V1 rocket
looking missile that Russia intends to use to spread Anthrax. I thought 'nobody is
going to believe this'. Then a year later I found this photograph of them pulling one
of those V1 bombs out of the belly of the Kursk minus the wing extensions which are
quickly bolted on. (See the attachment.) They automatically drop anthrax to maintain
trim as the fuel
is used up. They are flat on the bottom, have no rivets, are small
and are covered with a real good radar absorbent so you can hardly detect them on
These will putter along at a low speed for 1200 miles and they poison a 10-40 mile
wide swaths the entire distance. You won't even be able to safely drive across thos
swaths for about 50 years. They have been breeding Anthrax so only about 8 spores will
cause death in 50% of the people.
For the Japanese they plan to use a different type of Anthrax. For 40 years they have
hundreds of people looking through microscopes and have developed flat spores that
float like snowflakes and stay in the air seemingly forever. Then they stick with
static to whatever they come in contact with.
The point is that you are not supposed to know that Russia is responsible for these.
It you shot one down it would most likely have Chinese markings on it. welcome to the
KGB plans for the world.
I have sent this all to the U.S. authorities but they are not interested. Americans
have no experience with V1 bombs and they have not had to deal with a Gruinard Island
like you have.
Another vision I had was the location of the Russian secret sub pens. Principally I
saw in visions that they are under the ship yards. The ground was hotter over where
the locks were. So to hide them from satellites they put those 'submarine shaped'
nuclear waste dumps directly over the locks. Just dial in the coordinates of those
waste dumps. You don't even need nukes, a 2000 pound conventional bomb will send a
Prove it yourself using thermal detectors from your satellites. If radioactive waste
is supplying all the heat then it will add exactly the same amount of heat either in
the winter or summer compared to the ground temperature nearby. (The delta T will
remain the same.) However, the temperature probably fluctuates because part of it's
thermal emission is provided by the locks which change with respect to the grouds
temperature. The temperature of the ground above the locks is relatively stable (at
about 55 F). That spot of ground may actually be cooler than the ground nearby during
the summer.In any case they stored their nuclear waste right on top of the locks even
though it is in the way of people working and dangerously close to the ocean, fresh
water supplies and population centers. In fact they are in blatant volation of several
of their own regulations.
Also, the temperature of the ocean water changes near the entrance whenever a sub
leaves. Even frozen ice often starts to melt. When a sub goes in then the sub releases
warm water at the entrance in a swirling motion, more to the sides.

===== PAGE 371 =====
{"alpha_words": 22, "chars": 171, "method": "ocr", "page": 371, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sincerely:
Section 40
proneSection 40
Click for free estimate on vinyl siding, 200% stronger & lower cost
http://tagline.hushmail.com/fc/CAaCXv1SJEFWRjM7X3EODMgBD3CrPgOd/

===== PAGE 372 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 1636, "method": "ocr", "page": 372, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Just filed to poton boon;
osssed on to Porton
co answer
Section 40
Section Telford
Shropshire
sec
ion 40
England
UK.
April 20th 2007
Ministry of Defence
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW 1A 2HB
Dear Sir or Madam,
This letter is for the attention of 'Secretariat (Air Staff) 2a' or another department. I am unsure
whom this should official be referred to but would appreciate any help that you can offer.
I am writing to enquire about further information regarding a deceased Doctor whom allegedly
worked for the Ministry of Defence (MOD) and later the Porton Down facility (under its various
names over the years), between the years 1955 or 1957, through to 2000.
His name was
and was allegedly involved with work on a crashed and
retrieved unidentified flying object (UFO) and its occupants, referred to as extraterrestrial
biological entities (EBEs).
He specifically worked on something called Project HS-14. Please can you give me any
further information on this.
I would appreciate any information you can offer on a small committee allegedly referred to as
Group 7. This group is apparently involved with the above incident, project, Porton Down
facility and
ection 40
Is their an underground facility involved with the above at the Porton Down facility?
Additionally, can you offer any information on two alleged underground military installations
associated with Porton Down. These are located in the Lake District of England and the
highlands of Scotland.
Any information that you could offer me would be greatly appreciated.
Yours faithfully,
Section 40
DAS
2 5 APR 2007
ESPLARIES
Section 40
AT PORTON DOWN
TO AVER
NOT FOR US.

===== PAGE 373 =====
{"alpha_words": 13, "chars": 57, "method": "ocr", "page": 373, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
t

eo wore Na oi eee a MG and. 4a

eT ED I EE ONE cp oa

===== PAGE 374 =====
{"alpha_words": 186, "chars": 1207, "method": "ocr", "page": 374, "variant": "plain-vision"}
** TRANSMISSION REPORT
SID :
Number
Date : 25-04-07 09:54
Date/lime
Dialled number
Durat.
Mode
Pages
Status
25-04 9:53
Section 40
0'36i
NORMAL
1
Correct
40
Seen 40
erection 40
April 20" 2007
Ministry of Defence
Vain Building
Whitehall
SW1A 2HB
Dear Sir or Madam,
This letter is for the
This the for he fia be ref sedat wou apreciate an her that you can on un sure
I am for no engay of Defere Mo and te ate aron Down diy under a Valed,
ames over the years), between the years 1955 or 1957, through to 200(
etrieved underule tybajod 400) and is occupants, retired to on extratered an
Diologiaal entities (EBEs).
He specifically worked on something called Project HS-14. Please can you give me an
urther information on this
I would appreciate any information you can offer or
Group 7. This group is apr
all committee allegedly referred to
ove incident, project, Porton Dr
factlity and C
Section 40
Is their an underground facility
involved with the
oditionally, can you offer any infomation on
ssociated with Porton Down. These are lo
highlands of Scotland.
at the Porton Down facility?
loded underic of England alad the
Any information that you could offer me would be
Yours faithfully
Section 4
2 5 APR 2007

===== PAGE 375 =====
{"alpha_words": 133, "chars": 868, "method": "ocr", "page": 375, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of.1
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
section 40
20 April 2007 10:00
section
@yahoo.com'
Subject: Internet-Authorised: AIRCRAFT ACTIVITY 24 MARCH 2007
Dear
ection 40
Thank you for your letter of 9 April 2007 asking if there was any military aircraft activity in the
Cullen Bay area of Banffshire on 24th March 2007 at 13:30 hours.
The Ministry of Defence does not keep a central record of aircraft flights or activity and therefore we are
unable to answer your question. However, this area of air space would fall under the control of the civilian air
traffic control at Edinburgh who would direct the movement of air traffic (including military aircraft) in that area
and it is possible that they may have a record of aircraft present at the time.
I am sorry that I could not be more helpful.
ection 40
DAS-FOI
MoD Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
20/04/2007

===== PAGE 376 =====
{"alpha_words": 119, "chars": 707, "method": "ocr", "page": 376, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EAST 2 WEST UFO SOCIETY
"HERE TO INFORM"
Section 40
Livingston
West Lothian
Section 40
Tel:
e-mail: Section 40@yahoo.com
9" April 2007
Dear sir/madam,
A gentleman who lives in the Elgin area of
Scotland has sent me a report of up to eight white discs he
photographed in the Cullen Bay area of Banffshire on the24th
of March 2007 at 13:30 hours.
He did not see the discs when he was photographing them
only when he downloaded them from his digital camera onto
his computer. Could you please tell me was there any military
activity in the area on that date/time? I look forward to hearing
back from you, thanking you in anticipation.
Regards
Section 40
Director of the East 2 West Ufo Society
102NO.
DAS
FILE

===== PAGE 377 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 354, "method": "ocr", "page": 377, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Section 40
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5h Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
Belfast
Northern Ireland
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
11 April 2007
Dear Sir,
our answerphone.
Thank you.
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 378 =====
{"alpha_words": 84, "chars": 639, "method": "ocr", "page": 378, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
From:
Directorate of Air Staff — Freedom of Information 1

MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5" Floor, Zone-H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone (Direct dial) --020 7218 2140
(Switchboard)  _020 7218 9000
(Fax)

Your Reference:

Our Reference:
Elgin , D/DAS/64/3

_Morayshire Date:
| Section 4] 28 March 2007

Dear SIIB 0

I am writing regarding your message left on DAS answerphone on the 26 March 2007. This office
is the focal point within the Ministry of Defence for correspondence relating to ‘UFOs’.

If you have details of a UFO sighting, can you please leave the information on our answerphone. |

Thank you.

Yours sincerely

===== PAGE 379 =====
{"alpha_words": 64, "chars": 509, "method": "ocr", "page": 379, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From Section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SWA 2HB
Telephone
e-mail
(Direct dial)
020 7218 2140
(Switchboard)
020 7218 9000
(Fax)
Section 40
das-ufo-office@mod.uk
39
Section 40
Tor 121/2001
Date
22 March 2007
Romford
Essex
Section 40
Dear
Section 40
passed to this office to answer.
scrambling or diversion of air defence aircraft).
Display cameras as standard.
I hope this is helpful.
Yours sincerely,
Section 40

===== PAGE 380 =====
{"alpha_words": 76, "chars": 632, "method": "ocr", "page": 380, "variant": "plain-vision"}
T001721 2007 - 20070321113609 - Section 40
From: feedback@www.mod.uk
Sent: 13 March 2007 14:03
To: Ministers
Subject: Ask a Minister
Below is the result of your feedback form. It was submitted on Tuesday, March
13, 2007 at 14:02:41
txtfirstname
Section
txtlastname:
txtsubject: uap
txtaddress1: Section 40
txtaddress2:
txttowncity: romford
txtstatecountry: essex
txtzipcodepostcode Section 40
txtcountry: Uk
txtemailAddress:
Section 40
@aol. com
txtrequest: I have read the unclassified documents on ariel phenomina, i sidents
hope that airforce pilots get cameras fitted to planes and report any
in case of foreign activity
Page 1

===== PAGE 381 =====
{"alpha_words": 207, "chars": 1462, "method": "ocr", "page": 381, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO BE GIVEN PRIORITY AT ALL TIMES
Page 1 of 2
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Cc:
Subject:
Section 40
21 March 2007 12:29
Section 40
FW: Internet-Authorised: Treat Official Correspondence: TO01721/2007
Attachments: TO01721 2007 - 20070321113609 -
ectiort O
For you, I think - I can't be expected to cope with this level of spelling!
From: Parli Branch-Treat-Official
Sent: 21 March 2007 11:37
To: DAS-Sec; Low Flying
Cc: STC-RAF Parliamentary Business
Subject: Internet-Authorised: Treat Official Correspondence: T001721/2007
To:
Copy To:
Our Reference:
Due Date:
DAS Sec
HQ STC/PTC Sec,
TO01721/2007
13 April 2007
the public, which this office has neither retained nor acknowledged. Please send a reply on
behalf of the PM/Minister/Department.
Ministers attach great importance to correspondence being answered promptly, and your
same timescale. You should be aware that No 10 periodically calls for a sample of letters
sent by officials on the PM's behalf for his perusal.
need to do anything differently as this will meet the requirements of the Act. However, if
the Access to Information toolkit, and comply with the separate FOI guidance from DG Info
correspondence should be treated as an FOIA request, you should ask your FOI Focal Point
or refer to the guidance produced by DG Info.
correspondence received from members of the public, though the Parliamentary
Detailed guidance on handling TO Correspondence can be found on the Defence Intranet at
21/03/2007

===== PAGE 382 =====
{"alpha_words": 49, "chars": 360, "method": "ocr", "page": 382, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO BE GIVEN PRIORITY AT ALL TIMES
Page 2 of 2
cp://main.defence.mod.uk/min_parl/PariBrch/TOGuid.htm. If you do not have access to
the Intranet, please inform the Ministerial Correspondence Unit.
Email: ParliBranch-Treat-Official@mod.uk
Regards,
MOD Parliamentary Branch
Ministerial Correspondence Unit
ection 40
e: ParliBranch-Treat-Official@mod.uk
21/03/2007

===== PAGE 383 =====
{"alpha_words": 88, "chars": 608, "method": "ocr", "page": 383, "variant": "plain-vision"}
section 40
From:
To:
Sent:
Subject:
System Administrator
lon
@aol.com
22 March 2007 09:02
Undeliverable: Returned mail: see transcript for details
Your message did not reach some or all of the intended recipients.
Subject:
Sent:
AIRCRAFT CAMERAS AND THE CONTROL OF UK AIR SPACE
22/03/2007 09:01
The following recipients) could not be reached:
paol.com on 22/03/2007 09:02
The e-mail account does not exist at the organization this message was sent to. Check the e-mail address, or contact the recipient directly
to find out the correct address.
< outbound.public.mod.uk #5.1.1 SMTP; 550 MAILBOX NOT FOUND>
1

===== PAGE 384 =====
{"alpha_words": 54, "chars": 373, "method": "ocr", "page": 384, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
KNEES
Bromley,
Chent
(Section 40
102NO..
DAS
1 9 1502 2007
FILE
13th March, 2007
Dear Section 40
Section 40
Just a thank you for your efforts in the past for
ntlworld.com I very much appreciate it.
I am enclosing a Leaflet of mine just to show that I am not a complete
expert because I have seen more than them. That's another story.
Yours sincerely,
Section 40

===== PAGE 385 =====
{"alpha_words": 111, "chars": 688, "method": "ocr", "page": 385, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Greenwich One
MYSTERIES IN
CROWDED SKIES
Theadsy iver the
like
the
sea and earth, has
many unsolved mys-
teries.
Man
nas
often
blamed disasters and
miracles on events,
manifestations, deities.
By Eric Rush
and objects observed
above them or de-
scending to earth, each
dynasty
describing
what is seen in its own
stage of development.
Flying dragons, chari-
ots, angels, airships,
flying saucers and ufos.
This pamphlet gives details
of ufo sightings seen over
South London and North Kent
by just one observer.
The first in August 1956 was at
Orpington Kent, an object glowing
as a light bulb flew between clouds
at great speed. Its direction was
going towards Greenwich.
Continued page 5

===== PAGE 386 =====
{"alpha_words": 531, "chars": 3142, "method": "ocr", "page": 386, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SKY DIVE HOT SHOT
A memorable/frightening sighting took place on
October 28th, 1980, between 4.40 and 4.55 pm.
Atter observing a bright star like object almost
directly overhead, to high an elevation to be an
evening star, a strange event took place over South
London. A black corkscrewing plume almost to
feint to see at first could be seen dropping below
the 'star' which remained in place. This black trail
was observed falling for over ten minutes.
When the object causing the trail reached about
30,000ft it divided into three, still leaving trails,
which fell levelling out at about a 1,000ft and these
objects then flew towards the horizon disappearing
to the SE, S, SW. The 'star' stayed directly over-
head throughout and the whole event took about
15 minutes. About this time tapes recording radar
contacts were removed by the MOD from RAF
Neatishead this again happened after the Rendle-
sham Forest incident in the following
December/January.
30,000ft
TRAVELLING home on my mo-
torbike after a late
shitt on a daily
newspaper one
March morning in
1993 a long, thin, beam of green
light pierced the night
This was as I rode along from
Bromley to Bickley (Kent). This
laser like beam reached up at an
angle through the low cloud, this
was directly in front of me, it
could have been anything from a
mile to ten miles away. The green
line went from felt to right.
Seconds later a burning mass
emerged through the gloom of the
clouds, flames and smoke billow-
ing, this travelled from my right to
left and appeared quite near. If this
reached the ground I would place
it about Dartford or even the
Thames. Was this target practice,
did a meteor trigger some form of
defence response or was an intrud-
er shot down.
But this is Bromley not the
place for target practice.
ENCOUNTER AT 35,000 ft
Travelling back from Majorca (March 15) on Flight 344B from Palma
having just passed over the Pyrenees about GMT 10.25 (my watch). I
was looking out of the window right side when I saw a vapour trail
diving straight down a few hundred yards away, it was almost black but
golden coloured on the sun side. The odd thing apart from being close
to the plane and diving was that the bottom of the trail was almost level
with the aircraft. Although I told my wife it was a meteorite which was
my first impression because of its closeness to the plane and I could not
see a cause. Then it became apparent that our plane must have been
tracking it because if it was dropping/diving I should have lost sight of
the bottom of the trail, but we observed it for about 11/2 minutes through
the same window (I used clouds to give perspective and orientation),
eventually the contrail angled and levelled out and a small black object
flew back behind the plane (still level) until out of sight. Because of its
size another aircraft should be ruled out unless it was a small jet trainer
doing a massive loop the loop.
I can assure you it was close enough to be a near miss if it was a craft,
but as I say our plane seemed to be tracking with it with no sudden
movements. Its size when seen was small, car size, definitely not big-
ger than the Jet Trainer.

===== PAGE 387 =====
{"alpha_words": 437, "chars": 2525, "method": "ocr", "page": 387, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BROMLEY MYSTERY
July 2002
Psar to pass els apo
the lower left edge it stayed in the
same place for 25 minutes (observed
a stationary object in the
time) although it appeared smaller
and brighter towards the end. A very
skies over Bromley.
thin moon was a few degrees to the
At 17.50pm on July 13, 2002, an
right at much the same elevation,
object was seen conspicuous by its
initially unseen behind cloud.
lack of movement. Its size can only
Later that
be estimated against the size of air-
month it was
craft in the same area of sky at the
claimed that
time. As the planes passed by the size
a second
appeared to be about as big as from
tip to wing (half the front cabin area),
moon had
as it can be assumed that something
been discov-
this size would have been seen it
ered which
follows that it must have been at a
in turn was
higher altitude.
dismissed as
If it was higher than it must have
a large piece
Petts W
been bigger probably on the edge of
of
Saturn
space. The object was round (sphere) rocket space
with a dark shadow or reflection on junk.
uy 13, 1750hrs, 30,000ft, Souther
1845hrs.
July 2003
Then, in a different area, a movement caught my eye and there it was, a sphere, but this one was not a
black orb stationary in the sky like a few weeks ago or the silvery one from June last year. This sphere
cue. It was the best colour match one could expect to see. The sighting lasted from first glint to fade in
just about two minutes. Everyone agreed that it was very high and its size and intensity of colour ruled
this colour matching just reflection or is it camouflage?
CROWDED SKIES
From page 1
Later, in 1969, the Condon re-
port revealed a sighting, radar con-
tact and chase of a ufo over
Lakenheath that took place on Au-
Simlar sightings followed even
one which appeared to show a small
sighting
took place on October 28th, 1980,
between 4.40 and 4.55pm.
After observing a star like object
almost directly overhead, to high an
elevation to be an evening star, a
strange event took place over South
London. A black corkscrewing
plume almost to feint to see at first
was seen dropping below the 'star'
which remained in place. This black
trail was observed falling for over 15
minutes.
Early one March morning in 1993
a thin beam of green light pierced
the night into the low cloud, seconds
later a burning mass emerged
through the gloom of the clouds,
harnes and smoke billowing looking
just as an aircraft that had been shot
down would look like. But this was
Bromley not the place for target
practice.

===== PAGE 388 =====
{"alpha_words": 759, "chars": 4625, "method": "ocr", "page": 388, "variant": "plain-vision"}
METEORIZE
10.18 am | observed this aer-
ial effect possibly caused by a
meteorite. From start to finish
was not more than three min-
utes. Looking North from
Bickley, Kent, into a lightly
hazy blue sky i saw two small
puffs of black cloud appears
from behind a wide thin patch
of cloud (like a contrail that
has begun to dissipate),
these at once spread into a
thick bellowing white cloud
similar to steam from a facto-
even farther up over the sea.
KEN
Bizarre theory that connects Taken, ET and Rendlesham Forest.
central to the plot is Allie Keys whose family is joined with the alien race and pursued by the Crawford's.
That lovable ET spends his time on Earth causing fun and mayhem but also trying (unsuccessfully) to avoid
child from a single parent family who has an alien friend, using screen writers to enlarge the idea he makes
ET, which came out in 1982. The other part of the story is about a man's obsession to capture an alien. This
carries a large bunch of keys on his belt which jangle when he walks, second, he is known as a bloke who
can open a lot of doors. Connection: Keys.
These descriptions from both include the ufo looking like a Christmas Tree, also a mist being used to hide
the craft. The ship giving off a Lavender Blue light and a rainbow of colours. Also, there is mention of a
ning through the forest with torches. It has been suggested that armed soldiers unintentionally took their
weapons into the forest at the first sighting in Rendlesham. Also the confusion is mentioned in both ac-
counts. Add the barking dog and the usually quite log/fire road and the two stories almost mirror each other.
I'm not suggesting ET is a true story but that, perhaps, somebody when making the film asked the American
Air Force for help when writing the script. President Reagan is known to have said at a private showing of
Of Rendlesham a Prime Minister said: "You can't tell the people".
to the original sighting in 1956 of the Bentwater?Lakenheath event.
Three's a crowd...
AT 11.03 am on April 23 rd, 2004, while looking west
from Bromley at a large plane, banking and climbing
from Heathrow, two very bright objects could be seen
above and behind it. The reason they were worth
watching was that they were very reflective and slow
moving.
The brightest and largest object slowly made its
way easterly, looking as if it was tumbling or rotating.
Directly overhead the object gave off a star shape
flare from the sun's reflection but seemed to have a
solid coffin type shape. The other object was in its
original position more or less, it was either way be-
hind, which made it look smaller, or a lot higher still.
It made small progress easterly, this whole event took
about ¼ hour. Five minutes later, scanning the skies
again, a new object, or the back of one of the original
two, was observed in the east. This one was slightly
oval, black in colour (shadow) with a slight red tinge
on the right side. Lost sight due to rooftops and trees.
These objects were not basket type hot air balloons,
although they were high enough for weather balloons.
They were flying over Heathrow and Gatwick
flightpaths.
To: enquiries@metoffice.com Subject: bal-
oons
Hello, Could you please answer a question for
me: Did two weather ballons pass over London
on Aprl 23 between 11 am and 11.20 am
travelling south (south east) guessing one high-
er than the other travelling quite slowly.
From: <customercentre@metoffice.com> Sub-
ject: RE: balloons Date: 07 May 2004 05:45
Thank you for your enquiry requesting informa-
tion on weather balloons.
Basically what you have found is a weather
balloon, also know as a radiosonde. These are
launched from several locations around the UK
and rest of the world around 4 times per day.
The nearest station to the north of London is
near Nottingham and the usual launch times for
balloons at this time of day is approximately
The balloons are filed with Helium and have a
box containing weather Instruments (a radio-
sonde) attached to them. When the balloon is
launched it can reach heights of 25,000 m and
travel long distances. As the balloon rises,
pressure decreases and the balloon keeps ex-
panding, until eventually it bursts, and the para-
chute allows it to fall to the ground gently.
During its flight the balloon is tracked by radar
to measure wind speed and direction. The in-
struments in the radiosonde send back mea-
surements of temperature, pressure and
moisture in the atmosphere. Kind Regards Mike
Customer Centre, Met Office, FitzRoy Road,
Exeter, Devon, EX1 3PB, United Kingdom.
Tel: 0870 900 0100 Fax: 0870 900 5050
Email: customercentre@metoffice.com

===== PAGE 389 =====
{"alpha_words": 375, "chars": 2285, "method": "ocr", "page": 389, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EASTANGLIA
HE mystery of Rendlesham
Forest probably goes back to
the mid-twelfth century.
A corridor that stretches from the
East coast at Bentwaters to Laken-
heath has probably he most docu-
mented sightings that date back
nearly a thousand years. Strangely,
the main stories are very similar.
There are three very similar encoun-
ters which share the same locations
in East Anglia, each with similar
descriptions and a military presence
to record the events. In 1980 in
Kendlesham Forest American air-
man find an unusual craft in the
woods outside an operational air-
base, this eventually takes off and
appears to split into three and two
parts appear merge in another part
of he sky. Different shapes and col-
ours are noted and distances of
around 10 miles from the base are
given for some of the sightings.
Going back to 1956 and there was
another encounter known as the
Lakenheath sighting. At Bentwa-
ters a radar contact of a craft travel-
ling very fast and passing over the
base and moving towards Laken-
heath where it was also observed
visually. An RAF jet was guided to
its position several times in pursuit.
Again, we have sightings of three
different shapes and colours per-
forming amazing aerobatics, some
merging to form one contact. Amer-
ican airmen and RAF personnel
were involved in this sighting.
In 1646, again in the same area,
there are reports of three strange
objects like fiery swords performing
amazing aerobatics merging and
separating above the heads of army
observers and good citizens. Three
stories that are almost identical,
could they be a phenomena that ap-
pears in skies above East Anglia at
irregular intervals.
Other strange stories from this area
are the Green Children of Woolpit,
who were found wandering in the
forest, their skin was green in colour
and they spoke a strange language
and the Merman of Orford caught
in fishermen's nets, an extremely
hairy man who could not communi-
cate in a known tongue. These sto-
ries come from the Twelfth century.
The 1577 Black Dog of Bungay
entered two churches in Bungay and
Blythburg killing two people, leav-
ing one badly burned and scorched
scratch-marks can still be seen on
the door of one of the churches.
Baroness Thatcher, autograph for You
Can't Tell the People
DANT TELL
THE
PEOPLE

===== PAGE 390 =====
{"alpha_words": 782, "chars": 4558, "method": "ocr", "page": 390, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MID-KENT LASER DISPLAY
HIS strange
formation of
cloud was ob-
served over the
middle of Kent
viewed
from
Bluebell Hill.
Two flat clouds were
connected by
three
straight vapour trails, giv-
ing the impression that a
laser or heat source had
pierced the lower cloud
and vapour was rising
along thermal channels
to form a new cloud at a
higher
level.
The
straightness of the va-
pour trails ruled out aero-
batics of any type and
neight of clouds dismiss-
es
conventional target
practice.
Laser beams fired in
quick succession would
seem to be a possible
answer, although nor-
mally invisible in daylight
their presence
given
away by a cloud that ap-
peared in an otherwise
clear sky.
BOX CLEVER
A Squadron Lead-
er (RAF) wrote that
he has never come
across this formation
four usual for tran ere visible, al acrost for know
trails travelled from so because of the what
purpose
west to east over presumed high
alti- served.
South London then tude, they must
turned south.
have been trav-
The difference with elling very fast.
this set of trails was As they moved
that they were in a across the sky
box formation, this and
turned
was a vertical box, south the upright
the clear blue sky box shape be-
could give no indica- came apparent.
KEVIN CONDE
Rendlesham
rorest
This is a letter that I sent to Michael Hanlon at the Daily Mail, July 3, 2003 in response to his recent de-
bunking of the Rendiesnam Event.
With reference to your article of reporting the confession of Kevin Conde. Although I do not dispute that he
did perpetrate a hoax around that time I cannot believe his hoax is the same event known as the Rendlesham
Forest Mystery. For a start if he was on duty that night he would have been interviewed by any inquiry USAF
or MOD and for some reason he does not appear to have been missed from his post, meaning he must have
colluded with a partner to have pulled it off. He also didn't own up when it was realised that an inquiry would
take place.
The car that was used is described as a battered 1979 Plymouth Volare as the event happened in 1980 the
vehicle was just over a year old and presumably only driven on base hardly the place to wreck a brand new
car. A bit of embellishment?
they tound nothing above background (radiation) levelsạ
If a bit of ordinary factfinding had been done it would have shown the event happened off base in the forest
not on the taxiway which meant the American servicemen left the base some possibly still carrying weapons
they did not have time to hand in (assuming they were running to help a downed aircraft). If a helicopter was
spot, surely, by somebody. As this was in the forest and tree branches were broken above the site it would
have been a major incident in its own right.
If Michael Hanlon wishes to be a debunker I would advise him to read Miss Bruni's book and also UFO
Magazine, but perhaps even better, divulge who rattled his chain, to write a full page article with so little to
say, on evidence that is flimsy to say the least. Also he might like to check up on the Lakenheath sighting in
1956 which also is well documented by the RAF and USAF when an unidentified object actually flew over
the same base at Rendlesham before being chased by RAF fighters and tracked on American radar.-ERIC
RUSH
Dear Mr Rush.
of the base. No one would have 'missed' him because he was not supposed to be in any particular place at any
particular time.
is, indeed what Col Halt says in his memo. I understand however that this may have been a mistake.
3) Helicopters land in forest clearings all the time.
4) Ms Bruni is a Believer. Her book maintains that a UFO visited Rendlesham at this time. I do not believe
5) The car - fair point. Conde described it to me as "one of those old Plymouth Volares" and, foolishly, I didn't
stop to think.... However, judging by the woeful standards of US automobile construction in the 1970s, I can
quite believe even a one-year-old General Motors product would have been quite battered and beaten up ....
have a desperate need to believe that the Earth is regularly visited by aliens from outer space, just as the same
not because it says anything interesting about what is Out There, but for what it says about what is In Here.
several alien civilisations out there (although the number may have been overstated) but I think it is
inconceiveable that any would have chosen to visit us. Yet. This may change, of course, as our presence in
the cosmos becomes ever more advertised. But if They do come and visit, I think it unlikely that their chosen
Best wishes, Mike Hanlon

===== PAGE 391 =====
{"alpha_words": 139, "chars": 814, "method": "ocr", "page": 391, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MALAGA
Aufe or oR the gaing shot wis
Unseen at the time,
town before spluttering
like a spent firework over
discovered in holiday
damage, this im-
photos taken in Septem-
The local press report-
ber 2000 on the Costa
age appeared on
ed later that a defective
photograph
A YEAR earlier one late
missile fired by the mili-
tary had caused a fire in
taken from the
night in Benal Medina an
the National Park behind
object was seen travel-
beach area to-
ling over the town and
Malaga, although on the
right night surely a mili-
wards Malaga
burning out before falling
into the sea. It streaked
tary missile did not travel
over one of Spain's holi-
airport.
over from behind the
day hotspots.
ACTUAL SIZE FOSSIL - APPEARING TO SUG-
GEST A MITTEN SHAPE WITH THUMB AND
FOUR FINGER ENDS.
E-MAIL: greenwichone@yahoo.co.uk

===== PAGE 392 =====
{"alpha_words": 278, "chars": 1619, "method": "ocr", "page": 392, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Attachments:
37
ection 40
03 March 2007 13:29
Re: UFOs and Remote Viewing
the sonnets.html
the sonnets.htmi
(123 KB)
Thank you for your prompt reply. I feel aa need to qualify myself though I
am not certain why.
I am sending an attachment you might wish to add to my iile. It shows my ability to,
among other things, notice things that other people don't and for those things to be
This attachment as well as the other attachments I have sent show my ability to
analyze both photo and print for not only patterns that other miss but simultaneously
inconsistencies (such as in satellite photos). It's a Buddhist way of seeing things.
(I have been a Nyingma Tibetan Buddhist for 26 years.) It's a type of training in
which you learn to see what is there by learning how to avoid seeing that which you
want to see. Briefly we learn, often with a tv remote control, to only look at what we
want to see and to turn off (to) what we don't want to see or
that which is
unfamiliar. I learned to do the opposite. It is not hard it just takes a long time to
learn to do.
In this photograph
<http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/iraq/images/dg-
tharthar2.jpg> almost everyone sees the 'fun' amusement park rides (which is what they
want to see) where as I see the launchpads under the rides (which are not at all
'fun'
to see). By the way they are too far apart (at about 50 meters) for rides but
not for ballistic missiles. For them they are just about perfectly spaced.
Section 40
Flagstaff, Az. 86004
section 40
NO RESPONSE
TO THIS.
DUE NILE TO
on A manya?
MORNING
Section 40
5/3/07

===== PAGE 393 =====
{"alpha_words": 679, "chars": 3833, "method": "ocr", "page": 393, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shakespeare's Sonnets. Plain text 1-154.
Page 1 of 15
Wh wrote the Sonnets attributed to Shakespeare?
Researchers often try to determine the personality of the Bard by the most personal writings
attributed to Shakespeare. It never leads anywhere unless you consider confusion as a valid
destination.
The reason is simple. There was more than one writer involved. Just take a look at the number of
uses of the word 'time'. The word time is used 86 times in the first 128 sonnets and not once in the 26
remaining sonnets (of 154 total).
FROM fairest
creatures we
desire increase,
That thereby
beauty's rose
might never
die,
But as the riper
should by
time
decease,
His tender heir
might bear his
memory:
But thou,
contracted to
thine own
bright eyes,
Feed'st thy
light'st flame
with self-
substantial
fuel,
Making a
famine where
abundance lies,
Thyself thy
toe, to thy
sweet self too
cruel.
Thou that art
now the
world's fresh
ornament
And only
herald to the
gaudy spring,
Within thine
own bud
buriest thy
content
And, tender
churl, makest
waste in
niggarding.
Pity the world,
or else this
glutton be,
To eat the
world's due, by
XVI.
But wherefore
do not you a
mightier way
Make war upon
this bloody
tyrant,
time?
And fortify
yourself in your
decay
times
pencil, or my
pupil pen,
Neither in
inward worth
nor outward
XXXI.
Thy bosom is
endeared with
all hearts,
Which I by
lacking have
supposed dead,
And there
reigns love and
all love's loving
parts,
And all those
friends which I
thought buried.
How many a
holy and
obsequious tear
Hath dear
religious love
stol'n from
mine eye
As interest of
the dead, which
now appear
But things
removed that
hidden in thee
lie!
Thou art the
grave where
buried love
doth live,
Hung with the
trophies of my
lovers gone,
Who all their
parts of me to
thee did give;
That due of
many now is
thine alone:
Their images I
LXI.
XLVI.
LXXVI.
Why is my
verse so
barren of new
pride,
So far from
variation or
quick change?
Why with the
time do I
not glance
aside
To new-found
methods and
to compounds
strange?
Why write I
still all one,
ever the same,
And keep
invention in a
noted weed,
That every
word doth
almost tell my
name,
Showing their
birth and
where they
did proceed?
O, know,
sweet love, 1
always write
of you,
And you and
love are still
my argument;
So all my best
is dressing old
words new,
Spending
again what is
already spent:
For as the sun
is daily new
and old,
So is my love
still telling
what is told.
LXXVII.
XCI
Some glory in
their birth,
some in their
CVI.
Mine eye and
heart are at a
mortal war
How to divide
the conquest of
thy sight;
Mine eye my
neart thy
picture's sight
would bar,
My heart mine
eye the freedom
of that right.
My heart doth
plead that thou
in him dost lie-
A closet never
pierced with
crystal eyes--
But the
defendant doth
that plea deny
And says in him
thy fair
appearance lies.
Is it thy will thy
image should
keep open
My heavy
eyelids to the
weary night?
Dost thou
desire my
slumbers
should be
broken,
While shadows
like to thee do
mock my sight?
Thy glass will
Is it thy spirit
show thee
that thou send'st
how thy
from thee
beauties wear,
So far from
Thy dial how
home into my
thy precious
deeds to pry,
minutes
To find out
waste;
shames and idle
The vacant
hours in me,
leaves thy
The scope and
mind's
tenor of thy
imprint will
jealousy?
bear,
O, no! thy love,
And of this
though much, is book this
When in the
chronicle of
wasted
time
I see
descriptions of
the fairest
wights,
And beauty
making
beautiful old
rhyme
In praise of
ladies dead and
lovely knights,
Then, in the
blazon of sweet
beauty's best,
Of hand, of
foot, of lip, of
eye, of brow,
I see their
antique pen
would have
express'd
Even such a
beauty as you
master now.
So all their
praises are but
prophecies
file://C: Documents%20and%20Settings
ection
40Local/ 20Settings Temporary%2... 05/03/2007

===== PAGE 394 =====
{"alpha_words": 1463, "chars": 8194, "method": "ocr", "page": 394, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Shakespeare's Sonnets.

the grave and fair,
thee. Can make you
live yourself in
Il. eyes of men.
To give away
When forty yourself keeps
winters shall yourself still,
beseige thy And you must
brow, live, drawn by
And dig deep jf your own sweet
trenches in thy |} skill.
beauty's field,
Thy youth's XVII.
proud livery, so
gazed on now, |] Who will
Will be a believe my
tatter'd weed, verse in
of small worth ‘
held: TIME to
Then being come,
ask'd where all || If it were fill'd
thy beauty lies, || with your most
Where all the || high deserts?
treasure of thy || Though yet,
lusty days, heaven knows,
To say, within [lit is but asa
thine own tomb
deep-sunken Which hides
eyes, your life and
Were an all- shows not half
jeating shame your parts.
and thriftless If E could write:
praise. the beauty of
How much your eyes
more praise And in fresh
deserved thy numbers
beauty’s use, number all your
If thou couldst |] graces,
answer ‘This The age to
fair child of come would
mine say 'This poet
Shall sum my jf lies:
count and Such heavenly
make my old touches ne'er
excuse,’ touch'd earthly
Proving his faces."
beauty by So should my
succession papers yellow'd
thine! with their age
This were to be {]Be scorn'd like
new made old men of less
when thou art jjtruth than
old, tongue,
And see thy And your true |
blood warm rights be term'd
when thou a poet's rage
feel'st it cold. 4 And stretched
metre of an
OI. antique song:
But were some
Look in thy child of yours
glass, and tell || alive that
the face thou * am
viewest c) 1ite
Now is the You should live
ti — twice; in it and
LOM that [lin my rhyme.
face should
form another; [| XVIII.
Whose fresh .
repair if now Shall I compare
thou not thee to a
renewest, summer's day?
Thou dost Thou art more
beguile the lovely and
world, unbless [| more
some mother. || temperate:
For where is Rough winds
she so fair do shake the
whose unear'd |] darling buds of
womb May,
Disdains the And summer's
tillage of thy lease hath all
husbandry? too short a date:
Or who is he so ® as
fond will be the Somet LMe

Plain text 1-154.

loved I view in
thee,

And thou, all
they, hast all
the all of me.

XXXII.

If thou survive
my well-
contented day,
When that
churl Death my
bones with dust
shall cover,
And shalt by
fortune once
more re-survey
These poor
rude lines of
thy deceased
lover,

Compare them
with the
bettering of the

And though
they be
outstripp'd by
every pen,
Reserve them .
for my love,
not for their
rhyme,
Exceeded by
the height of
happier men.
O, then
vouchsafe me
but this loving
thought:

"Had my
friend's Muse
grown with this
growing age,
A dearer birth
than this his
love had
brought,

To march in
ranks of better
equipage:

But since he
died and poets
better prove,
Theirs for their
style I'll read,
his for his
love.’

XXXIUTL

Full many a
glorious
morning have I
seen

Flatter the
mountain-tops
with sovereign
eye,

Kissing with
golden face the
meadows
green,

Gilding pale
streams with
heavenly
alchemy;
Anon permit
the basest
clouds to ride
With ugly rack
on his celestial
face,

And from the

To 'cide this
title is
impanneled

A quest of
thoughts, all
tenants to the
heart,

And by their
verdict is
determined

The clear eye's
moiety and the
dear heart's part:
As thus; mine
eye's due is thy
outward part,
And my heart's
right thy inward
love of heart.

XLVII.

Betwixt mine
eye and heart a
league is took,
And each doth
good turns now
unto the other:
When that mine
eye is famish'd
for a look,

Or heart in love
with sighs
himself doth
smother,

With my love's
picture then my
eye doth feast
And to the
painted banquet
bids my heart;
Another

eye is my
heart's guest
And in his
thoughts of love
doth share a
part:

So, either by thy
picture or my
love, |

Thyself away
art resent still
with me;

For thou not
farther than my
thoughts canst
move,

And I am still
with them and
they with thee;
Or, if they
sleep, thy
picture in my
sight

‘| Awakes my .

heart to heart's
and eye's

delight.

XLVI,

How careful
was I, when I
took my way,
Each trifie
under truest
bars to thrust,
That to my use
it might unused
stay

From hands of
falsehood, in
sure wards of

not so great:

It is my love
that keeps mine
eye awake;
Mine own true
love that doth
my rest defeat,
To play the
watchman ever
for thy sake:
For thee watch
I whilst thou
dost wake
elsewhere,
From me far
off, with others
all too near.

LXIi.

Sin of self-love
possesseth all
mine eye

And all my soul
and all my
every part;

And for this sin
there is no
remedy,

It is so
grounded
inward in my
heart.

Methinks no
face so gracious
is aS mine,

No shape so
true, no truth of
such account;
And for myself
mine own
worth do
define,

As I all other in
all worths
surmount.

But when my
glass shows me
myself indeed,
Beated and
chopp'd with
tann'd antiquity,
Mine own self-
love quite
contrary I read;
Self so self-
loving were
iniquity.

"Tis thee,
myself, that for
myself I praise,
Painting my
age with beauty
of thy days.

LXIIL.

Against my
love shall be, as
[am now,

With

injurious hand
crush'd and
o'er-worn;
When hours
have drain'd his
blood and fill'd
his brow

With lines and
wrinkles; when
his youthful
mom

Hath travell'd
on to age's

learning
mayst thou
taste.

The wrinkles
which thy
glass will
truly show
Of mouthed
graves will
give thee
memory;
Thou by thy
dial's shady
stealth mayst
know

thievish
progress to
eternity.
Look, what
thy memory
can not
contain
Commit to
these waste
blanks, and
thou shalt find
Those
children
nursed,
deliver'd from
To take a new
acquaintance
of thy mind.
These offices,
so oft as thou
wilt look,
Shall profit
thee and
much enrich
thy book.

|PLXXVIT.

So oft have I
invoked thee
for my Muse
And found
such fair
assistance in
my verse

AS every alien
pen hath got
my use

And under
thee their
poesy
disperse.
Thine eyes
that taught the
dumb on high
to sing

And heavy
ignorance
aloft to fly
Have added
feathers to the
learned's wing
And given
grace a
double
majesty.

Yet be most
proud of that
which I
compile,
Whose
influence is
thine and born
of thee:

in others'
works thou
dost but mend
the style,

Page 2 of 15

Of more delight}] Of this our

than hawks or
horses be;

And having
thee, of all
men's pride I
boast:
Wretched in
this alone, that
thou mayst take
All this away
and me most
wretched make.

XCIL.

But do thy
worst to steal
thyself away,
For term of life
thou art assured
mine,

And life no
longer than thy
love will stay,
For it depends
upon that love
of thine.

Then need I not
to fear the
worst of
wrongs,

When in the
least of them
my life hath
end.

I see a better
state to me
belongs

Than that
which on thy
humour doth
depend;

Thou canst not
vex me with
inconstant
mind,

Since that my
life on thy
revolt doth lie.
O, what a
happy title do I
find,

Happy to have
thy love, happy
to die!

But what's so
blessed-fair
that fears no
blot?

Thou mayst be
false, and yet I
know it not.

XCIHiI.

So shall I live,
supposing thou
art true,

Like a deceived
husband; so
love's face
May still seem
love to me,
though alter'd
new;

Thy looks with
me, thy heart in
other place:
For there can
live no hatred
in thine eye,
Therefore in
that I cannot
know thy
change.

you
prefiguring;
And, for they
look'd but with
divining eyes,
They had not
skill enough
your worth to
sing:

For we, which

©

vv, all

iinow behold

these present
days,

Had eyes to
wonder, but
lack tongues to
praise.

CVI.

Not mine own
fears, nor the
prophetic soul
Of the wide
world dreaming
on things to
come,

Can yet the
lease of my
true love
control,
Supposed as
forfeit to a
confined doom.
The mortal
moon hath her
eclipse endured
And the sad
augurs mock
their own
presage;
Incertainties
now crown
themselves
assured

And peace
prociaims
olives of
endless age.
Now with the
drops of this
most balmy

My love looks
fresh, and death
to me
subscribes,
Since, spite of
him, I'll live in
this poor
rhyme,

While he
insults o'er dull
and speechless
tribes:

And thou in
this shalt find
thy monument,
When tyrants'
crests and
tombs of brass
are spent.

(>

CVI.

What's in the
brain that ink
may character
Which hath not
figured to thee
my true spirit?
What's new to

file://C:\Documents%20and%20Settings IEEE -ocal%20Settings\Temporary%2... 05/03/2007

===== PAGE 395 =====
{"alpha_words": 1527, "chars": 8663, "method": "ocr", "page": 395, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Shakespeare's Sonnets. Plain text 1-154.

tomb

Of his self-
love, to stop
posterity?
Thou art thy
mother's glass,
and she in thee
Calls back the
lovely April of
her prime:

So thou
through
windows of
thine age shall
see

Despite of
wrinkles this
thy golden

time.

But if thou
live,
remember'd not
to be,

Die single, and
thine image
dies with thee.

IV,

Unthrifty
loveliness, why
dost thou spend
Upon thyself
thy beauty's
legacy?
Nature's
bequest gives
nothing but
doth lend,
And being
frank she lends
to those are
free.

Then,
beauteous
niggard, why
dost thou abuse
The. bounteous
largess given
thee to give?
Profitless
usurer, why
dost thou use
So great a sum
of sums, yet
canst not live?
For having
traffic with
thyself alone,
Thou of thyself
thy sweet self
dost deceive.
Then how,
when nature _
calls thee to be
gone,

What
acceptable
audit canst
thou leave?
Thy unused
beauty must be
tomb'd with
thee, -

Which, used,
lives th'
executor to be.

V.

Those hours,
that with gentle
work did frame
The lovely
gaze where

too hot the eye
of heaven
shines,

And often is his

gold

complexion
dimm'd; _
And every fair

from fair

*
somel 11
declines,

By chance or
nature's
changing
course
untrimm'd;
But thy eternal
summer shall
not fade

Nor lose
possession of
that fair thou
owest;

Nor shall Death

brag thou

wander'st in his

shade,

When in eternal

lines to

1 © thou
growest:

So long as men

can breathe or
eyes can see,
So long lives
this and this
gives life to
thee.

XIX,

Devouring

thou the lion's

paws,

And make the
earth devour
her own sweet
brood;

Pluck the keen
teeth from the
fierce tiger's

jaws,

And burn the
long-lived
phoenix in her
blood;

Make glad and
SOITY Seasons as

thou fleets,
And do
whate'er thou
wilt, swift-
footed

To the wide -
world and all
her fading
sweets;

But I forbid
thee one most
heinous crime:
O, carve not

with thy hours

my love's fair

brow,
Nor draw no
lines there with

thine antique

pen;

Him in thy
course

forlorn world
his visage hide,

Stealing unseen

to west with
this disgrace:
Even so my
sun one early
morn did shine
With all
triumphant

splendor on my

brow;

But out, alack!
he was but one
hour mine;
The region
cloud hath
mask'd him
from me now.
Yet him for
this my love no
whit
disdaineth;
Suns of the
world may
stain when
heaven's sun
staineth.

XXXIV.

Why didst thou
promise such a
beauteous day,
And make me
travel forth
without my
cloak,

To let base
clouds o'ertake
me in my way,
Hiding thy

bravery in their

rotten smoke?

"Tis not enough
that through the

cloud thou
break,

To dry the rain
on my storm-
beaten face,
For no man
well of such a

salve can speak

That heals the
wound and
cures not the
disgrace:

Nor can thy
shame give
physic to my
grief;
Though thou
repent, yet I
have still the
loss:

The offender's
sorrow lends
but weak relief
To him that

bears the strong

offence's cross.
Ah! but those
tears are pearl
which thy love
sheds,

And they are
rich and
ransom all ill
deeds.

XXKV.

No more be
grieved at that

trust!

But thou, to
whom my
jewels trifles
are,

Most worthy of
comfort, now
my greatest
grief,

Thou, best of
dearest and
mine only care,
Art left the prey
of every vulgar
thief.

Thee have I not
lock'd up in any
chest,

Save where
thou art not,
though I feel
thou art,

Within the
gentle closure
of my breast,
From whence at
pleasure thou
mayst come and
part,

And even
thence thou wilt
be stol'n, I fear,
For truth proves
thievish for a
prize so dear.

XLIX,

Against that

ever that

a] 771 come,
When I shail
see thee frown
on my defects,
When as thy
love hath cast
his utmost sum,
Call'd to that
audit by advised
respects;
Against that

vume when
thou shalt
Strangely pass
And scarcely
greet me with
that sun thine
eye,

When love,
converted from
the thing it was,
Shall reasons
find of settled
gr avity,--
Against that
time aot
ensconce me
here

Within the
knowledge of
mine own
desert,

And this my
hand against
myself uprear,
To guard the
lawful reasons
on thy part:

To leave poor
me thou hast the

which thou hast] strength of

steepy night,
And all those
beauties
whereof now
he's king

Are vanishing
or vanish'd out
of sight,
Stealing away
the treasure of
his spring;

For such a

confounding
age's cruel
knife,

That he shall
never cut from

memory
My sweet love's
beauty, though
my lover's life:
His beauty shall
in these black
lines be seen,
And they shall
live, and he in
them still

green.

LXIV.

When I have
seen by

hand defaced
The rich proud
cost of outworn
buried age;
When

some ENE
lofty towers I
see down-razed
And brass
eternal slave to
mortal rage;
When I have
seen the hungry
ocean gain
Advantage on
the kingdom of
the shore,

And the firm
soil win of the
watery main,
Increasing store
with loss and
loss with store;
When I have
seen such
interchange of
state,

Or state itself
confounded to
decay;

Ruin hath
taught me thus
to ruminate,

will come and
take my love
away.

This thought is
as a death,
which cannot
choose

But weep to
have that which
it fears to lose.

And arts with
thy sweet
graces graced
be;

But thou art
all my art and
dost advance
As high as

learning my

rude
ignorance,

LXXIX,

Whilst I alone
did call upon
thy aid,

My verse
alone had all
thy gentle
grace,

But now my
gracious
numbers are
decay'd

And my sick
Muse doth
give another
place.

I grant, sweet
love, thy
lovely
argument
Deserves the
travail of a
worthier pen,
Yet what of
thee thy poet
doth invent
He robs thee
of and pays it
thee again.
He lends thee
virtue and he
stole that
word

From thy
behavior;
beauty doth
he give

And found it
in thy cheek;
he can afford
No praise to
thee but what
in thee doth
live.

Then thank
him not for
that which he
doth say,
Since what he
owes thee
thou thyself
dost pay.

EXXX.

O, how I faint
when I of you
do write,
Knowing a
better spirit
doth use your
name,

And in the
praise thereof
spends all his
might,

To make me
tongue-tied,
speaking of
your fame!
But since

| your worth,

wide as the

in many's looks
the false heart's
history

Is writ in
moods and
frowns and
wrinkles
strange,

But heaven in
thy creation did
decree

That in thy face
sweet love
should ever
dwell;
Whate'er thy
thoughts or thy
heart's
workings be,
Thy looks
should nothing
thence but
sweetness tell.
How hke Eve's
apple doth thy
beauty grow,

if thy sweet
virtue answer
not thy show!

XCIV.

They that have
power to hurt
and will do
none,

That do not do
the thing they
most do show,
Who, moving
others, are
themselves as
stone,
Unmoved,
cold, and to
temptation
slow,

They rightly do
inherit heaven's
graces

And husband
nature's riches
from expense;
They are the
lords and
owners of their
faces,
Others but
stewards of
their
excellence.

The summer's
flower is to the
summer sweet,
Though to itself
it only live and
die,

But if that
flower with
base infection
meet,

The basest
weed outbraves
his dignity:
For sweetest
things turn
sourest by their
deeds;

Lilies that
fester smell far
worse than
weeds. -

XCV.

How sweet and

Page 3 of 15

speak, what
new to register,
That may
express my
love or thy dear
merit?
Nothing, sweet
boy; but yet,
like prayers
divine,

I must, each
day say o'er the
very same,
Counting no
old thing old,
thou mine, I
thine,

Even as when
first I hallow'd
thy fair name.
So that eternal
love in love's
fresh case
Weighs not the
dust and injury
of age,

Nor gives to
necessary
wrinkles place,
But makes
antiquity for
aye his page,
Finding the
first conceit of
love there bred
Where

TUME and
outward form

would show it
dead.

CIX.

O, never say
that I was false
of heart,
Though
absence seem'd
my flame to
qualify.

As easy might I
from myself
depart

As from my
soul, which in
thy breast doth
lie: —

That is my
home of love:
if I have
ranged,

Like him that
travels I] return
again,

Just to the

ti ¥€, not

with the

time

exchanged,

So that myself
bring water for
my stain.
Never believe,
though in my
nature reign'd
AHl frailties that
besiege all
kinds of blood,
That it could so
preposterously
be stain'd,

To leave for
nothing all thy

CXXI.

"Tis better to
be vile than
vile esteem'd,
When not to
be receives

reproach of

being,

And the just
pleasure lost
which is so
deem'd

Not by our
feeling but by
others' seeing:
For why
should others
false
adulterate
eyes

Give
salutation to
my sportive
blood?

Or on my
frailties why
are frailer
spies,

Which in
their wills
count bad
what I think
good?

No, I am that
I am, and they
that level

At my abuses
reckon up
their own:

I may be
straight,
though they
themselves be
bevel;

By their rank
thoughts my
deeds must
not be shown;
Unless this

| file://C:\Documents%20and%20Settings Halal ocal%20Settings\Temporary%2... 05/03/2007

===== PAGE 396 =====
{"alpha_words": 829, "chars": 4689, "method": "ocr", "page": 396, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shakespeare's Sonnets. Plain text 1-154.
every eye doth
dwell,
Will play the
tyrants to the
very same
And that unfair
which fairly
doth excel:
For never-
resting
time leads
summer on
To hideous
winter and
confounds him
there;
Sap check'd
with frost and
lusty leaves
quite gone,
Beauty
o'ersnow'd and
bareness every
intainted do
allow
For beauty's
pattern to
succeeding
men.
Yet, do thy
worst, old
time:
despite thy
wrong,
My love shall
in my verse
ever live
young.
XX.
done:
Roses have
thorns, and
silver fountains
mud;
Clouds and
eclipses stain
laws,
Since why to
love I can allege
no cause.
L.
sometimes
anger thrusts
into his hide;
Which heavily
he answers with
a groan,
More sharp to
me than
spurring to his
side;
For that same
groan doth put
this in my mind;
My grief lies
onward and my
joy behind.
LI.
speed:
need
distill'd:
Make sweet
some vial;
treasure thou
some place
With beauty's
treasure, ere it
be self-kill'd.
That use is not
forbidden
usury,
Which happies
those that pay
the willing
loan;
That's for
thyself to breed
another thee,
Or ten
times
happier, be it
ten for one;
Ten times
thyself were
happier than
thou art,
If ten of thine
ten times
refigured thee:
XXI.
So is it not with
me as with that
Muse
Stirr'd by a
painted beauty
to his verse,
Who heaven
itself for
ornament doth
use
And every fair
love's delight.
I may not
evermore
acknowledge
thee,
Lest my
bewailed guilt
should do thee
shame,
Nor thou with
public kindness
honour me,
Unless thou
wind;
file://C: \Documents%20and%20Settings
LXV.
Since brass, nor
stone, nor earth,
mortality o'er-
How with this
beauty hold a
than a flower?^
O, how shall
ocean is,
The humble
as the
proudest sail
doth bear,
My saucy
bark inferior
far to his
On your
broad main
doth wilfully
appear.
Y our
shallowest
help will hold
me up afloat,
Whilst he
upon your
soundiess
deep doth
ride;
hold out
Against the
wreckful siege
of battering
wreck'd, I am
a worthless
building and
not so stout
ot goodly
Then if he
but time
thrive and I
be cast away,
decays?
O fearful
meditation!
where, alack
Shall
time's best
was this; my
love was my
decay.
LXXXI.
Or I shall live
your epitapł
to make
Or you
survive when
I in earth am
back?
take
created
I shall
o'er-read,
And tongues
to be your
being shall
rehearse
When all the
breathers of
this world are
dead;
Page 4 of 15
lovely dost
thou make the
shame
Which, like a
canker in the
fragrant rose,
Doth spot the
beauty of thy
budding name!
O, in what
sweets dost
thou thy sins
enclose!
That tongue
that tells the
story of thy
days,
Making
lascivious
comments on
thy sport,
Cannot
dispraise but in
a kind of
praise;
Naming thy
name blesses
an ill report.
O, what a
mansion nave
those vices got
Which for thei
habitation
chose out thee
Where beauty's
veil doth cover
every blot,
And all things
turn to fair that
eyes can see
Take heed, dea
heart, of this
large privilege;
The hardest
knife ill-used
doth lose his
edge
XCVI.
sum of good;
For nothing this
wide universe 1
call,
Save thou, my
rose; in it thou
art my all.
general evil
they maintain,
All men are
bad, and in
their badness
reign.
CXXI.
Some say thy
fault is youth,
some
wantonness;
Some say thy
grace is youth
and gentle
sport;
Both grace and
faults are loved
of more and
less;
Thou makest
faults graces
that to thee
resort.
As on the
finger of a
throned queen
The basest
jewel will be
well esteem'd;
So are those
errors that in
thee are seen
To truths
translated and
for true things
deem'd.
How many
lambs might
the stern wolf
betray,
If like a lamb
he could his
looks translate!
essays proved
thee my best of
love.
Now all is
done, have
what shall have
no end:
Mine appetite I
never more will
grind
On newer
proof, to try an
older friend,
A god in love,
to whom I am
confined
Then give me
welcome, next
my heaven the
best
Even to thy
pure and most
most loving
oreast.
Of thee, thy
record never
can be miss'd
That poor
retention
could not so
much hold,
Nor need I
tallies thy
dear love to
score;
Therefore to
give them
from me was
I bold,
To trust those
tables that
receive thee
more
To keep an
adjunct to
remembe
thee
Were to
CXI.
import
forgetfulness
in me.
O, for my sake
do you with
CXXIII.
Fortune chide,
The guilty
goddess of my
harmful deeds,
That did not
better for my
life provide
Than public
means which
public manners
breeds.
Thence comes
it that my name
receives a
brand,
And almost
thence my
nature is
subdued
To what it
works in, like
the dyer's hand:
No, time
thou shalt not
boast that 1 do
change
Thy pyramids
built up with
newer might
To me are
nothing
novel,
nothing
strange;
They are but
dressings of a
tormer sight.
Our dates are
brief, and
therefore we
admire
What thou
dLocal%20Settings\Temporary%2... 05/03/2007

===== PAGE 397 =====
{"alpha_words": 658, "chars": 3811, "method": "ocr", "page": 397, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shakespeare's Sonnets. Plain text 1-154.
Then what
could death do,
if thou shouldst
depart,
Leaving thee
living in
posterity?
Be not self-
will'd, for thou
art much too
fair
To be death's
conquest and
make worms
thine heir.
VIL.
Lo! in the
orient when the
gracious light
Lifts up his
burning head,
each under eye
Doth homage
As any mother's | dearest spite,
take that
honour from
thy name:
But do not so; I
love thee in
desire keep
pace;
Therefore desire
of perfect'st
love being
disabled,
And art made
tongue-tied by
authority,
And folly
doctor-like
controlling
And simple
truth miscall'd
simplicity,
And captive
good attending
Tired with all
these would I
be gone,
Save that, to
die, I leave my
love alone.
LXVII.
Ah! wherefore
with infection
should he live,
And with his
will not every
hour survey,
For blunting the
fine point of
seldom
pleasure.
Therefore are
teasts so solemn
and so rare,
Since, seldom
coming, in the
long year set,
Like stones of
worth they
thinly placed
are,
Or captain
jewels in the
carcanet.
cheek
You still shall
live--such
virtue hath
my pen--
Where breath
most breathes
even in the
mouths of
men.
How many
gazers mightst
thou lead away,
If thou wouldst
use the strength
of all thy state!
But do not so; 1
love thee in
such sort
As, thou being
LXXXII.
mine, mine is
thy good
1 grant thou
report.
wert not
married to my
XCVIL.
Muse
And therefore
mayst without
attaint
o'erlook
The dedicated
words which
writers use
Of their fair
subject,
blessing every
book
Thou art as
fair in
knowledge as
in hue,
Finding thy
worth a limit
past my
praise,
And therefore
art enforced
to seek anew
Some fresher
stamp of the
time-
bettering days
And do so,
love; yet
when they
How like a
winter hath my
absence been
From thee, the
pleasure of the
fleeting year!
What freezings
have I felt,
what dark days
seen!
What old
December's
bareness every
where!
And yet this
time
removed was
summer's
time
The teeming
autumn, big
with rich
increase,
Bearing the
wanton burden
of the prime,
Like widow'd
wombs after
their lords'
lend.
Pity me then
and wish I were
renew'd;
Whilst, like a
willing patient,
I will drink
Potions of eisel
'gainst my
strong intection
No bitterness
that I will bitter
think,
Nor double
penance, to
correct
correction.
Pity me then,
dear friend, and
I assure ye
Even that your
pity is enough
to cure me.
CXII.
Page 5 of 15
dost foist
upon us that
is old,
And rather
make them
born to our
desire
Than think
that we before
have heard
them told
Thy registers
and thee I
both defy,
Not
wondering at
the present
nor the past,
For thy
records and
what we see
doth lie,
Made more or
less by thy
continual
Weeds among
hide,
diest, unless
thou get a son.
VIII.
Music to hear,
why hear'st
thou music
sadly?
Sweets with
sweets war not,
joy delights in
joy.
Why lovest
thou that which
thou receivest
not gladly,
Or else
receivest with
pleasure thine
annoy?
If the true
concord of
well-tuned
sounds,
By unions
that pour'st into
As tender nurse
sweet
her babe from
argument, too
faring ill.
excellent
Presume not on
For every
thy heart when
vulgar paper to
mine is siain;
rehearse?
Thou gavest me
O, give thyself
thine, not to
the thanks, if
give back
aught in me
again.
Worthy perusal
stand against
XXIII.
thy sight:;
For who's so
pride.
whose
LI.
What is your
substance,
whereof are you
made,
That millions of
strange shadows
on you tend?
Since every one
hath, every one,
one shade,
And you, but
one, can every
shadow lend.
file://C: \Documents%20and%20Settings
con
had
In days long
EXXXII.
It suffers not
in smiling
pomp, nor
Under the
blow of
thralled
discontent,
Whereto the
inviting
time our
fashion calls:
It fears not
policy, that
heretic,
Which works
on leases of
short-
number'd
hours,
But all alone
stands hugely
politic,
That it nor
grows with
Local%20Settings Temporary%2... 05/03/2007

===== PAGE 398 =====
{"alpha_words": 668, "chars": 3681, "method": "ocr", "page": 398, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shakespeare's Sonnets. Plain text 1-154.
married, do
offend thine
ear,
They do but
sweetly chide
thee, who
confounds
in singleness
the parts that
thou shouldst
pear.
Mark how one
string, sweet
husband to
another,
Strikes each in
each by mutual
ordering,
Resembling
sire and child
and happy
mother
Who all in one,
one pleasing
note do sing:
Whose
speechless
song, being
many, seeming
one,
Sings this to
thee: thou
single wilt
prove none.!'
IX.
Is it for fear to
wet a widow's
eye
That thou
consumest
thyself in
single life?
Ah! if thou
ssueless shalt
hap to die.
The world will
wail thee, like
a makeless
wife;
The world will
be thy widow
and still weep
That thou no
form of thee
When every
private widow
well may keep
By children's
husband's
shape in mind.
Look, what an
unthrift in the
spend
Shifts but his
place, for still
the world
enjoys it;
But beauty's
waste hath in
the world an
end,
And kept
unused, the
user so
destroys it.
No love toward
others in that
bosom sits
That on
himself such
Mine eye hath
play'd the
painter and hath
stell'd
Thy beauty's
form in table of
my heart;
My body is the
frame wherein
'tis held,
And
perspective it is
the painter's art.
For through the
painter must
you see his
skill,
To find where
your true image
pictured lies;
Which in my
bosom's shop is
hanging still,
That hath his
windows
glazed with
thine eyes.
Now see what
good turns eyes
for eyes have
done:
Mine eyes have
drawn thy
shape, and
thine for me
Even for this
let us divided
live,
dye
roses,
fade,
love,
Lulls an
thoughts so
sweetly doth
deceive,
And that thou
teachest how to
make one
twain,
file://C: Documents%20and%20Settings
yourself being
extant well
might show
How far a
modern quill
doth come too
of birds nor the
sweet smell
Of different
flowers in
odour and in
Could make me
any summer's
proud lap pluck
they grew;
Nor did I
wonder at the
deep vermilion
in the rose;
figures of
pattern of all
Yet seem'd it
winter still,
and, you away,
As with your
shadow I with
these did play:
XCIX.
The forward
violet thus did I
chide:
Sweet thief,
whence didst
thou steal thy
sweet that
smells,
If not from my
love's breath?
The purple
heart
catch:
gay:
And him as for
a map doth
Nature store,
To show false
Art what beauty
was of yore.
LXIX.
mend;
due,
CXIV.
Or whether
doth my mind
being crown'd
with you,
Drink up the
monarch's
plague, this
flattery?
Or whether
shall I say,
mine eye saith
true,
Page 6 of 15
heat nor
drowns with
showers.
To this I
witness call
the fools of
time.
Which die for
goodness
who have
lived for
crime.
CXXV.
Were 't aught
to me i bore
the canopy,
With my
outward
honouring,
Or laid great
bases for
eternity,
Which prove
than waste or
ruining?
seen dwellers
on form and
Lose all, and
more, by
paying too
compound
swee
forgoing
simple
savour,
Pitiful
thrivers, in
their gazing
spent?
No, let me be
obsequious in
thy heart
And take thou
dour matcheth
not thy show,
LXXXIV.
Who is it that
says most?
which can say
more
Than this rich
praise, that
you alone are
you?
In whose
confine
immured is
the store
Which should
example
where your
equal grew.
Lean penury
within that
pen doth
dwell
That to his
subject lends
not some
small glory;
But he that
writes of you,
if he can tell
That you are
you, so
dignifies his
you is writ,
Not making
nature made
And such a
shall fame his
every where.
You to your
blessings add
best,
up:
Mine eye well
knows what
with his gust is
'greeing,
And to his
palate doth
prepare the
cup:
If it be
poison'd, 'tis
the lesser sin
That mine eye
loves it and
CXXVI.
O thou, my
lovely boy,
who in thy
power
Dost hold
times
fickle glass,
his sickle,
hour;
Who hast by
waning
grown, and
therein
Local%20Settings\Temporary%2... 05/03/2007

===== PAGE 399 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2151, "method": "ocr", "page": 399, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shakespeare's Sonnets. Plain text 1-154.
Page 7 of 15
murderous
shame
commits.
X.
For shame!
deny that thou
pear'st love to
any,
Who for
thyself art so
unprovident.
Grant, if thou
wilt, thou art
peloved of
many,
But that thou
none lovest is
most evident;
For thou art so
possess'd with
murderous hate
That 'gainst
thyself thou
stick'st not to
conspire.
Seeking that
peauteous roof
to ruinate
Which to repair
should be thy
chief desire.
O, change thy
thought, that I
may change
my mind!
Shall hate be
fairer lodged
love?
Be, as thy
Are windows to
my breast,
where-through
the sun
Delights to
By praising
him here who
doth hence
remain!
LV.
Not marble, nor
the gilded
monuments
Of princes, shall
The solve is
this, that thou
dost common
grow.
LXX.
That thou art
Being fond on
praise, which
makes your
praises worse
LXXXV.
But sweet or
colour it had
stol'n from
doth first begin.
CXV.
show'st
Thy lovers
withering as
minds to the
course of
altering things;
Alas, why,
fearing of
times
tyranny,
Might I not
then say 'Now I
love you best,
When I was
certain o'er
uncertainty,
Crowning the
present,
doubting of the
rest?
Love is a babe;
then might I
not say so,
To give full
growth to that
which still doth
grow?
CXVI.
Let me not to
the marriage of
true minds
Admit
impediments.
Love is not
Which alters
when it
alteration finds,
Or bends with
the remover to
remove:
O no! it is an
ever-fixed
mark
That looks on
tempests and is
never shaken;
It is the star to
every
wandering
bark,
Whose worth's
unknown,
although his
though
delay'd,
answer'd must
be,
And her
quietus is to
render thee
CXXVIL.
In the old age
black was not
counted fair,
Or if it were,
it bore not
beauty's
name;
But now is
black beauty's
successive
heir,
And beauty
slander'd with
a bastard
shame:
For since
each hand
hath put on
nature's
power,
Fairing the
foul with art's
false borrow'd
face,
Sweet beauty
hath no name,
no holy
bower,
But is
profaned, if
not lives in
disgrace.
Therefore my
mistress'
brows are
raven black,
Her eyes so
suited, and
they
mourners
seem
At such who,
not born fair,
no beauty
file://C: \Documents%20and%20Settings
40Local%20Settings\Temporary%2... 05/03/2007

===== PAGE 400 =====
{"alpha_words": 143, "chars": 862, "method": "ocr", "page": 400, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shakespeare's Sonnets. Plain text 1-154.
Page 8 of 15
lack,
Slandering
creation with
a false
esteem:
Yet so they
mourn,
becoming of
their woe,
That every
tongue says
beauty should
When I do
count the clock
that tells the
time.
And see the
brave day sunk
in hideous
night;
When I behold
the violet past
prime,
And sable curls
all silver'd o'er
with white;
When lofty
trees I see
barren of
leaves
Which erst
from heat did
canopy the
herd,
And summer's
green all girded
up in sheaves
Borne on the
bier with white
and bristly
peard,
Then of thy
beauty do I
question make,
That thou
among the
wastes of
time must
go,
Since sweets
and beauties do
themselves
forsake
And die as fast
as they see
others grow;
And nothing
'gainst
ames
scythe can
make defence
Save breed, to
brave him
file://C: \Documents%20and%20Settings
ston
(Local 20Settings\Temporary%2... 05/03/2007

===== PAGE 401 =====
{"alpha_words": 476, "chars": 2737, "method": "ocr", "page": 401, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shakespeare's Sonnets. Plain text 1-154.
Page 9 of 15
when he takes
thee hence.
XIII.
O, that you
were yourself!
but, love, you
are
No longer
yours than you
yourself here
live:
Against this
coming end
you should
prepare,
And your
sweet
semblance to
some other
give.
So should that
beauty which
you hold in
lease
Find no
determination:
then you were
Yourself again
after yourself's
decease,
When your
sweet issue
your sweet
form should
bear.
Who lets so
fair a house fall
to decay,
Which
husbandry in
honour might
uphold
Against the
stormy gusts of
winter's day
And barren
night,
night,
even.
XXIX.
When, in
show
light,
me.
beck,
Bare ruin'd
choirs, where
late the sweet
birds sang.
in me thou
seest the
twilight of such
day
As after sunset
fadeth in the
west,
Which by and
by black night
doth take away,
Death's second
udgment
making.
Thus have I
had thee, as a
dream doth
flatter,
In sleep a
king, but
waking no
such matter.
unseen,
shun sickness
when we purge
ne er-cloying
did I frame my
LXXXVIII.
welfare, found
ch
fire
ith
by.
LIX.
When thou
shalt be
disposed to
set me light,
And place my
merit in the
eye of scom,
Upon thy side
against
myself I'll
fight,
And prove
thee virtuous,
though thou
art forsworn
With mine
own
weakness
being best
acquainted,
Upon thy part
I can sel
down a story
Of faults
conceal d
wherein I am
attainted.
That thou in
losing me
shalt win
much glory:
And I by this
will be a
gainer too;
For bending
To me, fair
ere that there
Thus policy in
And brought to
would by ill be
But thence I
learn, and find
the lesson true,
Drugs poison
him that so fell
sick of you.
Hath been
before, how are
our brains
beguiled,
Which,
labouring for
invention, bear
amiss
The second
burden of a
former child!
O, that record
could with a
backward look
Even of five
hundred course
of the sun
Show me your
image in some
antique book,
Since mind at
first in character
was done!
That I might see
what the old
world could say
To this
composed
wonder of your
frame;
Whether we are
mended, or
whether better
they,
Or whether
revolution be
the same.
O, sure I am,
the wits of
former days
To subjects
worse have
given admiring
praise.
well which thou
must leave ere
long.
LXXIV.
But be
contented:
when that fell
arrest
Without all bail
CXIX.
What potions
have 1 drunk of
Siren tears,
Distill'd from
limbecks foul
as hell within,
Applying tear
to hopes and
hopes to fears
Still losing
when I saw
myself to win!
What wretched
errors hath my
neart
committed
Whilst it hath
thought itself
How have mine
been fitted
this madding
That better is
by evil still
And ruin'd
love, when it is
than at first,
more strong,
rebuked to my
ILX.
And gain by ill
file://C: \Documents%20and%20Settings
section 4ULocal 20Settings\Temporary%2... 05/03/2007

===== PAGE 402 =====
{"alpha_words": 479, "chars": 2787, "method": "ocr", "page": 402, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shakespeare's Sonnets. Plain text 1-154.
Page 10 of 15
that I in heaven
From sullen
find:
earth, sings
But from thine
hymns at
eyes my
heaven's gate;
knowledge I
For thy sweet
derive,
love
And, constant
stars, in them I
read such art
brings
As truth and
beauty shall
together thrive,
If from thyself
kings.
to store thou
wouldst
XXX.
convert;
Or else of thee
this I
prognosticate:
Thy end is
truth's and
beauty's doom
and date.
XV.
When I
consider every
thing that
grows
Holds in
perfection but a
little moment,
That this huge
stage
presenteth
nought but
shows
Whereon the
stars in secret
influence
comment;
When i
perceive that
men as plants
increase
Cheered and
check'd even
by the self-
same sky,
Vaunt in their
youthful sap, at
height
decrease,
And wear their
brave state out
of memory;
Then the
conceit of this
inconstant stay
Sets you most
rich in youth
before my
sight,
Where wasteful
time
debateth with
Decay,
To change your
day of youth to
sullied night;
And all in war
with time
for love of you,
As he takes
from you, I
engraft you
new.
times
waste:
Then can I
drown an eye,
unused to flow,
For precious
friends hid in
But that so
much of earth
and water
wrought
I must attend
ames
leisure with my
moan,
Receiving
nought by
elements so
slow
But heavy
tears, badges of
either's woe.
XLV.
The other two,
slight air and
purging fire,
Are both with
desire,
slide.
quicker
elements are
gone
Like as the
waves make
towards the
pebbled shore,
So do our
minutes hasten
to their end;
Each changing
place with that
which goes
before,
In sequent toil
all forwards do
contend.
Nativity, once
in the main of
light,
Crawis to
maturity,
wherewith
being crown'd,
Crooked elipses
gainst his glory
fight,
And time
that gave doth
now his gift
contound.
time doth
transfix the
flourish set on
youth
And delves the
parallels in
beauty's brow,
Feeds on the
rarities of
nature's truth,
And nothing
stands but for
his scythe to
mow:
And yet to
times in
hope my verse
shall stand,
Praising thy
worth, despite
his cruel hand.
thrice more
than i have
spent.
CXX.
That you were
once unkind
befriends me
now,
bow,
And I, a tyrant,
have no leisure
taken
To weigh how
once I suffered
in your crime.
O, that our
night of woe
might have
remember'd
My deepest
sense, how
hard true
sorrow hits,
And soon to
you, as you to
me, then
tender'd
The humble
salve which
wounded
bosoms fits!
But that your
trespass now
becomes a fee;
Mine ransoms
yours, and
yours must
ransom me.
windy night a
rainy morrow,
To linger out
a purposed
overthrow.
If thou wilt
leave me, do
not leave me
last,
When other
petty griefs
have done
their spite
But in the
onset come;
so shall 1 taste
At first the
very worst of
fortune's
might,
And other
file://C: \Documents%20and%20Settings
Section 40Local%20Settings\Temporary%2... 05/03/2007

===== PAGE 403 =====
{"alpha_words": 1059, "chars": 5775, "method": "ocr", "page": 403, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shakespeare's Sonnets. Plain text 1-154.
Page 11 of 15
strains of
woe, which
now seem
woe,
Compared
with loss of
thee will not
seem so.
CXXIX.
The expense of spirit in a waste of
shame
is lust in action; and till action, lust
Is perjured, murderous, bloody, full
of blame,
Savage, extreme, rude, cruel, not to
trust,
Enjoy'd no sooner but despised
straight,
Past reason hunted, and no sooner
had
Past reason hated, as a swallow'd
bait
On purpose laid to make the taker
mad;
Mad in pursuit and in possession so;
Had, having, and in quest to have,
extreme;
A bliss in proof, and proved, a very
woe;
Before, a joy proposed; behind, a
dream.
All this the world well knows; yet
none knows well
To shun the heaven that leads men
to this hell.
cxxx.
My mistress' eyes are nothing like
the sun;
Coral is far more red than her lips'
red;
If snow be white, why then her
breasts are dun;
If hairs be wires, black wires grow
on her head.
I have seen roses damask'd, red and
white,
But no such roses see I in her
cheeks;
And in some perfumes is there more
delight
Than in the breath that from my
mistress reeks.
I love to hear her speak, yet well I
know
That music hath a far more pleasing
sound;
I grant I never saw a goddess go;
My mistress, when she walks, treads
on the ground:
And yet, by heaven, I think my love
as rare
As any she belied with false
compare:
CXXXI.
Thou art as tyrannous, so as thou
art,
As those whose beauties proudly
make them cruel;
For well thou know'st to my dear
doting heart
Thou art the fairest and most
precious jewel.
Yet, in good faith, some say that
thee behold
Thy face hath not the power to
make love groan:
To say they err I dare not be so
bold,
Although I swear it to myself alone.
CXXXVI.
If thy soul check thee that I come so
near,
Swear to thy blind soul that I was thy
WilL,
And will, thy soul knows, is admitted
there;
Thus far for love my love-suit, sweet,
fulfil.
'Will' will fulfil the treasure of thy love,
Ay, fill it full with wills, and my will
one.
In things of great receipt with ease we
prove
Among a number one is reckon'd none:
Then in the number let me pass untold,
Though in thy stores' account I one
must be;
For nothing hold me, so it please thee
hold
That nothing me, a something sweet to
thee:
Make but my name thy love, and love
that still,
And then thou lovest me, for my name
is 'Will.'
CXXXVII.
Thou blind fool, Love, what dost thou
to mine eyes.
That they behold, and see not what they
see?
They know what beauty is, see where it
lies,
Yet what the best is take the worst to
If eyes corrupt by over-partial looks
Be anchor'd in the bay where all men
ride,
Why of eyes' falsehood hast thou
forged hooks,
Whereto the judgment of my heart is
tied?
Why should my heart think that a
several plot
Which my heart knows the wide
world's common place?
Or mine eyes seeing this, say this is
not,
To put fair truth upon so foul a face?
In things right true my heart and eyes
have erred,
And to this false plague are they now
transterr'd.
CXXXVIII.
When my love swears that she is made
of truth
I do believe her, though I know she
lies,
That she might think me some untutor'd
youth,
Unlearned in the world's false
subtleties.
Thus vainly thinking that she thinks me
young,
Although she knows my days are past
CXLIII.
Lo! as a careful housewife runs to
catch
One of her feather'd creatures broke
away,
Sets down her babe and makes an
swift dispatch
In pursuit of the thing she would
have stay,
Whilst her neglected child holds her
in chase,
Cries to catch her whose busy care is
bent
To follow that which flies before her
face,
Not prizing her poor infant's
discontent;
So runn'st thou after that which flies
from thee,
Whilst I thy babe chase thee afar
behind;
But if thou catch thy hope, turn back
to me,
And play the mother's part, kiss me,
be kind:
So will I pray that thou mayst have
thy 'Will,'
If thou turn back, and my loud
crying still.
CXLIV.
Two loves I have of comfort and
despair,
Which like two spirits do suggest me
still:
The better angel is a man right fair,
The worser spirit a woman colour'd
ill.
To win me soon to hell, my female
evil
Tempteth my better angel from my
sAnd would corrupt my saint to be a
devil,
Wooing his purity with her foul
pride.
And whether that my angel be turn'd
fiend
Suspect I may, but not directly tell;
But being both from me, both to
each friend,
I guess one angel in another's hell:
Yet this shall I ne'er know, but live
in doubt,
Till my bad angel fire my good one
out.
CXLV.
Those lips that Love's own hand did
make
Breathed forth the sound that said 'I
hate'
To me that languish'd for her sake;
But when she saw my woeful state,
Straight in her heart did mercy come,
Chiding that tongue that ever sweet
Was used in giving gentle doom,
CL
O, from what power hast thou this
powerful might
With insufficiency my heart to
sway?
To make me give the lie to my true
sight,
And swear that brightness doth not
grace the day?
Whence hast thou this becoming of
things ill,
That in the very refuse of thy deeds
There is such strength and
warrantize of skill
That, in my mind, thy worst all best
exceeds?
Who taught thee how to make me
love thee more
The more I hear and see just cause
of hate?
O, though I love what others do
abhor,
With others thou shouldst not abhor
my state:
If thy unworthiness raised love in
me,
More worthy I to be beloved of thee.
CLI.
Love is too young to know what
conscience is;
Yet who knows not conscience is
born of love?
Then, gentle cheater, urge not my
amiss,
Lest guilty of my faults thy sweet
self prove:
For, thou betraying me, I do betray
My nobler part to my gross body's
treason;
My soul doth tell my body that he
may
Triumph in love; flesh stays no
father reason;
file://C: Documents%20and%20Settings
Section 40Local%20Settings\Temporary%2... 05/03/2007

===== PAGE 404 =====
{"alpha_words": 1351, "chars": 7441, "method": "ocr", "page": 404, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shakespeare's Sonnets. Plain text 1-154.
Page 12 of 15
And, to be sure that is not false I
swear,
A thousand groans, but thinking on
thy face,
One on another's neck, do witness
bear
Thy black is fairest in my
judgment's place.
In nothing art thou black save in thy
deeds,
And thence this slander, as I think,
proceeds.
the best,
Simply I credit her false speaking
tongue:
On both sides thus is simple truth
suppress'd.
But wherefore says she not she is
unjust?
And wherefore say not I that I am old?
O, love's best habit is in seeming trust,
And age in love loves not to have years
told:
Therefore I lie with her and she with
me,
CXXXII.
And in our faults by lies we flatter'd be.
Thine eyes I love, and they, as
pitying me,
Knowing thy heart torments me
with disdain,
Have put on black and loving
mourners be,
Looking with pretty ruth upon my
pain.
And truly not the morning sun of
heaven
Better becomes the grey cheeks of
the east,
Nor that full star that ushers in the
even
Doth half that glory to the sober
west,
As those two mourning eyes
become thy face:
O, let it then as well beseem thy
heart
To mourn for me, since mourning
doth thee grace,
And suit thy pity like in every part.
Then will I swear beauty herself is
black
And all they foul that thy
complexion lack.
CXXXIX.
CXXXIII.
O, call not me to justify the wrong
That thy unkindness lays upon my
heart;
Wound me not with thine eye but with
thy tongue;
Use power with power and slay me not
by art.
Tell me thou lovest elsewhere, but in
my sight,
Dear heart, forbear to glance thine eye
aside:
What need'st thou wound with cunning
when thy might
Is more than my o'er-press'd defense
can bide?
Let me excuse thee: ah! my love well
knows
Her pretty looks have been mine
enemies,
And therefore from my face she turns
my foes,
That they elsewhere might dart their
injuries:
Yet do not so; but since I am near slain,
Kill me outright with looks and rid my
pain.
CXL.
Beshrew that heart that makes my
heart to groan
Be wise as thou art cruel; do not press
For that deep wound it gives my
My tongue-tied patience with too much
friend and me!
disdain;
Is't not enough to torture me alone,
Lest sorrow lend me words and words
But slave to slavery my sweet'st
express
friend must be?
The manner of my pity-wanting pain.
Me from myself thy cruel eye hath
If I might teach thee wit, better it were
taken,
Though not to love, yet, love, to tell me
And my next self thou harder hast
so;
engross'd:
As testy sick men, when their deaths be
Of him, myself, and thee, I am
near,
forsaken;
No news but health from their
A torment thrice threefold thus to bel
physicians know;
cross'd.
For if I should despair, I should grow
Prison my heart in thy steel bosom's
mad,
ward,
And in my madness might speak ill of
But then my friend's heart let my
thee:
poor heart bail;
Now this ill-wresting world is grown so
Whoe'er keeps me, let my heart be
bad,
his guard;
Mad slanderers by mad ears believed
Thou canst not then use rigor in my
be,
gaol:
That I may not be so, nor thou belied,
And yet thou wilt; for I, being pent
Bear thine eyes straight, though thy
in thee,
proud heart go wide.
Perforce am thine, and all that is in
me.
CXLI.
CXXXIV.
In faith, I do not love thee with mine
So, now I have confess'd that he is
thine,
And I myself am mortgaged to thy
will,
Myself I'll forfeit, so that other mine
Thou wilt restore, to be my comfort
still:
But thou wilt not, nor he will not be
free,
For thou art covetous and he is kind;
He learn'd but surety-like to write
eyes,
For they in thee a thousand errors note;
But 'tis my heart that loves what they
despise,
Who in despite of view is pleased to
dote;
Nor are mine ears with thy tongue's
tune delighted,
Nor tender feeling, to base touches
prone,
Nor taste, nor smell, desire to be
invited
And taught it thus anew to greet:
But, rising at thy name, doth point
'I hate' she alter'd with an end,
out thee
That follow'd it as gentle day
As his triumphant prize. Proud of
Doth follow night, who like a fiend
this pride,
From heaven to hell is flown away;
He is contented thy poor drudge to
'I hate' from hate away she threw,
be,
And saved my life, saying 'not you.'
To stand in thy affairs, fall by thy
CXLVI.
side.
No want of conscience hold it that I
call
Poor soul, the centre of my sinful
Her love for whose dear love I rise
earth,
and fall.
[] these rebel powers that thee array;
Why dost thou pine within and
CLI.
suffer dearth,
Painting thy outward walls so costly
In loving thee thou know'st I am
Why so large cost, having so short a
forsworn,
But thou art twice forsworn, to me
lease,
love swearing,
Dost thou upon thy fading mansion
In act thy bed-vow broke and new
spend?
faith torn,
Shall worms, inheritors of this
In vowing new hate after new love
excess,
bearing.
Eat up thy charge? is this thy body's
end?
But why of two oaths' breach do I
accuse thee,
Then soul, live thou upon thy
When I break twenty? I am perjured
servant's loss,
most;
And let that pine to aggravate thy
store;
For all my vows are oaths but to
misuse thee
Buy terms divine in selling hours of
And all my honest faith in thee is
dross;
lost,
Within be fed, without be rich no
For I have sworn deep oaths of thy
more:
deep kindness,
So shalt thou feed on Death, that
Oaths of thy love, thy truth, thy
feeds on men,
constancy,
And Death once dead, there's no
And, to enlighten thee, gave eyes to
more dying then.
blindness,
Or made them swear against the
CXLVII.
thing they see;
For I have sworn thee fair; more
My love is as a fever, longing still
perjured eye,
For that which longer nurseth the
To swear against the truth so foul a
disease,
Feeding on that which doth preserve
the ill,
CLIII.
The uncertain sickly appetite to
please.
Cupid laid by his brand, and fell
My reason, the physician to my love,
asleep:
Angry that his prescriptions are not
A maid of Dian's this advantage
kept,
found
Hath left me, and I desperate now
And his love-kindling fire did
approve
quickly steep
Desire is death, which physic did
In a cold valley-fountain of that
except.
ground;
Past cure I am, now reason is past
Which borrow'd from this holy fire
care,
of Love
And frantic-mad with evermore
A dateless lively heat, still to
unrest;
endure,
My thoughts and my discourse as
And grew a seething bath, which yet
madmen's are,
men prove
At random from the truth vainly
Against strange maladies a
express'd;
sovereign cure.
For I have sworn thee fair and
But at my mistress' eye Love's brand
thought thee bright,
new-fired,
Who art as black as hell, as dark as
The boy for trial needs would touch
night.
my breast;
I, sick withal, the help of bath
CXLVIII.
desired,
And thither hied, a sad distemper'd
O me, what eyes hath Love put in
guest,
my head,
But found no cure: the bath for my
Which have no correspondence with
help lies
true sight!
Where Cupid got new fire--my
Or, if they have, where is my
mistress' eyes.
judgment fled,
That censures falsely what they see
aright?
CLIV.
If that be fair whereon my false eyes
dote,
The little Love-god lying once
What means the world to say it is not
asleep
Laid by his side his heart-inflaming
so?
brand,
If it be not, then love doth well
Whilst many nymphs that vow'd
denote
chaste life to keep
Love's eye is not so true as all men's
Came tripping by; but in her maiden
'No.'
hand
How can it? O, how can Love's eye
The fairest votary took up that fire
file://C: \Documents%20and%20Settings]
Section 40Local%20Settings\Temporary%2... 05/03/2007

===== PAGE 405 =====
{"alpha_words": 638, "chars": 3556, "method": "ocr", "page": 405, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shakespeare's Sonnets. Plain text 1-154.
Page 13 of 15
for me
Under that bond that him as fast
doth bind.
The statute of thy beauty thou wilt
take,
Thou usurer, that put'st forth all to
And sue a friend came debtor for
my sake;
So him I lose through my unkind
abuse.
Him have I lost; thou hast both him
and me:
He pays the whole, and yet am I not
free.
CXXXV.
Whoever hath her wish, thou hast
thyiạWill,'
And 'Will' to boot, and 'Will' in
overplus;
More than enough am I that vex
thee still,
To thy sweet will making addition
thus.
Wilt thou, whose will is large and
spacious,
Not once vouchsafe to hide my will
in thine?
Shall will in others seem right
gracious,
And in my will no fair acceptance
shine?
The sea all water, yet receives rain
still
And in abundance addeth to his
store;
So thou, being rich in 'Will,' add to
thy 'Will'
One will of mine, to make thy large
Will' more.
Let no unkind, no fair beseechers
kill;
Think all but one, and me in that
oneiWill.'
To any sensual feast with thee alone:
But my five wits nor my five senses
can
Dissuade one foolish heart from
serving thee,
Who leaves unsway'd the likeness of a
Thy proud hearts slave and vassal
wretch to be:
Only my plague thus far I count my
gain,
That she that makes me sin awards me
pain.
CXLI.
Love is my sin and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful
loving:
O, but with mine compare thou thine
own state,
And thou shalt find it merits not
reproving;
Or, if it do, not from those lips of thine,
That have profaned their scarlet
ornaments
And seal'd false bonds of love as oft as
mine,
Robb'd others' beds' revenues of their
rents.
Be it lawful I love thee, as thou lovest
those
Whom thine eyes woo as mine
importune thee:
Root pity in thy heart, that when it
grows
Thy pity may deserve to pitied be.
If thou dost seek to have what thou dost
hide,
By self-example mayst thou be denied!
be true,
That is so vex'd with watching and
with tears?
No marvel then, though I mistake
my view;
The sun itself sees not till heaven
clears.
O cunning Love! with tears thou
keep'st me blind,
Lest eyes well-seeing thy foul faults
should find.
CXLIX.
Canst thou, O cruel! say I love thee
not,
When I against myself with thee
partake?
Do I not think on thee, when I forgot
Am of myself, all tyrant, for thy
sake?
Who hateth thee that I do call my
friend?
On whom frown'st thou that I do
fawn upon?
Nay, if thou lour'st on me, do I not
spend
Revenge upon myself with present
moan?
What merit do I in myself respect,
That is so proud thy service to
despise,
When all my best doth worship thy
defect,
Commanded by the motion of thine
eyes?
But, love, hate on, for now I know
thy mind;
Those that can see thou lovest, and I
am blind.
Which many legions of true hearts
had warm'd;
And so the general of hot desire
Was sleeping by a virgin hand
disarm'd.
This brand she quenched in a cool
well by,
Which from Love's fire took heat
perpetual,
Growing a bath and healthful
remedy
For men diseased; but I, my
mistress' thrall,
Came there for cure, and this by that
I prove,
Love's fire heats water, water cools
not love.
Following the pattern of one use of the word 'time' for every 1 ½ sonnets there should be at least 17
one other person wrote those last 26 sonnets.*
*Utilization of words is a good way to determine an author. A person will typically utilize the same
only projected by the bard.
dimension to our thinking but it actually uses more parts of our brain than our normal here and now
file://C: Documents%20and%20Settings Section 40Local%20Settings\Temporary%2... 05/03/2007

===== PAGE 406 =====
{"alpha_words": 178, "chars": 952, "method": "ocr", "page": 406, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shakespeare's Sonnets. Plain text 1-154.
Page 14 of 15
minds and inspires us all to think creatively.
salivate.
A similar effect which is perhaps easier to explain was the start of each show of 'Star Trek The Next
where no one has gone beforeỊạ
preparation for the show. The bard used the word 'stars' about 100 times in the plays to achieve a
the reach of their minds. Just read Romeo's opening lines of the balcony scene in Romeo and Juliet
and see how much the words stars, heaven, sun and moon set up the whole fantasy or romance of
that scene.
ROMEO
He jests at scars that never felt a wound.
It is the east, and Juliet is the sun.
Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon,
Who is already sick and pale with grief,
Be not her maid, since she is envious;
Her vestal livery is but sick and green
And none but fools do wear it; cast it off.
It is my lady, O, it is my love!
O, that she knew she were!
She speaks yet she says nothing: what of that?

===== PAGE 407 =====
{"alpha_words": 89, "chars": 524, "method": "ocr", "page": 407, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Shakespeare's Sonnets. Plain text 1-154.
Page 15 of 15
er eye discourses; I will answer it.
I am too bold, 'tis not to me she speaks:
Two of the fairest stars in all the heaven,
Having some business, do entreat her eyes
To twinkle in their spheres till they return.
What if her eyes were there, they in her head?
As daylight doth a lamp; her eyes in heaven
See, how she leans her cheek upon her hand!
O, that I were a glove upon that hand,
That I might touch that cheek!
Previous Page
All rights reserved. ©Section 2000-7

===== PAGE 408 =====
{"alpha_words": 53, "chars": 351, "method": "ocr", "page": 408, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Po Hace bNS PORE EET RRP Ee sa anne ann LETHE tA NE RINT Ste
[ os

Sent: 02 March 2007 09:08

to:

Subject: Internet-Authorised: UFOs and Remote Viewing

Dear Same 0

_ Thank you for your e-mail of 1 March 2007.

Your comments have been noted and a copy of your correspondence placed on file.

DAS-FOI

uilding

Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB

02/03/2007

===== PAGE 409 =====
{"alpha_words": 458, "chars": 2738, "method": "ocr", "page": 409, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Attachments:
section 40
01 March 2007 12:14
DAS-UFO-Office
Please forward this to the appropriate contact.
MaryQueenofScots.htm; Lady Anne Pope.pdf
MaryQueenofScots.
Lady Anne
htm (33 KB)
department existed. I sent two emails to Nick Pope and he suggested that I contact you
at this email since he had retired.
Concerning UFO's:
What are the UFO's sightings about?
I am almost certain they are mainly to serve large dishes of humble pie. It had it's
greatest
effect when Ronald Reagan was very close to declaring Nuclear war with the
Soviet Union in the early 1980's.
His logic went something like this. Nobody is greater than us Americans. We have the
worlds fastest jets and the most advanced radar network which makes us invulnerable.
It was obvious to him that we would win a nuclear war with Russia.
Except that UFO's are much faster, disappear and reappear at will on our best radar
and abduct us whenever they want. Maybe we are not really that great. So we better not
start a Nuclear War.
Besides that we might need Soviets on our side if UFO's invade us.
<11/19/85 - President Reagan and Soviet General Secretary Gorbachev meet at their
first Summit in Geneva,
Switzerland.
Reagan stated,
" I couldn't help but say to him, just think how easy his task and
mine might be in these meetings that we held if suddenly there was a threat to this
world from some other species, from another planet, outside in the universe. We'd
forget all the little local differences that we have between our countries, and we
would find out once and for all that we really are all human beings here on this Earth
together.">
I can tell you that he was serious about this and I think that this preoccupation with
UFO's sightings prevented WWIII. Without UFO sightings we would be dead by now. The
fact that the conservative U.K. Was and is researching UFO's gave the subject full
credence.
And what about Jimmy Carters UFO sighting which is well recorded?
I'm certain that also helped validated UFO's for Reagan but not nearly as much as the
UK's interest.
I'm certain that UFO sightings have had a similar effect on the leaders of the Soviet
Union.
Theodore Roosevelt used the term 'Speak softly and carry a big stick'. The effect of
UFO's on first world countries is probably not much different than the effect that the
U.S. fleet had on third world countries a hundred years ago.
There is no bigger stick than possibly being able to abduct the president of the
United States.
(I am certain that Reagan gave that some thought too.) I'm certain UFO
I am not saying that I believe in them but if UFO's have prevented Nuclear War then
they can fly around in my back yard any time they want (except for those greys).

===== PAGE 410 =====
{"alpha_words": 521, "chars": 3074, "method": "ocr", "page": 410, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Concerning the test to find WMD by psychics three years ago.
You
did not ask me. I spent over 4 months looking for them using remote viewing and
since I am a scientist correlating them with satellite photos on the internet. Here is
some of what I found. in satellite photos.
Do you still want to know where there are wmd's in Iraq? Tharthar.
This needs to be
bombed.<http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/irag/images/dg-
tharthar3.jpg> Lots of trucks go
color of the road way. A lot less tire wear leaving than going in. Several thousand
tons of something has been unloaded there and hidden underground.
These are launchpads.
<http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/iraq/images/dg-
tharthar2. jpg> Anyone who says they are not is a spy. Just push the amusement park
rides off
and you have pads for medium range missiles. Possibly able to reach England.
Compare it to any launch pads anywhere. You even have what appears to be elevators for
bringing up missiles from underground. It's next to the 'amphitheater' on the left.
That is another thing. Nobody has built an amphitheater in the Middle East since
Alexander did 2300 years ago and there are three in that one 'village'. This page
shows another one with 'seats' that are the size of a house.
<http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/iraq/images/dg-
tharthar6.jpg> What are these? Long range radar systems for targeting the missiles
over London? Maybe a laser system based on using mirrors to overcome the problem with
the air heating. With a spread out or scanned beam focusing on large mirrors in the
it would eliminate the problem of distortion due to the heating of the air. I can't
figure it out but they did not spend $10 million on those for entertainment.
I did a search on the internet and the only time that I can find that the U.S. Forces
went to Tharthar they got shot at on the way there so they turned around and left.
That defies logic doesn't it?
Also, they have buried other WMD depots and most of their un located weapons caches
under about 40-60 feet of dirt for the duration. It only took them about 6 hours using
100 dump trucks to make a small mountain over each of them.
At one weapons cache over
a dozen locals directed U.S. Forces to it. Humvees drove right up on top of the hill
looking for it and it was 40 feet under them.
The U.S. Has even placed relay stations or antennas on those hills.
The U.S. doesn't seem to want this information. It's the old story of a prophet in his
own land not being respected. That comes from Matthew I think.
I can travel. I need to come to the U.K. anyway to get some of my writing published
such as the attached paper concerning Romeo and Juliet as an allegory to Mary Queen of
Scots and the Earl of Bothwell or the second one which clears up the mystery about the
identity of the woman in the famous Marcus Gheeraerts painting 'The Pearly Queen' at
Sincerely,
Section 40
Flagstaff, Az. 86004
Section 40|
Click for FHA loan, $0 lender fees, low rates & approvals nationwide
http://tagline.hushmail.com/fc/CAaCXv1KYDromFRBEm1FVL804nduXEV2/

===== PAGE 411 =====
{"alpha_words": 418, "chars": 2487, "method": "ocr", "page": 411, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This is the real Romeo and Juliet
Page 2 of 6
Dramatis Personae
The original cast of the greatest
The original cast of the greatest
tragedy that England ever produced.
tragedy that England ever produced.
James Hepburn, the Earl of Bothwell a
Romeo a Montague
protestant
- was the opposite of Juliet. Where she
- was the opposite of Mary. Where she
was mannerly, gracious, and spoke well,
was mannerly, gracious, and spoke well,
he was rowdy, uncouth, loud and
he was rowdy, uncouth, loud and
confrontational in manner.
confrontational in manner.
Mary Queen of Scots was a prominent
Catholic.
Juliet is a prominent Capulet
Mercutio is a friend to most everyone and
friend to most everyone. including the
Earl of Bothwell. David was a good
muscian
dialog rhymes- but in two places (here
and here and that is the only singing in
the entire play. Yep, Mercutio could easily
have been a musician.
Queen Elizabeth, is the law of the land.
Escalus, the Prince of Verona, is the law
of the land.
Paris = France=Francis II. Italy and
France warred almost continuously in the
16th centuryso it is strange that no one
questions a prominent Italian having the
The Dauphin of France, whose name was
same name as the French capital. That's
Francis II was the son of the King of
like a German having the first name of
France, He was Mary's bethroed and her
Moscow, an English Lord named Berlin, a
Queen Elizabeth.. (The rulers of Europe
were all related. Royal spouses came
with about half of the treaties.)
County Paris (Often changed to Count
Paris in later versions of the play Romeo
and Juliet but still refered to as County
Dauphin, Dauphine and Dauphiny are
wihin the play itself). He is kinsman to the
names for the same territory which was
Prince' of Verona.
found in South Eastern France and
Dauphin is the title of it's ruler. Like a
The Bard used poetic license to corrupt
count used to be the ruler of a county.
Count Paris' to 'County Paris' so that you
would know he was the Dauphin of
France. (Others have missed it too. Albert
Einstein, the Queen Mother and about 2
billion other people at the last county.)
King Henry II of France is the head of the
Catholic Church in France and the father
Capulet is the head of the Capulets and
of the Dauphin of France.
the father of Juliet
Catholics and Protestants they had a
The Capulets and Montagues they had a
[The name Capulet is a sore that causes
file://C: \Documents%20and%20Settings\
Section 40 ocal%20Settings\Temporary%2... 01/03/2007

===== PAGE 412 =====
{"alpha_words": 358, "chars": 2137, "method": "ocr", "page": 412, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This is the real Romeo and Juliet
Page 3 of 6
a large bump on a horses or person's
knee. It's often the resulting bruise from
[Catholicism was a religion that had been
an injury and was often seen as an
World. This is what created the
often caused by an infection which should
Protestant religion. The Catholics saw the never be ignored.
Protestant's as the problem and not their
New World pretty much ran out which
happened in the early 1600's.J
ague=fever as resulf of an infection.)
The infectious nature of the later type of
capulet could kill a horse or even a king
like King Henry VIII. was said to have
died from a sore on his leg. It was called
a capulet at the time and it was ignored.
Then the infection spread throughout his
body and killed him. It was a warning to
the Catholic Church to clean itself up and
not see the Protestants as the source of
the problem.
Lord Darnley, cousin (and husband) of
Tybalt, cousin of Juliet. A Capulet who
Mary. A Catholic who had a mean and
violent streak.
had a mean and violent streak.
The Protestant Clergy Friar Laurence
Jean Gordon-Bothwells wife
Rosaline - Romeo's girlfriend
The scenes
The King of France wants his son, the
Dauphin of France, to marry Mary Queen
Capulet wants his daughter Juliet to
marry County Paris
of Scots
without regards for her feelings.
without regards for her feelings.
They are betrothed when she is 5 and
She is only 13 so he says in two more
marries him when she is 15
years when she is 15
The Earl of Bothwell is a Protestant who
falls in love with Mary Queen of Scots, a
Catholic.
Romeo is a Montague that falls in love
with Juliet, a Capulet.
while hidding his true character behind
the mask of being a kind person which
while hidding his true identity behind a
he was not.
The Earl of Bothwell: 'His fiery temper
and jealousy of the Earl of Murray
involved him in a succession of riots and
brawls which led him (on more than one
Romeo is involved in numerous fights
and street brawls seemingly on a nearly
continuous basis.
occasion) to imprisonment and exile.'
file://C: Documents%20and%20Settings
ction 4dLocal%20Settings\Temporary%2... 01/03/2007

===== PAGE 413 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2189, "method": "ocr", "page": 413, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This is the real Romeo and Juliet
Page 4 of 6
are having a good time (at Holyrood)
when they are attacked by Darnley and
are having a good time when they are
attacked by Tabalt and his thugs.
his thugs
Darnley cannot get Bothwell to fight
since he escaped by a back window and
Tybalt cannot get Romeo to fight
ran away.
but David Rizzo does
but Mercutio does
and is killed by Darnley and his men
and is killed by Tybalt and his men
while he was under the protection of
while he is under Romeo's arm (Which
Bothwell (he was acting as
was symbolic of Mercutio being under
Mary's protector and Captain of the
the wing of Romeo which in turn means
Scottish guards).
his protection)
David Rizzo was the only one that dies
Mercutio was the only one that dies.
They are not even prosecuted for the
They are not even prosecuted for the
crime
crime.
Davids death is then avenged by the Earl
Mercutio's death is then avenged by
of Bothwell
Romeo
who kills Darnley.
who kills Tybalt.
He gets away with it.
He gets away with it
Bothwell and Mary elope to Dunbar (or
else he kidnaps her it is not known if she
Romeo and Juliet elope
was willing or unwilling)
and marry secretly
and marry secretly
at Holyrood Palace in a Protestant
ceremony
in a ceremony by Friar Lawrence
leaving many people to wonder how he
could so easily dump Jean Gordon who
was his new wife of less than one year.
who wonders how Romeo can so easily
dump his girlfriend Rosaline.
They marry in the hopes of bringing
peace between the feuding Catholics
and Protestants
They marry in the hopes of bringing
peace between the feuding Capulets and
Montagues.
However the Catholic Church does not
recognize the marriage and it seems that
the Protestants don't either
However the Capulets and Montagues
do not know (recognize) they are married
so most Catholics and Protestants were
against them. No actual fighting takes
so most Capulets and Montagues were
against them.
place because Mary's outnumbered
troops gradually melted away.
No actual fighting took place.
Mary agreed to give herself up
No actual fighting took place.
Juliet gives up
file://C: \Documents%20and%20SettingsL
Section 4 Local%20Settings\Temporary%2... 01/03/200/

===== PAGE 414 =====
{"alpha_words": 371, "chars": 2208, "method": "ocr", "page": 414, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This is the real Romeo and Juliet
Page 5 of 6
on condition that Bothwell was given safe
passage into exile.
But he doesn't leave the country.
If Mary had disowned Bothwell she could
retused.
Mary is imprisoned (put on ice) at
Lochleven Castle, a virtual tomb, which
made her completely immobile. She is
thought to be as good as dead by
everyone
except for Bothwell who spent the next
month trying, in vain, to raise more
troops
but then she escapes from her tomb of a
prison at Lochleven
At Langside the brave men who are most
loyal to Mary fight against a force that
has nearly everyone on their side,
and many are killed
but in the end it's a suicidal act.. Also,
the Earl of Bothwell virtually committed
suicide by going to Scandanavia where
he had previously jilted Anna Rustung
after accepting and absconding with a
dowry of 40,000 Tolars (equal to 40,000
Gold Ducats, a tremendous sum) from
her father to marry her. She had him put
in prison where he died.
battle was thought by many to have
caused Mary to have virtually commited
suicide by going to England and trying to
gain support from a Protestant Queen
Elizabeth for her war with the Protestant
lords. (Where Queen Elizabeth has her
imprisoned until her death.)
This bloodshed and huge sacrifice in the
name of love brought peace between the
Catholics and Protestants in the British
Isles.
The End
Escalus, the Prince of Verona banishes
Romeo from Verona threatening death
should he ever return.
But he doesn't leave the country.
If Juliet had disowned Romeo she could
have survived as a countess (wife of
Paris) but she refused
Juliet takes a potion and enters a deep
sleep which makes her completely
immobile. She is thought to be dead by
almost everyone.
except for Romeo.
but then she escapes from her prison of
sleep.
loyal to Juliet, Romeo, fights Paris (who
has nearly everyone on his side)
who is killed
but in the end it's a suicidal act on the
part of Romeo.
which she caused horrifies and drives a
distraught Juliet to commit suicide.
This bloodshed and huge sacrifice in the
name of love brought peace between the
Capulets and Montagues in Verona.
The End
All rights reserved. © Section 2909-6
file://C: \Documents%20and%20Settings)

===== PAGE 415 =====
{"alpha_words": 124, "chars": 665, "method": "ocr", "page": 415, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Who was the Pearly Queen?
This is Tate Gallery's 'Portrait of an
Unknown Lady by Marcus Gheeraerts
Il and she is called the 'Pearly Queen'.
<http://www.tate.org.uk/magazine/issue
4/pearlyqueen.htm>
But who was she and what was her
name?
She was this woman: This is Marcus
Gheeraerts painting of 'Anne, Lady Pope
with her children' at the National Gallery
>http://www.npg.org.uk/live/search/portra
it.asp?mkey=mw69849<
It's easy to see to see that she was the
same person. She has changed her
collar and removed her apron of fabric
but she is still the same person..
Ill explain all the differences and at the
same time prove that they are the same
woman five ways.

===== PAGE 416 =====
{"alpha_words": 201, "chars": 1154, "method": "ocr", "page": 416, "variant": "plain-vision"}
with an intricate pattern which was uncommon then. Solids colors or simple designs were
resolve this inconsistency next.
second was a quickly made copy of the primary painting but not always and this appears to
be one of those exceptions.
colors are different. They used cheaper but more stable pigments in the seconds. It's a bit
organic pigments on their best paintings to get the pertect colors at that time but these would
often fade in time while the 'second' or cheaper paintings (and those by lesser artists) were
made with standard pigments which were less true as far as their color at the time but were
almost completely in the Portrait of an Unknown Lady. Actually everything except the blue
seems to have faded quite a bit but all am concerned with for this proot are the yellows.
had to be very accurate since it would be noticed immediately if it wasn't true. So the
masters were always bent on using the best yellows and oranges that became available in
time.
Before then or later it would have been worn but such a drab color dress would not have
been appropriate during the era of Queen Elizabeth's colorful reign. Both her face and her

===== PAGE 417 =====
{"alpha_words": 120, "chars": 723, "method": "ocr", "page": 417, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Anne Pope and guess what?
Four. The 'Unknown Lady' has nearly
'Lady Elizabeth Pope' dated 1615 which is
also in the Tate gallery.
http://tate.org.uk/servlet/ViewWork?cgroupi
7727
Of course she is 20 years older but just
eyebrows, thin lips, pointed chin, incredibly
long thin fingers and very small dark eyes.
In fact most of her other features are
nearly identical. Then there are those
pearls belonging to the Pearly Lady, not
only around her neck but those feathers
are actually made with pearls that were
sewn into her costume. ‹http://history-ot-
art.blogspot.com/2005/12/early-stuarts-
caroline-masque.htm> Why is her name
Elizabeth and not Anne?
She doesn't look like she is going
to die of anemia anymore does
she?

===== PAGE 418 =====
{"alpha_words": 68, "chars": 398, "method": "ocr", "page": 418, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It's simply that someone swapped her name with
her daughter's which appears to have been
Elizabeth….
This is Robert Peakes 'Lady Anne Pope' also
dated 1615 and is in the Tate
gallery:<http://tate.org.uk/servlet/ViewWork?cgro
on those two paintings I guess. Notice her
is about the right age. It appears that she also
has one other thing she got from her mother.
All rights reserved. © Section 29°0

===== PAGE 419 =====
{"alpha_words": 132, "chars": 894, "method": "ocr", "page": 419, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From
section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5hh Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
e-mail
(Direct dial)
020 7218 2140
(Switchboard)
020 7218 9000
(Fax)
sectior
das-ufo-office @mod.uk
Section 40
Bicester
Oxon
Section 40
Our Keterence
D/DAS/64/2
Date
1 March 2007
Dear Section 40
Thank you for your letter to
ection 40
of 27 February 2007 regarding previous
correspondence on the matter of UFO sightings. The letter has been passed to me, as
manager, to deal with.
Section 40
reports from them so far this year.
The integrity of the UK's airspace in peacetime is maintained through continuous
light of the particular circumstances at the time
which would be an inappropriate use of taxpayers' money.
the MoD has released many of its UFO records, which can be found on its website at
www.mod.uk
Yours sincerely,
Section 40

===== PAGE 420 =====
{"alpha_words": 148, "chars": 893, "method": "ocr", "page": 420, "variant": "plain-vision"}
35
Section 40
Bicester
oxon Section 40
Section 40
Directorate of Air Staft
Freedom of Information 1
Ministry of Defence
5th floor Zone H
Main Building
whitehall
London SWIA 2HB
27 February 2007
Dear
section 4
Lights. Do the police not have to send the MOD as a matter of procedure UFO
reports they receive from the general public.I know they had received tour
reports when I spoke to them on 01:02:07
I find it hard to understand your comments, that the MOD do not investigate
UFO sightings.It they do not investigate now can you suggest that the Uk
aur heads since breath ted three dismissive a altadesh the MOD. Me
live in troubled times and I feel we should all work as one and not the us
and them.
what are the MoD hiding that we should be afraid of ? I cannot express the
dismay I feel, at the way I a taxpayer am treated with contempt by the MOD.
Yours sincerely
section 40|
DAS
285
PLE

===== PAGE 421 =====
{"alpha_words": 61, "chars": 482, "method": "ocr", "page": 421, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CLOSURN
NUMBES
From: Section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5h Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
e-mail
(Direct dial)
020 7218 2140
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 9000
action 40
das-ufo-office@mod.uk
Section 40
Chorley
Lancashire
Section 40
Our Reference
D/DAS/64/3
Date
21 February 2007
Dear Section 40|
to the Ministry of Defence to deal with.
www.mod.uk
I hope this is helpful.
Yours sincerely,
Section 40

===== PAGE 422 =====
{"alpha_words": 219, "chars": 1450, "method": "ocr", "page": 422, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO BE GIVEN PRIORITY AT ALL TIMES
Page 1 of 2
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
ection 40
21 February 2007 12:41
ection 40
Sectiott40
Yours, I think.
section 41
From: Parli Branch-Treat-Official
Sent: 21 February 2007 12:33
To: DAS-Sec; Low Flying
To:
Copy To:
Our Reference:
Due Date:
DAS Sec
TO01245/2007
13 March 2007
The Rt Hon Des Browne MP has received the attached correspondence from a member of
the public, which this office has neither retained nor acknowledged. Please send a reply on
behalf of the PM/Minister/Department.
Ministers attach great importance to correspondence being answered promptly, and your
same timescale. You should be aware that No 10 periodically calls for a sample of letters
Most correspondence involves some form of request for information - even if it is only a
request for clarification of Government policy - and is therefore covered by the Freedom of
the correspondence requests information which is not already in the public domain, and
the Access to Information toolkit, and comply with the separate FOI guidance from DG Info
correspondence will still apply. If you are in any doubt as to whether a piece of
correspondence should be treated as an FOIA request, you should ask your FOI Focal Point
ParliBranch-Treat-Official@mod.uk) of the date of your reply so that the record
can be closed on the Toolkit.
Detailed guidance on handling TO Correspondence can be found on the Defence Intranet at
21/02/2007

===== PAGE 423 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 276, "method": "ocr", "page": 423, "variant": "clean-vision"}
TO BE GIVEN PRIORITY AT ALL TIMES
Page 2 of 2
le Intranet, please inform the Ministerial Correspondence Unit.
Email: ParliBranch-Treat-Official@mod.uk
Regards,
MOD Parliamentary Branch
Ministerial Correspondence Unit
lection 40
e: ParliBranch-Treat-Official@mod.uk
21/02/2007

===== PAGE 424 =====
{"alpha_words": 63, "chars": 406, "method": "ocr", "page": 424, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FROM -
Section 40
To
CHORLEY
LANCASHIRE
ection 40
UK
10 DOWNINGS
LONDON
SWIA ZAA
Nos
sefence
Dear Sir Madem
concens re UFOs,
seeks assurances
Please could you let me know
The Governments position on the U.F.O
Phenomenon, and could you also
confirm that there has been no
Government cover-up on the phemomen on?
I woul be most grateful for your
honest response.
Mary thanks and sincere regards
- S FEB 2007

===== PAGE 425 =====
{"alpha_words": 89, "chars": 696, "method": "ocr", "page": 425, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
section 40
19 February 2007 11:12
ection 4@aol.com'
Subject: Internet-Authorised: UFO Sighting Reports for 2006.
Dear
section 40
I am writing concerning my previous e.mail dated 16 February 2007, regarding UFO sighting reports for 2006.
The reports are now available for the public to view, and this is accessible via the internet at:
http://www.mod.uk/Defencelnternet/FreedomOflnformation/PublicationScheme/SearchPublicationScheme/Ufo
Hope this is helptul.
Yours sincerely
Section 4
Ministry of Defence
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
5th Floor, Zone H
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
E.mail - das-ufo-office @mod.uk
19/02/2007

===== PAGE 426 =====
{"alpha_words": 176, "chars": 1200, "method": "ocr", "page": 426, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Section 40
16 February 2007 16:54
Section 4@aol.com'
Subject: Internet-Authorised: UFOs.
Dear
ection 40
I am writing concerning your email that we received on the das-ufo-office e.mail address dated 7 February
2007.
You will know our policy on UFOs, from previous correspondence.
With regard to there being any sightings of UFOs in the Preston area of Lancashire on, or between the dates
7-25 December 2006, I can confirm that we received no reports for that area on those dates from anywhere in
the UK. We are satisfied that there is no corroborating evidence to suggest that the United Kingdom's
airspace was breached by unauthorised aircraft.
Finally, you asked if the MOD UAP sightings for 2006 can be released. All the UFO sightings we have listed
for 2006, will shortly be put on to the MOD Publication Scheme. The information will be accessible via the
internet at: http://www.mod.uk/Defencelnternet/FreedomOflnformation/PublicationScheme.
I hope this is helpful.
Yours sincerely
Ministry of Defence
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
5th Floor, Zone H
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
E.mail - das-ufo-office @ mod.uk
16/02/2007

===== PAGE 427 =====
{"alpha_words": 55, "chars": 375, "method": "ocr", "page": 427, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of l
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
section.
aol.com
07 February 2007 00:30
DAS-UFO-Office
Subject: (no subject)
Would it be possible for you to release the MOD UAP sightings 2006?
Could you also tell if there were any reported sightings in the Preston area on, an in-between 7th-25
December 06? Once again 1 look forward to your reply.
Kind regards
lection 40
07/02/2007

===== PAGE 428 =====
{"alpha_words": 82, "chars": 637, "method": "ocr", "page": 428, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CLOS
From: Section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5™h Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
Bicester
Oxon
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
5 February 2007
Dear
section 4
might have been compromised by hostile or unauthorised air activity.
inappropriate use of defence resources if we were to do so.
existence of these alleged phenomena.
Kingdom's airspace was breached by unauthorised aircraft.
Sorry I could not be more help.
Yours sincerely
section 40

===== PAGE 429 =====
{"alpha_words": 262, "chars": 1684, "method": "ocr", "page": 429, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
33
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
ection 40
31 January 2007 16:54
ection 40
@yahoo.co.uk'
Subject: Internet-Authorised: UFOs.
Dear
ection 40
I am writing with reference to your e.mail that we received on the 19 January 2007 on the das-ufo-
office @mod.uk e.mail address. This office is the focal point within the Ministry of Defence for correspondence
relating to 'UFOs'. I apologise for the delay in replying.
First, it may be helpful if I explain that the Ministry of Defence examines any reports of 'unidentified flying
objects' it receives solely to establish what was seen might have some defence significance; namely, whether
there is any evidence that the United Kingdom's airspace might have been compromised by hostile or
unauthorised air activity. Unless there is evidence of a potential threat to the United Kingdom from an external
source, and to date no 'UFO' report has revealed such evidence, we do not attempt to identify the precise
nature of each sighting reported to us. We believe that rational explanations, such as aircraft lights or natural
phenomena, could be found for them if resources were diverted for this purpose, but it is not the function of
the MOD to provide this kind of aerial identification service.
With regards to the articles on the orange lights that were spotted over Sunderland, the Press said that they
may have been Chinese lanterns. The MOD cannot identify as to what the orange lights could have been.
Sorry I could not be any help.
Yours sincerely
есто
Ministry of Defence
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
5th Floor, Zone H
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
E.mail - das-ufo-office @ mod.uk
31/01/2007/

===== PAGE 430 =====
{"alpha_words": 118, "chars": 693, "method": "ocr", "page": 430, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
, : | | Page Lot] 7

@ yahoo.co.uk]

From:
Sent: 19 January 2007 19:56
To: DAS-UFO-Office
Subject: Sunderland ufo scare

Hi!!

I was looking on the internet and read a few articles about the ufo scare when orange lights were
spotted over sunderland. However I did not find the real cause to what these lights were, and was
owndering if you could help me at all?

Many thanks
QO

AAA a eich ities cn be hh USO A at RO

All New Yahoo! Mail — Tired of unwanted email come-ons? Let our SpamGuard protect you.

SNIENNAPNTNANAE EEE ANAS NORMALS ET DASE IARI SETS AARNE AEA EE A EA SUNN ENE RSES ASAIN SIAL SNR UTERINE ASSIGN NSN NESDMD NS RPE BSB ih AIAG tL AAPA PNW WARM NNO nA RRA AAA

22/01/2007

===== PAGE 431 =====
{"alpha_words": 101, "chars": 744, "method": "ocr", "page": 431, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From Section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
Maidstone
Kent
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
22 January 2007
Dear
Section 4
your UFO sighting.
requested are as follows.
31/12/2006
19:15
Blandford
Mary
St
Dorset
31/12/2006
22.15
Three orange lights going at the
same speeds. Another orange
light came ten seconds later.
There was a light darting about
the sky, and it was going very
fast.
be shown as theirs have above.
I hope this is helpful.
Finally, your letter will be placed on our files.
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 432 =====
{"alpha_words": 164, "chars": 933, "method": "ocr", "page": 432, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
Dear
Section 40|
MAIDSTONE
KENT
ection 40
D/DAS/ 64/2
15. JAN 07
Many thanks for your letter dated 4th van 07 which
has a Reference of D/DAS/64/2 the reason for
this letter is to firstly put to you what events
tool place that right: About &-55 pm 1 pulled
the lurtains together to the front bedroom window.
While I old this I noticed two large white lights
with a bive edge Size of a football and like a figuer
of eight. This was!
about an Eastern direction and
It didn't Seem to Move I Watched it for 10 mins
then went to the Witchen to make me and me
ood to eat, we must of bear the only few in on
lei wears eve - t aroun 4:40 pm.
of our front room Window to see the lights
had moved about 4 or 5 miles to a west direction
and it Started to Move Very fast back to where
it first was - Then it dissapeared, So / Sat down
and that Was that, till 35 Minutes later I heard
a Vaccum cleaner type of noise which Sounded we it

===== PAGE 433 =====
{"alpha_words": 128, "chars": 682, "method": "ocr", "page": 433, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Watched the Craft Moving - With a
- loating type action in our difection
t Was this Shape
These look Whe darken Circles
the lights were rangging from Red, yellow, tue
freen, Amber and white.
The two Main lights were like this
BLUE
WHITE
RED .
After it passed abone us we fan from the
front of our home to the back and by now
its moving abut faster towards weST-
Then the obvect turned 90° left sharp and
Mored off Very Very fast Speed id gues
well over 200 uph if not More, this left me
jose Dumpy and numb and I didn't get Much
- Sleep that Might as what I saw Kept playing
on my Mind - If it Was a new tupe of
Known padd he sent may accent ??
Manged an Her py new upare
ection 40

===== PAGE 434 =====
{"alpha_words": 23, "chars": 163, "method": "ocr", "page": 434, "variant": "clean-vision"}
17-T
2007
Section 40
DIRECTORATE OF AIR STAFE
MINiSTRY OF DEFENCE
STH FLOOR, ZONE H, MAIN BUILDING
WHITEHALL LONDON SW IA 2HB
DAS
1 9 JAN 2007
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE

===== PAGE 435 =====
{"alpha_words": 12, "chars": 87, "method": "ocr", "page": 435, "variant": "clean-vision"}
MoTET Y
REPORT FRON
MEMBER SE
Insur
On Her Majesty's Service
Section 40
DELEMAER.
2006

===== PAGE 436 =====
{"alpha_words": 16, "chars": 98, "method": "ocr", "page": 436, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FOR PROJECT Y REPORT SEE
ACCOMPANYING ANNEX TO
FILE TITLED: ANNEX TO ENC 29
OF D/DAS/64/3 PART AE

===== PAGE 437 =====
{"alpha_words": 112, "chars": 720, "method": "ocr", "page": 437, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
28
EMBER
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
section 40
08 December 2006 11:37
ection 40
@btinternet.com'
Dear
ection 40
November. I am afraid that the fault lies with me as I had not realised my colleague had already answered
your question.
However, moving on to the points you make in your e-mail of 5 December, I am afraid that I can add little to
what I have already said. The Ministry of Defence does not attempt to identify the exact nature of every report
we receive and it is not our function to provide an aerial identification service for the general public. We are
nelicopter.
am sorry I cannot be of further assistance.
Section 40
DAS Sec 1
ection 4
MoD Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
08/12/2006

===== PAGE 438 =====
{"alpha_words": 166, "chars": 1113, "method": "ocr", "page": 438, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 21
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
ection 40
@btinternet.com]
05 December 2006 13:38
ection 40
Subject: Re: REPORT OF ORANGE LIGHTS
tion 40
Sectionbutit was obviously a general letter sent to all people who report UFO's.
coloured lights, but it just seems a little strange.
creating the illusion that they were hovering. However from the video footage(which I'm sure you've
but I wasn't aware that 'Harriers' could hover almost like a helicopter.
objects than me.
great speeds, not hovering, and surely Spalding would be a very strange place for a practice mission,
which could surely be done over Spalding or Holbeach marshes?
flares from such aircratt as Harriers. But then i thought, why would they be deployed over spalding?
formation for fireworks.
As you stated, you claim these objects to be of 'no defence significance' which is fair enough.
Thankyou for your response, and I would greaty appreciate another response.
Many Thanks,
Section 40
Section 40
@moduk> wrote:
in responding.
First, it may be helpful if I explain that the Ministry of Defence does not have any expertise or role in
05/12/2006

===== PAGE 439 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1765, "method": "ocr", "page": 439, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 2
substantiates the existence of these alleged phenomena. The Ministry of Defence examines any
reports of unidentified flying objects' it receives solely to establish whether what was seen might have
some defence significance; namely, whether there is any evidence that the United Kingdom's
evidence of a potential threat to the United Kingdom from an external source, and to date no 'UFO'
report has revealed such evidence, we do not attempt to identity the precise nature of each reported
phenomena, could be found for them, but it is not the function of the MOD to provide this kind of
aerial identification service. We could not justify expenditure of public funds on investigations which
go beyond our specific defence remit.
I can assure you that the integrity of the UK's airspace in peacetime is maintained through continuous
surveillance of the UK Air Policing Area by the Royal Air Force. This is achieved by using a
the UK airspace. Any threat to the UK Air Policing Area would be handled in the light of the particular
circumstances at the time (it might it deemed appropriate, involve the scrambling or diversion of air
defence aircraft). From that perspective, reports provided to us of 'UFO' sightings are examined, but
sufficient evidence to suggest a breach of Uk air space. The vast majority of reports we receive are
very sketchy and vague. Only a handful of reports in recent years have warranted further
investigation and none revealed any evidence of a threat.
In terms of your own report, I can confirm that there were up to 9 Harriers operating in the general
area around the time of your report. It is possible that these were indeed the lights you saw.
Section 40
DAS Sec 1
MoD Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
05/12/2006

===== PAGE 440 =====
{"alpha_words": 138, "chars": 853, "method": "ocr", "page": 440, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Your Ref. D/DAS/64/2
Section 40
Dear
Section 40
Exeter
Section 40
23. 11.06/27
you for your letter
telephone report te. U.f. 049.
you
WON'T
Hear from me AgAin
pull parcture.
am not in the slaghtest
bit interestad in science fiction
unexplained things
reapond to there
let it in the auntry for a
country for a
pew weeks.
Have a good Chestmas
all of you.
hank you for bearing
- its the
With me. I swear
honest truth
Section 40|
Tours sincerely
I was woken up by a novse
Which I assumed was on aircraft that
goes over our houses most nights at
about 11. Of -11.153. Looking at my
clock the time was 11.40 pm - 1
thought he's date tonight and settled
back to steep however my eyes
ace what my windows i I could
an only doserbe as
I you can imagine a rumber of
sik sanes grey black a white
going i guess around and around,
on reflection this could have been

===== PAGE 441 =====
{"alpha_words": 101, "chars": 557, "method": "ocr", "page": 441, "variant": "plain-vision"}
burning fuel / suppose. who gradua
Mopped down and to my right.
get from my ne hast and then
darkness) what, had (been abilęî
Suface
to see it in total would have
been disc shaped - it came to
a gradual balt and 1
could
see w'undous/Vents
I'm not an artist!
I looked very closely
to remember exactty what I was
seeing. Jhere were no lights on
That I could are and ho signe,
lill. Glinte suddenly it took of
o past you cannot imagine, almost
pulling my eyes wit it
I Shen
fumped out of bed to see If I could
engthing
except
*cert to the wu f
but но nothing.

===== PAGE 442 =====
{"alpha_words": 26, "chars": 189, "method": "ocr", "page": 442, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEVON
24—1
2006
CI Cl
Section 40
DIRECTORATE Of AIR STAF.
MINISTRY of DEFENCE
5ta FLOOR, ZoNé H.
Main BuiLDing
WHITEHALL
LONDON SWI A 2HB.
REf. D/DAS/64/2
Section 40|
doesnt ini
Festign 10

===== PAGE 443 =====
{"alpha_words": 62, "chars": 503, "method": "ocr", "page": 443, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From: Section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
e-mail
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
020 7218 9000
(Fax)
das-ufo-office@mod.uke ction 40
Section 40
Keynesham
Bristol
section 40
Our Reference
DIDASI642
Date
27 November 2006
Dear
section 40
the answer machine.
Firstly, please accept my apologies for the incorrect addressing of Section 40
reports for 3 November 2006.
Yours sincerely,
Section 40

===== PAGE 444 =====
{"alpha_words": 161, "chars": 979, "method": "ocr", "page": 444, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
2 3 NOV 2006
KEF: D/DAS/64/2
Keynskan
BRISTOL
Section 40
21 st Noverber 06
Dear
Section 40
In reply to you letter of 7 wow, regarding the
unusual objects spotted in the sky over an area
of Bristol on Nov zrd
" I have to say, I found
the attitude of your letter quite contescending.
Fart a ste pot that enter Schen erdo
gave your telephone number and suggested I phone
yoh. Secondly, what was seen in the sky on
vor. Bnd was an unusudi and quite disturbin
enough to bning 'hundreds' of calls its Radio Bristor
(their quote) and for R. bristol to feative a programme
on the subject. I, therefore, yind it very surpnsing
that, you say; you' recerved no other reports of
UFO, sightings for Nov. 3it 2006 from anywhere in the
I have contacted Bristol Arport to inform them that
by them passing on your telephone number to the public
is a complete waste of peoples time and merey.
are not listened to propily. In fact if there were akin t
much like it.
Sincereli
Section 40

===== PAGE 445 =====
{"alpha_words": 8, "chars": 62, "method": "ocr", "page": 445, "variant": "clean-vision"}
lec
Majesty
ROYAL MAIL
Camsham,
Section 40
ARISTOL
Section 40

===== PAGE 446 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 446, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 447 =====
{"alpha_words": 453, "chars": 2612, "method": "ocr", "page": 447, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Just pila.
ection 40
TUNBRIDGE WELLS
KENT
Section 40
19 NOVEMBER 2006
Section 40
F.A.O
DEFENSE PR
01/A/12
MOD
MAIN BUILDING, WHITEHALL, LONDON SWiAZHB
Dear
Section 40
REPORT RE ENERGY CIRCLE RETURN TIMES 18/11/06 TO 20/11/06
Please find enclosed to charts in respect to the craft return events.
Something has shown on this set of charts that have not been noted prior, and it should have been
expected .
All the other times I have used the energy circle code live to follow through the black hole, also with the
Druid 42 code, however this time I decided to use the general craft code that covers all forms of craft, and
can also be used in conjunction with the index of other life forms and craft forms that are contained on the
crafts computer.
I noticed that I was picking up responses in areas that I should not in respect to the 8 hour time length within
the black hole and then I discovered that they were other craft and going in different directions but as with
our roads directions in their own lanes, so they have an auto system for speeds beyond light to keep apart
which can only be done by a computer.
i should have reasoned that any life form millions of years in advance would not only be visiting us, but
every where else as well and like our military change over at set times as our ships do at sea ect.
When you trace the response you then ask the question, this is telepathic sense response against the
colour codes and that the person using the codes has been accepted by the form to be allowed to intercept
their positions and systems
The next change over will be the 18/3/07 18.00 hours but the new craft will arrive about three weeks prior,
the new cratt is above , but will only send pods down where required to examine, visit and deposit either way
the forms to observe us, or to their settlements here which are in a time past but in our own dimension of
time, hence the reasons we cannot see them, but can sense or measure them by radionics or biometrics.
I assume that once we invented radar they had to resort to this form the reasons that the majority of
sightings are in the past in relation to the present years.
At present all my traces are on one life form type but I will have a look at the others in due course some of
which have left their visiting cards in last 60 years or so.
THIS REPORT SHOULD BE ADDED TO THE 230 PAGE FOLDER or general paris for those who are
linking this research.
With best wishes
Section 40
Yours sincerely
Section 40
Section 40
OK, NEAR
2 ALS WEIGHT -NIT RECLUFO A RECENT.
THE ENCLOSÃO SHOULD BA DIRECTRO TU SAMA SECTIO
WITH THANk Section 40
PAGE 1

===== PAGE 448 =====
{"alpha_words": 173, "chars": 997, "method": "ocr", "page": 448, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CANADA CRAFT COU?
ENERGY GIRLS ACTIVE
YELLOW S
Yiesen
• 12t:
ina
Billin &
RINER I
GET TO
SER JES Bein 2067
NOT MATTREE OS
AND WILL AT
ZUNiR
BATE EVA
ITs ZE42 & ist: MS
Bitch stern FLiPs
SEAR TIMA Gi
2-3
OUrR
INSTRAD 17 1 - 2 AS IT
iS NELS, SE MATTRE DOU
USE CE PARE BELt AN
A LEATH OF EULO!
ARKA
THE BLACK HOLE
12.00 HRS 19/11/06
START VERY
S200
SPEROS
ME DIE END
SERIA
TIME PARES TO GO
COC THAął
FASCIN) THIS IS A 5 POLE
TART TO END
LIGHT BULB CREATEN Of ANcTURe STARTS
PLANAT LI
DU21N- 207/4/66
Posiner AT
NOTIER
MORK THAN ONE CRAFT IN HOUR/
FIRST TIMA TipS REcORDia.
NOTICeS A 17-80 170U $
1000 DIA CRATE
SO TARA BIt TRAUMA CHANER OUR SYSTEM THErEMONT THR
SITAN, SYSTES AT SAHR TIME - THESE AR STAR SOUPS
NUT CARGO SiR ASTRO IN
ARRI
NOTANE
MAGNATES
UNIT
No stohn, you canner O
OP TH: SPINK
NETR
AS 873 Os
TARING A REDNE AT TIMES
AUF COURO WARA OUT TIR
FRO: START SHOULO BH 18 HOnO
EARTHINES CAN SUCH OF UP!
MIRADAN
NA CANA (ODB
Neuro
Here
Girl = 8
= ≤iz
5+152 = 8
CAN I GOD I PEE DEęł
SEE TYin

===== PAGE 449 =====
{"alpha_words": 20, "chars": 125, "method": "ocr", "page": 449, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SAX
REFLECTS
euse
XIX
Dismis
RETURN TRIp
CODA
Henby
CARRICORNUS
The Horned
AQUILA
Tina
• Eagle
Eag
EQUULEUS
The Col
• Dolphs

===== PAGE 450 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 347, "method": "ocr", "page": 450, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Section 40
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40|
Kings Lynn
Norfolk
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
21 November 2006
Dear
Section 40
'UFOs.'
resources if we were to do so.
existence of these alleged phenomena.
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 451 =====
{"alpha_words": 466, "chars": 2875, "method": "ocr", "page": 451, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AOL Email
File!
Page 1 of 3 |
GOSURE
23
WBER
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
section 40
@aoi.com
18 November 2006 02:19
Section 40
Co:
DAS-UFO-Office: Section 40
Section 40
Subject: whitley schriebers rethinking
Section 40
My mission, even when I was not sure that my own close encounter experiences were physical, or even
negative, was to find ways of empowering myself and others in the face of this unknown. When I was
having and seeing good experiences, I wanted to facilitate contact. Now that contact has changed, I have
changed. I want to find ways of effectively protecting us.
I view the spreaders of disempowering messages to be de facto under the control of the visitors, whether
they are operating from some concealed agenda, under some sort of mind control, or simply from their
own fear. If you preach fear without empowerment, as far as I am concerned, you're working for them.
The same is true if you preach the bald faced lie that they are in some way loving toward us and that our
fear is our fault. This is pure fantasy, and also does their work for them, in that it keeps us passive toward
what is happening to us.
So, what is to be done?
Unfortunately, ordinary means do not offer us any help. The government is obviously unable even to
warn people of the dangers involved. Otherwise, it would have publicized the murders I have referred to
and openly studied things like implants and the physical effects of abduction which, though little
researched and poorly understood, appear to be many.
The amount of physical evidence is so extensive that research would be quite easy. The truth is that the
skeptics' lie that there is no physical evidence of abduction is just that: a complete falsehood. There is, in
fact, an abundance of physical evidence readily available to science.
I think that protection will come from two things: mutual support and knowledge. I don't think that
abductee groups are the answer, though. I tried such groups early on and they were a disaster. People
with religious and 'space brothers' agendas rushed to them. Mentally ill and otherwise disturbed people
who want to ascribe their personal problems to the stress of contact appeared, bringing their baggage
with them. Even the groups that came together well were, ultimately, unproductive. What can we really
do in these groups? In the end, they became repetitive and did not offer what we need. Counselling and
post-abduction support is important, of course. But what we need is a means of controlling our exposure
to close encounters in the first place.
Ten years ago, I was saying that what we needed was a means of perfecting communication and
learning how to live in the context of encounter. Of course I was. Except for my initial experience, I'd had
a wonderful time. And I still can't fault it. The visitors took me beyond the edge of known reality, and I saw
20/11/2006

===== PAGE 452 =====
{"alpha_words": 563, "chars": 3313, "method": "ocr", "page": 452, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AOL Email
Page 2 of 3
• spread before me hidden glories.
However, I am also a down-to-earth realist, and I am not seeing any of that sort of thing anymore. We
need to learn how to anticipate contact and how to avoid it. If there are still visitors out there who have
something good to bring us, they'll find their own way, I feel sure. But right now what we've got to deal
If we were not able to avoid them, they wouldn't need to sneak up on us as they do. So knowledge
matters. Social agreement matters. But our best tools, the government with all its various resources and
the scientific community with its ability to explore and gather information, have been denied to us by a
process of clever social control, or possibly for good reason, as discussed above, by the government
itself.
Most abduction researchers offer no help, or 'help' that's actually worse than nothing. Being told that it's
horrible and there's nothing to be done except wait for 'disclosure' that will never come doesn't help. It
freezes us and tells us we are impotent until and if our captured or neutered government acts. Being told
idiotic things like we made an "agreement" of some sort with the visitors "on the soul level" to go through
this is shameful and childish rubbish.
1. Stay in heavily populated areas, especially at night.
2. Move every few years. In recent years
ctiendhave moved seven times,
Being informed helps. Knowing the signs of possible visitor involvement in a given area helps.
What are these signs? Listen to the interview with
ection 40
All the signs are present in this case.
The first is the presence of UFOs in the area. The visitors often, but not always, make their presence
They know that the media won't provide useful information about their presence. Another way to find out
is to visit the National UFO Reporting Center often. This isn't a perfect system, but its the best we have.
The second sign is if you should notice any manitestations around you. If you actually see a UFO, for
example. Or if your area suddenly becomes extremely quiet. Birds and animals stop, insects stop. An
eerie silence falls. If this is followed by an eruption of animal sounds-dogs howling and barking, cats
Personally, I would stay awake and together in a lighted room. Don't venture out. Don't express any
interest in them. And if there is the least sign of their presence near you knocking on walls, sudden
shadows lashing about in the house, your pets becoming agitated-do not go to sleep no matter how
sleepy you get. Fight it. Turn on music, the TV, make phone calls. And don't go to sleep in the predawn.
The hours from three until sunrise are favorite contact times. Stay awake until well after dawn, when the
world is active again.
Ultimately, as a species, we have no escape from this. Even if the government were to announce that the
visitors were entirely real, and publish all it knows about them, and do everything it possibly could now or
in any conceivable future to free us from them, we would not succeed in escaping them. In fact, no
amount of struggle is going to dislodge them.
another perspective. What if astronauts from earth discovered another world. Perhaps, for a time, strict
rules of contact that respected the native population would be observed. Maybe, though, in time, those
20/11/2006

===== PAGE 453 =====
{"alpha_words": 379, "chars": 2208, "method": "ocr", "page": 453, "variant": "plain-vision"}
„ AOL Email
Page 3 of 3
rules would be relaxed, especially as travel to the new world became easier and cheaper.
Exploitative people would arrive, people carrying their religious and ideological agendas. These would
be lesser people than the noble astronauts--believers and fanatics intent on imposing their fantasies on
the helpless aliens. Then there would be those seeking resources of some kind, who wanted results and
For whatever reason, I think we have been left to the exploiters and the scum. Who knows? Maybe the
good guys gave up or lost a war. Maybe those of us who got good treatment were simply being deceived.
The point is, we must always approach this from a practical standpoint, and at the present time, contact
is awful and dangerous. If the visitors want it to be different, then they need to find a way to change it.
For our part, we must seek to find the good in our own souls, and let the dark presence that slips along
the paths of the night know that we know it is there, and we will do everything we can to avoid it.
My journal entries get a lot of comment, and for that I am so grateful to you. Some of it is quite, quite
wise, and I thought that this, from a knowledgable abductee, is particularly valuable. Take it to heart. This
reader writes:
are present to:
...I would stay awake and together in a lighted room. Don't venture out. Don't express any interest in
them. And if there is the least sign of their presence near you- knocking on walls, sudden shadows
flashing about in the house, your pets becoming agitated-do not go to sleep no matter how sleepy you
get. Fight it. Walk. Turn on music, the TV, make phone calls. And don't go to sleep in the predawn. Not
until the sun comes up."
"I have been through such experiences and am now undergoing one of the most brutal and extended,
along with my two children. One of the most important keys to psychological survival is humor. Your
suggestions are all excellent, but the manner in which you present them suggests an atmosphere of
paralyzing dread. It is imperative to take whatever steps you must to dispel that atmosphere. Fear feeds
help many people out there having a tough time."
section 40
Compendium
...
20/11/2006

===== PAGE 454 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 342, "method": "ocr", "page": 454, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CLOSE
From:
Section 40
LUMBES
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
St Albans
Hertfordshire
Section 40|
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
16 November 2006
Dear
section 40
'UFOs.'
resources if we were to do so.
above address.
Yours sincerely
section 40

===== PAGE 455 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 388, "method": "ocr", "page": 455, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Section 40
2
NATES
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
Wiltshire News
100 Victoria Street
Swindon
Wilts
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
16 November 2006
Dear
Section 40
resources if we were to do so.
existence of these alleged phenomena.
unauthorised aircraft.
Yours sincerely
section 40

===== PAGE 456 =====
{"alpha_words": 55, "chars": 500, "method": "ocr", "page": 456, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
THE WORLD: Politica!
18.00
18.00
Harro
Hern
VER SOTT EAST GE
ENERG
19/20/06-
19/18/06
22/10/08
T029/10/06
2418/0% 5/162
S/"/02 To
=
КНАР
NODS
CIRCLES
CIRCAS
PAND 1: 80 000 000
FOR THR TOUN AND ITS
ERUSALEM)
§ EIRELA
885
PROJECT Y
= CRAFD 32 SODS WAł
11851
THIS CONFIRES THAT WE ARE IN RECENT CE FANADA
STENTS By CELLA CODE
5
THE EN
596847
5×4×7
Asi Last A9=1 18 Sins 6B
/ 2% * A PULTTERLIFE FORM/ + CASTED CRITT
1226; Perso My MR VO72E 155.
літи коду гноз
= 60454
6+4+5
= 18 1+5 = 9) COMT IT CODA

===== PAGE 457 =====
{"alpha_words": 7, "chars": 42, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 457, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
N00 name + ad dress -ą
so no reply.
UNDES

===== PAGE 458 =====
{"alpha_words": 52, "chars": 319, "method": "ocr", "page": 458, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PRIVATE • CONMDRNTIN
NOTH
As like Have Now
SEEN 30 VENKREY
circhks The SHooks
BE THE LAST SYMBOL DOWSABel HORNST
THE CODE OUR THE WORLD MATT.
Ate renien
ROos
The mento Ty wist conte
A
RiNts TO S86 .
3 V
4| Y
MAD UNTIL 18-00 HOURS ON 18141/06.
i To Confirm Our PRojEes
(rayer y)
As Linhed AnD on GoiNe And se A Y on tHr

===== PAGE 459 =====
{"alpha_words": 23, "chars": 173, "method": "ocr", "page": 459, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Section 40|
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Neare note the statement in
the
the enclered envelope socion s0
inside
102No
DAS
- 8 NOV 2006
FILE
DIRECTORATE GENERAL MEDIA & COMMUNICATION

===== PAGE 460 =====
{"alpha_words": 13, "chars": 91, "method": "ocr", "page": 460, "variant": "clean-vision"}
PRIVATE
Section 40
DEFKNCB PR
MOD
GROV
01/A/12
MAINîŘî
NITTEIALL
BU:rDINi-
LONDON
SÜIA 2HB

===== PAGE 461 =====
{"alpha_words": 33, "chars": 180, "method": "ocr", "page": 461, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
: —~
a Z wLiibe S3R fe Cewzrmer ie

L/S dons ww, AND Me .

ee a men nee i ae _ en a ncaa eee ee _. a RN ee eg eet vif eee
CAIN ha OLTMN A CentHer 7b S. 4A Aw SNA LG eT To THAN AS

===== PAGE 462 =====
{"alpha_words": 91, "chars": 625, "method": "ocr", "page": 462, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
LoSt
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Section 40
09 November 2006 09:49
ection 40
@aol.com'
Subject: Internet-Authorised: REQUEST FOR HARD COPIES OF MOD WEBSITE INFORMATION
Dear Section 40
may download it, again free of charge.
means.
If this information does not address your requirements or you wish to complain about any aspect of
the handling of this request, then you should contact the undersigned in the first instance. Should
Please note that the Information Commissioner will not investigate your case until the MOD internal
Section 40|
DAS Sec 1
section
MoD Main Building
Whitehall
London
SWIA 2HB
09/11/2006

===== PAGE 463 =====
{"alpha_words": 100, "chars": 645, "method": "ocr", "page": 463, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
. | oe —Pagelofl

From: SEERA 20!.com

Sent: 08 November 2006 15:06

To: DAS-UFO-Office

Subject: Fol publications
I am interested in the Fol publications on the MoD website and i was wondering if it would be
possible to get a hard copy of some of the information regarding UFOs (namely 'UFO Rendlesham
Forest Incident 1980' and 'Unidentified Aerial Phenomena in the UK Air Defence Region’)?

I understand that the information is available for me to view for free on the website and 1 appreciate
that this may not be the case for a hard copy. Do you offer hard copies and if so, what (if any) would
be the charge?

Yours faithfully,

08/11/2006

===== PAGE 464 =====
{"alpha_words": 49, "chars": 414, "method": "ocr", "page": 464, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From: Section 40
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
section 40
Section 40
Pewsey
Wiltshire
Section 40|
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
1 November 2006
Dear Section 40
the Ministry of Defence for correspondence relating to 'UFOs'.
Thope this is helpful.
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 465 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 392, "method": "ocr", "page": 465, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Fax from aSection 40, PARLIAMETARY MCU 23/10/86 14:21 Pg: 1
|

‘ —“£“,
4
ww

MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
MINISTERIAL CORRESPONDENCE UNIT
Floor 5, Zone A, Main Building, London SW1A 2HB

From:
Telephone:
Facsimile:
23/10/06
To: DAS SEC
Please see attached, Sun newspaper extract omitted from Treat Official

Correspondence 6774/06.

Pages: 4

— KRKAKKAKKKAEEKRAAKKEKKAKKARAKAEKRA RATE EE RES EE FE EF

===== PAGE 466 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1783, "method": "ocr", "page": 466, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fax from
PARLIAMETARY MCU
23/10/06 14:21
** TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY **I
Pg : 2
ection 4
UFOS
** TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY **
TREAT OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE
To DAS (SeC)
ce
TO Ref No G 7 /2006
Date
23.00-0
The Prime Minister/SofS/Min(AF)/Min(DPY/USofS/MOD* has received the attached
correspondence from a member of the public, which this office has neither retamed noi
acknowledged. Please send a reply on behalf of the PM/Minister/Department.
should be sent withln 15 working days of the above date. If, exceptionally, this should prove
No 10 periodically calls for a sample of letters sent by officials on the PM's behalf for his
perusal.
request for clarification of Goverment policy - and is therefore covered by the Freedom of
Information Act (FOIA) from January 2005. In general, if you meet the deadline for
** TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY **
should ask your FOI Focal Point or refer to the guidance produced by DG Info
It is vital that branches crisure they have simple systems to record and track correspondence
received from members of the public. This information should be regularly monitored and
2000 Service Delivery Agreement for the Ministry of Defence.
As part of our monitoring procedure, random spot checks on the accuracy of your branch
records on correspondence will be performed throughout the year
Ministerial Correspondence Unit
Floor 5, Zone A. Main Buildine, Whitchall SWIA 2HB
Section 40
DII: Ministerial Correspondence; e: Ministerial-Correspondence@mod.uk.
Detailed guidance on I
mlles TO Correspondence can be fond ou the Defence Intranet a hip://main defence mod uk/min parL/PariBrch/TOGuld hu
If you do not huve acceas to the hutranet, plusie mion the M
terial Correspoudence Unit
** TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY **
ẠỊDelete as appropriate.
му 2005

===== PAGE 467 =====
{"alpha_words": 242, "chars": 1486, "method": "ocr", "page": 467, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fax from
lOn
PARLIAMETARY MCU
23/10/06 14:21
Pg : 3
section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
TWIGG. Derek [TWIGGD@parliament.uk]
16 October 2006 11:49
Ministers
FW: Question regarding a resent article in the press
Original Message
From:
ection 40
[mailto
Section 40
Sent: 15 October 2006 11:20
To: TWIGG, Derek
Subject: Question regarding a resent article in the press
Hi Mr Twigg.
I don't know if you can help, I was interested to see an article on The Sun website
(http://www.thesun.co.uk/article/
0.. 2-2006170581, 00 hemll who id like to ask a few questions if possible?
I have emailed Lynne Featherstone asking if she could let me know just what it was
that she asked to prompt the response from you, but so far I have not heard back from
her, so I thought I would contact you to see if you where able to let me know what it
was that she asked?
I am also interested to know if you could tell me full content of your response as the
article on The Sun website only picks out a few details?
I hope you are able to help, if you have any questions, please let me know.
Look forward to hearing from you soon,
Section 40
Section 40
Pewsey
wiltshire
Section 40
DISCLAIMER
This e-mail may contain confidential information and is intended solely for the above
named recipient. If you have received it in error, please notify me immediately and
delete the e-mail. You must not copy, distribute, disclose or take any action in
reliance on it.
• lecise of like any sets and
Arseser arth Hansarel
1

===== PAGE 468 =====
{"alpha_words": 178, "chars": 1122, "method": "ocr", "page": 468, "variant": "plain-vision"}
23/10/06
11:21
Pg : 4
• Sun
I HAVE FUN WITH SU
Thousands of singles waiting for a date - Mo
1 am a Male
• looking for a Female g
# ged 20s
Friday, October 20, 2006
RIF News To You | Email Aterts I Got A Story? | Contact Us | Site Map | Make This Your Home Page
Search
Take Me To
Home Page
Have Your Say
News
Sun Says
Dear Sun
News Videos
Sun Delivery Service
Top Stories Of The Week
Sport
Dream Team FC
Video
Bizarre
Movies
TV
Virals
Slideshows
Woman
Real Life
Mystic Meg
радез
Motors
Gizmo
Superbabes
Fun & Games
Competitions
Mobile
Money
Sun City
Travel
Poucasts
Sun Blogs
Dear Deidre Video
Sun Local
Bingo
Casino
Poker
Betting
Sun Singles
Sun Shop
WE LOVE IT,
YOU'LL LOVE IT
BIZARRE
News
Hundreds of UFOs in UK
BY ONLINE REPORTER
October 12, 2006
MORE than 700 UFOs have been reported to the Ministry of Defence in the past :
today.
His comments came in a Commons written reply to Liberal Democrat Lynne Feat
"Reports [of UFOs] are analysed solely to consider whether there is any reason t
84 Email to a friend
= Print this story
this pace
Not Scanned
http://www.thesun.co.uk/article/0,,2-2006470581,00.html
20/10/2006

===== PAGE 469 =====
{"alpha_words": 86, "chars": 641, "method": "ocr", "page": 469, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Повин
HABES
From: Section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
Spalding
Lincolnshire
lection 4
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
6 October 2006
Dear
Section 40
focal point within the Ministry of Defence for correspondence relating to 'UFOs.'
resources if we were to do so.
existence of these alleged phenomena.
or night. There must be some other explanation for what you saw.
Sorry I could not be any help.
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 470 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1600, "method": "ocr", "page": 470, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO BE GIVEN PRIORITY AT ALL TIMES
Page 1 of 2
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Co:
Section 40
03 October 2006 12:04
ection 40
Section 40
DAS-Secretariat
40
DIl: DAS-Sec e-mail:
secti
@mod.uk
From: Ministerial Correspondence
Sent: 03 October 2006 12:02
To: DAS-Sec; Low Flying
Subject: Internet-Authorised: Treat Official Correspondence: T006372/2006
TREAT OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE - TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY
To:
DAS Sec
Our Reference:
Due Date:
T006372/2006
23 October 2006
The Rt Hon Des Browne MP has received the attached correspondence from a member of
the public, which this office has neither retained nor acknowledged. Please send a reply on
behalf of the PM/Minister/Department.
exceptionally, this should prove impossible, an interim reply should be sent within the
same timescale. You should be aware that No 10 periodically calls for a sample of letters
sent by officials on the PM's behalf for his perusal.
Most correspondence involves some form of request for information - even if it is only a
the correspondence requests information which is not already in the public domain, and
the Access to Information toolkit, and comply with the separate FOI guidance from DG Info
correspondence will still apply. If you are in any doubt as to whether a piece of
correspondence should be treated as an FOIA request, you should ask your FOI Focal Point
or refer to the guidance produced by DG Info.
correspondence received from members of the public, though the Parliamentary
via Ministerial-Correspondence@mod.uk) of the date of your reply so that the
record can be closed on the Toolkit.
03/10/2006

===== PAGE 471 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 415, "method": "ocr", "page": 471, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
‘TOBE GIVEN PRIORITY AT ALL TIMES | : Page 2 of 2

, iled guidance on handling TO Correspondence can be found on the Defence Intranet at
http://main.defence.mod.uk/min_parl/ParlBrch/TOGuid.htm. If you do not have access to
the Intranet, please inform the Ministerial Correspondence Unit.

Email: Ministerial-Correspondence@mod.uk

Regards, |

MOD Parliamentary Branch |
Ministerial Correspondence Unit

03/10/2006

===== PAGE 472 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1652, "method": "ocr", "page": 472, "variant": "plain-vision"}
T006372 2006 - 20061003120121 - Section 40
From: feedback@www.mod.uk
Sent: 29 September 2006 16:04
To: Ministers
Subject: Ask a Minister
Below is the result of your feedback form. It was submitted on Friday,
september 29,
2006 at 16:03:34
txtfirstname
Section
40
txtlastname:
txtsubject:
RE: 'Men In Black' visitation.
section 40
txtaddress1:
txtaddress2:
txttowncity: spalding
txtstatecountry: Lincolnshire
txtzipcodepostcode: Section 40
txtcountry: United Kingdom
txtemai lAddress: Section 40
txtrequest: Recently a very close friend of mine had an encounter of a possible
alien space craft. He reported it to the local police and was considering
reporting it to higher
authorities.
However his decision was made up for him. I was round my ciose triends house in
early hours of the morning
and i was in the downstairs tiolet.
through the gack or to the door and away tall a that uals with dare hair
to move silently.
treme beacon. At his point f was very scared, I thought they were robbers.
I followed them as silently as possible. They were talking to my friend about
something in his bedroom i
I then went and asked my triend what this was all about as they appeared not to
lack tolen anything. не didnt recall anything to do with seeing any Men in
confusing them with dreams And on suffer from high reels of electithout
confusing them with dreams. And i
This visit for and secondly for my ew Fingers ase what af
this visit for?
fear in the early hours of that morning.
I don't know what happened but my friend now is unable to recall encountering a
UFO in the first place.
the MOD to silence my freina 01
silince him of any alien contact?
Page 1

===== PAGE 473 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 265, "method": "ocr", "page": 473, "variant": "plain-vision"}
т006372 2006 - 20061003120121 -
Section 40
m sure i'm one of many people who want answers. whatever the case you must
know that if you do know
of
alien existance, it will be released to the public
soon. Its only a matter of time.
Yours sincerely,
section 40
Page 2

===== PAGE 474 =====
{"alpha_words": 125, "chars": 849, "method": "ocr", "page": 474, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Section 40
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
Wirral
Cheshire
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
2 October 2006
Dear Section 40
First, it may be helpful if I explain that the Ministry of Defence examines any reports of
'unidentified flying objects' it receives solely to establish whether what was seen might have some
defence significance; namely, whether there is any evidence that the United Kingdom's airspace
found for them if resources were diverted for this purpose, but it is not the function of the MOD to
resources if we were to do so.
existence of these alleged phenomena.
letter will be placed on our files.
Sorry I could not be any help.
Yours sincerely
Section 40|

===== PAGE 475 =====
{"alpha_words": 62, "chars": 394, "method": "ocr", "page": 475, "variant": "plain-vision"}
25/1
doб".
Section 40
DAS
102No
2 8 SEP 2006
FILE
Section 40
Winal,
Cheshire,
Section 40
Section 40|
Dear
understard that four,
Section desk with aromatont gie en
ak it Were Taling that at lead elate,
That Wheat 1'
Might be of Some Patters-Plectrum
use.
must admit to alwaus
of a tortear which
undestard as WeariNg
WaNt
beleve, but show me the
beef
Ini
Jainy Suse, that it was New Yens
5: 7•0.

===== PAGE 476 =====
{"alpha_words": 53, "chars": 354, "method": "ocr", "page": 476, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ive 1978 (Or poss. 79). I weat for
wack down i
uddington LaNe win bu
south a ina, with ly lit spardly
f the Nort Wales Lastive.
bime
NS 1 apsoaded
SChool.
to lolah, Primany
4. belame-
aware of a
immediately aber 2t (Not a star er)
tviousm
WASNE
300 lt On thereatorbs aNd
" cisteested, but Sober and
Sceptilat, y Stopped to double and
triple - check
P70.

===== PAGE 477 =====
{"alpha_words": 73, "chars": 413, "method": "ocr", "page": 477, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* ON top or delore.
Mised as the of feet finned Sighter
else
to descuite it-a ZeppeliN - Low
dowN - NO Noise - but with NO Cuppolta
Or Goodyear ete
written on the side.
1 Paid atteNtioN
I Can assure you!
It moved, Jater than I anticipated
In Not Sure.
That 1 was.
to minuter away we doter Knowing
it can fou the TV rose,
That There had been
a Spate a cro.
T-V. NewS
ON a live
we Sightings CoN Mire
+ wales
P.T.O.

===== PAGE 478 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 225, "method": "ocr", "page": 478, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Jen, here you
Thee Von T
the mysterious I ISS
One is the News Lately. You May have
Noticed.
Ini ex-livih Servant, So 1 Know about-
to chede up on, la cragne.
none you Jo your tige and
ding this Missive.
there.
Wer
Section 40

===== PAGE 479 =====
{"alpha_words": 61, "chars": 381, "method": "ocr", "page": 479, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
15
KNEES
Section 40
02 October 2006 00:59
ection 40
to wake up the world of knowledge thieves, then dear God bring it on.
It is 7 and counting.
realize they are not all that.
Amen,
Section 40
http://www.nasanoodles.com
IT
IS NOT INTENDED
To Respong To This As
Maki
NO REQUEST FOR
THE SUBJELT
NOT CLEAR
section 40
DAS fee!
2 OCT 06
02/10/2006

===== PAGE 480 =====
{"alpha_words": 73, "chars": 519, "method": "ocr", "page": 480, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
v
section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
section 40
29 September 2006 15:30
ection 40
Subject: Internet-Authorised: RESPONSE TO E-MAIL OF 14 AUGUST 2006
Deari
section 40
Your e-mail to
Section 40 14 August 2006 has been passed to me to deal with. The
information on what you believe to be a global secret programme has been noted.
However, the MOD does not intend to investigate this matter any further and we consider this correspondence
closed.
Section 40
DAS Sec 1
on 40
MOD Main Building
London
SW1A 2HB
9007/60/67

===== PAGE 481 =====
{"alpha_words": 205, "chars": 1283, "method": "ocr", "page": 481, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
section 40
om:
Sent:
To:
section 40
17 August 2006 10:14
section 40
gov.uk'
on behalf of DAS-UFO-Office
Section 40
I deal with correspondence with the public about 'unidentified flying objects' and naturally we get all kinds of conspiracy
theorists write to us. The person below is based in Texas, USA and originally wrote to me about UFO reports seen in the
Sunderland Echo Newspaper. He has however come back with the attached link regarding emerging technology and
some sort of global secret program. I was about to send an email back saying the MOD is not involved in the sort of
secret program he is suggesting, but I thought I should check this first. The DIS say they are not involved in this sort of
technology, but suggested I contact you to establish this for the rest of the MOD.
I am grateful for any advice you can provide.
Regards
ection
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
TelSection 40
ection 40
@mod.uk
DAS-FOI
From:
ection 40
Sent: 14 August 2006 23:34
To: DAS-UFO-Office
Subject: ONCE AGAIN YOU FAIL TO NOTICE
I did not ask you for information, i did not write to FOIA originaly, i wrote to MOD who fowarded my letter
over to your department which is stuck on stupid. I did not ask for information about UFOs, I was trying to
Section 40
17/08/2006

===== PAGE 482 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1537, "method": "ocr", "page": 482, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 2
Section 40
om:
Sent:
To:
Section 40
15 August 2006 14:33
Section 40
Subject: FW: ONCE AGAIN YOU FAIL TO NOTICE
Section 40
Please see below, the reply from the DIS Subject Matter Expert on Emerging Technologies. The answer is that the DIS
has no involvement in the technologies mentioned on the website, but to ensure the whole of the MoD is covered, you
Section 40
Hope that helps.
Sectio
›n 40
From:
Section 40
Sent: 15 August 2006 14:11
To: Section 40
Subject: RE: ONCE AGAIN YOU FAIL TO NOTICE
secti
40
A number of points:
2. Magnetohydrodynamics is a very general term it is no more anti gravity than aerodynamics.
3. I am not sure there is a clear definition of the Biefield Brown effect but lifting devices (similar in appearance to the
drawing in wikipedia) based on large DC potentials are known and have been investigated by DSTL.
4. If you need more ...
Section 40
From!
Section 40
Sent: 15 August 2006 13:23
To: Section 40|
Cc:
Section
40
I suspect the answer is no, but I have copied this to
similar answer.
Section 40
From:
section 40
On Behalf Of DAS-UFO-Office
Sent: 15 August 2006 08:39
Subject: FW: ONCE AGAIN YOU FAIL TO NOTICE
Section 40
This is the third email I have had from this man. He is in Texas, USA and originally wrote about UFO reports seen in the
Sunderland Echo Newspaper. Please could you have a look at the link he has sent regarding emerging technology.
Bare with it you have to first get past the bit where he just abuses the MOD. With regard to the bit about "Chemtrails", you
17/08/2006

===== PAGE 483 =====
{"alpha_words": 165, "chars": 1008, "method": "ocr", "page": 483, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 2
may be aware that there are those in the US (and sometimes in the UK) that believe the lines they see across the sky are
in fact the Government dropping Chemicals on the population which affects their health, as some kind of experiment.
They are in fact Contrails which are produced by aircraft in certain atmospheric conditions.
I was about to send an email back saying the MOD is not involved in the sort of "global secret program" he is suggesting,
but I thought I should check with you first.
Regards
Section 40
From
lon 4
Sent: 14 August 2006 23:34
To: DAS-UFO-Office
Subject: ONCE AGAIN YOU FAIL TO NOTICE
I did not ask you for information, i did not write to FOIA originaly, i wrote to MOD who fowarded my letter
over to your department which is stuck on stupid. I did not ask for information about UFOs, I was trying to
send them information about a global secret program that is happening over your area.
Section 40
http://www.nasanoodles.com/heres_your_chinese_lanterns.html
17/08/2006

===== PAGE 484 =====
{"alpha_words": 383, "chars": 2137, "method": "ocr", "page": 484, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
Section 40
om:
Sent:
To:
ection 40
13 August 2006 20:18
DAS-UFO-Office
Subject: Dear Section 40
To:
ection 40
Sunday
Ministry of Defence
5in Floor, Zone H
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
I began this out of concern and the brief belief that the MOD seriously was investigating this issue Section 4Ddo not
blame you, you are doing your job and I actually like you for your Chinese lantern response that had me laughing and I
needed to laugh something awtul.
This has been a very painful issue for me because I time and time again realize that I am naive when I think any
government cares what the public concerns are. The UK MOD is your business, I know I live in the USA and this is why i
thought for one second that the MOD was different then the liars here in the USA.
I spent a lot of time on this page for you and began in a nice way and realized I know it is not going to the Ministers of
Defense who are the same kind of coward liars I am dealing with in the USA and I am very angry about it.
I am going to get in touch with the people who initiated my brief naivety about the MOD being truth seekers and inform
them the MOD is the same kind of liars i deal with in the USA like NASA, EPA,DOD, DOE, Congress, Senate, FAA, you
Since I do appreciate you for at least responding and like you as a person who has some humor going for you. Have a
look at the reality your government and governments around the world are covering up and it will not be without a price.
The public is getting angry and we do not like our government or trust them and are beginning to think they are the
cowards and the terrorist. This is the link to the page i spent much time on and then realized, MOD is making a fool out of
me, and it will not be in their best interest to ever play me for a fool again. I will not forget they lied in my face just like the
terrorist corporate cowards we fund in the USA. I watch the House of Commons broadcast and like the people because
they humor me unlike the USA numbskull's who are not even funny when they lie, but I am not laughing about this Ariel
Section 40
Denton, Texas 76201
14/08/2006

===== PAGE 485 =====
{"alpha_words": 144, "chars": 1089, "method": "ocr", "page": 485, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 2
Section 40
om:
Section 40
on behalf of DSTL PTNSection 40
Sent:
31 August 2006 11:30
To:
DAS-FOI
Subject: This mail is Unclassified FW: Emerging Technologies
Section 40
Sorry we have taken so long to respond - AL etc.
Please see message below from Section 40
Regards
Section 40
ection 40
Corporate Secretariat
Dstl
ection
Building 106
Porton Down
Salisbury SP4 OJQ
• (Tel)Section 40
= (Fax
Section 40
Internal
Section 40
gov.uk ‹mailto Section 40
¿ov.uk>
From Section 40
Sent: 31 August 2006 08:19
TO:
Section 40
Subject: RE: Emerging Technologies
Hello
Having spoken toSectidroaCconfirm that Dstl are not involved in a "global secret program in connection with emerging
technologies.
Many thanks
ection 40
From:
section 40
Sent: 17 August 2006 10:55
To: Section 40
Cc:
Subject: FW: Emerging Technologies
on 40
I believe this may be Sectiorare@ In his absence can you please circulate so that a response may be sent via myself to
Regards
Sectio
40
Section 40
Corporate Secretariat
Dstl
ectIO
4Qilding 106
Porton Down
Salisbury SP4 OJQ
Section 40
19/09/2006
Internal
Section 40

===== PAGE 486 =====
{"alpha_words": 210, "chars": 1331, "method": "ocr", "page": 486, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 2
(ґʼах)
ection 40
ection 40
gov.uk <mailto:
Section 40
gov.uk≥
From
ection 40
Sent: 17 August 2006 10:14
To:
ection 40
gov.uk
Subject: Emerging Technologies
@mod.uk] On Behalf Of DAS-UFO-Office
on 40
I deal with correspondence with the public about 'unidentified flying objects' and naturally we get all kinds of conspiracy
theorists write to us. The person below is based in Texas, USA and originally wrote to me about UFO reports seen in the
Sunderland Echo Newspaper. He has however come back with the attached link regarding emerging technology and
some sort of "global secret program". I was about to send an email back saying the MOD is not involved in the sort of
secret program he is suggesting, but I thought I should check this first. The DIS say they are not involved in this sort of
I am grateful for any advice you can provide.
Regards
Section 40
on 40
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
Ter Section 10
@mod.uk
DAS-FOI
From:
ection
Sent: 14 August 2006 23:34
To: DAS-UFO-Office
I did not ask you for information, i did not write to FOIA originaly, i wrote to MOD who fowarded my letter
over to your department which is stuck on stupid. I did not ask for information about UFOs, I was trying to
send them information about a global secret program that is happening over your area.
Section 40
19/09/2006

===== PAGE 487 =====
{"alpha_words": 54, "chars": 422, "method": "ocr", "page": 487, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OSURE
From:
Section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5h Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
e-mail
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
das-ufo-office@mod.uk
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Glasgow
Section 40
Our Reference
D/DAS/64/3
Date
28th September 2006
Dear
Section 40
apologise for the delay in replying.
been placed on file.
Yours sincerely,
Section 40

===== PAGE 488 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 488, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 489 =====
{"alpha_words": 3, "chars": 24, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 489, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
a
PE PTEeRBE KR

200 4.

===== PAGE 490 =====
{"alpha_words": 52, "chars": 326, "method": "ocr", "page": 490, "variant": "plain-vision"}
To
Section 40
C/O MINISTRY OF L
DEFENCE
Fron
Section 40
Trank You For Youn Response To Fict
ReGARDINE OBJECTi OVEN GLASGOWS WEST
END. I HONdITcy DONT THINk THe OBJecTs
ARE NATURAL PHENOMENA SO I AM CONCOnWEA
THAT THE OBJEcTS COULD NOT Be TRAceD
ON RADAR. I AM NOT THINKING AcONE THe
LINES OR V. FOr I WAS THINiCINE THE OBTECT

===== PAGE 491 =====
{"alpha_words": 77, "chars": 425, "method": "ocr", "page": 491, "variant": "plain-vision"}
You SAw AT The Stant Ol THe LAst FILr..
LOOkED VERY MUCH LItO SOME SORT OF
Nuclean Weapon. ActHout In Not An
ExpeRt. Enccosen You Will Find A Filt
I Hr 2. Of FOOtAGe Of VARiOUS OBJects
FILMEn IN 2004. I HAVO PLACED THe TAPE
WHere You See WHat Looks Like SoMe SOre
Of CRAFT ONLY THiS TIME TH OBTECT
Is JusT ABove Rooftops of THe Houres
ALONO GLASGOWS CLYDOrIDE. PLEASO ExCUSE
FILl Is NOT SteADy DuE TO THe ANGLe I WAs FILMING

===== PAGE 492 =====
{"alpha_words": 20, "chars": 122, "method": "ocr", "page": 492, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
A CS6 é MO COLteg Vet TOGK AF t/
org OLzFectr Near TecePrrere
ConmumicATion Wires La The

STALET Teer Was (Aeow Lr Zoe <a

===== PAGE 493 =====
{"alpha_words": 9, "chars": 80, "method": "ocr", "page": 493, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
• coAse RORLy To. I
Section 40
GLASGOW,
Section 40
CONTACŚŘŚÙ
NUMBER
Section 40

===== PAGE 494 =====
{"alpha_words": 48, "chars": 392, "method": "ocr", "page": 494, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LECLOSURA
3
From: Section 40
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Telephone
e-mail
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
020 7218 9000
(Fax)
ection 40
das-ufo-office @mod.uk
Section 40
Preston
Section 40
Our Reference
D/DAS/64/3
Date
21 September 2006
Dear Section 40
Thank you for your recent letter.
formed chalk based bay.
I am returning your original photograph.
I hope this is helpful.
Yours sincerely,
Section 40

===== PAGE 495 =====
{"alpha_words": 1, "chars": 6, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 495, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
tee a

===== PAGE 496 =====
{"alpha_words": 61, "chars": 434, "method": "ocr", "page": 496, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2 5 AUG 2006
Section 40
(EX RAF
Section 40
Section 40
FILE
DAS / 64/3
PRESTON
Section 40
AUG 06
Dear
section
Section 40
I am ex propolsion systens
engineer
Section 40
My stodies,
experiences and condosions, as en
engineer questioning scientitie krauledge,
over ten yeais have loised as many
issues as ansiers but must be sharea
and given direction / realisation.
i) I have had close contact with on
armed disc neck BAe Warton, hancs.

===== PAGE 497 =====
{"alpha_words": 93, "chars": 563, "method": "ocr", "page": 497, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The dise is UK/Us in origin and
1s between 1000 to 3000 metres en chameter.
1 kroe spee details such as nav. liglets /
oppearence, and on .
.. Geruine sightings
con nou be dentitied.
ii) The dise ericaft uses technology not
yet developed. I the ole systens ace
Yet to be made, this gives a choe
as to the starting pout of the nissions
ili) The disc uses a tidd gerecator
powercd by a, recicolatory turbine
energy exchange unt.
iv) The science and theory behind
the aboue propulsion system gives
us a bigger preture of the laws of
nature (physies) and can ansiser

===== PAGE 498 =====
{"alpha_words": 64, "chars": 387, "method": "ocr", "page": 498, "variant": "plain-vision"}
lot of vaduable questions.
eg. I now believe that most at our
'laws of pursics thought to be
universal only aply to limited areas
where the relatue forces are tuxed.
v) I have induded a photo of an crea
called suto-pouts
on Uk lus Air Force
Base Akrotiri. I wondered of amything
is known about this area. In your
opinion is the backgsound landscape
natural ?
Hease repty
Yees Section 40

===== PAGE 499 =====
{"alpha_words": 46, "chars": 370, "method": "ocr", "page": 499, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From: Section 40
ZANTES
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
·on 4
Section 40
Orkney
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
15 September 2006
Dear
section
resources if we were to do so.
identified.
was breached by unauthorised aircraft.
Sorry I could not be any help.
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 500 =====
{"alpha_words": 53, "chars": 334, "method": "ocr", "page": 500, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
| ang our answerphone and left a message saying that he saw a missile being
launched over the Atlantic Sea from a base near Orkney at 20.45L, on the 18 August
2006. |

The missile had a red nose cone and was fired to the North West of Orkney.
A trail vertically came out of the missile. |

His number is Iam

ao:

15. September 2006.

===== PAGE 501 =====
{"alpha_words": 53, "chars": 432, "method": "ocr", "page": 501, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CLOS
From Section 40
KADES
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
Barnham
W Sussex
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
8 September 2006
Dear Section 40
regarding UFOs.
matter that this Department deals with.
I am sorry that I cannot be any help.
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 502 =====
{"alpha_words": 229, "chars": 1617, "method": "ocr", "page": 502, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•TO BE GIVEN PRIORITY AT ALL TIMES
Page 1 of 2
Section 40|
From:
Sent:
To:
Section 40
07 September 2006 10:39
section 40
section 40
DAS-Secretariat
естог
DII: DAS-Sec e-mail‹
Section 40|
@mod.uk
From: Ministerial Correspondence
Sent: 07 September 2006 09:25
To: DAS-Sec
Subject: Internet-Authorised: Treat Official Correspondence: TO05931/2006
TREAT OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE - TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY
To:
Copy To:
Our Reference:
Due Date:
DAS Sec
TO05931/2006
27 September 2006
Official has received the attached correspondence from a member of the public, which this
office has neither retained nor acknowledged. Please send a reply on behalf of the
PM/Minister/Department.
Ministers attach great importance to correspondence being answered promptly, and your
same timescale. You should be aware that No 10 periodically calls for a sample of letters
sent by officials on the PM's behalf for his perusal.
Most correspondence involves some form of request for information - even if it is only a
request for clarification of Government policy - and is therefore covered by the Freedom of
nation Act (FOlA) ros
the correspondence requests information which is not already in the public domain, and
the Access to Information toolkit, and comply with the separate FOI guidance from DG Info
or refer to the guidance produced by DG Info.
correspondence received from members of the public, though the Parliamentary
therefore, can you please notify the Ministerial Correspondence Unit (preferably
via Ministerial-Correspondence@mod.uk) of the date of your reply so that the
record can be closed on the Toolkit.
07/09/2006

===== PAGE 503 =====
{"alpha_words": 60, "chars": 412, "method": "ocr", "page": 503, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO BE GIVEN PRIORITY AT ALL TIMES
Page 2 of 2
Detailed guidance on handling TO Correspondence can be found on the Defence Intranet at
rtp://main.defence.mod.uk/min_parl/PariBrch/TOGuid.htm. If you do not have access to
ne Intranet, please inform the Ministerial Correspondence Unit.
Email: Ministerial-Correspondence@mod.uk
Regards,
MOD Parliamentary Branch
Ministerial Correspondence Unit
Section 40
07/09/2006

===== PAGE 504 =====
{"alpha_words": 24, "chars": 183, "method": "ocr", "page": 504, "variant": "clean-vision"}
The Commanding Officer,
RAF,
% MOD,
cp 690,
Whitehall,
LONDON.
Section 40
Barnham,
W. Susser,
Section 40
3/9/2006
Dear Sir,
I feel that the recent
satellite case have been because of

===== PAGE 505 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 260, "method": "ocr", "page": 505, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
2.
I have had some experiences ne
lasers.
Recently I was setting in the
rammed to the floor and hurt my
head near a staircase. That was
definitely lasers.
May I say how sorry, am
re the accident, We must be more
satellite orientated.
Yours sincerel

===== PAGE 506 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 300, "method": "ocr", "page": 506, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CLOSURE
Dear
Section 40
ufo-das-office e.mail address.
down to natural phenomena.
Hope this is helptul.
Yours sincerely
Section 40
Ministry of Defence
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
5" Floor, Zone H
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
E.mail - das-ufo-office@mod.uk
4/91 do.

===== PAGE 507 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 434, "method": "ocr", "page": 507, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Section 40 aol.com
02 September 2006 18:52
DAS-UFO-Office
Subject: Fwd: Ufo photo's
These were forwarded to me by an associate of mine. These pictures were taken over Heathrow Airport
last Halloween, it lasted for a few hours. Would it be possible for you to have a look and tell me what you
think of them? P.S. have still had no reply to my last FOI request?
Kind Regards Section 40
04/09/2006

===== PAGE 508 =====
{"alpha_words": 56, "chars": 330, "method": "ocr", "page": 508, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 4
Section 40
From:
Section 40
Daol.com
Sent:
26 August 2006 01:09
To:
ection
@aol.com
Subject: Ufo photo's
Hey Sectionit Soothere uhunter lets see if I can send these pics to you ok, let me know if they come out ok and indeed what
you think about the images, cheers (see how it changes shape from pic to pic)
04/09/2006

===== PAGE 509 =====
{"alpha_words": 2, "chars": 24, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 509, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 4
04/09/200ćł

===== PAGE 510 =====
{"alpha_words": 3, "chars": 29, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 510, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Thos Page 3 of 4

04/09/2006

===== PAGE 511 =====
{"alpha_words": 3, "chars": 31, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 511, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
mee  - Page 4 of 4

04/09/2006

===== PAGE 512 =====
{"alpha_words": 177, "chars": 1132, "method": "ocr", "page": 512, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dear
ection 4C
of which you passed to our das-ufo-office e.mail address. This office is the focal point within
replying.
First, it may be helpful if I explain that the Ministry of Defence examines any reports of
'unidentified flying objects' it receives solely to establish whether what was seen might have
some defence significance; namely, whether there is any evidence that the United Kingdom's
airspace might have been compromised by hostile or unauthorised air activity. Unless there is
evidence of a potential threat to the United Kingdom from an external source, and to date no
an inappropriate use of defence resources if we were to do so.
With regard to there being similar sightings in recent times to your sighting in 1996, we get
sightings of all descriptions to this Department, so there could be a similar sighting to yours in
information in comparison to your sighting on the 9 June 1996.
Sorry I could not be any help.
Yours sincerely
section 4
Ministry of Defence
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
5th Floor, Zone H
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
E.mail - das-ufo-office @ mod.uk
1/9/06.

===== PAGE 513 =====
{"alpha_words": 211, "chars": 1354, "method": "ocr", "page": 513, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Section 40
29 August 2006 08:19
on behalf of DAS-UFO-Office
FW: June 1996 oval daylight UFO
Section 40
Please respond to this.
Thanks
Section 40
-Original Message-
FrOm:
ction 40
Sent: 26 August 2006 10:44
To: DAS-UFO-Office
Subject: June 1996 oval daylight UFO
Dear sir/madam
I am writing to tell you of a clear ufo sighting i had on the south downs overlooking
Eastbourne on the 9th
It was a white ovoid 'object' that was travelling North-South, at approx. 100-150
mph, at 1000 feet.The wind was westerly at the time, sky quite clear.I could clearly
tell that
it was no aircraft/bird/balloon etc.
I had it in view for about a minute.It disapeared over the channel (attributable to
distance).
The object had a curious softness to it,not a hard sharp egg shape but like wet cotton
wool that had been compressed in one hand into an rugby ball shape.No sound was heard.
I know its took me a while to report this, but i was wondering if there was anything
similar sighted at the time, or at all in recent times.The closest comparison i have
seen is on video footage(UFO compilation video-UFO MAGAZINE-Stirling, Scotland, 1999) of
an object that passes across the screen (camera obv.set up stationary).
Thanks for your help
Your's sincerely
Section 40
The F2W Network - something for the whole family !!http://www.f2w.net

===== PAGE 514 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 1696, "method": "ocr", "page": 514, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8
LUMBES
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
section 40
22 August 2006 15:08
ection 40
Subject: Internet-Authorised: UFOs.
Dear Sir,
correspondence relating to 'UFO's. Sorry for the delay in replying.
First, it may be helpful if I explain that the Ministry of Defence examines any reports of 'unidentified flying
objects' it receives solely to establish whether what was seen might have some defence significance; namely,
whether there is any evidence that the United Kingdom's airspace might have been compromised by hostile
or unauthorised air activity. Unless there is evidence of a potential threat to the United Kingdom from an
external source, and to date no 'UFO' report has revealed such evidence, we do not attempt to identify the
precise nature of each sighting reported to us. We believe that rational explanations, such as aircraft lights or
natural phenomena, could be found for them if resources were diverted for this purpose, but it is not the
function of the MOD to provide this kind of aerial identification service. It would be an inappropriate use of
defence resources if we were to do so.
The MOD does not have any expertise or role in respect of 'UFO/flying saucer' matters to the question of the
existence or otherwise of extraterrestrial life forms, about which it remains totally open-minded. I should add
that to date, the MOD knows of no evidence which substantiates the existence of these alleged phenomena.
information or photographs of UFOs, as the MOD does not attempt to identify reports of UFOs that the public
sends to us.
Yours sincerely
Section 41
Ministry of Defence
5n Floor, Zone H
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
E.mail - das-ufo-office @ mod.uk
22/08/2006

===== PAGE 515 =====
{"alpha_words": 187, "chars": 1084, "method": "ocr", "page": 515, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
. * | Page 1 of 1

Sent: 08 August 2006 06:37
To: DAS-UFO-Office

Hello I saw your request for more info on the H.B.C.C.U.F.0..COM Web site on orange glowing
like ufo.I have some interesting pics I would like to share with you.I must say that My pics are
copyright protected and must be respected!The pics were taken last year and beginning of this

year. They still are showing up here but not as frequent?But have been seen again this past week.The
pictures were taken at night no flash just infra red, The camera is a fuji fine pix 4900 4.9 megapixels
with 6 x zoom with another a 2 x zoom + adapter. When these were filmed the zoom was extended all
the way.I have a movie short capability and you must also see that o web site
Hbccufo.com Piease look under spotsylvania ,co.( Virginia) ufo Iam sending you my pies to use as
study material?They were taken at night only and no enhancements made,They are as the camera
saw.To show my zoom strength In the last ot isa fA of the full moon?Please let me know what you

think of them.I have more?My name is iladdressis Thx

09/08/2006

===== PAGE 516 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 2633, "method": "ocr", "page": 516, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 2
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Section 40
23 August 2006 02:36
ection 40
Subject: RE: UFOs.
Ok I am very sorry I got the web address for your location thru another web page rense.com or
H.B.C.C.U.F.O.? in error?Please destroy the pics received from me?All my material and photos are
copyright protected,Please do not use. I thought the person named in the web page wanted this
claim for research. Thx for your time and responding.Sincerly
Section 40
From Section 40
To:
pmod.uk>
ection 40
Subject: UFOS.
Date: Tue, 22 Aug 2006 15:07:51 +0100
Received: from outbound.public.mod.uk ([82.110.109.201]) by bay0-mc2-f4.bayo.hotmail.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC
(6.0.3790.2444); Tue, 22 Aug 2006 07:09:25 -0700
Received: from outbound.earth.public.mod.ukby outbound.public.mod.uk with ESMTP id k7ME90Ma001445 for
>; Tue, 22 Aug 2006 14:09:24 GMT
Dear Sir,
I am writing concerning your e.mail and attached photographs of 'UFO's that you sent on the 8 August
2006, to our das-ufo-office e.mail address. This office is the focal point within the Ministry of Defence for
First, it may be helpful if I explain that the Ministry of Defence examines any reports of 'unidentified flying
objects' it receives solely to establish whether what was seen might have some defence significance;
namely, whether there is any evidence that the United Kingdom's airspace might have been compromised
by hostile or unauthorised air activity. Unless there is evidence of a potential threat to the United Kingdom
from an external source, and to date no 'UFO' report has revealed such evidence, we do not attempt to
identify the precise nature of each sighting reported to us. We believe that rational explanations, such as
aircraft lights or natural phenomena, could be found for them if resources were diverted for this purpose, but
it is not the function of the MOD to provide this kind of aerial identification service. It would be an
The MOD does not have any expertise or role in respect of 'UFO/flying saucer' matters to the question of
the existence or otherwise of extraterrestrial life forms, about which it remains totally open-minded. I should
add that to date, the MOD knows of no evidence which substantiates the existence of these alleged
phenomena.
Finally, with regard to the photographs you sent to us, thank you, but this department did not request
information or photographs of UFOs, as the MOD does not attempt to identify reports of UFOs that the
public sends to us.
Yours sincerely
Section ‹
Ministry of Defence
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
5th Floor, Zone H
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
01/09/2006

===== PAGE 517 =====
{"alpha_words": 281, "chars": 1838, "method": "ocr", "page": 517, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ạiPaul Schroeder Story
Section 40
Page 1 of 2
iwasabducted.com
Paul Schroeder Story
contents in this section ©2002 Paul Schroeder used by permission
About Me: by Paul Schroeder
As an abductee for my whole life I have stumbled
through unknowingness to suspicion to resistance and
otter rare insights and advice to detect and thwart alien
soul and body tampering Degrees & Certifications
published widely and recognized as an eloquent note in
the chorus of barbaric yawps conceming experts
whove never seen or confronted these mynad entities,
personally for 45 years.
At night, your astral body travels to realms from angelic
to demonic, a spirit world of mynad vibration levels and
the pictures you see on the backs of your eyelids, while
you R.E.M., are not dreams but visits, souvenirs of a
greater reality. Like a goldfish who never suspects a
greater world beyond the ponds surface, the limited
awareness of humankind floats beneath the surface of
a greater reality; groping, mouth agape in total
ignorance.
Aliens have talled to hybridize, and now invade astrally
reincarnation roller coaster of our auras giving a new meaning to a silent
just
in
hunts mushrooms, breeds native giant silk moths, and teaches.
entities since I was a young child living on Shore Road in Brooklyn until my later
years as a resident of Long Island; and I am convinced that many others have
also struggled to assess and grasp similar indigestible experiences which
aliens flaat me out of my body, in my bed, at night. Then I knew they were
interested in an essence I never suspected I had: a soul.
A Tapping ...
Tactica and Motives of Grey Aliens
Mind Control and Hypnosis, Part 1
Mind Control and Hypnosis, Part 2
Mind Control and Hypnosis, Part 3
Vague and Vivid Snippets of Memory (Excerpt from Part 2)
http://www.iwasabducted.com/schroeder/
21/08/2006

===== PAGE 518 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 329, "method": "ocr", "page": 518, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
%

* Paul Schroeder Story

The ‘Jinns' (Excerot from Parts 2 and 3)
@ Tinkerbell (Excerpt from Part 3)

_ Alarm Clock Demons

| Archived Reports | Main Menu |

Content that is contributed by our visitors may not necessarily reflect the viewpoints of this website.

http://www.iwasabducted.com/schroeder/

Page 2 of 2

21/08/2006

===== PAGE 519 =====
{"alpha_words": 226, "chars": 1504, "method": "ocr", "page": 519, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* Vague and Vivid Snip-pits of Memory
Page 1 of 7
Vague and Vivid Snip-pits of Memory
by Paul Schroeder
I am the priest and all is true; the experiences were dreamlike in nature because there is no
other way to describe the astral-surreal limited awareness at the time; unfurling these vague
and vivid snip-pits of memory revealed my knowing more than I knew, consciously ,or what it
confront repressed fear, avoidance, or directives to forget, and allow direct conversation with
the unconscious. By hypnotic suggestion, the body would answer, meaningfully, even if one fell
asleep.
Doctor: "Let's begin; can we talk about his bad dreams?"
Priest: (film shows quick flash of thumb;) "Yes"
consciousness, recall what happened, that afternoon. Show me that you begin by moving the
"y% & inger, and the end of that recall by moving the "no" finger."
Priest: (film shows "yes" and "no" twitches)
Doctor: "Good; started and ended. Is there any unconscious, additional information, the father
has not remembered concerning that afternoonạẠạ
Priest: (finger twitches quickly with the "yes" thumb movement)
Doctor: "What happened? See it remotely, as if you're in a projector booth, watching yourself,
on a screen; what happened?"
Priest: (increasing stress) "I don't want to answer digit", pinky, signal.
feeling?"
Priest: (more negative finger) Movements with agonized breath.
in control; are you reluctant to talk about it because it's too upsetting?"
Priest: Film records positive finger movement
21/08/2006

===== PAGE 520 =====
{"alpha_words": 212, "chars": 1339, "method": "ocr", "page": 520, "variant": "plain-vision"}
' Vague and Vivid Snip-pits of Memory
Page 2 of 7
Priest: Film shows a "yes" twitch.
Doctor: "A still slide projected on a faraway screen; you're up in the projection booth watching
the father in the theatre."
are not normal."
Doctor: "Look closer; what else do you notice?"
the relief that the face is gone. Now I have a question for your unconscious to answer by finger
Priest: (records a quick "no" answer)
Doctor: "Now what happened, later, that night, when you felt, sensed something by your bed?
Was there anything done to the father, physically during that timeại
clothes", sadly "They took my priestly vestments".
Doctor: "Who did?"
reaction.
Doctor: "Is the "no" for then, or now? You keep shaking your head "no" '
Priest: "For now".
Doctor: You don't want to talk about it?
Priest: "No".
Priest: "No".
Doctor: "Do you want to remember it some other day?"
Priest: "No".
Doctor: "Below consciousness, I want to ask your hand some questions. Hand in the course of
that encounter, did the father leave the house?"
Priest: Thumb, positive finger response, "yes".
Doctor: "Was he removed from the house?"
Priest: (another "yes" response)
Doctor: "Would it be all right for him to remember the things that happened?"
Priest: (an animated "no" response)
http://www.theforbiddenknowledge.com/hardtruth/vague_and_vivid_snip.htm
21/08/2006

===== PAGE 521 =====
{"alpha_words": 475, "chars": 2637, "method": "ocr", "page": 521, "variant": "plain-vision"}
' Vague and Vivid Snip-pits of Memory
Page 3 of 7
what he sawẠại
Priest: The little finger jumps repeatedly with "I don't want to answer" response. (Slowly) I
want to see what happened.
Doctor: "Repeat that, please, say it again".
Priest: "I want to see what happened".
Doctor: "To avoid reliving; you do not have to relive the experience, speak of the priest as
"He", it is not you, but a picture".
entering a large carrier ship."
He knows that it is night but the fields and countryside below are lit up as though it were day
but he knows it's night because he is dreaming. For a few brief seconds he sees the green
granular nature of the trees below and a visual exhilaration of flying combined with a sense of
peace and happiness. He marvels at the texture and color and his movement above it.
He is dreaming but he is awake.
He is told by a tour guide, who is always just out of sight, that he is to wait on line for a tour of
the insides of a country estate. He is numb and is dreaming. But he feels that he is awake.
clutch what looks like brochures and move slowly in a single line, towards the country estate.
He feels bored, but he is mildly interested. A ticket taker sits at the entrance way, on a stool
behind a lectern; He is a slim teenager but as he looks, he turns into a kindly old man.
Everyone is awake but dreaming.
Inside is a waiting room; a dull, white room with no adornments and a black floor. Inside, a
dozen or so middle aged men pace nervously. Some speak in brief low voiced non-sequitors
and look worried. Some of the men move towards a buffet table, strangely empty of food or
hand and makes furtive eye contact.
The tour guide, who always remains out of view, now tells him that it is a cocktail party. He
senses an uncomfortable corporate uneasiness in each face that repels him from the room. He
thinks to himself: I'd like to find the hosts of this party and give them a piece of my mind; no
As he starts off to look for the host with that thought in mind, he is slapped with an emotional
wave of terror and remorse. It is the tour guide again who tells him it would not be a good
idea to insult the host. In the dream, he asks himself, why would it scare me to insult the host
if I have no idea who the host is? But he has the feeling of having averted jeopardy, he quickly
dismissed the idea.
He blinks and looks again; many hold and drink from invisible cups and are half dressed. Each
man is in an unhappy jittery dream. He is quickly overwhelmed with the feeling of not
belonging in that room.
Although the tour guide is watching, he sneaks out into another less crowded smaller room.
21/08/2006

===== PAGE 522 =====
{"alpha_words": 353, "chars": 2046, "method": "ocr", "page": 522, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Vague and Vivid Snip-pits of Memory
Page 4 of 7
_Free-ego-child-wild and mischievous glee overcomes him. He drops and darts under a table
whose tablecloth drops to a few inches above the floor. He is underneath. He is hiding. No one
knows. Again he is suddenly gripped with a joyful childishness that forces his eyes and mouth
into contorted joy.
sides by white cloth. Someone is about to pull the tablecloth up and find him; the tips of black
in a guided tour, dreaming awake.
room at the top of the stairs.
Someone in front of him dreams, wakes up dreaming. He looks to his right as he climbs by an
He is slowly climbing, feeling very numb. He pauses, stopping the line of climbing people and
places his arms on a curved railing where the staircase meets the bottom of the window.
Cupping his chin on his hands, he tried to understand what he was seeing but he was so
numbed that what he saw didn't affect him, emotionally.
Outside is blackness. The Earth and the Moon are far to the right portion of the glass, the
Earth swimming in blue-white haze, except for a large red area which he saw as the desert of
North Africa, or the Arabian peninsula. Far away, violet splashes of nebulae and points of red
pinpoint starlight intersperse with millions of white stars.
Chin in hands, he leaned over and said in a sad, wistful, admiring tone, "These people who live
at this estate have some view; "wow what a view!"
The tour guide, always just out of view, was startled and quickly changed the scene to that of
a uni-dimentional English garden landscape.
chin in hands, still looking out of the window, he said again, but this time looking at the
garden landscape, They do have a nice view."
The tour guide was startled to hear him repeat, and not realizing that the scene of the garden
had already worked to distract him, over reacted.
He was thrown into a vivid emotional ecstasy.
away from the window.
tingling through his skin, thrilled him.
The sleeping line of climbing people was stopped by his fawning and repeated examination of
21/08/2006

===== PAGE 523 =====
{"alpha_words": 496, "chars": 2750, "method": "ocr", "page": 523, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Vague and Vivid Snip-pits of Memory
Page 5 of 7
said in his head, "just keep going; it will be there for you to see when you get back." But
when he returns.
The guide had made the staircase the unrightfully recipient of the awe, rather then the scene
outside the window, so that he would not remember; but when he woke he did remember.
He awoke exhausted, with a dull headache and a nose bleed; more tired getting up than he
had been going to bed.
He opened the door, slowly and peeked down the hall; there was no one in evidence. He threw
on his red-striped, tattered bathrobe, full of holes, and barefoot, stole out into the hallway,
leaving his door barely ajar. He went to the stairwell; chose the second floor, and peeked up
and down the hallway from his vantage point behind a hinge of the stairway door. It was five
fifteen a.m. He bolted quickly down the hall and turning quickly in reverse, in three swift
He heard, in his head a voice and a buzz. It was a slight ring in his left ear. that odd inner ear
ringing tone, one hears sometimes for no apparent reason. Concentrate on it, it gets louder;
pay no attention, it dissipates. The ringing in his ear got louder and he shook his head to stop
it. It was, he thought, clanging loud enough for the neighbors to hear it coming from his head.
He wildly moved his head to stop it. It grew louder. The sound moved deeper into his head and
He heard a voice which began quietly, but he couldn't understand anything, not a single word.
He began to pray silently to St. Jude, as he stood there alone with a voice grinding out sounds
in his head. His heart pounded and his jaw fell slightly open as the stolen groceries fell from
his grasp to the floor. He held his hands to his ears, supporting his head, and tried not to
scream and run.
He thought people in insane asylums who heard voices could be like him or him like them.
He was climbing to the small room at the top of the ladder. He was dreaming awake.
the drums from the drill team seemed miles away. He and she had left the game and now sat
brown hair brushed his face; coquettish liquid dark eyes looked deeply into his. He returned
her gaze with a passionate, loving sensuality. She held his hand; it was cool and slender. A
mysterious and provocative incense coursed through his blood and made him dizzy with desire
lust.
She suddenly stiffened and withdrew, and he sensed a wave of disgust and disdain from her
She withdrew, backwards into the blackness. The girl in his dream stared at him; in her hands
was a funnel-shaped cup, attached to a tube receptacle. He was hurt and puzzled and saidẠIs
that all, Is that all you want?"
Before the darkness came and swallowed him he realized that her coldness was the coldness of
21/08/2006

===== PAGE 524 =====
{"alpha_words": 544, "chars": 3287, "method": "ocr", "page": 524, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Vague and Vivid Snip-pits of Memory
Page 6 of 7
one running an experiment; caring more about the outcome then the methods used.
• Even though he was dreaming he knew he was awake and he struggled with a feeling if
registered his emotional responses, categorizing, summarizing, analyzing and judging him. The
measurement exam which had more subtle discernment and calibration of the soul than any
earthbound measurement.
The creature stared directly into the priest's eyes and induced a delusional thought system; a
gauntlet of nightmares, a funhouse of terrors. A series of three-dimensional scenarios in
crystal clear virtual reality were projected into the priest's mind. His reactions, nuances of
feelings to the projected visions, were carefully registered and recorded. The aliens had
already found a genetic site for dysocial psychopaths and for people of moral goodness.
First he was pushed into a small room with white walls and a red. bloody, gory floor. In the
center of the room, back to the viewer were two butchers, white coats splashed with blood,
busily chopping infants into butcher cuts. He was urged to enter the room but his mind
rebelled in horror and fear and he refused. The horror of the chopped infants saddened him,
name could bring himself to do such an evil thingại
He was thrust into another scene; a rubble-strewn street with burnt shells of vehicles, some
upside down surrounded by shells of fragmented buildings which were precariously perched. In
the background smoke and flame issued all around. At his feet, injured, partly buried in the
rubble was a frail old woman with a kerchief covering her head. She weakly jestered for help.
He knelt beside her, but his eyes were on the building above him which began to weaken and
from the scene, leaving her behind. He is stricken with grief and guilt over the decision, but he
feels grateful for having escaped unscathed.
All of this is carefully registered and recorded. Again he is thrust into another scene, the small,
dark creature staring fixedly into his eyes. He hears the repeated cracking sound of a whip on
Shrieks and howis in loud, deep agony accompany satanic laughter. Fear crawls down his arms
black hair is writhing in pain, chained by arms and legs to a wall-mounted wood cross. A black-
splatter the walls at each stroke.
Next, a thick-bodied, squat, gangster-type sat at a table playing solitaire. With a growl rich
and deep with menace he picked up a hand gun and told the priest that he was going to kill
him. The priest nodded in silent placation and tacit agreement. The gangster, never taking his
eyes from his cards placed the gun at the far end of the table close to the priest. The killer
assured the priest that no matter what the priest did, he would definitely murder him. He was
urged to go for the gun. The priest's mind eye measured the distance between the gangster's
hand and the gun and his own relative distance from the gun; he decided it was probably a
trap and did not go for the gun.
The next scenario - a beautiful woman, a Hollywood femme fatale with short skirt, long white
gloves, very long legs and dark hair told him that she was in danger and needed him to go
promised him her body if he would help her. He abjectly refused. The alien introduced a
21/08/2006

===== PAGE 525 =====
{"alpha_words": 216, "chars": 1286, "method": "ocr", "page": 525, "variant": "plain-vision"}
: * Vague and Vivid Snip-pits of Memory
Page 7 of 7
promissory image of her long limbs lasciviously intertwined with his. He still refused.
The next psychic measurement was for honesty and guilt; he was left in a room with money
piled high on a table. He was urged to fill his cassock pockets and he did. He as made to feel
the slow burn of shame.
spacecraft drained and exhausted. At this point the alien applied an artistic touch to the
delusion. It gave closure and diverted the priest's mind, but it also mercifully alleviated his
soul's suffering. Each main character from each scenario filed in one by one with knowing
smiles and sat at a table in front of him. He was at the center of a "Mission Impossible"
scenario.
With the dawning realization that these people were simply players, conspiring to fool him, two
things happened; surprise at the complexity of the dream, and awe, at the enormity of the
staging, by seeming strangers. This revelation replaced the angst this series of visions had
provoked. It also underlined the alien's total duplicity; when the alien saw the priest's slow
smile and lightening of spirit he brought him out of the delusion and back into blackness. When
his alarm rang, he swung his feet onto the floor.
babies; horrible dream."
Home
21/08/2006

===== PAGE 526 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2454, "method": "ocr", "page": 526, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
FromẠiỊi
Se
To:
section 40|
14 August 2006 11:47
ection 40
GAURS
Page 1 of 1
LUMBER
Dear
ection 40
Browne, regarding extraterrestrial phenomena (commonly known as UFOs) and requesting support for "The
First, it may be helpful if I explain that the Ministry of Defence has no expertise or role in respect of the
existence or otherwise of extraterrestrial lifeforms. The MOD examines any reports of sightings solely to
establish whether what was seen might have some defence significance. The MOD's only concern therefore is
to establish whether there is any evidence that the United Kingdom's airspace might have been compromised
maintained through continuous surveillance of the UK Air Policing Area by the Royal Air Force, and the MOD
remains vigilant for any potential threat. Unless there is evidence of a potential threat to the United Kingdom
from an external military or terrorist source, and to date no UFO reported to us has revealed such a threat, we
do not attempt to identify the precise nature of each sighting. We believe that rational explanations, such as
aircraft lights or unusual meteorological events, could be found for them if resources were diverted for this
involved with extra-terrestrial lifeforms. The MOD remains open minded, but to date we know of no evidence
which substantiates the existence of such phenomena and the MOD certainly holds no evidence of retrieved
alien craft or beings. You have suggested that the MOD keeps information about UFO sightings secret, but I
can assure you that the MOD has for many years explained our role in this matter to members of the public and
frequently releases information into The National Archives, our own Publication Scheme and also in relation to
Freedom of Information requests that we receive. If you would like to view some of the information already
available this can be found at http://www.mod.uk./Defencelnternet/FreedomOfInformation/PublicationScheme.
Details of information open for viewing at The National Archives can be found on their website at
www.nationalarchives.gov.uk.
The MOD is satisfied that the procedures we have in place for examination of the UFO reports which we
receive is sufficient for our defence purposes and we therefore have no need to hold the kind of "open hearings"
you are suggesting.
Yours sincerely,
Section 40
Section 40
Ministry of Defence
tion 40
Main Building
Whitehall
LONDON
SW1A 2HB
e-mail:das-ufo-office@mod.uk
14/08/2006

===== PAGE 527 =====
{"alpha_words": 172, "chars": 1151, "method": "ocr", "page": 527, "variant": "plain-vision"}
** TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY **
To
cC.
** TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY **
102NO--
1 0 AUG 2006
FILE
Low flying/UFOS/
TREAT OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE Emai
DAS (LA) P+P
TO Ref No 54/0
M/2006
Date
10-8-2006
acknowledged. Please send a reply on behalf of the PM/Minister/Department*.
impossible, an interim reply should be sent within the same timescale. You should be aware that
perusal.
** TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY **
should ask your FOI Focal Point or refer to the guidance produced by DG Info.
It is vital that branches ensure they have simple systems to record and track correspondence
2000 Service Delivery Agreement for the Ministry of Defence.
As part of our monitoring procedure, random spot checks on the accuracy of your branch
records on correspondence will be performed throughout the year.
Ministerial Correspondence Unit
Floor 5, Zone A, Main Building, Whitehall, SW1A 2HB
Section 40
section 40
Detailed guidance on handling TO Correspondence can be found on the Defence Intranet at http://main.defence.mod.uk/min_parl/ParlBrch/TOGuid.htm
** TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY **
* Delete as appropriate.
INVESTOR IN PEOPLE
Revised January 2006

===== PAGE 528 =====
{"alpha_words": 292, "chars": 2076, "method": "ocr", "page": 528, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
From:
Sert
To.
Subject:
BROWNE, Des [BrowneD@parliament.uk]
08 August 2006 14:01
Defence Secretary
FW: U.F.O.s
Treat Otteiel
Something to make you smile!
The Truth is Out There ...
Way, way OUT there!
From:
SCOLO 06 August 2006 00:15
Sent:
To: BROWNE, Des
Subject: U.F.O.s
On Behalf Of
n 40
Your MP : Rt Hon Des Browne
Section 40
Postal code : Section 40
Postal address : Section 40
South Shields
Tyne and Wear
Email address : Section 40
The National Archives
Email from Defence Minister Des Browne t
o secretary, 6 August 2006, forwarding em
ail from constituent on the Disclosure Proje
ct.
This person is NOT in your constituency
Message :
Dear Mr Browne
I am asking for your investigation and support regarding the following documented
evidence and witness testimonies. You may be aware of the Disclosure Project
(www.disclosureproject.org). The carefully researched facts, including government
witnesses, documents, and video which I will gladly provide you upon your request,
present irrefutable evidence that these extraterrestrial civilizations exist and are
not hostile.
The following witnesses have personal knowledge and documented evidence
and are only a few of the hundreds who are willing to testify in full regarding their
involvment in these matters.
John Callahan, FAA Division Chief, tells about a Japanese 747 flight over Alaska that
was followed by a UFO four times its size for 31 minutes, with full data recorded.
There was visual confirmation and both air-based and ground-based radar confirmation.
The FAA Administrator, Admiral Engen, held a briefing to view all the materials.
The CIA representatives at the meeting swore everyone to secrecy and confiscated the
Captain Robert Salas, USAF SAC Launch Controller, describes an incident on March 16,
1967 in which 16 nuclear missiles at two different launch facilities simultaneously
became non-operational, immediately after guards saw red glowing UFOs hovering 30 feet
away. The Air Force Office of Special Investigations classified the event and required
him to sign a non-disclosure form.

===== PAGE 529 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1781, "method": "ocr", "page": 529, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Brigadier General Stephen Lovekin, served under President Eisenhower in
states he was once shown a piece of metallic extraterrestrial debris taken from
the 1947 Roswell crash.
lost oversight of the UFO situation to the industrial military complex.
Facts about UFOs and extraterrestrial life have been systematically withheld from the
British and American people via a
conscious program of government denial,
disinformation, and ridicule. This withheld information could have a profound positive
impact on the current energy crisis, healthcare, pollution, and other environmental
challenges.
There is strong evidence that weapons have been deployed and have destroyed
Sgt. Clifford Stone, US Army, and Master Sergeant Dan Morris, USAF NRO Operative, have
been involved in such a program and are willing to testify. Taxpayer funds amounting
to billions of dollars/pounds without legally required governmental oversight, have
been applied to Unacknowledged Special Access Projects related to UFOs. Denise
Mckenzie, former SAIC employee, has personal knowledge of this illegal
misappropriation of funds and is willing to testify. when such evidence is revealed,
and there is no response from the British Government or the American Government to
investigate and hold hearings on these topics it is most troubling to me as a
taxpayer. we can no longer ignore the fact that we are not alone in the universe, and
we cannot allow control of that information and associated funding to continue to
escape Govermental oversight.
For these reasons, I am urging that you, as an elected representative of the British
People,
to support open hearings on the UFO subject and support legislation to ban
space-based weapons. Please let me know your position on this issue.
Respectfully,
Section 40
2

===== PAGE 530 =====
{"alpha_words": 173, "chars": 1117, "method": "ocr", "page": 530, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5
VER
Dear
ection
I am writing concerning your e.mail that you sent on the 7 August 2006. Your e.mail has been
correspondence relating to 'UFO's.
airspace might have been compromised by hostile or unauthorised air activity. Unless there is
natural phenomena, could be found for them if resources were diverted for this purpose, but it
an inappropriate use of defence resources if we were to do so.
The on of a bot have
substantiates the existence of these alleged phenomena.
With regard to the particular orange lights that were seen over Sunderland on 5 August 2006,
we have been informed that the orange lights in the sky, probably were the result of Chinese
lanterns that were released in the sky due to a celebration. People buy them for weddings
and various other celebrations. Once released, the Chinese lanterns can reach a thousand
are satistied that there is no corroborating evidence to suggest that the United Kingdom's
Yours sincerely
Section
Ministry of Defence
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
5" Floor, Zone H
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
E.mail - das-ufo-office @ mod.uk

===== PAGE 531 =====
{"alpha_words": 159, "chars": 1120, "method": "ocr", "page": 531, "variant": "plain-vision"}
** TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY **
** TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY **
DAS
102NO..
- 9 AUG 2006
Latflying /utog
/E-MAIL
TO DAS(LA) P+ P
ICIAL CORRESPONDENCE
TO Ref No 53 C9
/2006
Date 1- f- 200îŚ
acknowledged. Please send a reply on behalf of the PM/Minister/Departmenăằ__
impossible, an interim reply should be sent within the same timescale. You should be aware that
perusal.
It is vital that branches ensure they have simple systems to record and track correspondence
2000 Service Delivery Agreement for the Ministry of Defence.
As part of our monitoring procedure, random spot checks on the accuracy of your branch
records on correspondence will be performed throughout the year.
Ministerial Correspondence Unit
Floor 5, Zone A, Main Building, Whitehall, SW1A 2HB
40
Section 40
DII: Ministerial Correspondence; e: Ministerial-Correspondence@mod.uk.
Detailed guidance on handling TO Correspondence can be found on the Defence Intranet at http://main.defence.mod.uk/min_parl/ParlBrch/TOGuid.htm
** TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY **
* Delete as appropriate.
NECTOR TELL
Revised January 2006
** TO BE GIVEN A HIGH PRIORITY **

===== PAGE 532 =====
{"alpha_words": 209, "chars": 1265, "method": "ocr", "page": 532, "variant": "plain-vision"}
section 40
Sent
To:
Subject:
feedback @www.mod.uk
07 August 2006 00:15
webmaster @ dgics.mod.uk
Ask a Minister
Below is the result of your feedback form. It was submitted on Monday, August 7, 2006 at 00:14:48
txtName:
• Section 40
txtEmail:
txtCountry: USA
txtComments: To: MOD Ministerial Correspondence Unit 5th Floor, Zone A Main Building Whitehall, London SW1A
2HB
If my images and explantion is the same type of orbs your people are complaining about, I think you already know
what this is about.
This issue is a serious one around America because all agencys refuse to admit they have anything to do with it but
the certainly do.
I will set up this web page tonight just for you so you can better understand what is going on.
This page can be seen at
http://www.nasanoodles.com/orbs_for_mod.html
You will find that if you are not truly already aware of this secret program, then you will certainly want to visit
this page.
I can save you a lot of time and expense. You will have a full understanding after you vist my page that I will
prepair just for the M.O.D. tonight.
Feel free to share this link, it is a non commerical site and it is purly a public service presentation by me and I
Section 40
An Independant Media Publisher
Section 4
Denton Texas 76201

===== PAGE 533 =====
{"alpha_words": 48, "chars": 399, "method": "ocr", "page": 533, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:_
Section 40
GLOSUAN
SUMIEE
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
ction
Section 40
Livingston
West Lothian
Section 401
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
28 July 2006
DearSection 40
not normally fly in these areas.
I hope this is helpful.
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 534 =====
{"alpha_words": 97, "chars": 708, "method": "ocr", "page": 534, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SWA 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
Assistant MCO
Royal Air Force Leuchars
St Andrews
Fite
KY16 OJX
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
28 July 2006
Dear
Section 40
I am writing concerning the letter fromSection 40
this office.
All sightings of UFOs can be sent to the address and e.mail address below.
DAS FOI
5" Floor, Zone H
Main Building
Whitehall
London
SW1A 2HB
E.mail - das-ufo-office@mod.uk
I hope this is helpful.
dated 11 July 2006, that you passed to
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 535 =====
{"alpha_words": 104, "chars": 672, "method": "ocr", "page": 535, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EAST 2 WEST UFO SOCIETY
Uru soci
"HERE TO INFORM"
Section 40
Livingston
West Lothian
Section 40
Tel:
e-mail Section 40
11t July 2006
Edinburgh
ATZ.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I have received a report of a Ufo flying over North
Queensferry on the 26" June 2006 this incident happened at
10:40pm that day. The report came from a professional
photographer who lives in North Queensferry, he also
supplied me with photographs he took of the disc which are
very clear.
Can you please tell me if there was any military activity in the
area on that date especially with Rosyth Naval Base being close
by. Thanking you in anticipation.
Regards
Section 40
Director of E2WUFOS
DAS
1 2 JUL 2006

===== PAGE 536 =====
{"alpha_words": 49, "chars": 338, "method": "ocr", "page": 536, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AIR
LEUCHARS
ATTACK AND PFECT
102NO.
With the Compliments of
Media and Communications Office
Section 40
Assistant MCO
Royal Air Force Leuchars
St Andrews Fife KY16 OJX
Telephone:
Section 40l
Section 40
FAX Section 40
Please aduise if the address
DAS
har chanplank sai.
for sanding sightings of LIFOs.
2 6 JUL 2006
Rogurts
Section
40
FILE

===== PAGE 537 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 425, "method": "ocr", "page": 537, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Leul 1446/11/p
EAST 2 WEST UFO SOCIETY
Spent
"HERE TO INFORM"
Section 40
Livingston
West Lothian
Section 40
Tel:
e-mail: Section 40
11" July 2006
Dear Sirs,
I have received a report of a Ufo flying over North
Queensferry on the 26 June 2006 at 10:40pm on that day.
and they are very clear.
the time of the sighting. Can you throw any light on this for
me? Thanking you in anticipation.
Regards
Section 40
Director of E2WUFOS

===== PAGE 538 =====
{"alpha_words": 54, "chars": 406, "method": "ocr", "page": 538, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Royal Air Force Leuchars
20
306
PRESIDENT'S
Award
SUCHARE
AYACK AND PROTEC
HONORARY AIR COMMODORE
IS ROYAL HIGHNESS THE DUKE OF KEN
(G GONG GOVO AN
Section 40
Section 40
Telephone
Fax
Section 40|
Email: MCO@leuchars.raf.mod.uk
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
Livingston
West Loathian
Section 40
Date:
LEU/1446/11/P1
21 July 2006
Section 40
Deen
Section 40
Flight Lieutenant
Media and Communications Officer

===== PAGE 539 =====
{"alpha_words": 21, "chars": 130, "method": "ocr", "page": 539, "variant": "plain-vision"}
On Her Majesty's Service
ROYAL MAR
POSTAGE PAID CE
HQ 33
DAS- fol
Ram 873
Vetropok Bullane
Vorthumber lord Avenue
London
WEZN SBP

===== PAGE 540 =====
{"alpha_words": 89, "chars": 666, "method": "ocr", "page": 540, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CLOSIN
READES
From: Section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5h Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
Section 40
Section 40
Woolwich UFO Research Group
Section 40
London
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
28 July 2006
Dear
section •
40
Republic.
We viewed the CD, but could not identify as to what the objects could be.
it is a matter for their Government.
The address is as follows:-
Embassy of the Slovak Republic
25 Kensington Palace Gardens
London
W8 4QY
Thope this is helpful.
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 541 =====
{"alpha_words": 137, "chars": 871, "method": "ocr", "page": 541, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DAS
102NO.---
2 1 JUL 2005
FILE
Section 40
Woolwich UFO Research Group
Section 40
London
Section 40
Tel:
Section 40|
DearSection 40
Many thanx for your previous prompt rephes.
to Slovakia (also the beer is very cheap at about 14p a pint). We carefully avoided
areas involved with the Slovakian military as advised by one of your other
departments at the Ministry of Defence.
with us on our trip to the mountains.
on 2 occasions a UAV. Plus evidence of what we believe we, 'Median' type grass
circles, in the long grass on the higher treeless mountain slopes.
for about 2 minutes around the 800 metre watch-tower area.
confirm (or deny) the identification of the UAV? As we have the dates, times &
40 foot diameter silver saucer..... and that's a good enough I.D. for me.
anything as good there I will pass it on...
Section 40
P.S. you can keep the disc or pass it on....

===== PAGE 542 =====
{"alpha_words": 88, "chars": 605, "method": "ocr", "page": 542, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Dear ian

| am writing with reference to your e.mail dated 19 July 2006, that you sent to the das-ufo-
office address, regarding UAP reports from Cockermouth in Cumbria, from the 10" — 20" 07
2006.

With regard to any relevant UAP sightings, | have looked through our records and can confirm
that we received no reports from Cockermouth in Cumbria for the above dates.

sorry | could not be any help.

Yours sincerely

Ministry of Defence

Directorate of Air Staff — Freedom of Information 1
5" Floor, Zone H

Main Building

Whitehall

London

SW1A 2HB

E.mail — das-ufo-office @ mod.uk

\q Saks Goole .

===== PAGE 543 =====
{"alpha_words": 55, "chars": 414, "method": "ocr", "page": 543, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 1
Section 40
From:
Sent:
To:
Section 40
19 July 2006 14:02
ection 40
Subject: FW: UAP reports.
on behalf of DAS-UFO-Office
Section 40
Please reply to this.
sectio
n 40
From
Section 49aol.com [mailto
Sent: 19 July 2006 13:37
To: DAS-UFO-Office
Subject: UAP reports.
section
@aol.com]
Have they been any UAP reports from Cockermouth in Cumbria from the 10th-20th 07-2006
Kind regards Section 40
19/07/2006

===== PAGE 544 =====
{"alpha_words": 149, "chars": 1006, "method": "ocr", "page": 544, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
section 40
Directorate of Air Staff - Freedom of Information 1
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
5th Floor, Zone H, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB
Telephone
(Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax)
020 7218 2140
020 7218 9000
section 40
Section 40
Holborn
London
Section 40
Your Reference:
Our Reference:
D/DAS/64/3
Date:
18 July 2006
Dear Section 40
long delay in replying.
Due to previous correspondence, you will know our policy on UFOs.
You brought up the question of unauthorised aircraft in our airspace. Any aircraft that has not got
permission to be over our airspace, is not authorised.
outside our specific remit relating to defence matters - we keep an open mind and remain vigilant
compromised (which is why the focal point exists).
hand to investigate, analyse and counter that threat, in the light of the circumstances which prevail
the MOD is not aware of any evidence which might substantiate the existence of craft or life
'UFO'.
e.mail will be placed on our files.
Yours sincerely
Section 40

===== PAGE 545 =====
{"alpha_words": 374, "chars": 2267, "method": "ocr", "page": 545, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
m:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Section 40
20 April 2006 20:07
DAS-UFO-Office
15 June 2005
@hotmail.comj
Ref: D/DAS/10/2/8/13
http://www.mod.uk/NR/rdonlyres/D973FB8D-5F56-45B0-9229-ACB595539D50/0/ufo_150605.pdf
I would like to ask what does 'unauthorized' mean in this context?
Do you mean an item which is not registered through the Civil Aviation Authority or a
member of the military forces - or do you mean excluding authorized items owned by a
secret organisation who does not have to disclose - as if to say something which has
Then you say '...Kingdom [we are under the authority of a Queen at the moment] from an
external source', as if to say that if it comes from within the UK, then that's fine.
It something comes down irom the upper atmosphere, not from outside the planet and not
trom outside of our borders, then would that be 'internal'
rather than 'external'?
It is amazing and reassuring that you do not find very fast and strange things to be
'hostile' - I think that means they are either 'lightforms' or else you are somewhat
more familiar with them than you would like us to think - though of course there is no
need to confirm that.
Either you may think they are ephemeral or else you know they
are of benevolent intent.
I think it is somewhat tragic that instead of investigating on behalf of the public (a
few calls to the airports,
or a digital radar quick mapping
readout) millions of the public's money gets wasted (see METRO frontpage
This thing about 'justify
expenditure...defence remit' is a bit odd as it seems to be a hanging paragraph.
I'm fairly sure the public would rather know about ufos (be they electric aerial
jellyfish) rather than funding weapons of serious mass devastation which will
radioactively pollute our world for centuries or blow continents apart.
As far as 'Roswell' goes, which you correspondent must have asked about, I think it is
highly humourous that the best evidence for this (the incorrigable and bizarre Alien
Anyway thank you for the chance to send you my first impressions on this publicly
available letter.
I do wonder who wrote to you, they did a good job of getting a
response.
Thank you
Be the first to hear what's new at MSN - sign up to our free newsletters!
http://www.msn.co.uk/newsletters
1

===== PAGE 546 =====
{"alpha_words": 121, "chars": 834, "method": "ocr", "page": 546, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 40
m:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
section 4
20 April 2006 20:28
DAS-UFO-Office
continued
Dhotmail.com]
http://www.luxefaire.com/electro.html
Defence expenditure in GB has already been stated to have wasted £300 million, surely
a few spent on seeing whether these aerial anomalies are the result of directed beam
frequency weaponry would be advisable since that would be hostile and although coming
from above could have been bounced from anywhere - afterall if these things (directed
electromagnetics) make crop glyphs, imagine how that would feel if directed at your
That would be a defence issue.
The above link illustrates how sinister things can produce interesting and anomalous
aerial imagery.
Section 40
Are you using the latest version of MSN Messenger? Download MSN Messenger
7.5 today! http://join.msn.com/messenger/overview
