{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T00:26:30Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 45457425, "source_ctime_ns": 1788302759503795831, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/defe-24-2030.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785544082260000000, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/defe-24-2030.pdf", "source_sha256": "892ec7b13787af3dc8fe158ccdaf35da3f18b0fa16d47858aec9174ccb370232"}

the national archives


(c) crown copyright
                                                                                                     ~~.~~~~~i~!fset D                                              MOD Form 3290
            .:0:4 ;                                                                                                                                                    (Revised 2/99)
    i   .

                                                                                              MINISTRY OF DEFENCE                                                         PPQ a 100


               .·r·.                   Date opened (Date of fii'Sf enclosure) .                                    Attention Is drawn
                                                                                                                   to the notes on
                                                                                                                                          DIVISION/ESTABUSHMENT/UNIT/BRANCH

               ·· ;'
               .
               .- ;
                   ' . . ·· .
                   I
                      ..
                                                    \ Oct 191(\ ·                                                  the Inside flap.
                                                                                                                                               4oAS U-cc)<TA
                                                                                                                                                   ~0 t'\ <6 2..+'5
                                                                                                            2.     Enter notes of
                                                                                                                   related files on
                                                                                                                   page 2 of this
                                                                                                                   jacket                         NPnf'..l ~t.O&
               .:. }..          ,- ;


                                                                                                                 suBJECT     uFos-       {>us;sh;d: ~cte.s(~­
                                                                                          .·.··.·.:t·.                      Dr D C.(CM:ke.

                                                                                          ;~0'7
                                                                                  . . · .\· ·t~' .
                                                                                    ··.   .


                                           Referred to                 Min/   · ·. Referred to       Date   Min/       Referred to      Date          Referred to     Date    Mini
                                                                       Encl                                 Encl                                                              Encl


                                                                                                                                                                                          .•
                                                                                                                                                                                        . j
                                                                                                                                                                                         1


r.

~- .·
!-' .'.
;· ..
!


                                                             ,
•   DR CLARKE'S LETfERS AND INFORMATION REQUESTED

        1st Letter - 21 June 2000

    Requested access to files from 1969 to date. Files currently closed under 30 year rule.

    Letter answered on 25 July 2000. Request refused under Exemption 9 (voluminous &
    vexatious request) and Exemption 12 (privacy of an individual) of the Code of
    Practice on Access to Government Information.


    2"d Letter - 1 August 2000

    Narrowed request to following:

        1. Sequence of files following DEFE 31/19- 1968-1981

    -           identified DIS files;
     55/40/9/1 Pt 3 (1968-1971)      UFO Policy- File destroyed 8 August 1984
     55/108/15 Pt 4 (1971-1996) UFO Policy- File held by DIS

    2. UFO sighting reports to the MOD during January 1974 (Possibly Air 20/12556)

    -         identified;
    Am 2/18873 (1973-74) UFO Reports- File for release to PRO 2005 (currently
    with Records 1)
    AF/584 (January 1974) UFO Reports- File with Records 1

    There are 250 pages on these files and 150 would need to be sanitised.- -
    has provided an estimate of cost.


    3. BJ 5/311 UFO Meteorological Aspects (1968-70)

    File due to be opened to the public at the PRO on 1 January 2001. Dr Clarke
    said in his letter dated 10 October 2000 that as the file will be available
    un-sanitised in the PRO in January 2001 be will wait. He has withdrawn his
    request for this file.


    4. DEFE 44/1 and DEFE 21

    Records advise these files are retained in Department in accordance with
    Section 3(4) Public Records Act.
3rd Letter- 11 August 2000


5. BJ 5/311 Meteorological Aspects 1968-70

As 3. Above.


6. AIR 2/18564 UFO Reports: West Freugh 1957

File covers 1957-71, due for release to PRO 2002 but currently with Records 1.
Consists of 75 pages, 25 need to be sanitised.- -has provided an estimate
of cost.


7. AF/3459175 UFOs: Policy and Policy Statements 1970

File currently with Records 1. Consists of 115 pages, 5 need to be sanitised.
- -has provided an estimate of cost.


8. D/Sec(AS)/12/1 (5 parts dealing with policy D/Sec(AS)64/1 issues)

D/Sec(AS) 12/1 PtA- UFO Policy (1985) -Currently held at Bayes
D/Sec(AS) 64/1 PtA- UFO Policy (1996) -Held by DAS 4a(Sec)-CONFIDENTAL
D/Sec(AS) 64/1 Pt B -UFO Policy       -Held by DAS 4a(Sec)-SECRET
D/Sec(AS) 64/1 Pt C -UFO Policy       -Held by DAS 4a(Sec)-CONFIDENTAL
D/Sec(AS) 64/1 Pt D -UFO Policy       -Held by DAS 4a(Sec)-UNCLASSIFIED

Advice needed from OMD 14. I think the only part of the Code we may be able
to withhold this under is Exemption 2b (Internal discussion and advice.
Information who:we di.~closure would harm the frankness and candour of internal
discussion, including: b. internal opinion, advice, recommendation, consultation
and deliberation).


9. D/Sec(AS) 64/5 Media Issues

This file is a DAS 4a (Sec) current file and consists of mainly newspaper cuttings
and magazine articles. There are 197 pages. There are some notes written by
DAS (Sec) staff on some of the cuttings and the file also contains 7 pages
classified RESTRICTED which deals with a Daily Mail and Daily Express article
on 24 April1998. This article talks about RAF Fylingdales.

Advice needed from OMD 14 on whether if we release this file, can we sanitise
the comments of DAS Staff and withhold the Restricted pages or do we have to
release the whole file or nothing.
•   10. DSS/75/6 UFO TV Discussion (1976)

    Currently held by Record 2. We need to check with-   about release of
    this file as it is not mentioned in his letter.


    11. AIR 20112556 UFO Reports January 1974

    See number 2 above.
 -


                    r ~~--    --·                    i
                    L               - ---:..=---·,.,_.J


                                                                 1 August, 2000
               Your reference: D/Sec(AS)64/3


               Dea~
               Many thanks for your detailed letter of25 July with reference to my request to view
               MOD files relating to 'unidentified flying objects.'

               Firstly, I ~~ise your .s taff have ~~Y. Qthe.o.nore pr"essing defence-related duties and 1 ....~ .....
               apologise if my request has added to that burden. I contacted the Freedom of
               Information office on 20 July inquiring as to what had become of my original request,
               simply because I was concerned that my letter had gone astray, or had been sent to the
               wrong department, as I had not at that stage received an acknowledgement. Almost
               immediately I received your acknowledgement in the post, and would like to make it
               clear that I have always been satisfied with the helpful and detailed responses received
               from the MOD's Secretariat (Air Stafl) on the occasions I have contacted your
               department in the past.

               With regards to my request to view files, I accept that my request for access to files
               covering the period 1969 to present was a little ambitious in terms of staff time. From
               your response, it appears that the main obstacle preventing the use of these files for
               research projects such as my own is the Exemption 9 in the Code of Practice which
               relates to Privacy of the individual. You say you receive up to 400 sighting reports
               each year and a similar number of letters. but I wonder if you could specify how many
               of the individuals who contact the department in any one year have requested that their
               personal details should remain confidential for 30 years? From cursory viewing of the
               files which are available at the PRO relating to the period before 1969, I cannot recall
               finding one single request of this kind, and indeed many of the sightings and letters
               relate to events which are already in the "public domain", for example have already
               been reported in newspapers and other media.

      \        While I would question the basis upon which my request has been refused, I do not


      ·\cv
 ~~ wish to add to your administrative burden by asking for a review or involving my MP
~ ~\ye~ at this stage. I would be more happy to take up your offer of help to iocate "a more


Jib       ~
               limited amount of material" which might fall within the terms of your Code of Practice
               for Access to Government Information. I would be happy to guided by yourself as to
               what you feel would be a reasonable request for access to a "limited amount" of
               material.

                Further to your offer, firstly I would like to point out that my research is not.
              [ specifically concerned with the details of individual "UFO sightings" reported ta by
                                                             Q .bk~J
             individuals to the MOD. I am more interested in studying the evolution of how the old
             Air Ministry, and later the MOD, dealt with these kind of inquiries, how policy on this
             subject was formulated, and how that policy has been influenced by specific incidents,
             Government policy, Parliamentary questions, scientific opinion and the media.

             To this end, I have found the material in the Defence Intelligence Staff registered files
             particularly of interest. Of the two files currently available at the PRO, DEFE 31/118
             (UFO policy 1953-63) and DEFE 311119 (UFO Policy 1967) contain precisely the
             category of information I am seeking: for exaiiipleint-emal memorandums, draft policy
             documents etc. There is little, if any, correspondence from the public contained within
             these files which fall within Exemption 12 (Privacy) or the exemptions relating to
             national security. Further to this detail, I would like to apply for access to the sequence
             of files which follow DEFE 31/119 and which presumably relate to UFO policy,
             between the years 1968 and 1981 . This request relates to specific files, falling within a
             specified period of time, so you may feel it would be worthwhile employing a more
             focussed search to retrieve and scrutinise these papers on my behalf.

             In terms of Air Staff files relating to sightlngls reported by the general public, tbe one-- .. ,.-·-<. ~-i.· :\;t
             specific file I wish to view relates to UFO/unidentified aircraft sightings reported to the ~~~
             MOD during the month of January 1974. Following the file sequence at the PRO I                        ', ~~. ~
             suspect this file would be be found at the reference Air 20/12556 (Air 20/ 12555 relates              ~
             to December 1973).                                                                                 ~
                                                                                                                                                                                           ~~~
             I would also like to apply for access to a file produced by the Meteorological Office
             for the MOD, reference BJ 5/311 titled "Unidentified Flying Objects: meteorological
             aspects" which relates to the period 1968-1970. This file is due to be opened at the
             PRO on 1 January 2001 .

              From my research into historical files at the Public Record Office, I suspe<ft there may
              also be memoranda and reports relating to UFOs in the 1950s hidden witn}he Defence
              Intelligence Files, class numbers DEFE 44/l and DEFE 21 , and I have contacted the
              MOD Departmental Record Officer separately with a request for access to this
              material. DEFE 44 contains papers from as far back as 1946, but these remain
              classified because the file also contains material from 1991 . I would like to request
              access to the block of files and memoranda which relate to the period 1946 to 1969.
              which should be available for scrutiny under the Freedom ofinformation Act.

            ri hope you will feel it is possible to allow me to have access to at least some of the
              material specified in this letter, for use in what is a bona fide academic research
·.
              progranune. I would be happy to meet any reasonable costs incurred_asa.rerult of this
i • .   r
-'~ -?        application, and would be willing to sign any undertakings related to Data Protection
              or Official Secrets which you might feel appropriate. In addition, I will be happy to
              provide the MOD with a copy of my completed research paper, which I plan to .publish
              via the National Centre for English Cultural Tradition at the University of Sheffield.
                                ~   ..   _____----·--   --~ ~-~-                                                         ..
                                                                   .........-~·~~---~-· ·- ·~- --- ... ... -~- .........~- ~-~- -· .....,.... .......__,_ . .. .........
                                                                                                                                                        -'                 - ----·...-
              In making this request, I am simply responding to the Government's and the MOD's
              own stated manifesto pledge to "establish a general statutory right of access to official
              records and through culture change throughout the public sector" (MOD website).
              This laudable aim will only be seen to working in practise if reasonable requests for
                                                                                                                                                                                                ~
                                                                                                                                                                                                 ,v:.
                                                                                                                                                                                                    ~


                                                                                                                                                                                         ~' )       .:::--
                                                                                                                                                                                         (<;-~ ....,--
access to non·sensitive material, a category I feel my request falls within, are
successful. This touches upon the discussion I mentioned I had with the MOD/RAF
Press Office in January this year, when I tried to follow up a story in the national Press
which suggested that all files relating to UFOs were soon to be released to the PRO. I 1
was told at that time by the duty Press Officer that the former minister Peter Kilfoyle ~
had indeed expressed the opinion that there was no good reason for keeping files            (
related to UFOs restricted for 30 years. He said release of UFO data was likely to be a )
priority following "a review of the files." There was, I was told, "a general move         (
within the department to give out information that is not security sensitive and take (
away the myth of secrecy that surrounds this subject."                                     ·

I hope we will be able to reach an agreement on access to the limied amount of files
specified in this letter, and that this application will not be too onerous upon your
department's time.

I am copying this reply to-           at OrviD/AD, Room 617, Northumberland
House, so that he is aware that I am happy with the expeditious and helpful way yoH· ····
have dealt with my inquiry.
                                                                                                         ;
                                                                                                              ... . .
                                                                                                              . '1
                                                                                                -
                                                                                                                         '-o - <

                                                                                   ,_-~- ~ ~-
                                                                                                                ·..~ .    ... j   '1 t_... -.,.
                                                                                                              ; :?
                                                                                                             ~ ·~}

                                              Dr David Clarke                    Tz                 ··
                                                                                 ... v          JUN 2000


                                                                                                    · ·--· -~- - --- - - - -


Ministry of Defence
Main Building
Whitehall
London SWlA 2HB

                                              21 June 2000


Dear Sir/Madam,

    Freedom of Information- Access to MOD files relating to aerial phenomena

I am undertaking post doctoral research into the socio-psychological aspects of belief in
the aerial phenomena popularly known as 'unidentified flying objects', as an Honorary
Research Fellow at the National Centre for English Cultural Tradition, University of
Sheffield.

In particular, I am examining the role played by the mass media in the creation and
transmission of beliefs and rumours about UFOs, and how these have been reflected in
the Ministry of Defence's public policy towards this subject from 1950 to the present.

While a certain amount of useful information can be obtained from the study of Press
reports, the proceedings of Hansard and the records of private researchers, a study of this
kind is reliant upon access to official records such as those available at the Public Record
Office.

Currently access to records kept by the MOD relating to UFO phenom·ena, including
those relating to the formulation of official policy, are covered by the Access to Public
Records Act, 1967. This has meant that the vast majority of records relating to this
subject are made available for public inspection when they are 30 years old. As a result, a
number of MOD air files relating to UFO reports and policy issues relating to the period
1953-1969 have already been released and are available for study at the PRO.

However, at present records dating from 1969 to the present day remain closed under the
terms of the 1967 Act. Despite this fact, during the past decade the MOD have released
information relating to UFOs in response to individual requests from the public which,
strictly speaking, continue to remain closed under the 30 year rule.
•   Under the definitions used by the Draft Freedom of Information Act (1999) all
    Government records- other that those created by the Security and Intelligence Services -
    should be available for public scrutiny unless it can be demonstrated their disclosure
    would clearly cause harm to "national security, defence and international relations ... the
    internal discussion of Government policy [and/or] personal privacy."

    Since the 1950s, the UK Government's public position has been that reports of
    'unidentified flying objects' have no implications for defence or national security. As a
    result, there would appear to be no reason, other than protection of personal privacy, why
    records maintained on this subject should not be made available for study purposes such
    as the one I am proposing.

    Indeed, in January this year I contacted the RAF Press Office who confirmed that the
    Ministry of Defence, in response to the published aims of the draft Freedom of
    Information Bill, were considering a proposal to allow access to UFO related files -
    currently closed under the 30 year rule - for what were described as "bona fide
    researchers." This was on the proviso that any proposed future access did not
    compromise confidential personal data supplied to the MOD by members of the public
    and/or endanger national security.

    A preliminary examination of the MOD air files on UFOs from 1953-1969 which are
    available at the PRO has demonstrated their value as a rich source of historical and social
    data relevant to my proposed study. For example, a Defence Intelligence briefing from
    1966-67 released to the Public Record Office last year (DEFE 31/1 i 9) demonstrates how
    MOD staff were aware of the importance of these social and psychological factors,
    specifically the role played by the mass media, in the wax and wane of interest
    surrounding UFO reports ..

    These records have hitherto never been the subject of a properly funded academic
    research project. The value of such a study to the UK Government, in terms of the
    development of public policy in future, should also be taken into account when this
    request is considered. An independent study of this historical material might also help to
    dispel the popular myth of "secrecy" and "cover-up" which continues to surround the
    MOD's public statements on the subject ofUFOs.

    I am currently in receipt of an award from the British Academy to study the creation and
    transmission of rumours in the context of popular beliefs which spread through Britain
    during the First World War, based upon records preserved at the Public Record Office.
    Later this year I intend to apply to another funding body for an additional award which
    would allow me to study the development of popular beliefs about UFOs and how these
    have been reflected by MOD policy from the 1950s to the present. As it stands, the
    proposed study would have to be based upon the MOD air files which are currently
    available, and relate to the period 1953-1969.


                                                2
I wish to make a formal application via the Freedom of Information Unit of the MOD for
access to MOD Air files relating to UFOs and UFO policy for the period 1969 to the
present day. I would define access as having the opportunity to examine all relevant files
relating to UFO reports and UFO policy, making notes and copies of relevant material
where necessary. I appreciate a project of this kind could take time and would incur costs,
but these could easily be incorporated into my application for a research award.

I would welcome to opportunity to discuss this proposal informally with a representative
from the Ministry of the Defence and/or the Freedom of Information Unit and look
forward to hearing from you,


                                            3
Flying Saucery                                                                                 !'age 1 or~


•
                                                                                               The MOD
                                                                                               X-Files
                                                                                                     lfO:O
                        flyingsaucery.com exists to publish
                        the research findings from
                                                                                       The Rendlesham
                        veteran fortean researchers David
                        Clarke and Andy Roberts.
                                                                                                Files
                                                                                                     \1'0>
                                        " ••• A myth is not a
                                        miry story. n is the
                                        presentation of facts                              No Kidding
                                        belonging to one
                                        category in the                                  This Time .. My
                                        Idioms appropriate to                           Flying Saucer
                                        another. To explode
                                        11 mytfl/s accordingly                               Photo is
                                        not to deny tile facts                               Genuine'
                                        but to re-alloe~~te                                          go>
                                         them."

                                        Gilbert Royle (1900·
                                        1976) British
                                        philosopher


                        Since the early 1980s we have worked closely on a
                        variety of Fortean subjects from UFOiogy to Earth
                        Mysteries. The results of these researches have been
                        published in several books, magazines, newspapers,
                        booklets and TV programs (see bibliography) and more
                        specifically via the pages of UFO Brigantia.

                        Since the late 1990s we have been delving deep into
                        UFOiogy in the United Kingdom since WWII, re-
                        investigating so called "classic cases", visiting the Public
                        Record Office and other archival sources of information,
                        tracing and interviewing key witnesses and Ministry of
                        Defence employees at all levels of UFO research and
                        investigation.

                                               The results of this research will be
                                               published in our next book, titled,
                                               Out of the Shadows: UFOS, the
                                               Establishment a. the official
                                               Cover-up, due from Piatkus in
                                               May 2002.


                                             In addition, flyingsaucery.com will
                                             act as a outlet for the
                                             dissemination of our on~going
                                             research, along with commentary
                                             on what is taking place in UK
                                             UFO logy today. We will also
                        occasionally be revealing significant breakthroughs in
                        research.

                        The first of these is the much sought after M.O.D. file
                        on the Rendlesham forest incident of 1980, that has
                        been described by some as "'Britain's Roswell" ~ CLICK
                        HERE ~ brought to you first by us.               --


                        World Exclusive:
                        After half a century

 http://www.flyingsaucery.com/home.htm                                                            22/10/01
Flying Saucery          of denials we can
                                                                                   Page 2 ot2
                        reveal the contents
                        of the British


•
                        Governments top
                        secret "f.!Yl.ng_
                        Saucer Studyu • the
                        origin of the UFO
                        'cover-up'.

                        Another Flying
                        Saucery first, is the
                        presentation of our
                        research that reveals the truth behind two classic
                        British UFO photographs taken by Alex Bitch and
                        Stephen Darbishire. ~ and weep.

                        If you want your belief in alien visitation stroked or
                        need seating plans for the 6.15 from Zeta Reticulli
                        flyingsaucery.com is going to disappoint you. However
                        if you want the best in comprehensive 1 up to the minute
                        exploration in the murky depths of contemporary and
                        historical UFOiogy then welcome aboard.

                        Dave and Andy would be delighted to hear from you if
                        you have any comments or criticisms of the material
                        you'll find here.

                         We can be contacted at: info@flyingsaucerv.com


                        flyingsaucery .com is designed and maintained by Mike
                         Wootten


                  © 2001 Andy Roberts and Dave Clarke


http://www.flyingsaucery.com/home.htm                                                22/10/01
     Flying Saucery


     •
.'


                       INTERESTS
                       Dave and Andy are working on a number of other UFO and fortean projects and would be
                       interested in any information you may have on the following:

                       Flying saucers a Unidentified Flying Objects

                       British contactees 1947-70/George Adamski in the UK
                       UFOiogy in the 1950s
                       'Death' rays and related phenomena
                       Phantom airship sightings of the late 19th/early 20th centuries
                       Foo Fighters
                       Ghost aircraft/phantom helicopters
                       Alleged crashed saucers in the UK
                       The Berwyn Mountain 'UFO crash'
                       Aerial Phenomena Enquiry Network (APEN)


                       Earth Mysteries/Forteana

                       The Big Grey Man of Ben McDhui (and other mountain panics)
                       Pagan survivals in the UK
                       Celtic stone heads and other "Cursed" objects
                       Spring-heeled lack
                       Spooklights and Earthlights


                        BIOGRAPHY

                       ANDY ROBERTS

                       Is the author of

                       Catflaps: Anomalous Big cats in the North, Brigantla Books 1986/CFZ 2001
                       Phantoms of the Sky (with David Clarke), Robert Hale 1989/90
                       Earthlights Revelation (contributing author), Blandford 1991
                       Ghosts & Legends of Yorkshire, Jarrold 1992
                       Twilight of the Celtic Gods (with David Clarke) Blandford, 1996/97
                       The UFOs That Never Were (with Jenny Randles &. David Clarke • Feb. 2000)


                       In addition Andy has contributed chapters to the following compilations:

                       UFOS 1947-87, Fortean Tomes, 1987
                       Phenomenon, Macdonald & Co., 1988
                       Fortean Studies 3, John Brown Publishing, 1996
                       Fortean Studies 5, John Brown Publishing 1999


                       lV & Radio:


                       Andy has contributed to many local and national TV and radio shows. He worked as a consultant
                       on and appeared in:


                       The Isle Is Full Of Noises, Everyman, BBC1, Broadcast 1/11/92
                       and
                       Down To Earth, Fourwinds for Discovery channel, also shown on Channel 4
                       Origin Unknown, Granada, Broadcast Jan/Feb 1999
                       The Haunted Valley Granada, Broadcast, November 2000


     http:/lwww.flyingsaucery.com/who.htm                                                                      22/10/01
Flying Saucery
                   Major Magazine Articles:


•
                   Andy edited the seminal UFO magazine, UFO Brigantia, for 25 Issues and also edits the sporadic
                   scandal-rag The Armchair UFologist.

                   In addition Andy has written for numerous publications including: The Dalesman, , Fortean Times,
                   UFO Times, The Guardian, Yorkshire Post, Bradford Telegraph & Argus, Magonla, Northern Earth

                   His article, Rocking the Alien, dealing with pop music's fascination with UFOs was the cover feature
                   article for the July 1996 issue of Fortean Times and was also printed In the G2 section of The
                   Guardian

                   He can be contacted at: andy.roberts@flyingsaucerv.com


                   DAVID CLARKE

                   Ph.D in English Cultural Tradition and Language, University of Sheffield (1999)
                   Thesis subject was the cult of the human head in Celtic mythology, British tradition and folklore.

                   SA (Hans) dual honours Archaeology and Medieval History at Sheffield University (graduated
                   1990).

                   As a UFOiogist, I was a founder member of the Independent UFO Network (tUN) in 1987 and of the
                   UFO Investigator's Network (UFOIN) in 1999. I have also served as a Council member of the British
                   UFO Research Association (BUFORA) in the late 1980s.
                   As a journalist, I have worked for ten years on local newspapers including the Rotherham
                   Advertiser and Sheffield Star and now work freelance as a journalist and
                   full time as an author.

                   I hold a Honorary Research Fellowship in the National Centre for English Cultural Tradition and
                   Language, University of Sheffield, where I teach Traditions of Supernatural Belief, a 2nd and 3rd
                   year undergraduate option In the School of English.

                   My specialist areas of research interest are:


                        •   contemporary legend and belief: specifically 'space age' folklore (conspiracy theories,'flying
                            saucer' and UFO beliefs);
                        •   rumour transmission and rum our-panics within a supernatural context;
                        •   the interface between archaeology, oral tradition and belief;
                        •   custom and belief, specifically in the context of northern England and the Peak District


                   Books:


                   Phantoms of tho Sky: UFOs ·A Modern Myth? (with Andy Roberts), London: Robert Hale, 1990.
                   Ghosts and Legends of the Peak District, Norwich: Jarrold Publishing, 1991.
                   Strange South Yorkshire: Myth, Magic and Memory in the valley of the Don, Wilmslow: Sigma
                   Press, 1994.
                   A Guide to Britain's Pagan Heritage, London: Robert Hale, 1995.
                   Twilight of the Celtic Gods: An exploration of Britain's hidden pagan traditions, London: Blandford
                   Press, 1996.
                   The UFOs that Never Were, London (with Jenny Randles and Andy Roberts), Allison & Busby, 1999.
                   Supernatural Peak District, London: Robert Hale, 2000.

                   Contributor to:


                   Fortean Times, Fortean Studies, Folklore Journal, Peak and Pennine Magazine, UFO Magazine UFO
                   Brigantia, Third Stone, International UFO Reporter.                                      '

                   UFOs 1947-87 (Fortean Times)
                   Phenomenon (edited by John Spencer & Hilary Evans)
                   Earthlights Revelation (Paul Devereux}
                   Fortean Studies 3 (John Brown Publishing)
                   Fortean Studies 6 (John Brown Publishing}


                   Series contributor to:


                   LWT 'Strange But True' (2 series); BBC Mysteries; BBC Close Up North; Granada lV 'Orfgin
                   Unknown,' Channel4 Equinox, Four Winds Production, XYTV; Granad lV "The Haunted
                   Valley" (November 2000)


                   David can be contacted via email on dave.clarke@flyingsaucerv.com


http://www.flyingsaucery.com/who.htm                                                                             22110/01
    Flying Saucery


    •
:


                        •      The YIO!> !>oc:uments
                        "~~>   APPli!ili'ldiJt;


                       WORLD EXCLUSIVE: BRITAIN'S SECRET UFO X-FILES REVEALED
                       For fifty years UFOiogists have been searching for evidence of a secret study by the Ministry of
                       Defence into the 'flying saucer' mystery.

                       Now we can Exclusively reveal the existence of a UFO study group created by British intelligence in
                       1950 and the contents of their final report- classified for half a century.

                       This was the first and only official UFO study by the British Government that has formed the basis
                       for all policy on the subject up to present.

                       In 1955 and again in 1962 the MOD assured Major Patrick Wall MP in answer to Parliamentary
                       Question that there 'had been no formal inquiry.' He was lied to.

                       For in 1952 the Secretary of State for Air referred to 'a full intelligence study' of the saucers in a
                       reply to Prime Minister Winston Churchill's request to know 'the truth.'

                       During the research for our book 'Out of the Shadows' we discovered the final surviving c:opy of the
                       report by the 'Flying Saucer Working Party' ~ DSI/mC Report No 7 Unidentified Flying Objects.

                       As one of the authors, RAF Wing Commander Myles Formby, told us: "the report was never
                       published but was circulated at the highest level and was used as a 'yardstick' for future action."

                       Questions or media enquiries should be directed to: dave.clarke@flyingsaucery.com


                       Documents reproduced courtesy of Crown Copyright


                       © 2001 Andy Roberts and Dave Clarke


    http://www.flyingsaucery.com/modlindex.htm                                                                         22/10/01
Untitled Document


•
                                              Commentary


http://www.flyingsaucery.com/mod/comtop.htm                22/10/01
Flying Saucery                                                                                      _._ ""'O- -   ---


•
   •


                 .-.~uru Brigantla is
                                                        &.~r'~~\wl~ii~~~~tl~'~¥1,
                   /~~~~~;w:~e:~will
                   }
                                     be re-
                                 classic                No Kidding This Iime ... My          Full Report
                    arlticlles from the                 Flving Saucer Photo is
                             finest UFO                 Genuine!
                    magazine and
                    frequently adding
                    new material.
                                                        The Berwyn Mountain UFO Crash        Word doc
                    UFO Brigantia originated as a
                    monthly UFO magazine in the         Howden Moor Summary                  Word doc
                    early 1980s, edited by the
                    enigmatic Paul Bennett. Initially
                    it was the house journal of the     The Howden Moor Incident             Word doc
                    West Yorkshire UFO Research
                    Group (WYUFORG). Andy               UFO over North Sea                   Word doc
                    Roberts took over as editor in
                    19851 when the magazine went        Schwelnfurt- A Mystery Solved?       Word doc
                    bi-monthly and eventually
                    quarterly as the journal of the
                                                        The Northumbrian UFO crash of 1969   Word doc
                    Independent UFO Network
                    (!UN).
                                                        My Flyin9 Saucer Photo               Word doc
                    There has never been another
                    magazine like UFO Brigantia.        more flies to come...
                    Mixing hard core investigative
                    ufology with biting satire and
                    sarcasm Brigantia left no stone
                    unturned in its quest to
                    represent ufology as it is rather
                    than how some of its
                    proponents would like it to be.


                    UFO Brigantia's list of
                    columnists, contributors and
                    interviewees was impressive
                    and included most of the best
                    known names of the 80s and
                    90s, both from American and
                    European UFOiogy. These
                    included Jenny Randles, Paul
                    Devereux, David Clarke, Robert
                    Moore, Ralph Noyes, Hilary
                    Evans, John Keel, Budd
                    Hopkins, Bill Moore, Jacques
                    Vallee and Philip Mantle.

                    Since its demise in 1993
                    following the death of Stuart
                    Smith and the temporary
                    retirement from ufology of
                    Roberts and Clarke, there have
                    been numerous requests for
                    UFO Brigantla to be revived.


                    Flyingsaucery.com will host new
                    UFO Brigantia items as well as
                    archival material and occasional
                    rants from the Armchair
                    Ufologist.


http://www.flyingsaucery.com/brigantia.htm                                                              22/10/01
r   Flying Saucery


    •
                                              Out of the Shadows
                                 UFOs, the Establishment & the official Cover-up

                       Out of the Shadows: UFOs, the Establishment &. the official Cover-
                       up is the new UFO book by David Clarke and Andy Roberts,
                       published by Piatkus in 2002.


                        Out of the Shadows takes a fresh look at the subject of UFOs, focussing upon the British Ministry
                        of Defence's investigations into the phenomena since 1940. Clarke and Roberts have spent two
                        years researching the book and have uncovered hundreds of previously unseen MOD documents
                        relating to UFO activity in the UK.

                        The book sets the MOO policy on UFOs alongside the beliefs and attitudes of the British UFO
                        community and the wider media towards both the subject and allegations of an official'cover up'.

                        Out of the Shadows is not a sceptical book, nor is it written for 'believers.' We see it as a social
                        history of the flying saucer/UFO phenomenon In the UK. It objectively traces the development of
                        official interest and investigations into UFOs and reaches some startling conclusions.

                        Among its many and varied contents, the book features:


                             •   Important new material on WWII UFO sightings and investigations
                            •    Hitherto unseen Ministry of Defence and RAF files on UFO reports by service personnel.
                             •   Interviews with and comments with numerous individuals who have worked at the highest
                                 level of governmental UFO investigation
                             •   The MOD file on the Rendlesham Forest UFO case of 1980
                             •   New information on the Men In Black mystery
                             •   The involvement of the Royal Family, aristocracy and politicians in UFO studieS


     http://www.flyingsaucery.com/soon.htm                                                                            22/10/01
Flying Saucery                                                                                                Page 1 of 1


•


                   The Rendlesham Forest UFO case is, with the sole exception of the Roswell Incident, the
                   most talked about UFO case in the world. Numerous boob, articles and TV shows have
                   been made about the Rendlesham Forest event and tens of thousands of hours of
                   research has been conducted.

                   Many people have speculated on the depth and nature of involvement by the UK government in
                   this case and the 'Holy Grail' of Rendlesham has been the 'official' Ministry of"Defence file on the
                   event. During the course of research for No Defence Significance? this file was located and
                   obtained.

                   For the first time in the world you can now discover the UK government's secret files on the
                   Rendlesham Forest UFO case. You may not agree with the UK governments' attitudes to the case-
                   but you cannot Ignore them.

                   Here we present David Clarke's commentary on the file, placing it in context, with links to selected
                   documents.

                   Questions or media enquiries should be directed to: dave.darke@flylngsaucery.com

                   Documents reproduced courtesy of Crown Copyright


                   © 2001 Andy Roberts and Dave Clarke


http://www.flyingsaucery.com!Rendlesham/index.htm                                                                22/10/01
Flying Saucery                                                                                                Pagel of I


•
                    Five documents relating to the alleged UFO Landing at RAF Woodbridge in 1980 are no
                    longer a secret following 11 landmark decision by the MOD"s Director of Information
                    Exploitation.

                    The decision marks a further breakthrough in our understanding of the events in Rendlesham
                    Forest.

                    Five documents were with-held from the original file under exemptions to the code, 2 under
                    Exemption 1 (national security) and 3 under Exemption 2 (internal discussion and advice to
                    ministers less than 30 years old).

                    We immediately lodged an appeal against the decision and an internal review has now been
                    completed. A senior MOD official has now released the two documents that were with-held on the
                    grounds of national security.


                    The new documents contain no evidence that a cover-up of a UFO landing ever existed. They
                    simply illustrate how claims of a cover-up arise from secrecy for the sake of secrecy, part of an
                    established tradition in Britain.

                    What they reveal is that the RAF were making checks on radar records for 29 December 1980,
                    following information supplied by Lt Col Charles Halt in his memo to the MOD.

                    As we now know the actual date of Halt's sighting in Rendlesham Forest was the night of 27/28
                    December 1980. This implies incompetence and complacency on behalf of the MOD, who did not
                    see fit to make further inquiries into the details they had been
                    supplied by Halt.


                    To see the MOD judgement, and copies of the newly released documents, click on the links below ...

                                        MOD Judgement             Document 1           Document 2

                    Documents reproduced courtesy of Crown Copyright


                    © 2001 Andy Roberts and Dave Clarke


http://www. flyingsaucery. com!Rendlesham/news. htm                                                              22/10/01
Untitled Document

 f                                                           «J1ru111 "'~X\   *"'
t!RITAIN'S SECRET 'X-FILES' REVEALED

 David Clarke and Andy Roberts

 The Ministry of Defence has always denied involvement in any official study of the UFO phenomenon. But files
 recently discovered in Government archive~~ reveal how in 1950 the MOD set up a secret committee of scientists
 and intelligence experts to investigate sightings of 'flying saucers'. The report they produced for Winston
 Churchill's Government remained secret tor 50 years and even today certain sections remain classlf'led because
 of their intelligence content.

 During research for our forthcoming book on the British Establishment and UFOs early in 2001 copies of the historic report
 produced by the British Flying Saucer Working Party in 1951 were provided by a MOD source.

                                            The full story of the Working Party and the stories of the high ranking MOD and
                                            RAF officers were involved in the first and only official British study of the UFO
                                            phenomenon will be revealed in our book: OUT OF THE SHADOWS, published by
                                            Piatkus in 2002. What follows is a summary of the context in which the report was
                                            produced and why its discovery is a major event in the history of UFOiogy.

                                            At the dawn of the 21st century it is claimed that slghtings of UFOs have become
                                            so few and far between that one of the oldest groups of civilian enthusiasts, the
                                            British Aying Saucer Bureau, have announced they are closing down. While recent
                                            opinion polls show SO percent of the public believe we have been visited by aliens,
                                            the Ministry of Defence have always denied they had ever taken the subject
                                            seriously.

                                            Fifty years ago, at the height of the Cold War, the situation was radically different.
                                            Sightings of 'flying saucers' made newspaper headlines every day on both sides of
                                            the Atlantic. The now defunct London Sunday Dispatch even described the subject
                                            as "bigger than the Atom Bomb Wars." By the summer of 1950 with war in Korea
                                            and the successful testing of the first Russian atomic bomb adding to growing
                                            international tensions, the Western powers were growing increasingly worried by
                                            the 'flying saucer' mystery.
 Winston Churchill

 Across the world, nervous fingers hovered above the buttons that could trigger a devastating nuclear exchange. Those
 entrusted with weapons of mass destruction had only seconds to decide if an unidentified 'blip' tracked by radar was a
 Russian bomber, guided missile, or simply a "phantom." Whether they existed or not UFOs, quite clearly, had the potential to
 trigger a Third World War.

 Solving the UFO problem became a priority for the top brains in the American CIA and their British counterpart, the MOD's
 Directorate of Scientific Intelligence (DSI). It was the Defence Intelligence staff that were responsible for assessing any
 threat posed by UFOs. The OSI advised the Joint Intelligence Committee who ultimately answered to the Prime Minister.
 Throughout the 1950s the Ministry of Defence tried to calm public fears by debunking 'flying saucer' sightings as meteorites
 or weather balloons, but behind closed doors they had already launched their own secret study, drawing upon the expertise
 of the greatest scientific and military minds of the day.

 Documents discovered hidden In the archives of the Ministry of Defence, reveal how a team dedicated to the study of flying
 saucers was set up in October 1950 working closely alongside the CIA who were involved in their own top secret study. The
 very existence of any "official" study of UFOs had been long denied by the MOD. Even when the minutes of this non~existent
 committee came to light in 1997, the report it produced could not be found. The document, we were repeatedly assured, was
 "absentH from the catalogue at the Public Record Office. Staff concluded it "had not survived the passage of time.". The
 report constitutes the "Holy Grail" to those who have always believed that the Ministry of Defence were involved in a cover-
 up of UFO evidence. It is also an important jigsaw puzzle piece in the history of the Cold War.


 The papers reveal that the "Flying Saucer" study was the brainchild of one of Churchill's most trusted scientific advisors, Sir
 Henry Tizard, best known for his role in the development of Britain's pre-World War Two radar defences that proved so
 decisive during the Battle of Britain. Tizard felt the saucer sightings could not be simply dismissed as delusions, and
 demanded an investigation of the subject following a pro-saucer newspaper campaign backed by one of the most respected
 figures of the day, Lord Louis Mountbatten. Mountbatten and a number of other highly placed officials- including Battle of
 Britain mastermind Air Chief Marshall Hugh Dowding - had privately concluded that flying saucers were advanced craft from
 outer space.


 The Flying Saucer Working Party had five members, representing the elite Technical Intelligence branches of the Air Ministry,
 Admiralty, War Office and Ministry of Defence. It held its first meeting in October of 1950 in a room at the former Hotel
 Metropole In Northumberland Avenue, just yards away from Trafalgar Square. As a result, personnel serving with the RAF
 and Royal Navy were asked to submit sighting reports for Investigation.


 After eight months of sifting through hundreds of X-Files from as far afield as New Zealand, the committee concluded that
 only three originated from trustworthy sources and were worthy further study. In June 1950 a pilot on patrol from RAF
 Tang mere in Sussex sighted a "bright circular metallic object" which sped past his Meteor jet fighter at 20,000 feet. As he
 was undergoing a debriefing by squadron intelligence it emerged that four RAF controllers at an air defence radar station
 near Eastbourne had, at the same time, tracked an "unusual response" that vanished from their screens, moving at terrific
 speed.


http://www.flyingsaucery.com/mod/modcom 1.htm                                                                            22/10/01
. T-he U~umertl%
RPa~dlx
.mmenta~ry
:;a:;   Page 1
2a Page 2


http://www.flyingsaucery.com/mod/comleft.htm   22/10/01
Untitled Document

•                                                ~"'")(t~
    The Rendlesham MoD file: Some Preliminary Thoughts

    Jenny Randles


    The release of this file to David Clarke in May 2001 is of considerable interest,
    given the prominence of the Rendlesham Forest case in UFO thinking. But It also
    has great significance in terms of other modern British incidents - for we might
    now hope to get better official information on them without having to walt 30
    years and find re-investigation badly compromised.

    This recognition may be more important long term than the release of the files on a case
    that was already of diminishing import in terms of scientific UFO evidence - as obvious from
    'The UFOs that Never Were' written two years before this file was released.

    However, Rendlesham has held - and will still hold - a vice-like grip on most UFOiogists
    because it offers them the lure of being 'the big one' - a single case that could change the
    world. And so any information that helps to illuminate the path towards resolution is to be
    welcomed.
    Yet, of course, whilst this file does not add much to any resolution of the case itself, and, it
    will always be arguable whether it even reflects the sum total of official knowledge on both
    sides of the Atlantic (with some no doubt suspecting hidden files may yet lurk somewhere
    unannounced) it is of great value. This is especially because of the picture that it paints
    about the approach of the MoD's public visage to UFO investigation.

    There are no great surprises in the image that it portrays. But there is great interest
    because we now have clear, on the record, data from the MoD that all sensible people
    should accept as being truthful - at least within the purview of those compiling the reports.

    Indeed - I would submit - these records would not be untruthful. They may not be complete
    (indeed the MoD have admitted to withholding some files) but they will be honest. The MoD
    simply would not lie on open record. It would be too potentially destructive for any
    government caught doing so.

    Ralph Noyes - himself a senior figure in the MoD who dealt with UFOs and who ran DS 8 at
    one point in his career - taught me from our various discussions that if the powers that be
    do not want to say something then they do not lie. They just don't say it. If they do say it
    then you can
    confidently assume that it is basically true.

    As such it is proper that we consider this MoD file not as offering untruths but as providing
    genuine pointers towards what happened.

    Here is a summary of the key things that seem to emerge from the new information and
    my thoughts about them- based as yet on only a study of the summary. I will probably add
    more when I examine the full report.

    1: The dating of the Events

    There is no question in my mind - and has not been since one of the three original
    witnesses (John Burroughs) told me this in 1989 - but these two events occurred in
    Rendlesham Forest in the early hours of 26 December and overnight on 27/28 December.

    There were other minor sightings at other times (many caused by airmen who were aware
    of the gossip from around base and so went skywatching in the forest determined to see
    'the UFOs' for
    themselves). But the Rendlesham legend revolves around these two nights.


http://www.flyingsaucery.corn/Rendlesham/comjen1.htm                                         22/10/01
Untitled Document

janyone clings to any other possibility they are wrong to do so.

 For a decade the above simple truth was not thought to be true. Even when the Woodbridge
 police claimed a different date for the initial sighting in late 1983 an~ when l ~ound ~ very
 early note by Brenda Butler which confirmed that her source (the st1ll mystenous a1rman .
 Steve Roberts) had initially told her that it occurred on ~6 December (bu~ then changed thiS
 claim to the following day) we were reluctant to accept 1t because the we1ght of other
 evidence argued against.

  Primarily this meant Colonel Halt's insistence about his mem?, compiled (~~ assumed) from
  witness statements but in reality from his memory alone. ThiS was so pos1t1ve that the
  dates were 27 December and 29/30 December. And he was backed by other witnesses
  (such as Larry Warren) then willing to go on public record.

  This reliance upon false information was a serious problem for the investigation. It
  compromised not only efforts to obtain information from the authorities (Brenda Butler and
  Dot Street asked Woodbridge police to comment within weeks of the sighting but asked
  them about the wrong night and so were never told about the police suggestion that the
  lighthouse was visible from the forest as the might otherwise have been).

  It also meant that we dismissed more readily than we would otherwise have done Ian
  Ridpath's theory that the initial light in the sky was a bright meteor. One of these was
  visible on the night of 26 December and could have triggered a misperception. Yet,
  officially, the sighting did
  not happen on that night. It happened on the next night when there was no meteor. So, of
  course, we tended to be skeptical of this idea in the early years.

  The MoD file shows that the authorities were equally thrown off the track by this
  fundamental error. They had the wrong dates to check out and so any study was pretty
  meaningless. It was not even realised by the MoD as quickly as it was by UFOiogy since
  Halt and the British squadron leader Donald Moreland stood by the dates (as you might
  expect them to do) and so
  the MoD, again naturally, believed trained military personnel and their contemporary
  records.
  It cannot be underestimated here what a simple error did to this case.

  It is hard to appreciate why this cock-up happened, if the events were significant. Halt
  could have studied the signed witness statements and the correct date was in the base log
  book (the blotter). So why wrong dates were imposed onto the case and then allowed to
  stand firm for so many years is always going to be a contentious issue.

  I da_re say some skeptics might contend that it was preferable for UFOiogists and witnesses
  to nd the spectre of explanation by standing by a false date. But I was really glad to have
  the ~ates sorted out in 1989 and it started the slow process towards resolution. UFOiogists
  are, m the mam, here to solve cases and not to perpetuate mysteries. And - do not forget-
  it was one of the original witnesses who clarified the correct dates for me - without
  hesitation - so this hardly suggests that there was a plot to obscure the damaging truth.

  No the problem with the dates - seriously misleading as it was - occurred through an
  apparent m1stake rather than any devious plotting.

  Th.is was the first cock up to inspire beliefs about a conspiracy - many of which persist to
  thls.day. But 1t wa.s not the last and it is a great shame that the error was not spotted
  earlier because th1s case may have unravalled long before it did - since the correct dates
  are the key to finding answers.

  UFOiogy long did not have these dates. And nor, we now know, did the MoD. Both paid the
  price for being innocently mislead - until the story had become a legend amidst its own
  phenomenon.

  This is an object lesson to all people involved in UFO study - including the MoD. Check and
 http://www.flyingsaucery.com/Rendlesham/comjen1.htm                                      22/10/01
Untitled Document

fJeak
· double check basic information. One simple error can have a knock on effect and literally
        years of havoc.

  I should add that this is not a unique circumstance. A similar error occurs in an Irish
  military file released (via IUFOPRA) in late 1997. This described a mid air encounter between
  an Irish transport plane and a UFO at 1.10 am on 31 March 1993. The same event was
  witnessed over the southwest of England by numerous people and was followed up by
  BUFORA within hours. I was acting as Director of Investigations and it was, without
  question, the result of a misperception of the burn up from a Cosmos satellite.

  However, the official Irish military file on the case contains a second sighting backing up
  the transport plane incident. This was by a Captain Cotter at Newcastle, County Dublin.
  From his account there cannot be any serious doubt that he saw the same thing as
  witnesses across the British Isles. Yet he clearly dates his sighting as 1.10 am on 28 March
  - three days to the minute too early - and this was seemingly accepted by the authorities
  because he was a credible, military witness and had signed his statement within hours.

  You would not expect a military officer (here based with the Naval Support Squadron) to
  misrecall a sighting so soon afterwards and get the date wrong by three days. But here, if
  you decline to accept that this is what he did, you must assume that something remarkable
  recurred in identical circumstances 72 hours apart.

  Far more probable is that he got this date wrong and so we face the consequence of
  knowing that if you were to make assumptions based on that error - as many did with
  Rendlesham - you risk misjudging the entire case.

  Dates clearly are vital and we now must always be aware of how they can mislead us.


http:/lwww.flyingsaucery.com/Rendlesham/comjen 1. htm                                  22/10/01
                                                                                                                                                                                          MOD Form 262F
               Registered File Disposal Form                                                                                                                                                (Revised 9/01)

                   FILE TITLE: (Main Heading -Secondary Heading -Tertiary Heading etc)                                                       Reference:
                   \..) '0os;- 'f <=:.~ lS."'<C..C'!( c:_o~~~'tbN~·
                                                                                                                                            ;\;~~c~~\~o~\~\'-'-
                             'D~             C)          C'-'f\~~                                                                            Part:     ~     •                   l
                                                                                              \:) \ c_ .
                   PROTECTIVE MARKING (including caveats & descriptors):


               I   Date of last enclosure:      \~"~"'C)_()()\_ .                                          II   Date closed:
                                                                       <:

                   PART 1.      DISPOSAL SCHEDULE RECOMMENDATION                                                           FOR DEFENCE INFO(EXP)-R USE ONLY
                                (To be completed when the file is closed)


                                Destroy after                               years
                                                                                    D"" I             Date of 1st review
                                                                                                                               II      Date of 2nd review
                                                                                                                                                             II     Forward Destruction Date
                                                                                                                                                                                                         I
                                Forward to INFO(EXP)-R after _ _ years
                                                                                    D         Reviewer's                                        Reviewer's
                                No recommendation
                                                                                    D         Signature:                                        Signature:


                   PART 2.      BRANCH REVIEW
                                (To be fully completed at time of file closure)                                                                                                                    •~
                                (Delete as appropriate)                                                                                                                                            ..-
                                a.   Of no further administrative value and not worthy of permanent preservation. DESTROY IMMEDIATELY (Remember that TOP SECRET
                                and Codeword material cannot be destroyed locally and must be forwarded to INFO(EXP)-R.
                                                                                                                                                                                                  0
                                b.    (i)   To be retained until the end of the year   2010           for the following reason(s):


                                LEGAL
                                                                       D""                       DEFENCE POLICY+ OPERATIONS
                                                                                                                                              D""
                                CONTRACTUAL
                                                                       D                         ORIGINAL COMMITIEE PAPERS
                                                                                                                                              D
                                                                                                                                              D
                                                                       ~
                                FINANCE/AUDIT                                                    MAJOR EQUIPMENT PROJECT

                                DIRECTORATE POLICY                                               OTHER (Specify)
                                                                                                                                              D
               PPQ: 100                                                                                                                                                          (Continued overleaf)


                    (ii)    Key enclosures which support the recommendation are:


                    (iii)   At the end of the specified retention period the file is to be:
                                                         v
                   Destroyed                          IJ
                   Considered by DR for
                   permanent preservation
                                                      n
                                                      L._j
                                                                                                                                                                        v
          c.        Of no further administrative value but worthy of consideration by INFO(EXP)-R for permanent preservation.
                                                                                                                                                                   D
PART3     ==··-=                 l~·             :.   ot below C2/equivalent)                 PART 4 DESTRUCTION CERTIFICATE

                                                                                              It is certified that the specified file has been destroyed.
Signatu
                                                                                              Signature:
Name:
                                                                 J
                                                                      l
                                      (Block Capitals)   • ' '

               _~_L
                                                                                              Name:
Grade/Rank:       ____ Date: ____!___!f__l C) 0 S ,                                                                             (Block Capitals)


Branch Title and Fu!IADAS                   ISQ                                               Grade/Rank:             _ _ _ _ _ Date: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __

                                                                                              Witnessed by (TOP SECRET' and SECRET only)

                                                                                              Signature: - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


                                                                                              Name:
                                                                                                                                (Block Capitals)

                                                                                              Grade/Rank: - - - - - - - - D a t e : - - - - - - - - - -
                                                                                              •(FOR DR USE ONLY)

                                                                                                                                                             t..clrnn   lr1?17$17~   111l"'~
Ministry of Defence
Room8243
Main Building
WhitehaU
London SWlA 2HB                               12 March 2001

Your reference: D/DAS(Sec)/64/3111


Dear


Thank you for your letter of 9 March 200 1 and for the information relating to the three
UFO policy files.

Once again I am grateful that you have been able to locate and review these files on my
behalf Accordingly, I am enclosing with this letter a crossed cheque for £20 made out
to 'MOD Accounting Officer' in advance payment for photocopying and postage as
agreed. If the cost of the work exceeds this amount please let me know.

In the meantime, I look forward to hearing from you with regards to the issues raised
in my letter of 7 February.


                                                                                . ..-
                                                                                ·


                                                                               -. ....._
                   From:
                   MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                   Room 8243, Main Building, Whitehall, London, SW1A 2HB
                                                              Telephone     (Direct dial)   020 721 6 2140
                                                                            (Switchboard)   020 721 8 9000
                                                                            (Fax)
                                                                                            I                I


Dr D Clarke                                                      Your Reference

                                                                 Our Reference
                                                                 DIDAS(Sec)/64/3/11
                                                                 9 March 2001


Dear Dr Clarke

We have been sent the three files mentioned in my letter of2 February that contain, broadly
speaking, policy material on the subject of'UFOs'.

The files are:

AF/419- BBC2 Man Alive Programme- UFOs
AF/S4F(Air)/422 - UFOs- Radio Oxford Programme
S4F(Air)U/506 - Statistical Analysis ofUFOs

These files have now been reviewed and are ready for photocopying and a very small amount of
sanitising. The review, involving reading all the documents on the files, has taken us some 4
hours and has been conducted free of charge under the Code of Practice. Photocopying and
sanitising the papers is estimated at 2 minutes per whole document - in practice some will take a
little less time and those consisting of a number of pages, rather longer. We estimate that this
work will take some one and a quarter hours. At a charge of£ 15.00 per hour, the total cost is
likely to be £20.00. Would you let us know that you are content to meet this charge and we shall
send you the material as soon as possible.

With regard to your letter of 7 February, that raised a number of issues, I hope to be able to write
to you very shortly.

Yours sincerely,
•

    Loose Minute


    D lnfo(Exp)R/3/7 /8

    1 March 2001
                                                                               .~.6).

    Head Air Historical Branch


    Copy to :
    DAS 4a1 (Sec)


    ENQUIRY FROM DR DAVID CLARKE

    Reference: -            email exchange 12 & 15 February 2001

    1. We recently exchanged email on the subject of Forms 541 s (their non-survival).
         The enquirer, Dr Clarke , has now written seeking information about the
         Neatishead GCI (attached).


    2. You will note that Dr Clarke has been advised "by a senior MOD source" that such
         a record "would not have been destroyed and that even if this had been the case,
         a record would have been made.." Clearly the MOD source is not familiar with
         MOD regulations relating to the retention periods of destruction certificates.
         However, I would welcome your comments about the fate of this type of record.


    3.
e
'


                                                          Dr David Clarke


    -
    D eputy Departmental Record Office
    Ministry of Defence
    3-5 Great Scotland Yard
    London SWlA 2HW                                       8 March2001

    Your ref: D INFO(EXP)R/3/7/8


    Dear -

    Thank you for your letter of27 February 2001 replying to my question with regards to
    the absence of Forms 541 from RAF records during 1956. Far from being disappointing, I
    found your reply helpful and the information you provided will allow me to channel my
    research into more fruitful avenues.

    Whilst the information you provided explains the absence of daily records for Squadrons
    and RAF stations for the period I am researching, it does not account for the absence of
    records for the Neatishead GCI radar station relating to this period.

    According to the testimony of the retired senior RAF Fighter Controller who was on duty
    during the night of August 13-14, 1956, he personally completed a detailed logbook
    record relating to the scramble and attempted interception of an unknown target detected
    by the USAF GCA radar at Lakenheath.

    He informs me that a representative from Fighter Command at Stanmore visited shortly
    after these events and removed the Neatishead GCI station logbook for scrutiny by the
    Air Ministry. As the incident recorded by the logbook involved both a radar tracking and
    the 'scramble' of two aircraft from the Battle Flight, it would seem improbable that the
    GCI logbook would have been destroyed.

    I am informed by a senior MOD source that records such as the GCI log relating to an
    event as important as this would not have been destroyed and even if this was the case, a
    record would have had to be made recording who ordered and authorised such
    destruction, and for what reason.

    Despite extensive searches of the PRO records I have been unable to locate a file··relating
    to Neatishead GCI covering the relevant period in 1956. Records do exist for Sector
    Operations Eastern Sector and the 271 Signals Unit, Neatishead, but these do not contain
    the GCI station records. As public records outside the 30 year rule these should be
    available for scrutiny at the Public Record Office.
    •


        Additionally, according to the information provided by the retired RAF Controller, a
        report on the incident I am researching was prepared for Air Ministry by the technical
        intelligence section DDI (Tech) during 1956~57. Records created by DDI (Tech) appear
        in the PRO files for the period 1940-45, but none appear to be available post-1945.

        I would be grateful if you could provide any information regarding the survival, present
        location and public access arrangements in respect of 1) the GCI station logbook from
        RAF Neatishead radar for August 1956 and 2) files created by Air Ministry DDI (Tech)
        relating to the period 1952-58.

        Your assistance is greatly appreciated and I look forward to hearing from you (SAE
        enclosed).


        Yours faithfully,


.
              '                                                                             Page I o f 1


  DAS4A(SEC)
   From:      lnfo(Exp)-Records1
   Sent:      12 February 2001 12:1
   To:        Hd of AHB(RAF)       J
   Cc:        DAS4A(SEC)
   Subject: ENQUIRY FROM DR DAVID CLARKE- FORM 541s


  Dr Clarke is an enthusiastic researcher into unexplained aerial phenomena.

  He is researching an incident which occurred between 0010 hours and 0330 hours GMT on 14
  August 1956, when an unidentified radar track was recorded by the GCI radar station at RAF
  Neatishead.

  Apparently aricraft from 23 Sqn were scrambled from RAF Waterbeach to intercept this
  unidentified radar target. Dr Clarke has traced the pilots and navigators of both aircraft and have
  copies of their personal logbooks which confirm these dates and timings.

  But in trying to confirm these details from records at Kew ie ORBs (AIR 2 7/2 742, AIR 29/2631
  and AIR 2 5 I 1 55 5-6), he has drawn a blank.

  He has been given to understand that the information he seeks would be on Form 541 (the
  appendices!). Some earlier 541 s (194 7) are located at Kew and contain the kind of information
  he seeks, but those for 1956 are not available.

  He asks if those for the periods of interest survive, if so where are they and are they available to
  researchers?


. 12j02j0 1
                                                                                           Page 1 of 1


 DAS4A(SEC)
 From:      lnfo(Exp)-Records1
 Sent:      12 February 2001 12:17
 To:        Hd of AHB(RAF)
 Cc:        DAS4A(SEC)
 Subject: ENQUIRY FROM DR DAVID CLARKE- FORM 541s


 Dr Clarke is an enthusiastic researcher into unexplained aerial phenomena.

 He is researching an incident which occurred between 0010 hours and 0330 hours GMT on 14
 August 1956, when an unidentified radar track was recorded by the GCI radar station at RAF
 Neatishead.

 Apparently arfcraft from 23 Sqn were scrambled from RAF Waterbeach to intercept this
 unidentified radar target. Dr Clarke has traced the pilots and navigators of both aircraft and have
 copies of their personal logbooks which confirm these dates and timings .

 But in trying to confirm these details from records at Kew ie ORBs (AIR 2 7/2 742, AIR 29/2631
 and AIR 2 5/1 55 5-6), he has drawn a blank.

 He has been given to understand that the information he seeks would be on Form 541 (the
 appendices!). Some earlier 541 s (194 7) are located at Kew and contain the kind of information
 he seeks, but those for 1956 are not available.

 He asks if those for the periods of interest survive, if so where are they and are they available to
 researchers?


12/02/0 1
.. ....   .:t.   •.


                                                                            Dr David Clarke


                      Ministry of Defence
                      Room 8241, Main Building
                      Whitehall
                      London SWIA 2HB                                       7 February 2001


                      Many thanks for your letter of2 February and for the results of your review of UFO
                      policy material from the period 1968-198 I . I note your comments concerning the
                      process by which ' policy' material was distributed across files created by the
                      Secretariat, and the problems identifying this material within a range of subject files.

                      I was surprised to hear that 'a number of files' dealing with UFOs were likely to have
                      been destroyed in 1990. It was my understanding that a policy decision had been
                      taken during 1970, on instruction from an Under Secretary of State, to preserve all
                      files relating to this subject. Has there been a subsequent change of policy, or does the
                      preservation of files relate specifically to UFO reports, rather than UFO policy
                      documents?

                      Despite the above, I was pleased to hear that you had identified three files containing
                      policy material from the period specified in my request, including the file AF/419
                      relating to the 1972 BBC2 Man Alive Programme. I appreciate the effort you have
                      made to locate these documents and to review them on my behalf, arid I look forward
                      to hearing the results in due course. I would of course wish to obtain copies of the
                      documents concerned when this review is completed.

                      With regards to my request for access to more recent policy material I would like to
                      take up your offer to search files if I was able to specify "a particular year, topic or
                      incident." My research into the MOD's involvement in the UFO issue during the past
                      half century would not be complete, or comprehensive, without making reference to
                      the saga of the "Rendlesham Forest/RAP Woodbridge" incident which occurred
                      between 26-30 December, 1980. You will no doubt be acquainted with the details of
                      the alleged 'sightings' by US airmen and others at the RAF Woodbridge base, which
                      has generated sensational newspaper articles, books and a number of letters from
                      members of the public addressed to your Secretariat ever since that time. Last year the
                      claims resurfaced yet again in a further book entitled ' You Can 't Tell the People,' the
                      subject of questions in the House of Lords as recently as last week.

                      My review of the MOD's public statements relating to the Rendlesham case since it
                      first received national publicity in 1983 have led me to agree with your original
                      position that the alleged events had "no defence significance." Having visited the
                      forest and observed the optical effects created by the beam from the Orfordness
          lighthouse, I am inclined to agree that a completely down-to-earth explanation is
          readily available. Wherever the truth may lie, my interest is in the process whereby
          the MOD reached their original decision, and how public statements on this issue
          have been interpreted by the media and others who wish to promote fantasy rather
          than reality. In order to understand the decisions taken, it would be necessary to have
          access to the briefings upon which your Secretariat must have relied in order to
          answer both Parliamentary and public questions on this matter.

          In a reply to a question from Martin Redmond MP in the Commons, the former
          Defence Minister Nicholas Soames said the original report from RAF Woodbridge
          was "assessed by the staff in my Department responsible for air defence
          matters ... [and] the judgement was that it contained nothing of defence significance"
          (24 July 1996, Written Answers). In a reply to an earlier question requesting a list of
          papers held relating to the case, Mr Soames said other than the report written by the
          USAF deputy base commander "the documents held by my Department are internal
          staffing papers and correspondence from members of the public relating to the alleged
          events" (10 June 1996, Written answers).

          As this 'incident' has been the subject both of questions in the Commons and the
          Lords, not to mention the focus of numerous enquiries from the public and news
          media, it must have generated a considerable number of Parliamentary briefings and
          internal policy documents. In the Lords on 30 January 2001 Baroness Symons
          referred to "surviving departmental records [which satisfy us] that nothing of defence
          significance occurred on the nights in question." I would ask, therefore, if it would be
          possible to carry out a review of the file/s which relate to this incident in order to
          determine if these records couid be released (in a sanitised form, if necessary) for use
          in my research. This would enable me to place the MOD's public policy relating to
          this incident into its correct context.

        Finally, to bring my study fully up to present I wish to ask if it would be possible to
f')
 •      arrange a formal 'question and answer' session with a member ofDAS(Sec) staff, or
      ~ an appropriately briefed MOD PR officer to discuss UFO policy as it stands today. In
        my journalistic capacity, I have discussed this subject with Squadron Leader~
       ~ring his duty on the RAF Press Desk, on a number of occasions and
          waysollnd my questions answered comprehensively and helpfully. The questions I
        ask will be of a general nature, and I could supply a summary in advance ifthis would
        be helpful. You will find that my approach to the UFO subject is generally in
        sympathy with that adopted by the MOD. In my opinion no objective historian who
        has researched the documentary evidence available at the Public Record Office could
        arrive at any other conclusion, but I believe that the issue deserves study in terms of
        what we can learn about a range of subjects from perceptual psychology to social
        history.

          In the meantime, thank you for your assistance with my inquiries and I look forward
          to hearing from you in due course.

          Yours sincerely,
  15 JAN '01 15:25 FROM DGMD,DMCS.DOMD LONDON                   TO j6@6i!S! 140j        P.01


                        OMD14
                        Ministry of Defence
                        Room 817,
                        Northumberland House
                        Northumberland Avenue
                        LONDON
                        WC2N 5BP

                        Telephone
                        Fax:


Fax
                                               Pages;   1 (including this cover page)
                                               Date:    12111 January 2000

          Dr Clark~ UFO files.


  Dr Clarke: Thanks for faxing the DIS letter over to me. Having spoken with DOMD
  I'm happy that you treat your end of Dr Clarke's request as complete. However rv·~
  contacted DIS about the file they mention in their letter. I can't see a reason fc:-
  refusing to release the information concerned. We'll chase them up on this.!! th~J
  agree to release this info to Dr Clarke will I get them to forward it to you? --
                       long as the files withheld by the RAF would reveal details of
   opc:rctt:lorual procedures then exemption la is okay. Any other information would have
 ! to be considered separately. Was there a possibility of releasing some info but not the
/ whole document? If not, then I'm happy with the letter to go out as is.
  Once again, rm sorry about the delay in getting back to you.
    0


-
                                                                                   ** TOTAL PAGE. 01 **
•                      From:
                       MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                       Room 8241, Main Building, Whitehall, London, SW1A 2HB
                                                                    Telephone     (Direct dial)
                                                                                  (Switchboard)
                                                                                  (Fax)
                                                                                                  1!1!1
                                                                                                  :stas:: as,
    Dr D W Clarke                                                     Your Reference

                                                                      Our Reference
                                                                      DIDAS(Sec)64/3/ l
                                                                      Dote
                                                                      2 FebJUary 2001


    Dear Dr Clarke,

    Thank you for your letter of 15 January enclosing your cheque for £183.75 for the reviewing,
    sanitising and photocopying work done on your behalf The cheque was sent to Defence Records
    with the request that a receipt be issued to you.

    A review of material from the period 1968 to 1981 identified some eighty files. As a part of the
    work of the Secretariat is to handle correspondence from members of the public, policy discussion
    on how best to answer a particular letter has tended to be spread across the range of subject files
    rather than appearing exclusively in designated "Policy" files. Starting by iso1ating only those
    files with policy in the title we trawled through the Records area of the Department before
    conducting a search of files still with the Secretariat. The conclusion of that search was that it ~­
    appeared that a number of files are likely to have been destroyed in 1990; a few 'UFO' files
    including policy volumes were among that number. I am sorry to have to give you this
    disappointing news.

    We have, however, identified three files that contain some policy material. One of those was the
    AF/419 'UFOs' BBC2 Man Alive Programme' mentioned in your recent letter. I am now calling
    for those files to be returned to this building. The room in which they are kept has been closed to
    staff for some ten days for repair work but I am hoping that Records staffwill have access next
    week so that they can send them to me. I am not sure how many documents those files might
    contain so I will not attempt to estimate how quickly we might review and photocopy relevant
    material. I shall however write again once the files have reached us.

    ln your letter of 15 January you also refer to more recent policy material. As I indicate above,
    policy discussion is spread over the series of 'UFO' subject files as well as being located-on
    specific policy files but if you were able to indicate a particular year, topic or incident, we shall
    conduct a search.

    Yours sincerely,
•   LOOSE MINUTE


    D/DAS(Sec)/64/3/11y


    23 January 2001


    Info(Exp)-Records 1


    CHEQUE FROM DR CLARKE FOR WORK UNDERTAKEN


    1.     Please find attached a cheque for £183.75 from Dr.Clarke for the material you kindly
    provided, plus a copy of his covering letter to

    2.     I would be grateful if you could arrange for a receipt to be sent to Dr Clarke.


      DAS(Sec)4ala
    -          MB8245
•                              -·-· .
                                 --~    ~


                                                       --l   Dr David Clarke


                       ~-         -----.&:...... ~ .


    Ministry of Defence
    Room 8243
    Main Building
    Whitehall
    London SWIA 2HB                                          15 January 2001

    Your ref: D/DAS (Sec)64/3/l


    De~

    Many thanks for your letter of 5 January. The parcel containing copies of the files I
    requested arrived here at the end oflast week, and in return I enclose a crossed cheque
    made out for the amount agreed. It would be helpful if you could let me have a receipt
    specifying the work done for use in my end of year accounts.

    I wish to thank you and the staff who worked to process my request before the holiday.
    Your help is very much appreciated and the material )OU sent wiil be of great i1elp a~ pan
    my ongoing research, which will acknowledge the assistance the MOD have provided.

    With regards to my request for copies of "additional UFO policy files 1968-81 ", I look
    forward to your response when this is convenient. Having reviewed the contents of the
    policy file AF/3459/75 I would certainly wish to see more recent policy documents, as
    these are directly relevant to my research into the UK Government's official position on
    this nebulous subject.

    Further to the above, I wonder if you could include within the category "UFO policy files
    1968-81 "a copy of the file AF/419 "UFOs: BBC2 Man Alive Programme" which I
    believe dates from the year 1972. This TV programme is referred to in the 1970 file, and
    is of interest as it appears to have been the first time an MOD spokesperson appeared on
    British TV to answer questions on the UFO issue. I'm happy to leave to your discretion
    what other files are deemed to fall within the terms of my supplementary request. This
    will form the sum total of my request under the Code ofPractice for Access to
    Government Information.

    With regards to my question regarding the location ofthe missing file DSIIJTIC Report
    No 7. I'm satisfied that your staff have done everything reasonable to locate this
    document, but it is encouraging that you do not appear to completely rule out the
    possibility that it could have survived and may one day be found. In the meantime, I will
•   continue to pursue other lines of inquiry to locate the document and if successful will
    provide the MOD with a new copy for your records.

    I look forward to hearing from you,


    Dr D.W.Ciarke
    ,.
              !5 Lloyds TSB
              Church Street Sheffield Branch
                                                                                30-97-51


•
              1 4 Church Street Sheffield South Ynr.............
                                                                   Date   IS JA--JvA,;ey
              Pay                                                             'UJO I
         "'
         ~
         a>
          ~   ~~~~~~===1~~~~~~~~~~~


         !
.,_..    .
        ...


                                                                                  1
                                        ........~~-~·'·" ' ..                              .
                                                                                        """\
                                        / ~'. I .:.·.
                                           ...,_,   .
                                                                         -~                    Dr David Clarke


                ;&2"
                                            _ j : · ·.·· '•


              -
              Room8243
                                              ----~             '
                                                                                  I.!
                                                                    . :• ~ ' ...._ :'


              Main Building
              Whitehall
              London SWlA 2HB                                                                  15 January 2001

              Your ref: D/DAS (Sec)64/3/l


              De~
             Many thanks for your letter of 5 January. The parcel containing copies of the files I
             requested arrived here at the end of last week, and in return I enclose a crossed cheque
             made out for the amount agreed. It would be helpful if you could let me have a receipt
        -'"? specifying the work done for use in my end of year accounts.                     ~

              I wish to thank you and the staff who worked to process my request before the holiday.
              Your help is very much appreciated and the matenal you sent wili be of great help as part
              my ongoing research, which will acknowledge the assistance the MOD have provided.

              With regards to my request for copies of "additional UFO policy files 1968-81 ", I look
              forward to your response when this is convenient. Havin~'\the contents of the
              policy file AF/3459/75 I would certainly wish to see mor~icy documents, as
              these are directl relevant to my research into the UK Government's official position on
              this nebulous subject.                                   ---- - -
              --.....w-~
                              -                                                                       =


              Further to the above, I wonder if you could include within the category "UFO policy files
              1968-81 "a copy of the file AF/419 "UFOs: BBC2 Man Alive Programme" which I
              believe dates from the year 1972. This TV programme is referred to in the 1970 file, and
              is of interest as it appears to have been the first time an MOD spokesperson appeared on
              British TV to answer questions on the UFO issue. I'm happy to leave to your discretion
              what other files are deemed to fall within the terms of my supplementary request. This
              will form the sum total of my request under the Code of Practice for Access to
              Government Information.

              With regards to my question regarding the location of the missing file DSIIJTIC Report
              No 7. I'm satisfied that your staff have done everything reasonable to locate this
              document, but it is encouraging that you do not appear to completely rule out the
              possibility that it could have survived and may one day be found. In the meantime, I will
,   >   •


            continue to pursue other lines of inquiry to locate the document and if successful will
            provide the MOD with a new copy for your records.

            I iook forward to hearing from you,


            Yours sincerely,


            Dr D.W.Ciarke
                  From:
                  MINI           OF DEFENCE
                  Room 8243, Main Building, Whitehall, London, SW1A 2HB
                                                              Telephone       (Direct dial)
                                                                              (Switchboard}     ·...· . .L.
                                                                              (Fax)
                                                                                              ~


                                                                 Your Reference

                                                                 Our Reference
                                                                 D!DAS(Sec)64t3/ l   If""
                                                                 Ihte
                                                                 5 January 200 I


Dear Dr Clarke,

Thank you for your letter of2 January enquiring about progress photocopying the material you
requested.

The task was finished on 2l December, the material reached this building between Christmas and
New Year and is now being packed for posting to you. I am not sure how many days it may take
to reach you and so, although I shall have a copy of this letter placed in the parcel, I am also
sending a separate copy to keep you informed.

You will receive the contents of:

       AIR 2/18564 (PRO reference)
                                                                                                              •
       AIR 2/18873 (PRO reference)

       AF/584 (MOD reference)

       AF/3459/75 (MOD reference)

A number of 'UFO• related documents on files DEFE 3119 and DEFE 44/1 have also been
photocopied and accompany the material listed above.

The work has taken 16 hours and 15 minutes to complete and, as indicated in my letter of 6
October, the first 4 are free of charge. The remaining 12 hours and 15 minutes, at £15.00 an hour,
result in a cost of £183 .75. I would be grateful if you would let me have your crossed cheque,
made payable to "Accounting Officer MOD .. , once all the material has reached you.

I apologise for the fact that I am still not able to reply to your request concerning the "additional
policy files 1968-81 ". If, by the middle of next week a response early in January seems unlikely I
shall let you know.

Finally, in your letter of 10 October, you asked about the possibility of a further search within
MOD files for DSI/JTIC Report Number 7. Unfortunately, there are not the resources to
undertake a full search of files stored in the MOD archives, which seems to be what you have in
mind. However. Records staff have, in recent years, seen many files in the course of an
•   accelerated review of records closed for more than 30 years and reviewed DIS material more than
    20 years old. As even this extensive work, along with more recent searches, has failed to locate
    Report Number 7 the opinion, that it has not survived the passage oftime, appears very
    reasonable. Perhaps your other lines of inquiry have been more successful.


    Yours sincerely,
~~---'"-'" -. ;':i~~- _- REST8J¢TJ:D1~!!j,I)ED-                                                                                                                                     . MOD Form 329 D


            -. - .MINISTRY; OF DEFENCE
                                                               '                                                   \
                                                          . I. ATTENTION IS· DRAWN TO THE                                                                        DIVISION

          ·. )(.9 .                                            NOTES ON THE INSIDE FLAP
                                                                       '                               -
       -_~o-r7~                                             2. ENTER NQTES OF RELATED FILES
.      \ /- .
                -~      .::;
                                                              ·ON PAGE 2 OF THIS JACKET                                                                          FOR REGISTRY USE ONLY
    . .         ----   <:'

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ------

                                                                   SUBjECT

                                                                       U,N.l.D..sN:l.l.f:.L€JJ........... ..f.i,Y.JN~...........O.J3.:::f€.C.X$.. :::..... .f'O..(,tC.Y .... ..
                                                                       .8~N0 .............6.t..H:.Y.............S:1'f:):f.ftt.e.t>Jf.S. ........................ :.................................. .

                                                                       ........................,........................................................................................................................................

                                                                                                                                                                             Referred to                                   DATE


                                                                                                                 MO
     LO                                                                                                  CSOi
                                                                                                         - B JAN
                                      .
                                 ·?~,;';
                               . . .

      ·.    .'                  "' ~-·-


      -THi
     --""-__;_.+---+-- II
     •R)


                                                           '


           ) USE ONLY                                                                            DOWNGRADING
           )ate                                   (to be completed as necessary, and In any event when the file goes out of current use)

                                           (i) This file may be downgraded to UNCLASSIFIED co ......................::........................................... .
                                                                                                                                                                                     (insert dare)
                                                        ANNEX TO
                                                        SOP 502


REPORT OF AN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT


    Date, Time &                                                           '
lA· Duration of Sicrhtincr
    Description of Object
B. (No. of objects, size,                  J) ,
    shaee, col,ovr, br~ptnessf-,, H'"-J, ~ ~vdL ·
    Exact Pos1t10n of bserver              ·
C. Location, indoor/outdoor,                        '
    stationary /moving
    How Observed. (Naked eye,
D. binoculars, other optical
    device, still or movie)
    Direction in which object first seen
E. (A landmark may be more useful
    than a badlJ::: estimated bem·ing)
F. Angle of Sight(Estimated heights are unreliable)
                                                                       -
G. Distance(By reference to a known landmark)
   Movements(Changes in E F & G
H. may be of more use than estimates
   of course and S[>eed)
   Met Conditions during Observations
J. (Moving clouds, haze mist etc)
   Nearby Objects (Telephone lines,
   high voltage lines, reservoir, lake
   or dam, swamp or marsh, river,
K. high buildings, tall chimneys, steeples,
   spires, TV or .radio masts, airfields,
   generating plant, factories, pits or
   other sites with floodlights or
   night lighting)
                                                                      ..
   To Whom Reported (Police,
L.
   militarx, eress etci
M. Name & Address of Informant
             ·;

   Background of Informant
N. that mayi be volunteered
             .I   •
             ·I
                                                                   --~-'
              I
             ·I
0. Other W~tnesses

P. Date , Time of Receipt
                                                              ·-----·-


                             A-·1
•    !
            Q,      Detailed Met Report.                                                .. ,.;

                    (AEGR"to Obtain)                                                   :-: ..:<-;:_ ;~:~~-~};~;:~J/~i~.::-'·   :
                     -~               ..
            R,        -   Assessment .
     ...             Check radars, ATCCs etc)

                    1. · Aircraft •
                    2. Ranges.
                    3. Gliding,

                    4. Balloon.
                    5. Air Sea Rescue
                          Activities.


                                                              '
                                                   • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • eo • • • • ~ • •

                                                   Squadron Leader
                                                   Duty Operations Officer
           Date . ......••............             AF-GR{R:AP)·


           Copies to:
•'
           S4f(Air) . . .; . . · · ., c
           -s-wee  v '.L,, .. .
           Ops(GE)2(RAF)
           DI 55              1


           J:>.l:.-fitlG .
           Science 4 3 :I
           File AFOR/12/502


                                           · A-2
•
    j ''~om·
      .! . . . . .


                     M~~..I!STf\Y        Cl"   DE~=ENCE
                     Main Building Whitehall London SW1A 2HB
                     Teie~hane o·J-218         (O;rect Di~!lir.G)
                               01-21 S SOOO    (Swhchbo~r..i)


             - - - - - - - -·----
                                                                        Your reference

     Royal Hollow·ay College
                                                                        Our reference
     Egham :!:Li.ll
     Egham                                                              £F/CX 80/70
                                                                        Date
     Surrey
     T\120 0"8X                                                          ?,o July 1975


     Dear
     I apologise for the delay in ansHerinv your rr.;ouest for access tc: the
     Ninistry of Defence fiJ.es on Unidenti.fied }?lyin-g Objects - the rrt'J:~:e
     so as I must send a disappointing reply.
     1•/e h<.we given a good deal of thought to t)lis proposal but I am foreed
     to the conclusicn that t'iiO difficulties stand jn the way, Firstly.,
     the correspondeY.·;:)e bet>;een the Departmenf, and rr;embers of the puLlic
     on this subject has aJ.>;ays been treated 2.s confidential, and the
     reports could not be made available unless every single piece of
     paper •,,-ere edited to re"'ove the i.denti ty of .the observ-er, or his
     written permissj on were obtained to di V'J.:cge the information he had.
     provided. This in itself would be a fon:id.able task and, 11hile I
     have every confidence in your assurance i;hat the anonymity of
     l·li tnesses l•rould be respected, I cannot e\·ade responsibil:L ty for
     inad.vertent.disclosurP..
     Nore ir1lportantly, the files 1-!0LJ.ld have to be expurgated of
     JI'Ii.nistry of Defe:..1ce cornraentaries. J?or obvious reasons, >·re have to
     catisfy our~3e:tves that reports of U:F'Os have ;no implications for th<S
     defence of'' the country and our advisers naturally draw on classili.ed
     j_nforruation where this r:ight be relevant to a specific report und2r
     discussion. Here again there is a ch<":J.ce that something might slip
     :!IJr~ugh ami this is a risk I cannot afford to ignore.

     I am very sorry I can11ot be more helpful "but I c·an. assure you we
     have not treated your request lightly.
                                                                    You.rs since:::-ely
     •         LCCSE NINU:CE

               S4(Air) (Hr Peduzie)
               Copy to:- DCS(RAF)

               UFO Rl'JCORDS
               Reference: AE'/CX 80/?0·da.ted 6 June
               1.   DCS(RAF) has asked me to reply to your minute at reference.
               2. The Royal Ifolloway College •team' which comes in practice
               from REG, King's College, London and 1•Tational Physical Laboratory,
               seems to be a group of academics dravrn together by an interest
               in UFOs. It 1wuld be difficult to distinguish it from any other
               group of academics ;rhich might be dra1m together by a cor:!ll'.on
               interest, of 1-1hich there could be many, and therefore I do not
               oelieve that it can be described as 'a maier scientific
               organisation of high standing'. For this"reason I su:;gest that
               the request be turned- do·":·m.
               3. I also have some reservations about the objective of the
               study. It is described as 'obtaining data concerning rare
               atmospheric events, such as "ball-lightni.'lg" ...... for u.se as
               material for a .scientific conference on little-understood aerial
               phenomena". Dr Christop.!)_er ~ans is an applied psychologist
               who has i·lritten books on topics such as scientolcgy, Sub bud
               and other fringe activities' and \•rho also appears fre1uently
               on TV and radio. It therefore appears that the study might
               range _more ;ridely~.than the brief description suggests. I.n any
               case you 1'i0Uld require more ii:lforr:1ation befo1·e it could be called
               'strong scientific reason' for undertaking the work.
 ,             4. H"owever, I believe that soor'.er or later somebody >-rill break
               this confidentiality barrier, and the data 1Jill have to be
~
r 'l'
\; r''.
          II   sanitised. F2ve you considered asking the Air ffistorical Branch
               whether they could em:Jloy a consultant to do this'?
                       .


               11 June 75                              J :5 A HAlL'USOT
                                                       ACS (G) RA.F
  !.COSE MINUTE


  PS/CS(RAF)


  1.   I attach a copy or a lette~ f~om Royal Holloway College, University or
  London, in which they seek access to our UFO records.

  2.   We are not in:t':requently asked by outside bodies or indi·;iduals for permission
  to examine our UFO repo!'ts. Up to now these ba ve all been r,:fused on the grounds
  that ell correspondence between MOD and mer:~bers of the public is regarded as ·
  contidentia:J. and. could not be made available to ?Ublic acru·r.iny unless the l'epo:M:s
  were edited to preserve the anonymity of the ~·eporter or th~ observer's per-wission
  were obtained. I~ would also be necessary to examine all tne records to ensure
  that no classified ir£ormation used in the course of inveatig~ting reports was
  inadvertently releaesd. The tim<> and et'fo.rt in this task would be formidable and
  up to !lOW we have taken the general line that reporta shoul<! remain closed until
  they became availabls uz:.der the l'uhlio Record Acts after 30 years.

  3.    ~:inisters have snnounced, hc<Veve;:o, that an application~- for acoells would be
  oonaiCI.ered on its me.rits i f it cF.lme :·rom a major scientific organisation of high
  standing which ha<l st:r-o:ng re11sor.e f.'or e:calllining our record:~. The question is
  whether this concession should boa ext<>nded to the Royal HolUway College, who are
  r1ell awar<> of the Ministerial undal•taking. I do not think c.ur files would help
  them - the MOD investigations go no f'urther then the dei,ence '..mplications - but the
  raw material could I suppose !w.ve objectiye value.

  l;.. I should be gratet'..tl for your views on the standing o:f the Royal Holloway
  College team as a ttMajor Scientific Organisation" and whether the relevance of the
  UFO reports to their enquiries can be construed as a "~.£reason".

  5. I am aura we ::an rely on your objective ·advice. My heE.rt quails at the thought
  of' the massiv<> editing that might have to be d_one and, with :"11r overtaxed resourcea,
  I would not wish to embark on it unless in your view it has " demonstrable scientific
   value.


                                                           ~- f)    .
                                                          ,)«--~F
h Jun 75 ·                                                 J A Fr.DUZIE
                                                          S4(Air)


                                                                   ··':.
•                 MINlSTRY OF DEfENCE
                  Main Building WhiteiJ:ill London SW1A 2HE·
                  Telephono 01 ~21 S
                            01·21.19000
                                          (Direct Dialling)
                                          (Switchboard)

    r==··::::'=::=======;-'-
                                                              Your reftmmco
     Royal Hollway College
     j':gham Hill   ·
                                                              Our refer ~nc:a
     £gham
    . surrey                                                  AF/7461./72 1 c;< 1J,J7o
                                                              Dato               l
     1'1120 OEX
                                                       ~ gM<Jy 1975


     Deal' 1

     X am writing to th<Jok yo-u t:o:t' your recent letter about
     unidentified. flyl.ng object reporta: this is reoel.va.ng
     attention and we ~<ill write to you again on thi3 subjeot
     :<6 ·soon en possible<·.

                                                               Yours f'ai thf'ully


                                                               H E MACKBY
             '


•   }{()y:l! lJO!IOWllY College University or'I.ondcn


     :please reply to
                                                             Egham Hill
                                                             Egham
                                                             Surrey TW20 or
                                                             Egham 6371


    . Department S4f(Air)
      MINIS'I'RY OF DEFENCE
      Whitehail, LondonSWl
     ·J.·"


     Dear Birs
     l•'u.rther to                 rece:nt teJ.e·;:>J:lOne
     oonversat1on vd.th Miss Jamieson of you:!:· Depart-
     ment, we are writing to request that W•3 be
     permitted to have access to the Department's
     f:D.es on Unidentifi•ld Flyh1g Object reports,
     in the hope that data might thereby b.e obtained
      concel~ning rare atmospheJ:ic events, su·Jh as
      11 ball-lie;htning",


      ~'h.e d.ata would be used as material for a. scien-
       tific conference on little-understood aerial
       phenomena. Should you require further infor-
       tr.ation, please let us knmv.
       '£his request is made ·On the understandLng that
       we would respect the Department's poli·~Y of
       witness anonymity. Youmay wish to impose fur-
       tli.er restrictions, although we would p:ee:fer to
        be unJ1arnpered by such so far as possible.
        'J'hanlc you in anticipation of your consideration.
         of this request.


                                                        ----------- -------------
•


    I
//.
')MD/130/26/2

        LOOSE MINUTE

        DI 55/4.0/9/1

        Miss G J Jamieso~
        84f'(Air)
        Room S~35"MB

 7      UFO REPORTS
        1.   I have ex~mined your UFO report 557/10/20 and have the
        following comments.                                       .....
        2.     The time of' the sighting is within 3 minutes of' the time of'
        "nautical twilight" f'or that day.     The sky also seems to have been
        cloudy.      In late October there could well have been a layer of'
        ice crystals in the atmosphere which might have produced an halation
        ef'f'ect f'rom the sun's rays.   The net result is the appearance of'
        a "false sun" such as is frequently seen in Arctic regions when
        the sun is just below the horizon.      It often appears "diamond
        shaped".
        3.   Thank you f'or referring to the change in procedures.    I
        propose that, under these circumstances, we should no longer receive
        UFO reports routinely.    Any reports which are difficult to categorise
        could perhaps be sent to DI 55b on a monthly basis, as has in f'act
        been happening.    We would also welcome receipt of' your statistics
        at whatever period you prepare them.


                                                              DR J WALTON
                                                              f'or ADI/DI 55


                                                                                 I
                                                                           \·/l
•   P.F/CX 80t70

    DI5Sb' (Dr Walton)

    I sh.ciJld be gr~.tef\:..1 f'or any ccmnent3 ycu C:in :ilake concern.::
    the UFO sighting reported in the attache<= folder 557/lC/2C.
    Enquiriea made by STCCC of Air Defence Radars have proved
    negative.

    2.     You will wish to know that US of S (RAF) haa agreed tl-
    ohange of procedures in dealing wi\h correspondence f~
    tbe public concerrdrlg UFOsJ proposed in S4(P.ir)' .a lcose
    minute AF/CX 8C/7C o !' 16 DeceQber, and reports received
    e.fter 1 January 1972 will be ackno·oledged by S4-."(Air) L-:t tr
    for::; of the attached letter. Yol: m.;y wis:l to consider
    w'cether we should periodically fonvard any ct" the re])orts
    to your branch for perusal.


                                            Miss G .J Jamieson
      h    Jc.r:.uazy 1972.
                                            S4-"(Air)
                                            ME Ext: 70.35
•                                                                •

                                             MINISTRY OF DEFENCF.s:u(Air
                                            Main Building, Whitehall; LoNDON S.W.I
                                              Telephone: wmtehall7022, ext.

Owreferena:          A:F/CXS0/70 .
Your ro/lll"ltlt4:              ·                                      ~ January 1972


Sir
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
Reference A: AF/X58/64/S4f(Air) dated 29 March 1967
In Reference A guidance was given on the action to be taken by units on
receipt of reports of unidentified flying objects.
I am directed· to inform yqu that approval has now been given for~change
of procedure in dealing with correspondence with the public about
reported UFO sightings. All reports will be examined as heretofore so tha
defence implications, if any, may be investigated. However, with the
limited resources now available to deal with correspondence from the
public on the subject of UFOs, the Department can no.longer undertake to
advise observers of the probable identity of the object seen, It is
therefore necessary for Item-rQ, which asks if a reply is requested, to be
deleted from the form on which reports are made. All reports received by
units should, as in the past, be forwarded to AFOR for normal circulation
action.                                      ·
Reports will be acknowledged _by S4f(Air) to the observer with a short pro-
forma letter.     ·
Any enquiries from the press should, as before be referred atDthe }unistry
of Defence Press office.                      1

It will be necessary to continue to categorize reports where possible for
the Department's records of UFOs and the monthly summary currently .
prepared by·HQ Strike Command (STCOC) will therefore still be tequired.
                                          I am Sir
                                                  Your obedient Servant •
                                     ..
                                                 ·../!Jf~
                                  .MISS G J JAMIESON
 To:· Air Officers Commanding-in-Chief     Copies to: AFOR
      Strike Command                                  DPR(RAF)
      Air Support'command                             DST1         .
      Maintenance Command                             Ops(GE)2c(RAF)
      Training Command · ·                            ATSA2-MrRice
                                                                                                            AF/PS ~~7~·

•                J
                     ""'S"'-4   A:. =i: .: :.r. ~. .)_(>..:.Mr=-:=.:Da:=..v:...:i;.c,j'
                            .>..:(

                                                                       p -'-
                                                                                          Reference......•..•..........--------~


                                                                                          ~          Mv. e~
                                                                                                     M,.._. o
                                                                                                     /VI/ .,.
                                                                                                                'i
                                                                                                                f"-<.-;...-...,_-
                                Copy to:                        DUS(Air)
                                                                D of Ops(A Def & 0) (RAF) .
                                                                                              f'&                    f-
                                                                                                                                1
                                                                ~s~f Ops(S)(RAF)            (j_}~/
                                                                DR Met 0                        (I
                                                                DPR(RAF)


                                      UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS - SUGGESTED
                                                   NEW PROCEDURES


                          US of S(RAF) is content with the change
                     in procedures proposed in your minute
                     reference AF/CX 80/70 dated 16th December
                     1971, and with the Proforma Letter as
                     amended by DUS(Air) (attached).


                                                                                 (N.J. BEAUMONT)
                                                                                 PS to US of S(RAF)
                     31st December 1971


    CODE 18-78
                                                                          DRAFT PRO-FORMA LETTER
            I am writing to thank you for your report. of an unidentified
       flying object seen on ••••.•.•.••..•.•••.•••••• _••••.• ..••••••.•..•.••-•..
                                                                                                                                                                       •:   .....
            We are grateful to you for advising the Department of this
       incident and your report will be examine.d in the Ministry of Defence to
       see if there are any defence implications.                                                                                                                              We canno~ undertake to
       pursue our research, other than for defence implications, to a point
       where positive correlation with a known object is established, nor to
                     .,
       advise you of the probable identity of the object seen •
                                                          ....~ AA<-1J'.o.......<>k~ 0...
         /_Jo~ will no do¥b~ wish t.o know,. however, that the gPeat~jgrity
~-15-·~~~                                                                                                                   ...
'f)   J.. of UFO reports 1 t~ t"o have inund:ane explanatiene, the most common .
       single source being aircraft or the lights of aircraft seen under
                                              •
       unusual meteorological conditions. Other common sources have proved to
       be astronomical sightings, space satellites or spac.e junk, balloons,
       unusual cloud formations or aircraft condensatio·n trails.                                                                                                                            Investiga-
       tions over a number of years have so far produced no evidence that UFOs
       represent an air aefence threat to·· the. 1Jni ted Kingdom •
                                                                                                                                                        .    ·.·

                                                                          _:.     '.                                              ' ·~-;      '·
                                        . .·:· ... ,                  I    ....
                                                                                               '   . _: .~~
                                                                                                              ~

                                                       ;· :·; !           -- '; , .

               ·\ '.                           •                                           ·, .. -                ~-;    ..        --~ . ·;-,      .. · .,


                                                                                                                                                   , ___ .;_
               ., . . .-                                                                   .        I,        '         .!·•.·.                                    '' .
                                                                                   -... ('
                                                                                       .. .' .                                                                      ... ,._


                                                                                                                                           .-,-
                                   ·,   '.                                                                                  '
                           .".•.                                                                                                                                                    ' ..
                                                       --   -~    '


                                                                                                   ~·:'
                                                  ',- ..·


                                                                                                                  ~'::':.-  .
•
LOO.   1-D:NUTE
                                              •


AF/CX 00/70


PS/US of S(.RAF) £through DUS(Airl7
Copies to: AUS(O)(Air)
           D of Qps(A Def & O)(P~)
           D of Ops(S)(RAF)
           DST1
           DR Met 0
              DPR(RAF)

UlllDBIJT!FIED FLYING OBJECTS - SUGGESTED ~T~d PROC'SDURES

1.   ¥/hen the USAF announced in December 1969 the termination of project
Blue Book (which was a special US unit set up to investigate reports of
UFOs) the fJfOD position concerning UFO investigations was reviewed. I t
was decided early in 1970 that our policies and procedures for dealing
with these reports should continue uncbane;ed. · (Flag C on AF/PS 26/70
attached),                         ·                  .
2.   In accordance wi tb. this procedure ]JF'O reports are currently circu.-
lated, either by S4(Air) or AFOR, to STCOC • 0ps(GE)2(RAF) • STOIC and
Dl55. When it is concluded that there is no defence implication it is
our current practice to make an assessment of the identity of the ob~ct
from available information; where the report is not likely to have ·,-
originated from an aircraft movement advice may be sought from Met 09
if a meteorological balloon might have been involved, or :trom the Roya.l
Observatory if a star or planet might have been the source. We do not
pursue our enquiries to a point where a positive identification is
established nor do we ~e our concl.usions i:f' the obsel"'7EEr disa-
grees With ~hem. We do not investigate anonymous reports. nor, normally,
reports forwarded by UFO associations on beha.l.i' of third parties.
3.     one of the factors leading to the decision in 1970 to continue to
dea.l With UFO reports in this way was the need to answer questions from
the public which might arise :from a real anxiety about nationaJ. eecuri ty.
However, recent publicity given to the subject of UFOe by the press and
tel.ev:i.sion has resul.ted in an increased vol.ume of reports :from the public.
During the three months August to October this year, 118 reports were
received- oompanxl ·nth 56 1n the same period of 1970. 23 were received
within three deys of the showing on tel.evision on :26th October .of an
alleged UFO :filmed at Enstone in Oxfordshire, whiQh has since been the
subject of a Parliamentary Ellquiry. Since the end of October a singl..e
:Banbury resident has sent to the Department 84 separate reports of UFO
"sighting$" in the :Banbury area. There is now pressure for a respon-
sible MOD official to appear on a BEC TV programme to discuss UFO reports
and l\!Oll procedures :for handling them.
4.   All. letters and tel.epbone calls during working hol:n's concerning UFOs
are at present dealt with by a single HEO in S4(Air) who is occupied
almost whole time on other work. Outside working hours cs.J.ls are dealt
With by AFOR and actioned by S4(.~r) the next day, With the limited
•   I
res, ~ces available in this Division, especially since the recent
establishment cuts, it is recomr.1ended that time and effort should no
longer be expended in dealing with UFO reports beyond their circulation
as detailed in para 2, so that air defence implications, if any, may be
exa.m:ined. Members of the public would be advised that their report Will
be examined for this purpose but that we cannot undertake to identify
the object seen. A pro-forma letter would normally be used on the lines
of the draft attached to this minute.
5•   If US of S ( RA.F) approves this proposed change in procedure S4 ( A1x)
will notify RAF Commands that individuals who report UFO sightings ·
shou.ld no longer be asked whether they Wish to be advised of our find-
in,;-s. We would continue to categorize reports where possible for our
records and to retain the records of reports in the manner agreed in
F..a.rch 1970.


                               - 2-
•                       DRAFT PRG-FORH.I\ LETTER

     I am writing to thank you for your report of an unidentified
flying object seen on ....•••••.••.•••••••••••••••••••••••..•.••••.•••••
     \1e   are gr.a.teful to you for advising the Department of this
incident and your report will be examined in the Hinistry o:f Defence to
see if there are any defence implications.         We cannot undertake to
pursue our research, other than for defence implications, to a point
where positive correlation with a known object is established, nor to
advise you of the probable identity of the object seen.
     You will no dcru.bt wish to know, however, that the great majority
of UFO reports turn out to have mundane explanations, the most common
single source being aircraft or the lights of aircraft seen under
unusual meteorological conditions.      Other coomon sources have proved to
be astronomical sightings, space satellites or space junk, balloons,
unusual cloud formations crr aircraft condensation trails.       Investiga-
tions over a number of years have so far produced no evidence that'uFos
represent an air defence threat to the United Kingdom.
•                                                Reference ....... .D./P.r?.~Y.\?.9/§............................


    Head of S.4 (.a..ir) /

                        Copies to:   AUS(O) (Air)
                                     D of Ops(A Def & O)RAF
                                     D of Ops(S)(RAF) .
                                     DR Met 0
                                     DPR (RAF)
                                     ADI DI 55


    UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS      -   SUGGESTED NEW PROCEDURES


           Reference liF/CX 80/70 dated 9th December 1971.


           I have no collllllents.


      J~ December 1971                                   DSTI
•                                               Reference .... ·····················
                                                                                       . ············


                                rt..,-a , -o. y. of~ ([(.Jc!-tOY-) tL
                                                           '

     i,   ·    ~ ~r"~ & H-ofC ~
     ~ 1"5'/t.. /71            ~. ~l- ~,                           4 .        ef ~
                                                   1   (}1/?". _


     ~-- ·~· ~                           t, fsjUSvJS(/-rJY-) ~
                                 ...._


     ~.J.y
      '
                      (A    ~~ ~~ t~r ~-
     ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~ CJ;ft d4f
     I!Co/..         o--)      0-~       4 S"''? F-( a~) ~ MJ--
     ~, )~ ~IJ, vtt;:,                        ~~ ~~ avJ
     ~.

              ll, t-ytJv-J.,   lJ.i ~-- ~n-(~ ~ 1'-R
    ~f:v{ ~ A                            w~ (,o:t- '· ~ Jz_
    ~ ~ ~ ;s f                              1~ a                    -kl~
    ~~               ~ ...                 £~                  r1 f?«-A :;_
    I.~- 1.;.< du» ~- oft" ,~··
    ~dtu ~ '(--v ~C-€ ~ <,"
    ~ aL<-ti:.-U2 - j "1;-J- ~- ~ ak
    ~~ 4: ~ti..J tJW ~Ci~ ~~cl cA-1)
•   LOOSE MNUD
                                                 E./.;.


    AF/CX 00/70

    AUS(O)(Air)
    D of Ops(A Def & O)(RAF)
    D o:f Ops(S}{P..Al')
    DST1                   .
    DR Met 0
    DPR(M:F)


    I attaeh a seU-e:xpJ.anator,y draft m.inut.e which,
    subject tc you:r comments., I propose t-o send to
    PS/US o1' S("RAF}. In the absence of any ecmnent
    :from your Directorate by 1700 hrs on 15 ~ember
    I shall assume your concurrence.


    9 December 1971             AN DAVIS
                                S4(llr)
•
i LOOSE NINUTE

    AF/CX 80/70

    PS/US of S(RAF) ~rough DUS(Airl7
    Copies to: AUS(O)(Air)
               D of··ppa(A Def 8: O)(RAF)
               D of Ops(S)(RAF)
               DST1
               DR Met 0
                  DPR(R..\F)

    UNI DElTTIFI ED FlYING OBJECTS - SUGGESTED NEW PROCEDURES
    1.      \fuen the USAF announced in December 1969 the termination of project
    Blue Book (which was a special us unit set up to investigate reports of
    UFOe) the ?-iOD postion concerning UFO investigations was reviewed.        It
    vas decided early in 1970 that our policies and procedures for deaJ1ng
    with these reports should continue unchanged.       The authority of the
    then US of S(RAF) was recorded in the papers associated With Parlia-
    mentary Enquiry AF/PS 26/70, which were cirouiated to copy addressees
    under l.oQse minute AF/X58/64 dated 24th March 1970 (not to AUS(O)(Air).
    2.      In accordance W1 th this procedure UFO reports are currentl.y circu-
    lated, either by S4(A1r) or AFOR, to STCOC, Ops(GE)2(RAF), STCIC and
    D155.     When it is concluded that there is no defence implication it is
    our current practice .to mekJ an assessment o:t the identity of the
    object from available in:tormation; if the report is not llkeJ..y to have
    originated :trom an aircraft movement advice may be sought :from Met 09

                    -
    if a meteorological
                   -
                        .balloon might have been involved,     or from the RoyaJ.
                                                                .

    Observatory i:t a star or planet might have been the source.      'de do not

    pursue our enquiries to a point where a positive identification is.,
                                                                               ·\
    established, nor do we re-examine our conclusions if the observer disa-
    grees w1 th them.     \ie do not investigate anonymous reports, nor,
    normally, reports forwarded by UFO associations on behalf of       third
    parties.
•    3.     One of the factors ~eading to the decision in 1970 to continue to
     dea~   with UFO reports in this way was the need to answer questions
     :t:rom the public which cl.ght arise from a real anxiety about national.
     secUrity.    However, recent publicity given to tho subject of tJ:FOa by
     the press and te~evision has res~ted in an increased volume of reports
     from the public.    During the three months Au.._,"Ust to October this year,
     118 reports were received compared with 56 in the same period of 1970.
     23 were received within three days of the showing on television on
     26th October of an alleged UFO fillned at Enstone in O:l:fordshire, which
     has since been the subject of a Parliamentary EnquirY.            Since the end
     of October a single Banbury resident has sent to the Department 84
     separate reports of UFO "sightings" in the Banbury area.
.;.;' 4.    All letters and telephone calls during working hours concerning
    UFOe are at present dealt With by a single HEO in S4(Air) whose primary

    responsibilities are as followa:-
            Co-ordination of RAF aspects of MOD war Book,
            Co-ordination of NATO A~ert measures with Government War Book,
            Supervision of clerical work of Air Force Board and Standing Com-
            mittee,
    At present the MOD v/ar :Book is being entirely rewritten .;En .line with the

    .NAfQ Al.ert system and. t)?.e _HEC' is concerned almost whole     time with this
    work.
    5.      With the limited resources available in this Division, especially
                                                                          -
    since the recent establishment cuts. it is reco~"ended that time and
    effort should no longer be expended in dealing with UFO reports beyond
    their circulation• as detailed in para 2, so that      air defence implication
                                                                ;:"\
    if any, may be examined.     :t<~mbers   of the public would be advised that
    their report will be examined for this purpose but that we cannot under-
    take to identify the object·aeen.         A pro-forma letter would normally be
    used on the lines of the draft attached to this minute.


                                      - 2 -
•   6.    If_ US of S(RAF) approves this proposed oha.nge in procedure S4(Air)
    will notify RAF CO!ll!:!2nds that in future individuaJ.s who re:;>ort UFO

    sightings should no longer be asked whether they wish1 to be advised of
    our findings.        We would continue to categorize reports where possible
    for our records and to retain the records of reports in the manner agreE
    in :li!Ai'ch 1970.


                                        ...,_
•                                DRAFT PE0-FORI'.A

         I am writing to thank your for your re'-;ort of an unidentified
    tlying object seen on ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
         We are grateful to you      for advisine the Department of this
    incident and your report will be examined in the ~~nistry of Defence to
    see if there are any air defence implications.      I recret that we are
    unable to extend our investigations beyond our defence interest.       We
    can..."lo·t therefore undertake to pursue our research to a point where posi-
    tive correlation with a known object is established, no~ to adVise you
    of the )robable identi-ty of the object seen.
                           '~(
         You will no doubt wish to know, however, that thegr-eat majority of
    UFO reports turn out to have mundane explanations, the most common
    single source being aircraft or the lights of aircraft seen under
    unusual meteorological conditions. Investigations over a number of yea:.
       so far
    havejproduced no evidence that UFOs represent an air defence threat to
    the united Kingdom.
      ('f.r.' ··-. t
r~(O.,~./
         ..
          4'             I'
                         '


                              UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS - PARLIAMENTARY
                                ENQUIRY FROM SIR JOHN LANGFORD-HOLT MP

                                   You may wish to have the enclosed copy
                              of a reply which the Minister for Trade has·
                              sent to an enQuiry from Sir John Langford-
                              Holt MP about UFOs.
                              2.   US of S(RAF)'s own letter of 14th May to
                              Sir John, under the above reference, refers.


                                                     ·~~:>-----
                                                       (I. H. MORGAN)
                              25th May 1971.          .APS/US of S(RAF)


               CODE l~
•••
•  •                                                                                                .     •.                         . : ·.


                                                                                                                                             DEPARTMENT OF TRADE A;'m INDUST~Y ·~
                                                                                                                                                                                    ....
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ,


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   . -~: ·.' '.:(6.£·
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          '                                 ' ...,           I"'".                                  "


                                                                                                                                                      I VICTORIA STREET                    · .. ·      •
                                                                                                                                                                                 . ·: .
                                                                                                                                                                                           . ··-·
                                                                                                                                         . .. .        . LONDON S W 1 .. ·
                                                                                      ;    ,·
                                                                                                . -.-.
                                                                                                .. ··-·· ..                                     .....
                                                                                                                                              .. ·.·:;
                                                                                                                                                         -/·~<; Oi .. 2i~ n1_7 .
                                                                                                                                                                       . '·
                                                                                                                                                                                       . ' ·.-.··•., .
                                                                                                                                                                                           ... ·                          .. ,;;·_
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 . .       .                            ·. \               ' ......... ·.- ·_;:.; ·. . · .. !
                                                                                      -   .....__
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     .-                                                                              .        :    .,         ....... -:"·:                  ..·_ .. ·- ',·.
         Tlr.~ Mini.star /()r Tf'rld6
                                                                                                               ·: ... '.           . ... . ..···:;·
                                                                                                                                              ·.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       ..     ·i
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               'i ., .               .> -. :..                                    :     _:_     ':
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ~ ·.:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          i
                                                                                                                            . ' ..
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               •:·       •'       .:'         .·. : -::; .                                       ,.                 . "
                                                                                                                                              ..... ··- ..                                                  . ..._
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ;,,,                               '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ·.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            .

                                               ·..                                                                                                                                                                    .· .. '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            .·-.

                            .   '                                                                                                                                                                                     .; . '                   ..                         . ·:' ·..
    ::.Sir. John LangJ:ord-,Ho·lt MP                                                                                                                                           .:   .'     :;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ..           ·._··:·_.·...                                                                                                                            . _.,,·
    .· . House of Commons · ,.                                     ' ·:...                                                                                                                            ........                                                                    .... -
       . SW1.            ....                               ...,,_.                                                                                        •'   .. .                     .. '• ·,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2'1 .·            _: May .1971 / ·.                                                                                                             '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          '
                  . :, :   . ,·
                         . . . •. ...
                                      .... ' . '· ;, ....
                                                     :: ·;.. ;· ..               ••                  '
                                                                                                                                                                                                          .'·.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ·: .
                                                                                                                                                                                                     ·... _··                                                                                                                                              . .··
                                                               .
                                                                   _


                                       ..
                                    ·, ·                   .                 .. ··._,·
                                                                       :_ ·_,_,;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                -··: ..                                                                                          '/:-~ :.
                                        .· -· ·:··:--. ·.. :•      _; :.
                                                                                                               .,: . "':>_·_--._:              _·;-.                                                                       ..        .'. •..        • •     I   ~'                                                                                                                                 ,· ... 1
                                                                   . .. . ~-
                                                                                                -,,'•·
                                                                                                    ,  .. ..                                                                                                ··-·.               ~-     .'           ;                                                             ...., ...·-;_·.
                                                                                          -.:.
                                                                                                      .•. ·'; ·.
                                                                                                    -.-                                                                                                                                                    -·' ..
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            • __ -.-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             '            !t
                                                                                           ' •'
                                                                                                                                                                       '·-··                                                                                                                                                                                                                              !
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          l
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ·,                                                                                                                    I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ·-----~                . i
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ;'
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    •f
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ,_;
        Thank you J:or your letter oJ: 6 May about instructions, within the
        National Air TrafJ:ic Control Services, for dealing with reports of
        unidentified flying objects.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ...'
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    .·l·
       NATCS units have instructions that,· in the event of a report                 --b
       concerning an unidentified flyirig object, they should- obtain as much
       as possible of the information required to complete. a prescribed .
    ·. report form. The details are to be· passed by telephone to the parent : -
       Air TrafJ:ic Control Centre(ATCC); .whi,le the completed report form · .. ··
       is forwarded to the Ministry oJ: .Defence. The ATCC is required to..        ·
       give the details without delay to the Military Aero-nautical         ..
       In.formation Service.   .    ' · •. ·    ·· ·    · ,   ·     . •
        These instructions >vere first issued in January '1968, and published in
        the Manual of Air Traffic Control. I enclose copies of the               -·.;·.
        relevant pages from that Manual, which include· the report form.          .'
                                                                                    ,.
                                                                                    j._


       The NATCS does· not keep statistics oJ: these reports once they have·           .. ;_
                                                                                           \:.
       be <en passed on in this way; but I understand that Antony Lambton . .
       has recently written to you. about reports received by his Department'· .
       during 1970. I would suggest that he may be able to supply similar · .··. · .
     . in.formation J:or earlier· years should you so ·wish, . and am copying . · · · · :.
       this lett~r t~him.,,. .      .                   .   . . .    ··  ,:       ···      :'
                                                               .                                . ..                               '                                                                                                                                 '                                                               ·.'                                              .' •· . f·
                ..•.        '
                                                          ! '. . . . :. ·:.                                              .. .... ·..·~.r.:w.~... esc£•                                                                                                                    ·., .....· ·..                                                                                                                  ''
                                                              .~··· ......                                                                                      ~'
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       -1 .•
                     .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  : ~--
            ~    '
                                                          ·.,_.J_,
                                                   ....                        ·'.: ~ ·.
                                                                                                                '·· ' ·'.' \\\...& o.Q...Q ~ ,                                                                                                                                                                          .
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ........- '. :

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              :. .
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           -·;:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 •'
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   :. : ·_.·,

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 .·
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      · .......:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      .-                        •-:

                                                                                                                              :::: :~- : .                      ....                                                                                                                                                                                                                  .
                                                                                                                                                                               .. .: -~---•. . _. ;..:.>'.::-·:.
                                                                                                                              .
                         .·.:·:. ·.. ..    _
                                                                                                                                                                                                ;'    ' ' -.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         . . ' ·:'                                                        .. ·..                .,


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               -·-., '.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ·.   ~     :
                                                           :                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ';.

                                                           ,·_1
                                                                             .    .        .
                                                                                                ;' _·_ ·.


                                                                                                                      :-:·.: ,.
                                                                                                                                     .-.- ... :·· ..;-' ·,:-·-· .. ·
                                                                                                                                                 _   _..
                                                                                                                                                                                                     .. ·.. ··:·                       ..
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      '·:-·. ,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ..
                                                                                                                                                                                                          :·:·. :·->. :· :··:-~·---~-:> -_.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          -·.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ·.     ·.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ·: ~
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ,· .
                                           .-,_.           i                               . . . . ·'•>"':'
                                                                                                      ' . .
                                                                                           ·_,_
                                                                                                                    ·. /.
                                                                                                                                                                  •.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ..                       , ..
                                                                                                                       '··-- ...
                  •                                                                                                                                                             '.···.
                                                                                                                                                                 '.                 .· ~·   ..
         i.-               \.T.C.                                                                       A.T.C.I. No.2                                                    Part 1-19.
         !
         J•·
                       ,----                                                                                                                                      ,.
                                                                                                                                                                                 ; :·


                       _l:ilapterS:-                   .,
         1           · 5.5. Reporting of Un~<lcntificd Flying Objects
         !                      5.5.1. ll< the event of a report concerning an unidentified flying object being received by an ATS unit
        il               _              the following action shall be taken.                                     _
        1.
                           _.- 5.5.2. The ATSU receiving the report shall obtain as much as possible of the information required-to
        ..
        l

        1
         •                            · complete .the report fonn shown at Appendix" F" and pass all details by telephone to the watch                                                           ..··-.
        !                               supervisor at the parent A TCC (Scoltisl< A TCC, Preston ATCC or London ATCC). The.'
                                        completed form shall be sent by the originating ATSU to The Ministry of Defence (AFOR),
                                        Royal Air Force, Mai11 Building, Whitehall, Lonclon SWI.                                        ·
                  ·       _ 5.5.3: The Watch Supervisor at the ATCC' concerned. shall pass all details without delay via (he _-,
                              ·         operational telephone network to -the Military Aeronautical Information Service section at
                  \-.Je.~'r 1c-...J;:1-l.~bridi)C;'cxt~i~lF8'._If it is ~eccssary to usc the GPO network the information ~hould be
                                        passed to ·1ft!J.td ~o:n:J;q4 extenS!Oll '31i?'. -:;.
                                                                     4
                                5.5.4. Such repo~'G4ihatl"bet~~rteria1J the A
                                                                                                 ·
                                                                                                              tC log.
                                                                                                                            · ·    ··

                   · 5.6. Reporting of Aircraft Incidents and Breacl!cs of Regulations
                         .. ·.', 5.6.1. -Aircraft Incidents
                                       · Au incident is an occurrence which, but for fortuitous circumstances, might have resulted in an:·
                    ·. .
                       _                 accident, and may be caused by:                         ·
                                         (a) Ground Organisation:         -
                                               (i) equipment defects, faulty organisation and procedure, etc.;
                                              (ii) personnel error, incompetence, negligence, failure to comply with instructions etc.
                                              Jfit is thought that the cause of the incident may be attributed to ATC error, the ATCO ifc,
                                            · or'in his absence the watch supervisor or senior co11troller on duty, will ensure that written.·. ·
                                              reports are made_ iri1mediately by all ATC staff concerned and that a preliminary report is         ·-
                                              telephoned to the Divisional ATCO. Reports should comply with ATCI No. 8, para. 6.3.3.
                                         (b) Aircraft-defects in .the aircraft or its equipment, loss of control due to meteorological
                                                  . conditions, etc.                       · '       . .                        '    . ·
                                         (c) Aircrew-negligcncc, incompetence, failure to comply with procedures and instructions,
                                                    i~correct practices and errors of judgment, etc.                          ·
                                         . 5.6.1.1. Minor Incidents (Form CA 163)
                                                    5.6.1.1.1. Minor incidents, such as errors in navigation, usc of incorrect procedures,
                                                                 faulty radio operation etc., in which the safety of the aircraft or its occupants
                                        .-.-.                - · is not involved; shall be recorded on Form CA !63 Aircraft/Aircraft Radio
                                                                 Operation Fault Report. The completed form will be passed to tl<e Air
    ;.                                                           Traffic Controller ifc, the Centre Superintendent or the STO, as appropriate,
    '                                                            who will review the circumstances and decide whether or not reference to the
                                                                 operating company is justified. , A register of such incidents will be maintained
                                                                       showin~ the fo.Jlowing inforn1ation:.- ·.:- :··_: · ·. :~: :::- :~ .             _~-----· :- · ~:. '··.. ·_, ._ ·, ·_
                                                 --:               (a) Statton senal No.             ·
                                                                   (b) Operating agency                              .:                                   ~
                              . -.:,.
                                                                  .(c) Date of incident
    i'                                                             (d) Aircraft registration
)                                              . ; ,'
                                                                   (e) Date referred to operator
'.                                                  ';.            (f) Brief details of incident
                           ·, ·.:·                                 (g) Dale reply received.
                                                                   (II) Summary of exphination.
                                                        S.6.!.L2; A copy of any Aircraft Operati11g Fault Report submitted .to an operator·.:,.·-_-
l                                                ' .               will be forwarded .to the DATCO for information.

I
J
                                          5.6.1.2. incidents Involving Safety (Form CA 1260)
                                                i .- 5.6.1.2.1. Incidents in which the safety of an aircraft or of any person is threatened other . -
                                                                    -than no!fr;.,)-_.:•-' <~ccidents and airmisses shaH be recorded on Form CA 1260. : · · · -. ·
i
                                                • _I-             •

                                                                   ·Incidents oi' t>-.:s il«ture which may in addition involve a breach of regulations ·
                                                     · · · . . . . will be recorded 011 this form and on Form CA 939. The completed form . ·>
                                                                       .will be passed to the Aerodrome Commandant, the Centre Superintendent, ' , _. ._ .,
                                                                      · the Chief Officer or the Aerodrome Licensee as appropriate, who will decide_·
                      · Board of Trade                                                                                             ....
                                                                                                                                                                         .': 10.11.69 ·. "-
                                                                             ~- ..   ·..... . '         ·... ·., .:
                                                 _,
                                                                                                                        · ....
                                                                                                                                            .... -···
                                                                                                  :.-
                                                                                                                                 .   -·~-


             ''
                                                        .   ',,
                                                             !
                                                       . 'r.
                                                       )•:
     'p;e-o                                                                    A.T.C.I. No. 2                                                                                                                       M.A.T.C.
                          --~----------------~------------------------~
          (Clw;         )S:~contd.)
                                                                   whether the matter can be dealt with locally or whether it should be submitted
                       .: . ) . ....                               to higher authority for attention. His decision will depend on the degree of·                                          .~·' .
                                                                   risk .involved to other opemtions and to persons and property 011 the ground.
             .
          . ·,.
                          . . _·, ..     .                         Incidc11ts recorded at ATCCs wilt normally be submitted by the Centre ·
                                                                   Superintendent to the Divisional Onlcc for attention unless they can be dealt
                                                                   with locally without difficulty. Reports on all incidents on which local action ·.
            . -:.                                               · has bce11 taken will be forwarded to the Divisional Office for information .
                                                                                                                                                                                               :; .
                                             5.6.1.2.2.. A transcript of the R/T recording relating to the incident need not be made
                                                                  initially but one may be r~quircd later. Such R/T records will therefore be
                                                                  retained until the case is .finally disposed of.     ·                       '
                                           . 5.6.1.2.3. Incidents caused by tmexpected weather and incidents calling for a statement
                                                          · .· ofwcather conditions will be referred without delay to the local meteorological .·:.
                                                                                                                                                                                                    ..                                                                                                               ·.()'
                                                            · . office, or, where this office has only limited facilities, to the appropriate main
                                                                  or parent office.                                                                                                        . .., .
                                                                                                                                                                                          .. ' ..                                                                                                                               ~;

                                             5.6.1.2.4. Any incident which it is considered might give rise to public interest shalt be
                                            ·.,               · reported witl10ut delay to the Board of Trade Press Office, 01-222 7877
                                                                  Ext. 2231, or 2684 (or Night Duty Officer 01-222 7877).                                 ·                      .. · ..                                                                                                    ''.'I
     ..·.                                                                                                                                                                           ..;
                                          . 5.6.1.2.5. Where an arrangement exists for form CA 1260 to be prepared in respect of. / ··. ·
        •.-··
                      ..... ·             ' · . '· : ... "off paved area" incidents, the information to be provided by the ATSU
                                       , ·.. · ·                 will normally be:-
                                                                                                                                                                      ·_: ::·                   .
                                                                 (a) aerodrome, time and date;                                                                                                                                                                                                                           '.'


                                                                                                                                                                            ....
·- ,...                 '     .'.-             .  ..
                                               •.··.
                                                      . ,   .    (b)    aircraft iype and registration ;
                                                           ·.·{c) direction and length of runway on which the incident occurred and, if this.
                                                              .        was not the runway in use, the fact should be noted. In the case of over-
                                                                  . runs the state of the runway surface should be described, i.e. Wet, dry,                             . . ..                                                                                                                           ~--

              .. ·.·
                                                                       icy, etc.;                                                                                                   ·: ·:_:

                ·- - ... ,.         ·:.-.-·                      (d)   particulars  of the aircraft  movement   in_ question with   a sketch plan    to     · .. ' ··.::-..
                                                     ".
                                                     ':                show its ground track, includi11g the· distances run off the paved surface · ·
                                                                                                                                                                                        .. ·,..
                                                                       and lateral displacement from the centre line of the runway or taxiway;                       ;·, ..

                   -;.:                                    . (e) wind velocity, temperature and barometric pressure. · Visibility or runway
                                                              ·        visual range; weather conditions at the time, visual or radio approach
                                                                       procedure in·use and details of obstruction lighting; .        , .                                : ;_
                                                                (/)State of unpaved surface at the time, including remarks as to the effect
                                                                       thereon of the season or recent weather.                   ·
                                                                                                                                                                              ·. '· · ..·.
                                    >

                     :.. 5.6.1.3; GrowtdRadio Fault Report (Form CA 647)
                                           5.6.1.3.1. When any telecommunications facility is alleged to be faulty by an aircrew                                        '._··

                                                 . . · member, details will be entered on Form CA 647 where held and forwarded
                                                    ·           to the STO for attention .
                                         .5.6.1.3.2. Notwithstanding satisfactory ground reports if a crew member of a subsequent
          ', .·                    · •.. ·: . ···. aircraft confirms the reported fault, the procedure shall be as follows:-                              ·                        . '            .


                                                               (a) At ATCC's the STO after consultation with the Centre Superintendent                                                '·-._·_,.,)
                                                                      will decide on one of the courses of action in para. 5.6.1.3.3.
                                            . ,.-
                                               __
                                                               (b) At aerodromes, the STO after consultation with the Air Traffic Controller · ·
                                                                      i/c will decide on one of the courses of action below. The STO will advise
                                                                      the aerodrome authority of the action taken.                              ·
                                                             ·(c) At non-state aerodromes the report should be given to the .aerodrome . ·
                                                                      licensee.              '                                           •
                                      ·, 5.6.1.3.3. The courses of action are:-                                                                                                   ,;' :-:-)·
                                                               (a) To retain the facility in operation as fully serviceable •. · ' ·
                                                               (b) To retain the facility with specified limitations:
                                                                                                                                                        .....
                                                                                                                                                  . _; ..
                                                                                                                                                                                . ·_\_ ..
                                                                                                                                                                                    . ':-:'· .
                                                                                                                                                                                                  .                                                                                                                            . ·_


                                                                                                                                                                                   . -.... ·                                                                                                               ·---~          ~
                                                              (c) To withdraw the facility from service.            .·
     10.11.69                                                                                                                                                                     ' . Board of Trade
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ...
                                                                                                                                                            .
                                                                                                                                                            -~


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ..
                                                                                                                         ...
                                                             ---·-~~ ,..,.....,.-~-- -~··M-.---.;.;...~------·...------;...,                                     ..
                                                            .                                      .: .(;;{;.:i~{i -                                                  .-                                 ·:-,~·_, ",._:_'.·.·.: _:_:j:_: _'.:.':i.,                                         .:-~-
                                                                                                        :..·,[·.·.·~.,·:·_,_:_.·.·.· ..' .•· .
                                                                                              ·..·.·,_',,'                              ·,'_:       . .,·             ...      -:.-:.(,./j                     ! l!L-· 1-•,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      . •. '__;_.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  · -;-... -.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  • .

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     . . '· ··.


                                                                                                                                                                      ~             -~-·:__.:~,:.·. .,.·_._·.·_ . ·._-. •.· •_.:_._._:-.~._:,~,j_·_ ,:~: ·._:~.-.•.·. ~-· ·
                                                                                                                                  ..•


                                                                                                   ·. vCrN:: ·•· · · ..
                  . ! . . ' .;.,.•..'.                                                          _,_:_·:,i:_~,:.-:· .·_J,:.'_\,.:.-~
                                                                                                                                                                                                        ·:·r_:_-:._.:_.,·;:_:_..   __    •._·.'.__·,i.• ..·•. · ..·.._·_:·.-__       ·.:.     :     · .• ·_.· ._-          ..


                              ,.. ! ·:                           ;o    . ,· . ·;· .'. /.·.'                •                     ..:,·:il/1: ·.   '''       .,·                           1 .          .                                               '                                                                  -
                                             . f.   •.;
                                                                                                                     -                                                      : }_·_.·.'-···.• ··.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      .:: ,':;' ~-: .' l\ ,!                                                 "'
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ,!1. ' ,;          '- : '...
 J


  '·-·
     r'       :'l\I.A.T.C. _


               A. Date, Time and Duration of Sigltling
                                                           REPORT OF Ai''l U!'.'IDEN"lll<I.ED l1LYING OBJECT.·
                                                                                                                          A.T.C.I. No.2·

                                                                                                                    .• APPENDiX ''F"


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ~:   .                      :····
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        l'art 1-45 ,;: .

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ··-.:'
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       . /j.,_

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ..       ·
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ·.··


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     -'
                  Local times to be quoted.      .,                                                                                                                                                                          ·.I'

                                                                                                                                                                                                  . ''.
               n. Description of Ol>ject                                 .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  . ,_..
                    -Number of objects, size, shape, colours, brightness, sound, smell, etc.                                                                                                                                                                                               . :·.·.                                                   -r .-.
               c. Exact Position of Observer ·                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         -. I" ~ ·• :, ,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ·..:1
                    . Geographical location, indoors or outdoors, stationary or moving.-.-.                                                                                                                                                                     ··.•                                                              I .'
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      •
                      '               •                         ,           ,             I                              •'           '          '                                                        •

                                                                                                                                                                                                                ·<'.
              .D. How Observed
                  Naked eye, binoculars, other. optical device, still or movie. camera. ·
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ,.
               -E.-; Direction in which Object was FirstSeeri                                                                                                                                                               _,.,
                     A landmark may be mote useful than a badly estimated bearing.                                                                                                                                                              \.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           .
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 .,_. ....
                                                                                                                                                                                                              .. -•.                                                             ,_;                                                                                               .-.;
               F.   Angular ElcYation of Object -
                    Estimated heights are unreliable.                                                                                                                                                                                                       ·; .'                                                                                ..     ~··


                                                                                                                                                                                                                  .,   ,:      .'                           ..-·:·
               G. Distance of Object from Observer                                                                                                                                                                                                             ·· ..
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ,·;.
                  By reference to a known landmark wherever possible.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   .,.                                                                                         ·:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         •                                  ·:    ..            ,•.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   .'.,-.
               H ..· Mm·ements 'or Object
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ....
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ·..
                     Changes in E, F and G may be of more use .than
                                                                 '
                                                                    estim~tes   of cOurse and. speed.
                                                                         .. · _. '. ,_ '         .                                                                                                                                                                                                                           '· ··'            ,.             ·,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           '··,:,..
               J .. Meteorological Conditions During Observations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    .;   .
                    Moving clouds, haze, mist, etc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              '·: ·j '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ·-     ...                        ·:·,j.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  . '~-;  :
                     Nearby Objects                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ...·.. •                  ·- -~
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ,j:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ·•'.
                     Telephone or higl1-voltage lines; reservoir, lake or dam; swamp or marsh; river; high buildings, ·tau·
                    ·chimneys, steeples, spires, TV or radio masts; airfields;_generating plant; factories, pits or other sites·                                                                                                                                                                                                 ..... ··
                     with floodlights or other lighting. .       - · · ·    ·          '            · · , .·       ·     · •' ·

               L. · To Whom Reported                               .
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ':i
                    Police, military organisations; the press etc. : -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             . i'
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ··· ....
               M. 1'\amc and Address of Informant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   .- . . : I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             '·...                                                                   '-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     i:
               N. Any J3ackground Information on tbe Informanftbat may be ,Volunteered                                                                                                                                                                                  ,·.•           ,:,,·-.

               0. Otber Witnesses.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      :    -.

               P,    Date and Time of Receipt of Report ., ·
                                                                                     ·,       .
                                                                                                                                                             '.' '•>,
                                                                                                                                                                  . --.·-_.                                                                                                                                      ..         .' .
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ..
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  _:_:.'                            '.i'···
                Q. Is n Reply Requested?                                                                                              ,:_
                                                                                                               . ".•.         ~'

                                                                                                          ,.
                                                                                                                                                                   . -~--··
                                                                                                                                                                                                                ..'                                        ·. ~ ·.                                                                 ·.·:-•
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            :···-:;;-:;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ..;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ··;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ;:·
                                                                                                                                                                                                ., .:" .i . ,'...                                              .; I·-·:.'·
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  :'            .
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ·•    ,.,.
                Board of Trade .                                ,.              ..: ;,.
                                                                                                                                                                  . ''.                                                                                                   ·• .                      7.3.~9                        -
                                                               ·.:-. ;···                                                                                   --~    . .- ·....
                                                                                                   .I:'·.                            ,_·:;      .... ; .·                 ·. ·.',"••' ......
                 (118S7S)-9710   '·
                                                                                          -· .... .'·
                                                                                                                                                                                         \   '                                                                                                 .  ...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ·. A••l
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     _.    ',.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    .- ..... ·.
                                                        ·- .·. .. :-··
                                          '·'
                                                                                  .· .. :·      ··' :
                                                                                                           .. \;.                                                                        "!,,,-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 . '.                                    ...                                                            ..•.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   .
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   :   .
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ~ -'_.. :


··~~·     .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ---.--r:: --:--- ......
                                                . !,:' . ··,                                                                                                                                                                                              ,·.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ; ·...: ~ j :

                                                                                                                                                                                    ....
                                                                                                                                                                               ··_,··               .;·
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ,jj
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      _ _;·.       ··.j
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    :..
                                                                                                                        .···.. ,.\
                                                                                                                              '· '·
                                                                                                                                                                    -;.
                                                                                                                                                                                  ·, :•                                                                  .·.·~
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              l                                            ·I" . ! .


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ...
                                                                ..;                               ,.·,·                 . ··-·                                                             .                                                                   •t                                                ·~·-::
                                                                                                                           .J                                                           .... :_:;.:_ .... :-··:·                                    t' ';.·":
                                                                                                                                             li ...   ;.;J                                                                                      .n.{·:·                           - ... -.i ·:
•                                  EMBASSY
                                    OF THE
                           UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                           OFFICE OF THE AIR ATTACHE
                                    LONDON
    U-1397-70/AIRA                             23 June 1970


                      J


    Mr. L. W. Akh
    (S4f (Air)} vs
                     ~t
    MOD, Main Building
    Whitehall, SW.l
    Dear Mr. Akhurst:                  \ _,.   £bO
    Reference is made to your letter of 25 February 1970
    requesting information on how the United States is
    handling Unidentified Flying Objects now that Project
    Blue Book is closed.    We have just had a reply from
    the Department of the Air Force and are enclosing the
    information which they provided.    I hope this informa-
    tion will be of some assistance to you.


    1 Encl
                                r;;;
                                WARD W. HEMENWAY
                                Colonel, USAF
                                Assistant Air Attache
•
                                   DEPARTMENT OF TH!;: AIR FORCE
                                          WASHINGTON    ZOJJQ


    OFFJC£ OF THE: SEC::RETARY


             We wish to acknowledge receipt of your recent inquiry. Please accept
        this form or response so that we may give you a reply w.ithout undue delay.·

             On December 17, 1969 the Secreta~y of the Air Force anneunced the termi-
        nation of Project Blue Book, the Air.Force Program for the investigation of
        unidentified flying objects (UFOs).
                                            '
             The decision to discontinue UFO investigations was based on an evalua-
        tion of a report prepared by the University of Colorado entitled, "Scientific
        Study of Unidentified Flying Objects;" a review of the University of Colorado's
        report by the National Academy of Sciences; past UFO studies; and j\.ir Force
        experience investigating UFO reports dm·ing the past two decades •. ·
            As a result of these investigations and studies, and experience gained
       from investi~ating UFO reports since 1948, the conclusions of Project Blue
       Book are: (1) no UFO reported, investigated, ~~d evaluated by the Air Force
       has ever given any indication of· threat to our national security; (2) there
       has been no evidence submitted to or discovered by the Air Force that sightings
       categorized as "'midentified" represent technological developments or princi-
       ples beyond the range of presentday scientific knowledge; and (3) there has
       been no evidence indicating that sightings categorized as "unidentified" are
       extraterrestrial vehicles.

            With the termination of Project Blue Book, the Air Force regulation
       establishing and controlling the program for investigating and analyzing
       UFOs has be.en rescinded, and Project Blue Book records have been ·transfer-
       red to the Air Force Archives.
            Attached for your information is the Project Blue Book sighting summary
       for the period 1947-1969. Also included is a listing of UFO-related materials
       currently available through publication outlets of the federal government.

               Your interest in the United States Air Force is appreciated.
                                           · SincePely,


                                                JANES H. AIKK~N, Lt Colonel, USAF
                                                Chief, Civil Branc~
                                                Cornmunity Relations Division
                                                Office of Inforll!ation
       Atchs
          . TOTAL UFO SIGBTIIlGS, 1947-1969


                                                ..
   YEAR          TOTAL SIGBTINGS             UNIDEJl.fiFIED

  1947                  122                           12
  1948                  156                            7
  1949                  186                           22
  1950                  210                           27
  1951                  169                           22
  1952                1,501                          303
  1953                   509                          42
  1954                  487                           46
  1955                  545                            24
  1956                  670                            14
  1957                1,oo6                            14
  1958                  627                            10
  1959                  390                            12
  .1960                 557                            14
  1961                  591                            13
  1sb2                  474                          . 15
  1963                  399                            14
  1$64                  562                            19
  1965                  887                            16
  1966                1,112                           32
  1967                  937                           19
  1968                  375                            3
  1969                  146                            1.

TO'.CAL              12,618                          701


                                     '   '
I
                                 UFO V.ATERIAL:;


    UFOs ar.cl Re.laced Subjects: An Annotated Bibliog:-aphy, Lyr.n E. Catoe.
    Prepared by the Libra!7 of Con~ress Science and Technoiogy Division.
    Library of Congress Card Catalog No. 68-62196. Fo1· sale by the
    Superintendent of Documents, U. s. Government Printing Office, Washington,
    D. C. 20402, $3.50. GPOrf 0301.45-19-2:68-16)6.

    Aids to Identification of Flying Obj~. For sale by the Superintendent
    of D:>cuments, U. s. Government Printing Office, Washington, 'D. c. 20402,
    36 p., 20¢ per pamphlet. GPO# D)Ol.2:F'67.

    Scientific Study of Unidentified r'lying Objects, Sludy conducted by the
    University of Colorado under contract F44620-67-C-OO:l5· Three volumes,
    1,465 p. 68 plates. Photoduplicated hard copieR of tile official report
    may be. ordered for $3.00 per volume, $9.00 the set of three, as AD 68o 975,
    AD 680 976, and AD 680 977, from the Clearinghouse for Federal Scientific
    and Technical Information, u. S. Department of Commerce, Springfield, VA
    22151

    Revie·.: of Uni varsity of Color·d.dO Report on Unidentified Flying Objects.
    Review of ;·eport .by a panel o·f the National Academy of Sciences. National
    Academy of Sciences, 1969. 6 p. Photoduplicated hard copies may be ordered·
    for $j.OO as AD 688 541 from the Clearinghouse of Federal Scientific
    and Technical Information, 1.J, S. Department of Commerce, Springfield, VA
    22151.
Extract from Wernher von Braun's book First Men_,.to the -Moon,
Copyright 1958, 1959, 1960 by Dr. Wernher yon Braun,. publishe.d
by Holt, Rinehart and Winston of Canada,. Ltd.            ,
                                              . ....,, '   ·' ' ..
"Question:    What is your opinion on '.U.F.• O. 's'? ...                                     !   :.


                                                                     ':<   ; .:·.:.·   ! :.

   "Answer:. There is a rational and r';'-t!l~r straight~focyard.. .
explanation '•for the great majority of '!!ightings, oLuniden-
 tified flying objects, ' or 'flying saucers ' / as :they are ·• 0. ·
more familiarly. called. During the last ten ·years, o:f,'ficial·
U.S. investigators have tabulated.about six thousand
  sightings.' They could account for.all •but .two,per ·r.ent·as ....
belonging to any of the following categories:                         '"
 High-flying balloons of various kinds         ..
High-flying aircraft illuminated by the sun af-ter the sun ...
   had s.et on the ground
Nightly· 'Fata Morgana' type reflections in the atmosphere
· of' distant light sources on the ground
Artificial satellites of U.S. or Soviet origin
Meteorites and fireballs
Birds
 The Planets Venus or Jupiter
Searchlights illuminating cloud layers
Hoaxes perpetrated by pranksters
   Even the most ardent believers in flying objects of
extra-terrestrial origin will usually concede that most
reported 'sightings' can be traced back to one of these
sources. But it is that unaccounted two per cent that
makes enthusiasts cling tenaciously to their conviction.
   I cannot account for the mysterious two per cent,
either. But a· lifetime spent with testing of guided mis-
siles has taught me to be extremely careful with eye-witness
accounts on rocket firings running into some in-flight
trouble. Of three experienced observers questioned
after a typical mishap, one swore that he clearly
saw a part coming off before the rocket faltered; a second
hotly denied this but claimed that the missile oscillated
violently before it veered off the course; while the third
trained observer saw neither a part coming off, nor an
oscillation, nor any veering off the course but insisted that
the rocket was flying perfectly steadily until it was ab-
ruptly ripped part by an internal explosion.
   Such contradictions in the eyewitness accounts of old
rocket men are by no means an exception; we are almost
 invariably confronted with this situation. Yet we are
dealing here with experienced observers who not only
had seen many firings, but who had the great advantage
of bei~g mentally prepared for the imminent test.
•                          ARRIVING FROM MARS BY UFO?


            In r~cent years there have. been many reports _of unidentified                ., _
    flying objects _ ( UF,<l.' s), especially since the first. Soviet .Bputnik l(ent
    up on October 4, 1957. From time _,to time the _question has .been a"llised ·
    as to whether the UFO; s might have come from Ma.rs or Venus, perhaps
    bearing -intelli~nt_,beinga;. -_ Usually the answer to ;this ,_·que"StiOlY has
    been siqlly a guess which-ciepended to a _considerable extent .on .what->the
    individual _wanted to believe • ,_. Most sc~entista--ha1le:been inclined, to ;,.e?
    doul)_t_ ti:lat _t:t;e,UFO' . s came from Ma.rs or Venus; ;pret'erring.to.credit -:tllec•
    sigbtings to ,n&tura1 phenomena wllicll ·are not- as well kno'IIIl·as they•should
    be.                _.,    "·          -·-     ---- ·.....           ,-,.,.     '·"'·"
                                                            •'··· . i   -~----


          There is a logical ·approach to .this- questi-on as .to.: whether :or not•:
    UFO• s have come from Ma.rs or Venus. It is well _known that if souuLone
    on the earth wants to send a space vehicle to Mars or Venus, there are
    specific favorable times, times when a .body can be launched so that it
    will travel along a minimum-energy· orl:i:it, arriving at the path of Mars
    (or Venus) ju11t ~s ,that Plllnetccomes to the same point. For eXSJ11.ple,
    favorable times' I'or launching a rocket to travel to Venus have ·been
    listed as Oct 27, 1965, June _5, 1967 and January ll, 1969, _and,for ~r_s,
    December 23, 1964, January 26, 1967 and February 28, 1969: (SPACE HAND-
    BOOK, Gov' t Printing Office 19?9)                               ,     ,.•_,

         Of course, there are simi_lar favorable times for launching a ,spac:.~­
    vehicle from Mars (or Venus) tci the earth, and for each of these launch-
    ing times, the_re would be a cprrea;ponding arrival time. at :the earth.,
    These favorable arrival time's ccime at intervals of about 584- d&is for
    Venus and about 780 days for _Mars. Actually, in each case, ·the inte_r.val
    is a close approximation to the synodic period of the planet; for Venus,
    the synodic period varies from 579.8 to 587.8 days, and -for :Mars,_ ,from.-.
    767 to 803 days.             ---                          ·._· ·   · --- ·----

         One could then choose 'intervals of 20 days' say teii' days' ~ either
    side of a favorable arrival_date, and look to see how many UF'O's wer;e,,-
    sighted in each such "favorable arrival interval", here named- fai~c -~-­
    (Plural fais). If there were no increase· in the number of UFO's in .,these
    fais, then it would be unlikely that any considerable number of t:IFo•'s'- -
    had been arriving from Mars or Venus.
       · ' Same one is certain to raise the question as to whether.· or not a
    Martian or a Venutian would elect . to travel in a minimum-energy. orbit.
    Here I shall assume' that- intelli~nt beings hOIII any part                  of
                                                                     the ,universe
    will choose to travel by means and paths that will minimize, the eX.Pendf~
    ture of energy~ ; '    '.      .    -   -                    . ... --", ' ;~

         This fai approach to the problem can be carried a step farther.
    One can make a list of the UFO's observed in the fais, and look at the
    record of each to see if the UFO was observed traveling in the direction
    it would have if it came from Mars (or Venus) in a minimum-energy orbit.
••                                              AVIONICS


  Spectacular corona display along General Electric's experimental 500,000-v. transmission line near Pittsfield was produced by
  applicat=on of more than 120% of r~ted voltage. Corona also is induced by dirt, salt crystals or ather foreign particles on the
  line or insulators. An extremely high voltage gradient can develop across these, exceeding breakdown voltage of air.


  Plasma Theory May Explain Many UFOs
                                   ·By Philip J. Klass                                      top Soviet scientists, including Academi-
                                                                                            cian Peter Kapitsa.
   Washington-Luminous plasmas of ionized air, a special form of "ball lightning"               Five years ago, several U. S. labora-
   generated by electric corona that occurs on high-tension power lines under certain tories began to invest!gate the phenome-
   conditions, may explain many sightings of lower-altitude "unidentified flying ob· non, motivated in part by its possible
  jects.~· It is n~lated tO St. Elmo's fire, sometimes seen on or near aircraft iri flight. application to anti-ICBM defenses
     If this theory is correct, it would explain the increasing frequency of UFO sight- (AW&ST Dec. 4, 1961, p. 52). These in-
  ings in recent years when there have been growing numbers of very high-voltage cluded the Bendix Research Labora-
· power lines. Also there has been increasing atmospheric pollution whose contami- tories, the Illinois Institute of Technol-
  nants may play a catalytic role in the phenomenon.                                        ogy's Research Institute and Raytheon's
     Descriptions contained in a recent - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - advanced development group.
  book, "Incident At Exeter." appear to out last November. Fuller speculates                   There is a striking similarity between
  support this theory. John G. Fuller, its that the extra-terrestrial spacecraft may the reported characteristics of ball light-
  journalist author, interviewed dozens of be attracted to the power lin~s as a ning and the UFOs sighted by dozens
  persons who reported seeing. UFOs in source of energy for refueling ..their pro- of persons in the Exeter area, as re-
  the vicinity of Exeter, N. H., approxi- . pulsion systerf!s.                  · ·         ported by Fuller, who used a tape re-
  mately a year ago.                               Electric corona, which this writer be· corder to insure accurate observation
     Fuller expresses the belief that top · lieves is the mechanism that triggers one . · details. For example:
  Air Force and government officials form of "ball lightning"· under suitable                  • Color: Ball lightning is multi-col-
 know that the UFOs are extra-terrestrial conditions, is a moderately well urider- ored. but red is the most predominant
 spacecraft but have successfully kept stood phenomenon. But mOst scientific color reported, followed by intense blu-
 this a secret for nearly two decades to investigations of corona have been ish-white and green. A vast majorHy of
 prevent national panic. But a much aimed at devis-ing means of suppressing the sightings reported from Exeter said
 more plausible scientific explanation it, rather than gainjng f1.,lndamental theo- the object was red, whil~ the remainder
 emerges when the Exeter sigh.tings are retical understanding.                              were. either. bluish-white. green. or a
 analyzed.                                         Ball lightning, most frequently re- combination of all of these.
     Most of the UFO sightings in the ported during or immediately following                  • Shape: Ball lightning normally is
 Exeter area occurred along or very near a thunderstorm, is poorly understood. either spherical or ellipso'dal with many
 to high-tensiori power lines, according Until recent years it attracted little scien- reports of a doughnut-shaped or ring
 to the author. The same is true of two tific attention, having been treated by configuration. The Exeter sightings were
 other ·sightings he investigated in west- many as an "old wives tale." But in the mostly round, ova1-shaped or dome-
 ern Pennsylvania and others reriorted at late forties and early. fifties, ·ball light· shaped.                             .
 the time of the No.rtheast power black-· ning attracted the attention of several             • Sound: Ball lightning is often ac-

 48                                                                              Aviation Week & Space Technology, August 22, 1966
  •            -.,,_., ....
                          _          ..,
                              -~---"'·                          :. ,.._~ ..'   ' ..


  Ionized plasmas produced by electric discharge in laboratories of Illinois Institute of Technology's Research Institute several
  years ago show some of the characteristic shapes of UFO sightings. However, these pictures were made with extremely short
· film exposure times of 0.2-0.5 micrasec .• far briefer than the Lucci photo (below).

 companied by a sizzling or hissing
 sound. Exeter sightings reported that
 the UFO sometimes made a soft hum··
 ming or hissing sound.                    ·
     • Dynamics: Ball lightning has been
 reported as hanging motionless at times,
 yet able to move up, down and horizon·
 tally at extremely high speeds. It ap-
pears to move by rolling and gliding,
often along electrical conductors or
structures and frequently exhibits a spin-
 ning motion. The Exeter sighting re·
ports said ~he objects often hovered over
a fixed location, frequently power lines,
often rolled or bounced along, some·
times exhibiting a spinning motion and
would then appear to zoom off at great
speed and disappear from sight.
    • Lifetime: Ball lightning reports in-
dicate that they can have a lifetime rang.
ing from several seconds to many min-
utes. Observers at Exeter reported that .
objects remained in view for a few sec·
onds or as long as 15 min.                    Unidentified flying object photographed over high-tension power lines near Beaver,
    • Size: Ball lightning has been re-       Pa., in August, 1965, by James Lucci with full moon visible to the left of UFO, is
ported in sizes up to 15 ft. in diameter.- believed to be a form of ball lightning induced by electric corona discharge. Photo
Exeter observers estimated · the size of was taken using film with ASA speed of 100, lens opening of f/3.5, set at infinity,·.
objects sighted at from the size of a · .and exposed tor 6 sec. Film development time was 12 min.
basketball to as much as 200 ft. in
diameter.                                    power line until cooled and extinguished
                                                                                      .    TranSmission Jines near the ocean
    This apparent size discrepancy is ex.· by external forces.                          are also susceptible to corona because
plainable in several ways. All but two of       So long as a transmission line and      salt crystals deposit on the lines and
the sightings reported at Exeter by its insulators are clean and suitably ·insulators, according to A. F. Rohlfs,
Fuller were made at night and one of designed, corona does not normally-. manager of high voltage development
the two occurred at dusk. The absence occur. But if small particles ·of dust or · for General Electric at Pittsfield, Mass.
of visible landmarks for size comparison     salt crystals, for example, become af·        Exeter is located only 10 mi. from
would make it difficult for a layman to fixed to the line or insulators they can the· ocean. The power lines of the
estimate size accurately, especially when trigger the cor.ona~ according to DarreU Exeter and Hampton Electric Co.,
the object could induce fright in the Shankle, manager of field research in· which were involved in the sightings,
observer.                                    Westinghouse EI.ectric's electric utility run right doWn ·to the ocean beach
    Additionally, the type of ball light- operatio·ns- The reason is that an ex~ beyond Hampton. The company's chief
ning triggered by electric corona may tremely high-voltage gradient develops            engineer, Stanley Sawyei, says that
be a Jower·energy plasma of larger size across the dust or salt crystal which corona occurs more frequently "when
than that usually induced by lightning exceeds the breakdown vOI tage of air. there is not much rain to clean off the
discharges.                                     Even. flying insects that alight on the Jines."
    Electric corona is a luminous plasma line can trigger a corona. For example,           A check with the U.S. Weather Bu-
:::aused by ionization of the air sur· during the months of August and Sep- · reau shows that conditions during the
·oundiog a transmission line .or one of tember a very.high-voltage transmission ·summer of. 1965 preceding the Exeter
 ts insulators. When electric corona line in West Virginia experiences fre· sightings in September were especially
irst occurs, it briefly resembles a small quent coronas caused bY ·~flying spiders" · conducive to corona in that area because
 .troke of lightning. The corona can         that are carried by the winds and alight it was an extremely dry summe:r.
 ·emain_ fixed or .can trav:eL along the on the lines, ..,according to.~Shankle.           For example, during the months of

~viation Week & ·Space Technology, August 2~. 1966
•Tuly, August and• Septel]lber the Exeter
  rea received barely more than half of
 its normal rainfall. During these three
 months, there was only 6.0 in. of rain,
                                                 vided an unexpected opportunity for
                                                 additional evidence that indicates a rela-
                                                 tionship between electric transmission
                                                 lines, and associated power distribution
 compared to the average of 10.8 in.
   Wheil corona first occurs, it usually
  has a bluish color which Can then take
                                          apparatus, and the type of object sighted
                                           near Exeter and Pittsburgh.
                                             A private pilot, Weldon Ross, was'
  on the color of a lightning strike, ac- approaching Hancock Field at Syiacuse,
  cording to experts on the subject. But_ N.Y., for a landing '"at almost the _exact
                                                                                                 ·explode
  the presence of sodium-chloride (salt) moment of the blackout. As he looked                      ••. the theory that a challenging
 on the line could give it a pronounced below him, just over the [345,000 v.]                      career has to include challenging
 ·orangish-red color from the sodium power lines near the Clay, N.Y., sub-
  with a touch of gi-een due to the station, a huge red ball of brilliant                          living conditions. United Controi.
 chlorine.                                intensity appeared"
    This suggests that some of the Exeter    This particular substation initially was              the fastest growing aerospace
 sightings could have "een no more than   reported to be the "crux of the diffi-                   electronics corporation in the
 a corona discharge traveling along the          culty," Fuller writes.
 power line. Here are some of the first-
                                                 Same Report                                       Pacific Northwest, has career
 hand observations described by Fuller
 in his book:                                      A total of five persons reported the            opportunities open now. Men
    • Meredith Bolduc: '"This thing was same phenomenon, including Robert C.                       who join us will have a chance
 ·coming up the power lines toward the ··Walsh, deputy commissioner for the
 road ..."                                       Federal Aviation Agency in the Syra- ·           to contribute to advanced proj-
    ;, Mrs. Jerline Jalbert: "We see it reg-    .cuse area, according to Fuller.
 ularly along here. Always seems to be             On Nov. 26, Fuller reports that a               ects of major importance to the
 somewhere near the Power lines.,.              power failure in St. Paul, Minn., coin~
    • Mr. Heselton: "Just the other night,      cided "with the appearance of objects
                                                                                                  aircraft and space industry. They
 some other people saw it along another'·       overhead giving off blue and white                will be members of a young,
 section of the power lines."                   flashes ~ - . . Fifteen minutes later a
     • Mr. A. Reid Bunker, Sr. "We were         resident on Hogt Avenue repOrted a                vigorous organization that is al•
 under the high-power lines ... when at 'biue-glowing' UFO as all house lights                    ready leading the way in its field.
 !0:45 p.m. we saw an object approach · and appliances in the area went dead." ·
 ... It had red lights most, and sort of   Fuller hints at foul play by extra-                    They'll work with some of .the
 green and white lights . . ."                  terrestrial spacecraft by claiming . that
                                                scientists have not been able to explain          brightest minds in the aerospace
 First Sighting                                 the causes of the Northeast power
     The first Exeter sighting on Sept. 3, blackout or the simultaneous proximity
                                                                                                  industry. Read the ad on the
   1965, that triggered many. subsequent . of the UFO sigh lings.                                 opposite page. This is the kind
  reports, made by a teenage'r and subse-     Engineers working with large~area
-quently witnessed by two policemen, power distribution networks concede                          of action you'll be involved with .
  was located near the 34,500-v. trans- · that the complexity of such systems
  mission line of the Exeter and Ha·mpton makes it difficult to pinpoint readily a               at United Control. Yet, outside
. Electric Co. The line is mounted on specific faulty circuit breaker. But no··                  the plant you·n· enjoy living in
  wooden poles approximately 29 ft. competent expert has publicly advanced
  above the ground. In total there were    the idea that the blackout resulted                   one of the world's most beauti·
  73 instances, Fuller. writes, where per- from  external causes.
  sons reporting UFO sightings near Exe- Voltage Surges                                          ful regions. Drive 20 minutes to
ter used the words "power lines" or                                                              the cosmopolitan bustle and cul-
"transmission linesn or referred to loca-           During conditions of such power net-
tions near power lines. ,-             .         work ~instabilities, there are voltage          tural attractions of Seattle. Drive
     During the period in which Fuller was     . surges at some points in the network.
researching the Exeter incident, he              These higher-than-normal voltage con-           40 minutes to snow-capped
visited Beaver, Pa., near Pittsburgh, to         ditions would induce very large corona        . peaks and mountain wilderness.
check· UFO reports. One night sighting           discharges.
during the previous·· month near ·high-             The leakage current duriilg corona           Golf year 'round, cruise on hun-
tension power lines had been made by             contains harmonicS in larger than usual
17-year-old James Lucci and two friends          proportions, creating an inductive effect'      dreds of miles of sheltered waters,
and Lucci had managed to photograph              which aggravates network instability.
the object (see photo, p. 49).                   But only to this extent could the corona
                                                                                                 enjoy clean air ... space ... a home
  When Fuller and Lucci visited the              or corona-induced ball · lightning have         with a view. For full details on
area of the sighting and he was asked to        contributed to the blackout problem,
pinpoint · its location, the youth re-          according to several experts.                    careers at United Control, send
sponded: ·~·rd say it was right up there,          The marked resemblance betWeen
directly over the wires, not more than          many of the Exeter sightings and re-
                                                                                                your resume to Mr. D. G. Vawter,
fifty or sixty feet."                           ported observations of ball lightning            Employment Manager.
   A sighting was made three days later         appears significant, as· well as their
in the same general area by Donald de           frequent appearance on, along or near
Turka from his yard. His house, Fuller
reports, was ...down the street from· a
section    of   high-volhige   transmission
                                                high-tension power lines under atmos-
                                                pheric · conditions likely to produce ·
                                                corona discharges along the lines.
                                                                                                ~ UNDID CDNmDL
line."                                            The only unresolved question is the
   The Northeast power blackout pro-            mecha11ism . by ·which the corona .dis-         UNITED CONTRO~ CORP./ REDMOND, WN.S8052


50                                                                                  A:viati~n Week & Space ~Technology. August -22, 1966
--~:.-------- - - - - - - · - · - - - -


                  UFO-Ball Lightning Observations Compared
                                                                                                 Easy readin,..1
     ' CHARACTERISTICS
       Color
                                         EXETER UFOs                BALL LIGHTNING
                                Usually reddish-orange and/ Multi-colored,        with red
                                                                                                                                                ..
                               or bluish-white,   sometimes dominating          pr bluish·
                        ·::·    green.                          white.
       Shape                    Rou~d, oval or dome-shaped      Spherical,· -ellipsoidal   or
                                                                doughnut-shaped.
       Movement                Often hovering or moving SometimeS hangs motion·
                                                        less or moves vertically
                               upfdown slowly. Also moves
                               horizontal!~ at slow or high
                                                        and horizontally at slow
                               speed.                   or high speed.
       Dynamics                Often seems to move with Appears to bounce or roll
                               rocking or undulating rna- in horizontal direction.
                               tion. Sometimes appears to Sometimes exhibits .spin·
                               be spinning.         ·     ning motion.                                                                      ';;.
       Sound                   No sound, or slight hum- Sometimes exhibits a siz·
                                                                                                                                            ,.
                                                                                                                                            ;
                               ming or hissing.         zling or hissing sound.                                                             ['-:
                                                                                                                                            ; __ _

       Lifetime                Frof!l several minutes to up From few seconds               to
                               to half an hour.             many minutes.
      ·Size                    Difficult to estimate by most    Daytime sightings (in
                                                                                                         This is the
                               observers during night sight·    brighter ambient ·- light)
                               ings, but those given range
                               from basketball size to 200
                               ft in diameter.
                                                                usually are a few ihches
                                                               in diameter but have
                                                               ranged up to 15 It
                                                                                                         new
                                                                                                KODAK LINAGRAPH
     charge expands into a larger plasma seen in proximity to wires or :::.tPu:.:.
     with ball lightning characteristics.          tures. It is usually airborrie or partially·        Direct Print Paper,
_ Present limited knowledge of both airborne, moving randomly in space or
     phenomena complicates this problem. · along electric conductors. It often ex-
     But the similarity of electric corona dis-    hibits rolling, tumbling or spinning
     charge and natural lightning discharge motions.
                                                                                                Type1843
     which is known to induc_e ball lightning ·      Small-diameter ball lightning has
     would seem to support strongly the been reported _inside houses and other                    Expose it to light (fluorescent or day-
     theory presented here.                      · buildings. Recently an Air Force Stra·:        light) and almost instantly you get
        Despite long years of experience with tegic Air Command flight crew reported
    corona, the experts disagree even over seeing it· inside an aircraft during flight, · · a high-contrast blue trace that can
    the effect of temperature, barometric AVIATION WEEK & SPACE TECHNOLOGY. be easily read. But that isn't the only ·.:
    pressure and humidity in inducing was told by a scientist working in the · reason you'll like this paper.
    corona. The reason is that power line field.
    corona is difficult to duplicate realisti-       Many of the ball lightning sightfngs            The excellent image it produces
    cally fo? study under controlled con-· reported by persons surveyed by Me-' lasts for hours, even in bright day-
  . ditions. To do so would require con- Nally occurred on or near power lines.~­
    struction of a huge facility, large enough       Many different theories and mathe- -~­ light. .. and for days, in room light. ·
    to house ·a long transmission line :Within rnatica] models have been advanced by                If you want the image to last for
    a chamber so that barometric pressure· scientists here and abroad to explain the
   and temperature could be varied while _,·· basic mechanism which generates ball               years  and years, process the paper in
   a variety of atmospheric contaminants · lightning and the internal-external                   the  surprisingly inexpensive KooAK
   were introduced.                              forces that enable it to survive for ex• ~- EKTAMATIC Processor, Model218K.
       There is considerably less scientific tended periods.                                    Or in ordinary chemistry..
   information available on ball lightning,         Within ·recent months two Westing·
   although a number of conflicting theo- . house Electric research laboratory scien-               Prefer an extra-thin base material?
   ries have been advanced to explain it. tists, Dr. Martin A. Uman and Dr. C.
   Several years ago Dr. J. Rand McNally, W. Helstrom published a mathematical                  Specify KoDAK LINAGRAPH Direct
   Jr. of the Atomic Energy Commission's model that Predicts many of the unusual                Print Paper, Type 1855 ..
  Oak Ridge National Laboratories made properties of ball lightning. The Wes-
  an ijnformal survey of 1,962 persons in tinghouse research was partially funded               Want more detailed information? Get it
  the laboratory. Surprisingly, he found by the Office of Naval Research.                       fast from Instrumentation Products Sales.
. that 110 of them, or 5.6% of the total            This theory suggests that ball light-       EASTMAN KODAK COMPANY,.
  sample, had observed ball lightning at ning is a luminous, high-temperature                   Rochester, N.Y.
  some time. Usually it was associated region of air having high electrical                     14650.
  with a conventional stroke of lightning; conductivity that has been heated to
  but not always.                               the required lemperature by a 'troke of
      Analyzing the returns, McNally con- lightning under suitable conditions.
 eluded thai ball lightning can originate When cloud-to-ground lightning cur-
  randomly in space but is most often . renls are symmetrical through the ball,

 Aviation Week & Space TechnoloQy, August. 22, 1966                                                                                55
    '.                                                                                                                           plied; "I wouldn't reject this possibility.
            ''                                                                                                                   because a conventional smoke·-' .... g is an
                                                                                                                                 interesting example of a pl•        i held
                                                                                                                                 together under the proper cond1tfons by
                                                                                                                                 a combination of internal and external
                                                                                                                                 forces whlch are difficult to explain
                                                                                                                                 scientifically."
                                                                                                                                    This seems an appropriate analogy
                                                                                                                                 because not every instance of corona
                                                                                                                                along power lines generates ball light-
                                                                                                                                 ning. The presence of salt vapor near
                                                                                                                                Exeter would increase the conductivity
                                                                                                                                of the air, and vaporization of the salt
                                                                                                                                crystals deposited ·during the dry sum-
                                                                                                                                mer could provide a mechanism for
                                                                                                                                 increasing current flow and air tempera-
                                                                                                                                ture once corona occurred. Other con-
                                                                                                                                taminants in the air at Exeter and at
                                                                                                                                other locations could provide similar
                                                                                                                                catalytic action.
                  PREDICT POINT-OF-FAILURE WITHOUT DESTRUCTION                                                                      A spokesman for the National In-
                                                                                                                                vestigations Committee on Aerial Phe-
    'i                You can use Kaman Variable Impedance DIS·          lion of turbine rpfn. Vibration of the Jet engine
                      placement Transducers for test stand meas-         housing, extreme fluctuations in temperature           nomena (NICAP), quoted by Fuller,
        I             urements to determine point-of-failure without
                      running the test unit to destruCtion! For ex-
                                                                         do not Influence accuracy of measurements.
                                                                         Kaman Transducers measure displacement
                                                                                                                                says that UFO "sightings seem to con-
                      ample, Kaman Non-Contacting Transducers            between transducers and adjacent conductive            centrate in small geographic areas dur-
                      have been used in high speed jet engines to        surface without mechanical connection to               ing any wave. But the concentration
                      measure growth of turbine blades in in ere-        the turbine blades. If you make measurements           area will shift around. •• This indicates
                      ments as small as .000025N-equlvalent to 1 part    In hostile environments, send for technical
                      in 1,000 total transducer range-to determine       data and application information on Kaman              that when the required combination of
                      blade elongation and other distortion as a tunc~   Nuclear's Variable Impedance Transducer.               atmospheric conditions exists, the phe-
                                                                                                                                nomenon occurs repeatedly.
  !i
   it             :Kaman Transducers Excel in Hostile Environments                                                                 It seems more than coincidence that
  .,i                                                                                                                        ·only one of the dozens of Exeter UFO
    1                            Kaman. Nuclear
                                 1700 GARDEN OF THE GODS ROAD, COLORADO SPRINGS. COLORADO 80007
                                                                                                                               sightings reported by Fuller occurred
                                                                                                                               in broad daylight. This prompted one
                                                                                                                               police officer who was interviewed by
  ''                             Telephone: (303) 473-5880 • TWX: (510) 431-4929                                               Fuller to ask: "Where does it go in the
                                                                                                                               daytime?"
                                                                                                                                   It is possible that the necessary at-
                                    PROBLEMATICAL RECREATIONS                                                                  mospheric conditions) including air con-
                                                                                                                               taminants,· do not occur until the cooler·
                                                                                                                               night air arrives. Another possible ex-
                                                                                                                               planation is that the luminous plasma
                                                                                                                               of ionized air usually is too faint to be
                                                                                                                               easily visible in daylight, although it
                                                                                                                               could appear quite bright in the dark.
 :I;'
                                                                                                                                   In the photograph taken by Lucci
   \                                                                                                                           near Pittsburgh, using a 6~sec. exposure,
                                                                                                                               the UFO appears to have about the
                           Show, with a simple example, that an irrational-number raised to                                    same brightness as the full moon along-
                           an irrational poWer need not be irrational.       -Contributed                                     side it.                                       1
                                                                                                                                   Westinghouse's Dr. Martin Uman
                            WESCON 1966 starts tomorrow and 8 is the number of the week!
                                                                                                                              suggests several possible tests which can
                            We'll explain. This year's show is ..8-great-shows-in-one" featuring ·                            be made in the presence of a UFO sight-
                            8 special product areas from communication and detection to .                                     ing to confirm or deny the ball light-
                            computers to air and space control systems. (There are 5 other                                    ning theory. )f it is an electrical dis-
                            areas to see.) And we're happy to announce that our eighth puzzle                                 charge. it should generate radio noise.
                            bookie~ Problematical Recreations 8 , is available to all problem                                 At least several persons interviewed by
                            solvers during WESCON. Pick up your free copy at the Litton                                       Fuller reported that their automobile
                          · booth #!507. We'll be on the main floor of the Los Angeles Sports·                                radios had briefly become inoperative
                            Arena displaying our latest advances and new products. Hope to                                   ·when the object came near.
                                                                                                                                  If the object is viewed through ·an
. ·~.                      .see you the 23rd through the 26th!
                                                                                                                              inexp~nsive prism or transmission grat-
                           ANSWER TO L.AST WEEK's PROBLEM: ·Let BC be the side opposite                                       ing it should be possible to ascertain
                           the 20° angle and D the point 10" from A on side AB. Construct                                    whether the. object is a solid spacecraft .
                           triangle ADE congruent to ABC with EDIJBC. Join EC. Then                                          or a form of ball lightning, Dr. Uman '
                           triangle AEC is equilateral and angle DEC = 40°. T~iangle EDC                                      points out. If the obj.ect is a solid, the
                           is isosceles and angle EDC is 70°. Thus the stripe makes an angle                                 viewer will see a continuous spectrum~
                                                                                                                              but if it is a form of ball lightning !J.e
                           of i50° (or itS supplement) with the edge.
                                                                                                                             will see instead a number of individual
                                                                                                                             colqr lines, including intense red~ radia-
                                            ·.   [8 LITTON   INDUSTRIES
                                                    Beverly Hills, California                ~htl98d
                                                                                                                             tiOn- due to the presence of hydrogen
                                                                                                                             and blue due to nitrogen in the air._ ·

                 60                                                                                                  Aviation Week & Space }e-?hnology, August 2~, 1966
                          /          ~jt:, ~t;;:_ iJ-11-. kco~' pf~/7'+ f1;. {/-.,._~
                                                                         &-           1;;-
                                     tvd{ /dff/U r;t( rt#l) ~ ~ A,;GA- U(y f(,CfiJ
       ""Mt. /1          i-1          ~ ~.-- &..d rf .t:_ ~ ~ ~ rt<f. c,.e_,L
                                                 ~             2,P~ .~';_. ~~
                                     ~~1 !:!4 .~-!!, ~ ~- ~ ~ 4 l'ltt.G.vav
       I'    ' 0A7-'kJI.AiJ .-        ·
            . i                  ·


                            ·--;t/l,_ ~ ~ ~- .~~~
  tJvJ            ,h_,(J;.e, t   ·. ,_- ui::-o, t:. ~ A ~~ 04F
 t<---,)Au. (ac-t- ~- t.J--(1_ cLo 'MJ1~ 4-Ul-0 ~i/..._~
.,4-. t>-JAJ~ . ~J-<---0 ·.1 ~ 1 re-t~~ ~ f ~
   o--ip" ~, rJ-- ~                                       1u    Lrr-ru ~? .A-
   ~.JZ(~~ .u (v() '1 ~ ~ wJ{ eriAl ~ ~~;_
       uU/        tJ~-- ~c."" (JvLL~:._ ~ k
   ~~ ~~l                                         V--     ~ ~0 .).- ~~ ~-
       ~ ~ ~-                               1 "'- t>F fl/ f'Q,
       ,              IJ:))___ A:iu;,       d~ .:. ~~               . :: -.kW-' J
 ~ te-~ ~ A;j.                                                 ~.r/ ~ /
Jie ~- tM' It' /)Ji ~ A ~b~~ ~
   ~tr                    1 "H~ uh Jef~ "' '66-                               ciW2   o--t~ /1,
C..:        ~~<""-!..~ _.(- ~ ?,/~                      M\JrvC -{:;1J.   . tu c)     cJ;tJ;:;:_h
A           uf-'~s;            f{v -ycrvv ~~ ~-
                      f'>1qtH_        0-e   ~ ~ ~ f'~· ~
~ r -/_,_4-v~i 1f til- ~·· ~..-.;), k ~ ~
•••                                        DRAFT


             I am writing to thallk. you .tor_ ;rour report o,i','"lan'-
      unidentified flying object seen on
             We are grateful to you for advising the Department of this
      incident and your report will be examined in the Ministry of
      Defence to see if there are any defence implications.                                      We cannot
      undertake to pursue our research, other than for defence implications,
      to a point where positive correlation with a known object is
      established, nor to advise you of the probable identity of the
                                         ~..---
      object seen •. _               ~

            You~~l/1 no doubt/wf'sh
            /'_/           ,..,/
                                    to kn6w, however 7 •"th~;·:~estigations
                                                 ,/            ,/-   ~_,.,,:":;""
                                                                       ....... ...                            ~~"""'-- --.,_\
      over a numbef of years have so !ar produced no evidence that'""UFOs                                                  1
       //           _/    /"'              t'/        _,.,.~""                      .._     //   ,..!?~;"'"                !


                                          (/-"'
      represent ~ a+:r' defence threat t<?.•the United Kingdo~~_,.,"-
                   \~/                                                                    v,..
•                                                           DRAFT


               I am writing to thank you for your letter asking for
       information about unidentified flying objects.
               The Ministry of Defence investigates UFO reports, which are
       received from various sources, eg members of the public, the
       police, Service units, etc, to see if there are any defence
       implications.            Reports are examined in the Ministry of Defence by
       experienced staff.                They do this with open minds.   They have access
       to all information available to the Ministry of Defence.                 They
       call on the full scientific and professional resources of the
       Ministry of Defence and may, if necessary, call in expert advice
       from other Government and non-Government bodies.
               Since the Ministry of Defence interest in unidentified flying
       objects is limited to the defence aspect investigations into the
       scientific significance of the phenomena are not carried out.
               You will no doubt wish to know, however, that ~stigat±ons­
       over-a"1l1l!!lrer--o£---years.-have~o--£~<-p;roduced~no-·.·evidence.ctha~oUF.Os-- .

,.     repr~s'en~anc:aiTO:ef"e1Ice"4;moeatc;,tO""othe·,..Umted···'Kingdom•   -·Reported-
···\;"{~ ·E:~pq·,.€~.tf. ov""f.:r q ttu~~-.,-· ~J.. 8eQr~
     (sightings are considered to~originaty, .·in the main, from
       aircraft or the lights of aircraft being seen under unusual
       conditions, balloons and various meteorological phenomena as well
       as astronomical sightings, space satellites and space "junk".
 '
1e
 I
.i

              ~-'
I    '}1)(.
                    1/                 UFO'S
I    I.
                  attcui.J   .;   c.    ~~ (- f-"'--- A          ~J
          ~~1 ~I rJ~~~ 1 ~~I A }u_
          ~~ A J_,_d <?J d/AJ u r::-o tHf&-t;.

     2.       i ~ tf~r/ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~A
     ~~       r   ~ ?~(;                   r        L<--~ ~.~
     ~ ~ aLl ~ ~ "' J£_
      ~L JLv<- ~~- ~ ~crt;                                       f
     J;/~ ~ .AJ-A--~                                    ~t&'h_cfi,_U
     ~ J:i, '*I~- ,_.) .~ -6 £i.
     ~."(_,          0   ~              {)_,   c.   .        '       J

     ~~~~~,~~

     ~- ~cAL                           1~ ~ ~ ?
     p~            ~ ~7~ 1 -4-e 7~1                                  cY cflV'

     ~ Ae ~~'" ~ .A·~
     ~ ~~. ve aho If~(- ~ ~- h
     1ot-l; t~ ~ ~~~
                  .
                     __A- ~k
     ~r           lL,c   ~ uy~                            ~
!


!e
I
                                              ~


I
            ~                             ck,c/__..J;J     Ql   4.~ ~-

           ~ ~te.v~;;_p ~                            0-    .I ~-            ~ e<nl

       ~£.- ~~ (; crvJJ                           lt_/(r   ~ ~~ ~
       ~- UFD ~h ~'-tcj-tJ ~                                                    ~

      A~                                      ,      ~~~
           ~ ~k                                    ~ ~ rAJ;                                  (-e_

           ~bo~,

     2>.    ~              tre_     ~ ~j) ~t A ~
       CJ ;££       ~                 J       ctho cA           ft1   r;, ~~-           ~
           ~~~&            ?        o._    ry'd ~~ ~"1-~ol:;.
       o/ iyL ~~ ~ dv;J ~ .,__, (vv
           ~ ~ A                                   ,nJ.    (...!:;        w,J_.{        1-<
           ~ ~:J;                                 ~.            ~~             ~
           ·~         .--.: rc;--;o         ~ J:::4 ~«•) r·~ ~
           u;:o     ~tf~~                         ~ ~ (~
     ~            U.JfhC    ~~~-..: fl~ 'S G 9
      f-tA. ~ o/~ r~~r5d
     {~ ~                      c_     ~f us~-~- ~ t;. /
                                                                      #         ,-       t      f

                                                                             (A.V}J',   tv~
e   e-M4:.,tf~ '7'~        f uFas) ev..-~ tr''~A)-e ~
    eM-     rf'l1.r ~~, ~ ~~~                              cj       ~~~
    c.__)    0-~      k     uro     ~.                j?- tv~ a-/~

    e--v'   f1)0 ~~ J~                     tL) (/~~                             ~
    ~ /V--..~1 Jh4'J-l" ~~                                           ~
    ~~ ?J~~ ~                    ~                   ( ~            1:- :::ti-M-
    ~        Hf~          ~~:rJ ~-0~               (76. d.      ~ ~

     A~ a. k7 i                          v-    ~4
    ~._&{-~ ~ ~vr~                                    ~~                    i ~
    ~~-~~H). t ~~ ~/"
    vf r~ tc/ (A~
              . .
                  A- cMJ ~'TV~
    ~         C\.   v--1¥ (?~~· age~~                                            ~
    };u;_ ~'eA(           Cit_   fiM'      L-'v~-/vf:; I     ;v/•    We.,      ~

    ~~~ ~ ~- ~I                          fv;    1-E--F~ ~ ~
    ;4~~            -h-vLck,      /v_)    ~                ~' c"" /
    ~ ~ ·1 JJ~. ~r-.y~ f-~                                          1~
    f~ tlrUJ-1-f[~-vt, _j)~~                          ~                (11.-   uf-Os

    ~-<- ~· ~ ,;tLM- "                                     J
    ~ ~~~~ d7~ ~ i<J,,J__)
    vw1 {w 0-~ _,A-· dVV uf-o ~yy{..,
      ~-     ~         t~~                                 ~-
•   ~ ;t           p- of'!~                      0-.   ~· ;&~
          A!~"vL; .~{- ~ ~ -' ~ ~Le
          ~            r---                        !    ~ J;L;                    A-R-

      ~-               4 w                    ,LA         M; ~~ ( ~                       g
          1110 ,~tJYiJ) ~ till~~ ~ Jl~- c...'                                              c__


          /J$13 C' J       ~-'"'              tf~             a___   uhJt         c_A-


          /S~                  £.-\,   ~ (Cj]J.# ~ J:pfJ .
                       ·~~              o--   ~                      lcri~
     ~N i~                             11 ~ p~ ~~-~
          ~.            .J~            ~ ~             .::(     i-H_;;A:; .

          ~ ~~ ~                               l.u- ~ 1-                 <'-   cA:L
      -irf4h J             j           ~?Tf .~ ~ ~ ~- ~
               .   .
      ..A)~~                                   ~A~~                                4


      ~            fw                              ~r                9         o£._:/ ~­

      ~~ ~ vi- L-U                                            ~,. ·-;,_~                 Lp_
     ~-            _,;A-           ~JJ ~. ~.

    _:>       ik AJ;W ;~ ~ u~~
      4                if~ ~ ~~~ ·. re/V ~
                                                                                 IJVV'/
• ~ ~ tf~,:t ~r~
    (/<4   ~             (}-.   j     w-E~ ~ ~ vU-7 (-


   ~ ~ A- i:L .P~,                                    -t ~ ~
   M~
                                           ~           1~~--!:4
   '1~·
 t. !IN rcu-ur:v.,                  ~ "'~- p ~ ;A- ~ ~
 ~~.A~ YJy~- .~ ~
  1~
           ~     tJ~ 1 fo ~ ~ ~~                                             fr -4v
                /7 JO           ~~ ~ fE4~ ~ S'~
               }'VLlJ}   fi'P~                   ~   u ,£or        tJ 0-,   f::Lu ~~
               A- ~wv ~c~ fo1!0- ~ ~
               t;t-/u:£ ~6- ~ r-~ 0                                   ~
               ~~ ~' ?1-~c.J ~~.
           ~-L& ~- /~ / wiA::(_ ~~--y
            ~·~                     (lk,   ~ P..~ 6) rvP 0~
           (.~           ~                      ~~   /'e/ ~/
       ~ ~                            h-. ~ ~~- ~ Uro u.r-R.
           ~ ~ ~ f~ rf~ ~
           f~ · c9 ~c~u, k                                            1])1

           ur1 r Cf~                       c:   ~             -·   r'~J...ef
•       lV}       c._   ~- -ff c~                          tv'€    ~
        vel~                        ~(- d)¥~ -~--·~~
        .teJt~ ~/ ~ w.J--i ~
        ~ ~                         M    o). A, W                  :.v{ ~

        o}f         d           ~~            ~r 4J-
        ~-               iJ-2   ~ ~- ~ ~

        r /t:Le ~~ ~                                                   cf A:4
        o-lj-J· ~-
    > ())r ~- ~                           lJ-e.      ~,__J                 A
        ·~~ rjtrA;-, ~ ,.~                                                  i


              ~I;;        f~-dJ!x         ~                        Cj~S,        t«
              rJ'v')    v1Nh    ~M '              Cu... e(         d    C<.~J"I"/..4._
    !         ~ ~. (w4                              P<fe. ,~ c~
              UFOl         ~        9~    CVt-..     ~Ji.... -~ /~

         1 (M.~ -~ I o-1~ ~~ ·
         t 1t{co-i_ (~/Y, (P{f.(~ A~
         w;);{. Afiv~f[              a    A~~~
          k_..Lcc~ <                     Uh         t.Jtl';-/. 1   ~- ~~

          CJf..         ~ ~                        A ~r-                        6:
              ~G(~ tef~ - /(- ~~ le-V-~-
                                       ...
              Wbf_         S'((.t   ~ t-j~
•             ~) ,/Jc~~(/ ~7~{                          ~
             o/~~-                         &J_J   A~~
             -if   CA.   ~'Z        ~(            .A-     ~cvf          .J:ie
           ~~~                 .: --C:te     ~-         '1 17'--· ~r::- t'V ~Q. .
             f;iL ~ ~ ~ /'~· ~
              ~·
     d. M ~/ ~ .,_;, ~                                     dY   /u-e, cJi
             1vy{; ~ peJ fj (, :J Ci ~o ~
        ~M; ~r""'"~ef                        (!:&- ~                   0~
           ~                   tef,ti:o_ ~ Jn·· ~~
      1 ~ 1~                           oY,   J"~, 1~
       A


       ~
               #4{w /\_Nev-e- ~ ~
                               c.
                                              je
                                    17~~ r?-'~ rV
                                                    A
                                                                         c.__.

        ~~ {vt "' (0~:                                    ~~u__~l.
      /J{          c~~~~1~· ~~
     cJlAJ     ~ (- ~ ~~ .::. ~·~ ( ~_).f

     ~. 1\W</. ~~ 'd ~·
     .~. /L                         '~ ~~~p./h
    ~              c._   J'y        ~~ ~/ J.juJ/
    ~ ~ ~ ~ A A                                                 ~~i-t:
    ~-
    .  .~ 1-UL,. rrl.;· oJ-e 9 ~ ~~
                                    ~
    ~ y~~ d- .Ji--J A Cf;v-t-. ~
                           l
                                                                   .        /
•               c.-C•-nJ'
                ~~
                            ./~ ~'-€ 1 ~ l~~9~ .
                                      u--/~           we.     ivc~ ~--
                ~AF{-~~-- ~
                ~~~~~i
                J..-~c~               ~- ~~. tv~'f. t4~
                -10 .~~~ tv4-                                AP        okT
                "}!.,.(;0~        c•••:   C/fl4!-,   tOJ..-cf.y_._ u   A..:r ?::le
                                                                   '
                 M-'j)      ~ ~ u FO\ c.;                   cv-u----Ci
                ,~u.;~ . ;                          tv'ecL Ju[( ~~~
                fleA. je-
                iv'f   civ ._e~
                                  .:ru-A              a~u fo -fh~u-u
                                                       ~               p
                 ~ "' ;_ J&a 6 .. '()
    1. Altf]_JJ_ J ~. /"' ~ ~ ~ 'l~ '" rero~
      ~- c ~~~ 1 cr0tr~
       '7 ba ~ J.e /-&~ 0/ J p. ~~ tv--e.
      ~~ ' ~~~ ~0'1 ~ ;:__ S'~
      ~~- ~~ w-e of~ A- ~~ 0 tL.-y
     ~~ • c.c- ~ lJ:J:;{_ c.._ 04- J_ ~                                        lf-7


     u~~ ~                  L~ ~                                         IL4          c0.~-
     ~ ~u(~ ~ ~..e JJJ A J~
     fl.-ev(-   c.     ~/VIA(_-     ,rv--     c.-      ~               9~
     ~~~A<..~~~
                       .
     ~4 ope~- A~ ~ ~[(- ~7
•         ~h     .~~                             of..£,_ .,.& A.r<J ~ A ./Lf_

                 !:;-      ;i ac~                 A      .J:Le ~~~ C/ .

                !:- ~; ~;}' 9 ~--- {;L "f ;rl;- "" .,..___
                        ~ A                  .c~ u~d:?                A       ~~e

                        fi_;.        ~~               f4          1n-!;' ~ ~
                        ~ ~(--~ ~ ~~d
                  (/    ~                     ! fr~
                                   ~ct ~ ~e-1! .
                                     W'f)u                  VO         C(.,


                     tiL; ~ ~,;~ ~~ ~ £ _/£
                     ~c.~               J ~ . _: ~~ b.
                ~·   w _/;&A)/?~~ ~- ~
                 e~- 7 h                     f    1 r/;-/;; ~ ~ 1~
                ~(Lt- ~ ice                       ~~ _A-
                                        -
                                 LAJ-1'/1-~.; <::/;. n-kv ~ />1-..e.....- c..       "

                a.vfM :Y ~.                      ~·      A::: ~ ct Lt~
                                                              q


                ~-              a_   .f';u- ~~                    0fl,JJ

                ~~--r-               vd~              r~ ,,,~.,~ ~
                ~t.

     o     lf.r ~                                 n ..;,_        ~      ~~
     C.    ~              ~clJu          ~        }.M-f           .

    ~d.-, ~ ~ .4 ~ ttJ-h (;;._                                    J t~ ~-
     ~     6,    .i«-, ~                     ~ dir:f:..@.__ :t£~ :1.,_y S' '-f. F
•           b            ~- iJ_.~                                        0~/ ~

           J ~~.~ ~ u~GJ iN~
           d ~ (fl-..~ ~       J~-                          tv ;C(_               C/VV


           riGft. 7 of Ad~ ?~ ·0~ ~
         ~- ~ tf~rv L~ ~ A ~
          ~~                   1Y h~ __.t       _j(!__ptJZL{}-e_            ~ ~ C(

           a_h~ ~ ~ ~ C:UJ~ 71:,                                                         lvvJL/

         .J~ ~ ~iA-'-~ ~                                         ,f      ;i4      c!~~
          w~ ~                     A   ~ ~ 1M~ <(~-
         ~               ~~~ t.J·~.J_/      f    1 ~~ ~
     A U                   ~ ~t,) /~ '~-                                  tJ.R_   ~       M1--

     rvd ~ ~~ ~ i.e ~ J
         t.J-.J.J        4         ..J.Lt- ~ ~ ~ ~
         cL.~ ~ ~ f&VU--~ A.e ~u.S<,.<:-.
                    ·,


     J~~~ ~~ ~ jdzJ. ~- J:L
     0'\.A...II..Ai~~ (uv ~ ~4 ~ ~rJ;;( .16.
                           -   •


    ~iu.L. t- oJ~               ~f--f~-                ~ ~ cj.._,
    C-     ~~ vi ~                          -        -                    - - .. tf
9. J'vL-, W:U t_,c.;/_              .A ~U::W                             cr-0- ~         f
a~~-                                ~                            ,
                                                    ~-
                                                       --   ~.       I
•   ~wM~~
             J~ ~               1X ~                 ~~:..._c... ~
    t4 ~             ¥    l~ ~                                ;             L';:f_           '.z.~.,
     A--o~ ~ ~                          ~ ~' ~                                               /)c-:1) ~

     k: 1....,';..   TV~?               -         )~ ~~                                          <!?...


     ~~~~~-We~~..,&-
       ~ 0~ -*r-./Ci ~ J4~~
       ~ ~ ff-J ~ f*./--e -?~ ~ t
         ~~                '-   ~ ~ ~'..{- ~~
                                ·~\


         ·~ ~                   ~                tp -f4 ~ ~ <tG:"(

                      ~ ~        r      A-...L       eJ\A.-       .,6- <i.--         .   r/) c--:b

             ~ ~ ~ ~~                                               I.A._       J.-~~·

               ~ ~ fk1J&· 4          !( H- e.         CL_,;_         .ft.t ~-
             dj }J__U-. ~                   ~          2~_           ~ ~                      (f,Av
                                                                                         7
               ~~               ~      ~{'~1'f,
                     ~ ~~ ·~ J) S8" c.,                o,_        ~. lf..e

                     ¥&~~~~~~
                                        )i_ '1-1 ~
•                                                                  -
    ~
       Jy· !JJ. ~ J'/CO C       f?,~
      f(d¥'7~ ~.J     ,~Vf    ~                       --e;   .l'Tao_c
                                   ·'       '
     9~        ~ ~ ufvo A-~8~
     CJ--I_J. ~      ~ d~ '-~-'                               lk
     ~ (L..} ~--I      t.-v ~ ~ /:te            t'"


      ~~~~a_)

     ~ ~~              ~   plb-)          -a~                ~
     ,~ ~()~~ ~                            ~-
      J cy~ A J;t.;,    ~               ~ r~'-e-


                             }'ZFP(~
                                7/17            1 -:


     (. ~    }k ·~ vt~:v~ -;j ~                  1 d~
    ~w-J . ~ ck.._   ~ ~ ~              .2'-(-Wo .           ~

    .;t ~~   ~ ~ (!r ffa_ A: ~ ~
    ~c/J·~.
       •
.I


          __ !).,

           . ~~~~~
                      .ik·~·-· ~~               .
                                       .. r' ···'?rt-f:
                                                                        .~ .Ate
                                                                     -~ ·~ -~-
                                                                                   . . ·--· -
                -Jer~             ct Lftd. ~. ffi .~~.Jr- ,iu:.J. .
     · · . ~:-~--;;z~--~--- ~fr-D_c. d.~_oo ''o/-~ ( fJL1 .C.:._ . • ~······ ..
•·•~;--~~;z:;;;/~f~JR~-
                .......c2o ....··~:·-~~~                                      ~~~~~~-·
          . . . . .- ... ~ p!:Lt---~--"1- ~~----*~··
                         -~··· ~o-1:;,4~ ~····~·.-of _---

     - ~-~~~ 5_;k~) -N~ .-~                                                                                __ __   _
      -    -     ~~. j_~                                        (      -~- .            . -       --     -~-~-
·····--~-~Mi.-~~--~····-


            ·          jr . p.......J..Jl...uo...u..J ...e-o.       · b__.L   J.L.iM-         M        OA #n'
      •
nW   ______   --·-•••••••u-~--- ~---A--~ ~--~- ._:;U. }1~------·
--~===:-~--==:_:~~=-]=~=:~~--~~~ L ~L~                                ___ -


 -------------------------~_ ~----==~----'/--~~~                 w~

=:~=~-----~--tAd A- --::&--~~         Cvvz ffJ-.r--trCticu>k-P   ~---


······;_~~~~~-;;-~1~~~--                                              7-
    •                         (D~~c~.          ..:;{-   c.~            ~h_d              4      -~
                          ~ ~                     t{    tJe        ~   ~--         I.-       ~
                                                                          •
                      .A& ~                 ~                 t;   ~~                         -(

                              ()._ ~ e.;v~. . . tt¥ -~'
                   .rf-~ UIV ~-                         L~ o~---
                   ~~              -/#                 L                 ~  ~--;- f:I.'
 . . . .. ..   .   .......        ~~         Ct..~ . /<r ....~         ~ff ·' ~-~~
                    ······-   -   .....

                   --~~---~---·~·-····-~----11/_-~ ~''}?or ~

   x·· ------~--- 7~--~--~~ -~~---·····~_ue_··· ~--._ ....··._
·····----- ···· ---~- -~ cf~ -~ -r~-                                                         .?k?   ·

 .. - -·· ~--~ [c¥' ~"'-¥u~ -~ •-··---~ ····~ .
 --=~~-=-~~~~--~~~                            t~··.                ""'-- ~.. lb~·-.,·.
 ~ -~~--~ ~!:_~]- ~~-;;;·:~-_--;;_.110. ··--~··· t~ ~~                                   . -- .
  --~---= - -~·~ -~-~----~------•~- ~- _.£~~···--~~~ -=vi=P·· ..
· ·--- -_ . . . · · . •. u-;;;z: ----~--. -;;_ ----~-- ~-- .---~---·~--- ·-·~-----~··········:·~···
      . . . · -··/Jn;;~·-·· -P-- ~-~•--~--~ . . -7~,3-~
    ·-···_··- -~ tJ;.                     ~~- r-f~--!Jt:f#~;cl~
····-····-~---~ i-~-~~-IJE~-~~~- ----
   .. --· ··~.                         ................. ----··- --·····:~~=--~=·--······-~~~-~····
    ·-· -· --- _:;,-. -cu
                        . ,. - .- l!~
                                  ~. . ,. ... - --.. . . .oe..
                                               ~
                                                           . . . . -. . ?lA... . ~-
                                                                   ~             ..  ~    . ·- ...
                                                                                          . . ..
 ..~-=~-~ -~ . ··1---~----~-~=---=g:;.-._=-··.
~ ---~-:-~-~ a::.u;;: _ -p;;:.:_··· __::;;_-~-~--- ~~----9-=~~-¥--•==---
     --== -~:.~~- -~ -ii~ - ~==P- r~-=-~-t!f'--0~;--. /~ . .
  ,···
-·-----------~--·--~·------~ __kel-t_ ~.                                                              o.Je   c;~ ~­
nU---~- ~=- ---_y{;~~;:(·---.-~~--6-~_.d,- -I~--~=t, .,. ,. ~-~---

~==--------==~={ ~                                 -    M    uafr--~~                                         ~- . ~
=~~~~=-~=~=- --~-=--~-~                                                     :----x ~. 8-n:.-u~.                           m .·

~=--~~---~--------~·~~- -~::~~:-~ ~:~------~-~--'--                                          .                          ._ ----
---·---~·· ---===Iii--~~-- ~: 4---=~~=~---=-
::·-=--=~==-=~---¥~~·~=u_h=--~~--~~:                                                                                    ___
-~-=----------~--~ ~ -,;-~, -:z--~-;--~---
-·- - ----- -        :...-~==;-zJ7h    ·- -·-·-· - ·- - ------------------------·--                                      -----
 ----------cr~_r~~---~ ~.                                                            .:1----.,__._., -~~ -
   - -·--   -,----------~---·-   - ---      --------~~                        - -l;fi;Ce_-- ----------------=- - - - - - - - - -
        · - __      &_~---··--~-·- --~;---------------- -·4-__j&_~~,-----
·~. ==-~==-~-----.:;6&_-~tq-~o--~:Cft~~e---=J;J.· ~-~-~---~-~-=~
_--=~=====--~=~------:R__g_=¥-=~----.zs--~~-----=.._:­
===~--=~~----wvtz---:A----~_{;-__ 4_ ~~·~                                           __                          tf'~---

·····--···-··----·--~·~~===~~=<-~~~~·~=~=~-~~-~~~~~.-~~-
  ------~-(:_
- ---                            _.   ----------
                                                         - -
                                                   ---------··----·-------· -·---·-------··----· ·-    ---      ---·-···-·-----


--~··--~··· =----1:-:.__ --.i-~==;;·~--~~;;::;;-~_~-:;=::=~ ~- -?fi¥_;;}_=-
--------- -----I{JL~---~=~;z--t;,.;;z-~----~~ '-· .I-=---~==
 -==-----__-.~~---~-~~~:#_-__:-k: --ru ------
==-------,14{~~- --~~_{~ )5:_ __- --;;:i;l_-------l.ZJ_~---~-A_ (:i!t_===            he_


-- ~: n--C~ ~~~·------;;--~-;c:p~~:~~ --~----~ ~unn~it-~==
-------------~----~-~ -~~----- ~---~---
-- ------                                           --- ·--------------
                 - ----- ---:Nr·-·· ····-·-- ----·---·.····                        --    -J7~----;;-


________ _A_hd~------~---,----4-----~ t?Cik-l. - ~- -~ w-e -
    •
                                         otv.~
                       >!.,_a..J. ~----"'~=---==->
-------------------· -{T-

   ----------------R----~ -~

                                                                                   ---··-----

                                                                                        ~-------··


                                              -------------------- - -


                                                                                                ·------


                                                            --- ~F0<-:-t-----------------
                                                     -- --- ---l.~J---- ----------- ---- - - - -
-----===---·----==--·-.-------------~-=-==- ___jJij.:J_J_ _ -------------------
                                                                             ·---·--·------------


                                                              ·--·--·-------···-·----------


                                                                   ··-----·-·-· ····-·--------------·-··· · - - -


----·-----·--·--·-·----···----·-- - - -

                                                     ...   --·--·--·-·-··--------
  LOOSE HINTITE

  M/CX 8o/70

  A:F'OR

  Rl!.'VISION OF AIR FORCE OPERATIONS ROOM STANDARD OPERATING PROCEDURES-
  REPORTS OF 'UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS.

  References:
  A.   MOD AFO.R SOP No 502.
  B.   AFOR/92 dated 22.7.75.
  Our suggested amendments to Ref A are as follo,,;;;;:

  Information

  Amend pe.ras 1 , 2 and 4 to read:

  Para 1.   S4f(Air) co-ordinate detailed inve<"tigation into reports on Unider.tified
  Flying Objects, consulting Ops (GE)Z{RAF), DI 55, DI 50, Science 3 and STCOc,· and
  correspond with tlle public on the subject of ill'Os when required.

  Para 2.   Circulation of reports on UFOs is S4f(Air) responsibility during normal
  working hours, and AFOR responsibility outside normal working hours. Reports may
  be received by t;:i.ephone message or by signal :nessage.

  Para 4.   The above mentioned reference gives considerable detail on the stages of
  investigation of liFO reports, and infomation should be passed to S4f(Air) a.s
  early as possible~                     ·

  Para 3 - No change.

  Action by the Duty Operations Officer

  Para 5.   Jl.mend s:ff(Air) telephone extension r·umbers to read 'Ext 7035/6020'.

  Para 6. - No change.

  Annex to SOP 502 - Report of an Unidentified }Lying Object

  Item B.   Amend to read:

            Description of Object {No. of objects, size, shape, colour, brightness,
            sound and smell).

  Item R.   Pre>>umably 'ADOC' should read   1
                                                 SCCCOC'.


                                                      ·~~!:)_
{; Aug 75                                                   }l!SS G J J A11IESOli
                                                            S4f(Air)
                                                            Room 8235     7035MB
•          MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
           Main Building Whitehall l.ondon SW1A 2HB

                                             Telephone O:OS:naG~
           MOD (AFOR) (RAF)                         01-218-6117/8

                                                               Your reference


    To:   s4       f       A,'R
          • • •• • • • • • • • • • • • • •
                                                               Our reference    AFOR/ 9 2


    REVISION OF AIR FORCE OPERATIONS ROOM STANDARD OPERATING PROCEDURES

    1.   Many of the Standard Operating Procedures used by the Duty
    Operations Officers in AFOR are in urgent need of review or
    amendment.

    2.   It is requested that you check those SOP's which are sponsored
    by your Department and advise AFOR, by completion of the attached
    certificate, of the action that needs to be taken.

                                                                   p/J_
                                                                 CLARK
                                                                adron Leader
                                                             for Officer in Charge
                                                             Air .Force Operations Room
                                                                                                                                                                   COPY NO
                                                                                                                                                                                ------
                                                                                                                                                                    SOP N0_-""5QL__
                                                                                                                                                                   PAGE NO        .1


                                                                                                MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                                                                                   AIR FORCE OPERATIONS ROOM
                                                                 STANDARD OPERATING PROCEDURE NO 502

                                                       REPORTS OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING 6i3JECTS

                      Reference : AF OR/92/ SOD, 1: 'il H;;                                                                      1§?1   1J


                      Annex                           : .Report of an Unidentified Flying Object

                      Sponsor                               S4f Air                                                                             ·
                                                                                                                                                    6 {'Y
                                                                                                                                                            ~9 ' \ c
                                                                                                                                                                   l6JJ"   'I
                                                                                                     INFORMATION ·                           ~ ~\~           oJ,

                      1. S4f(Air) co-ordinate detailed investigation into reports on
                      Unidentified Flying Obiects, consulting Ops(GE)2(RAF), DI55 ,~G,.
      . - ~ .-
                 ~-   Science ~? and/ ~('W"'!Thn necessary.-.{ . S4ft-i~ir·}-;re{fly--to,·those .
-.}
                      or-igif!;<!;t<Jr.sc;J:ha:'treque.;;t -a-r_eirlY .. a-,-_·:{(-~ "1 ,.c~ <t --·C•> {;..--t-f:t'c ·~ CL1
                           ,._.   '   :-   -.';   i    <,        ',   ' - _:   ~   ~-         ~- .::_-.._.,.. rl-2---.r::_/l.-1:.-~•
                      2 •.     inili.-a-kF;Se-.;1-f;.a't;;-.~f repor•f;s on UFOs is S4f(Air)
                                      The
                      Pesponsibility during normal working hour•s, and .~GR:(RAF..)-t        ''•"'
                      responsibility outside normal working hours, Reports. may be r<-1•:·cived
                      by telephone message or by signal message.
                                                                                                                                             {: f; ~.<-A                               ..
                      3.    Copies of all UFO reports received in ~), and reports of' ' ·.
                      AEOR(1?8J:::.J..Jni~ial im;estigation, are ci;cy,I;',~';.d toB4f(Air), Ops(GE)7.(RN'_J
                      DISS, DtSJJ€!;Sc10nce/+, and ~ V ·"' • ' •.·... •                                 ,, , .
                                      .                     •                           ,>,
                      4.              The above-mentioned reference gives considerable detail on the
                      st<;~ges of inv~stigation of UFO repa·ts, ~-e-:tteeJ'l-IM-!'1'-e'a'ses-woope:oa :fi:dd
                      i-l'l-V6:§Ug:flJiolioiSc.necessal":y.-the_ainhisthat.• ..S..4f(-Air-}.-is=provideu·~·wi£hiri .
                      1Q.da:,ts..o:LthF-..i.nitial.J."~POrt, .with. the hfor-ma;tion,-on-which- t!) -ba,se.- tl-)a.
                      l"ep-1-)'-tcr:-t\le~qriginator-..• >'_ '. / •r     ,-/., r ,'  '    ~- •. _,' ,· ·· •',/ I, . .-.:
                      ( ,             _(,·--(~/             /1.-'"             ()-~·               ·l.. ,   '


                                                       ACTION BY THE DU1~Y OP_E:F.'.A,IIONS O_fFICEfS
                                                            !I   •
                      5. · Dur!~.?r_maLForkil}g Hours. Ref~r telephone calls repol'ting
                      UFOs to S4f~Air-), Ext 7035/~. No ·:;.ction is requi!'ed on signal
                      message repbr·ts.         c;.,J) 2~- o

                      6.              Outside Norma.l WorkinilJi:2~:ll:.:?..•

                                      a.  ReQort'? Receive~:!J~Y...J'e.)eJilis:>~. Complete the pro-formfl eo t
                                      the Annex to this SOP. Dispatch it through the Registry.


                                                  (1) h:nsure f.Jv:jl, tl1e cn(~.~.;:;_:A.ge hH.s b13en GircuJtd:ed to the st.:-JJ:::
                                                  detniled nt para 3 above.

                                                  (2) CompletG p<:wa R of the pro-for·n,e, at tho Annex t,c t.l:i "'
                                                  SOP a.nd inser-t on the pr·o-fol~rn.e., t.L) .signr.J n10S.f:dr}~~ r·cicr··;·n· _
                                                  t•."l which the investigc1tion t'(~r ers. ·. Di.sp;·.,_tch it throtiqh th:·, f~·-.·-::, 1 : ·_ r· · -
...

                 INVESTIGATION OJ!' UNIDJ<lllTD'Ilm liLYIHG OBJEm~s


      l.     It bas been stated in the House of Commons and in policy
      correspondence in the Ministry of Defence that all reported
      sightings of Ul!'Os are investigated by Jlii.O.D. to detel1lline their
      cause and to assess if they constitute a military threat.          The
      present procedure ;in M.O,D. is that all sightings are channelled
      to S.4f(Air) who is responsible for all communications with the
      public on these matters.      S.4f(Air), in collaboration with the
      A.Ji'.O.R., make preliminary enquiries with Fylingdales or R.S.R.S.
      Slough, for possible satellite sightings, and with other
      organisations who may be flying aircraft OI' balloons, or o_perating
      equipment that could cause optical phenomena giving rise to the
      sightings.      In the majority of cases the sightings can be          ,
      attri bu·i;ed to these causes 13:nd no fur·ther action is required.
  2.    In the cases where no inunedia·te satisfactory explanation
  can be determined, i.e, they are truly unidentified flying objects,
  then D.S.T.I. are required by Jvl.O.D. to carry out further
  investigations.      These investigations were originally carried out
  by Tech. Intelligence (Air) but they became the responsibility of
  the Space Section in DI.55 from the beginning of May 1967.       After
  receiving UJi'O sightings from S.4f(Air) for a complete month, the
  Space Sec·tion have now had a chance to assess the ma;?;nitude of the
  task.      It is emphasised that the infoimation given in the reports
  is quite inadequate for any decision to be made from within the
  office, and if the task is to be done at all, more details must be
  obtained from those members of the public who originated the
  sightings.      This can only be done from personal in·~erviews as it
  is sure to involve the prepara-tion of sketches, geographic bearings,
  distances, heights, movements and further statements.       Armed with
  this lmowledge the investigating officer would then be obliged to
  assess the facilities in the local area, such as air bases,
  uni ve1·si ty experimental areas and factories, and consider the
  prevailing meteorological conditions at the time for conditions
  which could possibly have given rise to the phenomena.       Finally,
  the investigating officer would be required to make his decisions
  and write a report on the results of his investigations.       It is
  suggested, therefore, that Ll' the investigation is to be carried
  out in accord with the official policy statements on the subject,
  2-3 man days will be required for each investigation. A total of
  nine Ul!'O sightings requiring furUwr inves-Gir,ation by DSTI were
  received during May 1967.
  3.    From the above, i t is apparent that investigations into UFOs
  cannot be regarded as a part-time or· secondary task, and that it
  is completely beyond inclusion in the work schedule of the already
\ overworked and undermanned Space Section of DI. 55.    Under these
 ·circumstances it is recommended that it be recogn1sed that DSTI
  cannot undertake the investigation of u:E'Os to the standard required
  by the stated policy on the subject, or, aHernati vely, an officer
  and transport be established in DSTI specifically for this purpose.


                                              (E. HUMl'STON)
                                                 Sqdn.Ldr.
                                                 DI. 55 b,
  7th June 1967
                                                 ...-.
24 The Ortify 1'eleympfr, Fridrry,, June 1:1, 19fi'!


   -E    Around America            ::t
      AS1'RONAV1'S
      TO DO OlVN
       DENTIS1'RY
        l>A.ILY 'rEL£GitAI'H STAH
              l."'RRESI'ONI>ENTS •
     NEW YORK, Thursday.
       NDIANA.       . University's
    I  School of Dentistry · is
    developing a do"it-yourself
    kit at .the request of the Air
    Force.
     When ready, It will ena~le
   astronauts· and -others cut ori
   from civilisation to kill pain,
   fill their own teeth, and stop
   the spread of decay [or a. year.
      Dr. Ralflh Phillips, Director or
   the Air Force School of Aerospat:e
   Medicine·. said the Ail· Force was
   lpsing too many man hours because
   of ll1.olhachc .
     .. Under stress, nicrs often grind
   their teeth ·and break. the mol<~rs,"
                                                                    •
   he said~                                                         t
                                                                    ~
   "TOO MUCH SUCCESS"                                               I
    Airline to be merged ·                   I                      f.
                                                                    ••
    l~ACIFIC      AIRLINES' starlling
       ·•advertising campairm ha:;; had
   an equally st.artling result•. -" Hey.
   there. you wir.h the sweal on your
   palms," it- began and procee~led
   on the princiJJ)e that "most pNlJJie.
   arc scared witless of flying." Pas·
   sengers were gh·en a '' lucky .rab·
   bil's fool."
      It was diSdoscd tocfay I hat Mr.
   Matthew McCarthy, the president,
   has resigned, and !hat the line is
   to be mcrg~d inlo West Cn:tst Air~
   lines. The· camp;1ign "was too
   successful, it scared people away,".
   said a spokesman for the new
   cumpany.
    TV BULLFIGHTS·
    Humane society Itr<ltcsts
    {i'OUR       bullfight " kills" are
          being shown by- a l.os An~eles
    television station each Sctturday
    ni~ltt in its peak-hour sports rn·o·
    gramme.       The· .series, filmed in
   .Tijuana an.d Mexico City, pro·
   duced an 83 per _cent. favourable
    response after the first week, Mr.
    Mal Klein. the station's general
    manager, said.
       ''We are using the programmes
   on an experimental basis. Our
   community has a· strong Latin
    ht:!rirage and that heritage in·
   eludes bulllighting.'' Protests by
    the Society for Prevention
   Cmehy tn Animals and· the
                                       o(/
   American Humane Society have
   been made to the Federal Com·
   municatiOris Commission.-
   SAUCER•SIGHTERS MEET
   Visits to other plan~ts:
    S.AUCER"SIOHTEI\S   fmm this
       country and' Britain were
   arriving in New York todaY to
   attend a weekend conference. om~
   dally,· it is- tl;le 41967 Congress of
   Scientific Ufolo&ists, commemora~
   ting the first'. recorded 'to Dying
   saucer" sighting 20 years, ;("o\\•~;;h:
   Mt. Rainer in the Stale ~
   ington.:.-.:·_. · ·:,
      The


                                                 I


                                                         'i·"
                                                                •       •.
                                           •

       ..

            I:             J.       fl .
            ....


: .,


                   "   '
            r- 1'>-. n
            i .


            .I              1· (",_


                                •
II,·       -   >           \....VIWii~·~1'J.:.L.P..u             ._ • ,,.,.._                            .          <:
 I
                                                                                                             ~ '1.- v

                                 c,"·e~~t.. Si;CRET
                                                  '   -.   .,'
                                                                                    Air Crlre ( Int )/ 2.111

                                    · .. •
                                      ~·
                                             --
                           UNIDFJ1TIFIED l<'LYlliG OBJ.ECTS

                   Reference :   DSTI/126/6 dated 19th June1967

       1.  Having exrunined the attached minute from DSTI, I have the following
       comments to make.

       2.   I agree with DS'l'I that, if UFO are to be investi11aterl in any depth,
       the task would be formidable and entirel,y outside the scope of curl'ent
       resources.   In the United States, to allay public concern, the Department
       of Defence has been forced to delegate detailed investigation to Universities
       on a substantial research contract •     In our case, we have tailored our
       efforts to meet the minimum requirement of protecti!lt! UK airspace from any
       incursions which mit;ht pose a threat or a hazard.

       3.   Since investigations began no positive evidence has come to light which
       would indicate. activity other than that associated with known phenomena.
       Most reported sightings in recent years have been traced to satellites in
       orbit, space debris, or meteorological sources.     In no case has a report
       been received which would indicate a real or potential hazard to UK air apace.
       Prima facie as this is a problem connected with the integrity of OUl' air space,
       it is arguable that the Air staff should have full responsibilit-J for it.
       However, because of the high percentage of UFO reports which have space or
       scientific connotation it is inevitable that DSTI staff will be consulted
       and become involved in the major part of any investigation.     There. is no one
       else capable of doing this.    'rhey should therefore continue to hold responsib-
       ility for advising S.4(Air) and other sections of the Air Staff as a direct
       extension of the work done on a single service basis by the former DDI(Tech).
       In fact I can think of no better place in which to undertake· this work than
       DI 55 with its breadth of scientific and teclmical knowledge in space study.
       In the future they will be helped in this task by the presentation of detail
       of space, missile and aircraft events in the STCIC.

       4.   In ~ view the case for deeper investigation into UFOs to meet public
       and House of Commons demands has been overstated. Our questioners have
       appeared satisfied with the service given over ten years and I believe it
       would be illogical to give higher priority or devote more effort than we do
       now to such a nebulous subject.

       5.    I therefore recommend that DI 55 should retain responsibility for UFOs
       and attach a minute to DSTI for your consideration.    I also attach a
       Dail,y Telegraph cutting of 23rd June which epitomises the medium in which we
       are dealing.


                                                                                          •


       27th June 1967
                                                                         lb.~~
                                                                         ommodore (Intelligence)
•         . ....-.


          D,G,I.
                           .


                                        Unidentified Flying Objects
                The old Air Ministry had a responsibility for
           reportin~ on Unidentified Flying Objects.   This wa
           delegated through ACAS(I) to DDI(Tech.), and we hav
           i~~erited this responsibility, which we have merged
           into the space section of DI 55.
    I      2.   I am attaching minutes by Mr. Hunter and
           Squadron Leader Htun:pston setting out the position 1.
           more detail.
           3.   I agree with Mr. Hunter that we cannot afford -
           devote much effort to pursuing these matters, _but I
           reel that I ought to bring this to your attention,
           because it is a subject that is always liable to
           involve newspaper sensationalism or parliamentary
           q_uestio.'ls.
           4.   We have the choice of divesting ourselves of' ar
           responsibility in the matter or accepting_ the ris.l{
           that we shall on some occasion be found wantin;r.

                                                                          ~
                                                                            D.S.T,I.
           19th June, 1967.

                  D~FENCt
        iNTE~. L:l}~j··iCf: 5T.li.FF
            ? 'i :; i
            ..::.. ,; ....... ·~·'.
                                    . ·. .,_!
                                    .~ vc


                                                . --, _,-- _,C),
                                                v"'~ :?"
                                                                     '"'-E- ""lf'·
                                                                  .-.. 4., --· ·._fi;
                                                            ,~---._M
                                                     . ,.........                .~ ...
                                                                         . ~r·
                                                             --.   ;•-
•       "
            .J_
             ..t ) ·.
             '(
                                             \:t i I tV:.. l
                                             otlbiL. 1
                                              , , .·.., '.:'   Reference ............................   i;.i:-?
                        MR. A. POTTS,
                        DSTI.


                                            U. F. O.'s


                             I :recently discussed with you the problem
                        which U.F.O.'s present and you enC.orsed the
                        provisional ruling I had made in DI. 55 that they
                        were to receive the lowest priority of all the
                        cuxTent tasks of the Space Section.
                        2.     I nov;· enclose a note by the DI. 55 Space
                        'ileapons Systems Office:::· (S/Ldr. E.A.F.. EUM:FS'j~OH)
                        '•7hich sets out in greater detail the handling by
                        the 1iinistry o.f Iie.fence of U.F.O. sightings.
                        3.   When vve are so sho:::·t of ste.:ff for tasks of
                        much higher ].:j!'iO:r'i ty, it is clear that Vie cannot
                        contemplate a s:;ecia.l appointment for the
                        investigation of U.F.O. 's and we must ther:·e:·ore
                        always fall short of v:h2t is requireC. to implement
                        the stated cfi"icial policy.


                        13th June 1967


    CODE 18·76
-
    •                                           .·.   ~·


           -
        D5T!


        2.   ~!la J?:'L'Ue raazo.'l ~or under..aking U?O i.nvcstiga:t:l.otl n,-;; ;:(Ll
        is to ~ro~"Oct t.b.a integrit:; o.t LX Qirspaoe.      Sines
        i_!i~>!!S·tiga7io~ ~"'~ w-ar -;~u y~;;:s agv !l\.1 p,olli '!.;ivi! ta"":Jidence
        haa co!lie to llsh-t wm.c;i~ wo::.1~;1 i;;dic.at.a;; aotl.v:tty other t!!Si-,
        tha-t M!loeiaterl w1 th known p..~er~ame::s.                 In no ease taa-; 1: am.
        a~r"~ 0"£ hM a r~pwt bilen :t"aC5i:7cd hticb. ~"Uld s-tlppc.r-t a re~
        or J;>ota:rtia:!. tm7<'.,.d to ITii: a:irs'pace.         It" ;t'QJ..:.uwe tnat t.hsre
        is no Ct!.:lle tor gi.v!.ng ~ai:'-tr ezpl::ul.ais to 1011e subject; than in
        thg p~.          1Ur'!lh.err:.rore, tha~a .is r~ Z'~ggszrtion t.hat o~
        CUS'tO.!Z'~rs ei tf~:" s~""""T.ic:=, f'£:' I:JLotblle, a...-a d.issa·tiaf"ii.id 1tith
        tn~ ras:r in whicb. t..'l.ai.r qruurtionG hm'G been invasti~ted.

        34      -J:.ha 3iiSO:t"PtiOa of th-e !.!Fa "task by DI 55 !ro::t. tile to~er-
        liD! 'l!sc-'4 i:= a l;cgica:L ou.tcoma rr ~htt 1Diiegrat:l.on ot star!
        ~it:'.r.i.~ ymu' d.ire-e'tolate.   Inavita.b~ inteJ1i_genoe- has the
        ~jor rol~ t~ ~ in ~~&$6 itiv~st~ti~n~ and, because ot
        -t1::e SJt·aoe ar ac1en~ifi.o e~lan_atitl!33 gi~;J il"o most ~'70 rapQ.r~m'i
        ~!li~ ~ark ti·t.s 1-nto the general a...-eas of invootig.at!on
        aond~cted i~1 tbair pl"1 m.-~my 'tasks b;r D! 55~         Once ti:e STO!O is
        a g-Ging aon~e...--n th~a  m:  55 role in thiz i.'idd ahotU.d be made
        co:rmid<:~r~bly aa>ilier u a ;I!a.'%'Uoular reDc...'""t en iiio   uro
                                                                          will be
        capable C1t :L~diate ~oas-raf~tiee to opaee acti:vit;y at
        tho    ti..ma.,.


                                            COl'f?IDEifJ:!AL
                                        . -~-
•
                                                                                            Page l of l


    DAS4A(SEC)
    From :       DAS4A(SEC)
    Sent:        05 January 2001 10:17
    To:          OMD14
    Subject:     LOOSE MINUTE
    Importance: High

     note from your o ut of office message t1·1at you are away until 8 Jan. I arn away on 8/9 Jan


U   b ut w o uld like to be able to reply to Dr Clarke (see rny minute 12 Dec attac11ed) on my return
    f possible as t1e has written again, in good humo ur but clearly anxious for a respo nse/

    Witl1 thanks -


05/01/0 l
.


                      Room 8243, Main Building, Whitehall, London, SW1A 2HB
                                                                  Telephone      (Direct dial)
                                                                                 (Switchboard)
                                                                                 (Fax)


    Dr D W Clarke                                                    Your Reference

                                                                    Our Reference
                                                                     DIDAS(Sec)6413/1
                                                                     Dale
                                                                     5 January 2001


    Dear Dr Clarke,

    Thank you for your letter of2 January enquiring about progress photocopying the material you
    requested.

    The task was finished on 21 December, the material reached this building between Christmas and
    New Year and is now being packed for posting to you. I am not sure how many days it may take
    to reach you and so, although I shall have a copy of this letter placed in the parcel, I am also
    sending a separate copy to keep you informed.

    You will receive the contents of:

           AIR 2/ 18564 (PRO reference)

           AIR 2/18873 (PRO reference)

           AF/584 (MOD reference)

           AF/3459/75 (MOD reference)

    A number of'UFO' related documents on files DEFE 3119 and DEFE 44/1 have also been
    photocopied and accompany the material listed above.

    The work has taken 16 hours and 15 minutes to complete and, as indicated in my letter of 6
    October, the first 4 are free of charge. The remaining 12 hours and 15 minutes, at £15.00 an hour,
    result in a cost of£ 183.75. I would be grateful if you would let me have your crossed cheque,
    made payable to ,Accounting Officer MOD", once all the material has reached you.

    I apologise for the fact that I am still not able to reply to your request concerning the "additional
    policy files 1968-81 ". If, by the middle of next week a response early in January seems unlikely I
    shall let you know.

    Finally, in your letter of 10 October, you asked about the possibility of a further search within
    MOD files for DSIIJTIC Report Number 7. Unfortunately, there are not the resources to
    undertake a full search of files stored in the MOD archives, which seems to be what you have in
    mind. However, Records staff have, in recent years, seen many files in the course of an
•


    •   accelerated review of records closed for more than 30 years and reviewed DIS material more than
        20 years old. As even this extensive work, along with more recent searches, has failed to locate
        Report Number 7 the opinion, that it has not survived the passage of time, appears very
        reasonable. Perhaps your other lines of inquiry have been more successful.


        Yours sincerely,
•


                                                                                  Dr David Clarke


..
                                                            ···..
                                                            •   .. . . .4


                                                        I         . ···-···<: .


    Ministry of Defence
    Room 8240
    Main Building
    Whitehall
    London SWlA 2HB


    You may recall our exchange of correspondence in October last year with regards to my
    request for access to certain MOD documents related to 'UFO' phenomena under the
    Code of Practice on Access to Government Information.

    In your most recent comm:.mi<;a!-ic:tl, dated 6 October 2000, you listed the material which
    you said "could be made available to you during December 2000."

    I responded on October 10 (copy enclosed), when I confirmed I was willing to meet the
    appropriate charges and asked if you could proceed with this arrangement.

    I perfectly understand your staff will have been extremely busy checking material which
    will have been released at the PRO in the New Year. However, having not heard from
    you since that date, I wonder if you could let me know if my request has been progressed,
    and when the material you listed is likely to be available.

    Many thanks for your help and I look forward to hearing from you,
                                                                  Dr David Clarke


    Ministry of Defence
    Room8l40
    Main Building
    Whitehall
    London SWIA lHB                                               10 October 2000

    Your ref: DAS(Sec)/64/3


    Dear

    Many thanks for your letters of 29 September and 6 October in response to my request
    for access for MOD documents under the Code of Practice on Access to Government
    Information. Firstly, I wish to thank you and your staff for the help you have provided
    and the efficient and detailed attention which my enquiries have received.

    Secondly, thank you for listing the contents of the documents you have located, and for
    explaining both the 'sanitisation' procedure and the details of the charging regime for ·
    copies which I feel is very reasonable. On that basis I want to confirm that I wish to
    proceed with this enquiry in tenns of the documents requested, listed as nos. 1 and 3-6 in
    your letter of 6 October, and that I am willing to meet the appropriate charge specified.
0   With reference to the question concerning the contents of the Meteorological Office file,
    BJ 51311 (no. 2 in your list); after taking into consideration the fact that an 'un-sanitised'
    version of this document will be available at the Public Record Office from I January
    2001, I feel it would be an unecessary waste of your staff resources to request a copy of
    this document from the MOD at this late stage. Therefore I do not wish to proceed with
    this particular part of my request.

    With refto no. 5 in your list ' additional policy files 196S.81' I am grateful that you have
    been able to identify a number of files relating to this enquiry, and I wish to proceed with
    my request for access to these documents. I realise there will probably be a large number
    of documents which fall within this category. It might therefore help if you could provide
    me with a brief summary of the number of files and pages, estimated cost of copying and
    the years and subjects they relate to, when your research is completed.
•   Finally, with regards to my request fqr access to DSI/JTIC Report No 7 on UFOs
    (1952). It is disappointing that this document has not been located during your review of
    closed files. The attachment I enclosed with my letter of September 4 clearly
    demonstrated this document existed in 1967 when it was referred to by an officer of the
    DSTI branch, 0155. It seems improbable that such an important document (the basis of a
    briefing by the Secretary of State for Air to Prime Minister Winston Churchill in 1952)
    would have been lost or 'not have survived the passage of time' when other material of
    lesser interest has survived and is available in the Public Record Office today.

    From the DSI/JTIC committee minutes available at the PRO it is stated that a 'watered
    down' copy of the Report No. 7 was being considered for release to the Press during
    October 1952 by DDI (Security), so it is possible copies may have been sent to a number
    of different MOD departments. As it is also noted that the Americans (presumably the US
    Air Force) would have to be consulted before any Press release, copies of Report No 7
    may also have been sent to the US Embassy in 1952-53. In addition, there is a note in the
u   minutes stating that copy of this report had been sent to Sir Henry Tizatd, whose papers
    are preserved at the Imperial War Museum. I intend to visit the Museum to research
    Tizard's papers in the near future, and will notify you ifl find the document among these
    papers.

    In the meantime, I would appreciate any information or advice you could supply as to the
    options which remain open to me in terms of requesting a further, comprehensive search
    of Defence Records to locate this historically important Intelligence report.

    I look forward to hearing from you again before the end of the year as and when the first
    part of this request is processed.


    Yours Sincerely,


0

    Dr. D.W.Clarke
.l>AS . +~ {SQc)
Mtf\1\~TRY OF ·O~f~NCE.
f2ooM 824-6
MAIN SUfLOIN<O
(A)HtT£~ALL
'L.ONDot\J. . 5Wifi Z.H$
 Loose Minute


 D lnfo(Exp)R/3/7/8


 21 December 2000

   DAS4a(Sec)


  OMD14


  REQUEST FOR ACCESS TO UFO FILES- Dr CLARKE


  Reference: A. D INFO(EXP)R/3/7 /8 dated 16 November 2000

  1. Further to Reference A you will be relieved to note that the photocopying of the
  papers is now complete. I forward six folders, each representing the relevant files
  identified by Dr Clarke.


  2. I previously estimated that the exercise would take 14.9 hours and cost Dr Clarke
   £163.50. In the event it took 16 hours 15 minutes to complete with a final cost of
   £183.75. The time taken on individual files was:


         DSI/JTIC Report N07 and related intelligence reports on "UFOs" 1951-1952 -
         two folders representing pages from DEFE 31 /19 & DEFE 44/1 -time taken not
         quantified.


 , / AIR 2/18564- 3 hours 30 minutes.        (_ (l,'F /C.K (2-.Cf)   {72)
....-·   AF /3459/75 - 3 hours 10 minutes.


         AIR 2/18873 & AF /584- two folders 5 hours 35 minutes and 4 hours
         respectively.
 DAS4A(SEC)

 From:                       OMD14
-ent:                        21 December 2000 14:23
.,b:                         DAS4A(SEC)
 Subject:                    Out of Office AutoReply: DR CLARKE EXERCISE


 I'm away on leave until 8th January. If you have an urgent enquiry please contact
 Chots at OMD/AD(E+MG).                                                              L _ __   _   ___,


                                                          1
                 Loose Minute

                 D lnfo(Exp)R/3/7/8

                 21 December 2000

                  DAS4a(Sec)

                 OMD14


                 REQUEST FOR ACCESS TO UFO FILES - Dr CLARKE

                 Reference: A. D INFO(EXP)R/ 3/ 7/ 8 dated 16 November 2000


                 1. Further to Reference A you will be relieved to note that the photocopying of the
                 papers is now complete. I forward six folders, each representing the relevant files
                 identified by Dr Clarke.


                 2. I previously estimated that the exercise would take 14.9 hours and cost Dr Clarke
          "'1"   £163.50. In the event it took 16 hours 1 5 minutes to complete with a final cost of
                 £183.75. The time taken on individual files was:


                        DSI/JTIC Report N07 and related intelligence reports on "UFOs" 1 951-1952 -
                        two folders representing pages from DEFE 31/19 & DEFE 44/1 -time taken not
                        quantified.


                        AIR 2/18564- 3 hours 30 minutes.


                        AF/3459/75- 3 hours 10 minutes.

                        AIR 2/18873 & AF/584- two folders 5 hours 35 minutes and 4 hours
                        respectively.


'f.   lb~ lfiM: [24-\.1{
      •
Mcwr ~ <JIU.&

o.v Jts ""-' "-~.
                 I• (     l\   l
                               1\c:w.f :
                                           0
                                           ~ lt !.(.[
                                                                             -D lnfo(Exp)R 1
                                                                              GSY1 .01 -
r

                                      I UN Cf~SSfiZ IED I


                From:

                     :g OF DEFENCE
                :g;MINISTRY
                          @Did War Office Building, Whitehall, London. SWIA 2EU
                 rrectal:
                Switch Board: ~            ..
                                                                  Your Reference:
    Ministry of Defence,                                          D/DAS(Sec)/64/3-12th Dec 00
    DAS4a(Sec),                                                   Our Reference:
    Room 8243 Main Building,                                      D/DI551108/15
    Horseguards A venue,                                          Date:
    .London.                                                      15 Dec 2000


    Dr CLARKE's REQUEST FOR ACCESS TO FILES ON UFOs

    At your reference above you have asked whether papers up to 1981 on Part 4 of file DI55/108/15
    can be released to the PRO. This file was opened on 9th December 1971 and closed on the 11
    December 1996 with retention recommended for 10 years.

    It is not MoD Policy to spilt or disturb closed files, doing so would be likely to create future
    concerns and suspicion when these files are released to PRO.

    You also asked for our view on whether MoD should reveal that file part 3 of file D/DI55/40/9/1
    has been destroyed. DI55 sees no reason not to be open about the destruction of this file in 1984
    but we do not have any information relating to its destruction. You should be aware that DIST
    wrote to Hd Sec (AS) on the 4th December 2000 terminating any further involvement of DI55 in
    UAP reporting on the grounds that it is not a formal task and that, in 30 years, no evidence has been
    found of relevance to DIS interests.


    Copy to:

    HdDIS(Sy)
    AD/DI55
    OMD14
,


                MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                ~ld War Office Building, Whitehall, London. SW lA 2EU
                Direct Dial:    ---
                Switch Board:   ~


                                                                  Your Reference;
     Ministry of Defence,                                         D/DAS(Sec)/64/3-121h Dec 00
    DAS4a(Sec),                                                   Our Reference:
    Room 8243 Main Building,                                      D/DI55/108/15
    Horseguards A venue,                                          Date:
    .London.                                                      15 Dec 2000


    Dr CLARKE's REQUEST FOR ACCESS TO FILES ON UFOs

    At your reference above you have asked whether papers up to 1981 on Part 4 of file DI55/108/15
    can be released to the PRO. This file was opened on 9th December 1971 and closed on the 11
    December 1996 with retention recommended for 10 years.

    It is not MoD Policy to spilt or disturb closed files, doing so would be likely to create future
    concerns and suspicion when these files are released to PRO.

    You also asked for our view on whether MoD should reveal that file part 3 of file D/DI55/40/9/l
    has been destroyed. 0155 sees no reason not to be open about the destruction of this file in 1984
    but we do not have any information relating to its destruction. You should be aware that DIST
    wrote to Hd Sec (AS) on the 4th December 2000 terminating any further involvement of 0155 in
    UAP reporting on the grounds that it is not a formal task and that, in 30 years, no evidence has been
    found of relevance to DIS interests.


    Copy to:
                                                                     · ~ ·.
    HdDIS(Sy)
    AD/DI55
    OMD14


                                                                      ~~ ~CU"Ctt \ ~ol '2.. .
                                                                     \ a.ut\ 1\o V t'CI\Cltll\e,C. h f ~r,r
                                                                     Dl tr> op~ ~e.w .f.;\~(_~
                                                                     l ~ ot ':1~ b c.c.Y ~CA.) M~
                                                                     h~\Je. Vt e..w.r lv\ rJ.u... fh 'e.
                                      I UNC1te~~J:EIED I Co~+ ~Lt-t                      '
                                                                                           Page 1 of I


 DAS4A(SEC)
  From:      lnfo(Exp)-Records1
  Sent:      12 December 2000 13:49
  To:        DAS4A(SEC)
 Subject: Dr Clarke


 Photocopying of the files for Dr Clarke is progressing . I'll let you know towards the end of the
 week when we estimate completion.

 So far as payment is concerned. A cheque payable to "Acco!lntjng Officer MOP" and crossed for
 the relevant sum (again final cost in due course>.

 Records 2 at Hayes has a well established billing system and will be happy to bank the cheque.


2 lj l2j00
..   - ~


           LOOSE MINUTE


           12 December 2000


           OMD14

           copy to:
           DD Info{Exp)Rl
           DI 55

           DR CLARKE's REQUEST FOR ACCESS TO FILES ON UFOs

           Reference:
           D Info(Exp )R/3/7/8 dtd 16 November 00

           1. Following earlier correspondence from Dr Clarke calling for a wide range of information a
           refined request was provided to us on 4 September. Papers from a small number of files are now in
           the process of being sanitised and copied for him.

           2. The outstanding element of the work relates to policy files covering the years 1968-81 and, over
           the last month, we have been engaged in checking what material (originating from the Air Staff
           Secretariat) might be included in this category. Records 1 has been good enough to draw together a
           list of files on the subject ofUFOs originating from two areas within MOD (Reference) identifying
           five Secretariat files with the word "Policy" in the title. Unfortunately, despite the Secretariat's
           confident pronouncement that files on the subject had been retained since 1967, not all have
           survived. Amongst the casualties are four entitled "Policy" which, according to our records, were
           destroyed within the Secretariat in 1990 (along with a number of other files on the same subject
           containing letters from members of the public). The file held by Records I (AF/3459/75 Policy and
           Policy Statements) has already been requested by Dr Clarke and is being photocopied.

           3. Three other files are marked by Records 1 in their "Comments" column "Policy File" ;
           AF/419 BBC2 "Man Alive Programme", AF/S4f(s)/422 "UFOs Radio Oxford programme" and
           AF/S4(Air)/506 "Statistical analysis of UFOs (in response to PQs)". This highlights our dilemma;
           most Secretariat files will contain a few papers that might be termed policy. When Dr Clarke was
           asked to refine his request in August 2000 he wrote back asking for "AF/3459/75 UFOs: Policy and
           Policy Statements 1970. This file plus additional policy files 1968-1981.". It seems.to methatthe.
           ~~·~'m'e'obti~ed 'te ~t()Ok -at in ordeT to close this e;~tercise are tho!e wrttt the wmd Policy in•
           t~W..~: fl!lfb.,•,.u weuW fXlftfirm thotthis assumption iscorre(f. If that is the case, and in the
           light of the destruction 1n 1990, there are now no more Secretariat policy files from the period that
           Dr Clarke has not already viewed, or are in the process of being photocopied for him. ht~ an;:.
           r~,f.o.Df:~~-memM:mthe fact that four additional policy files eJCtsted but un.fortunateij;
           if)f?IF•~·~~~.m l99<Jt I would appreciate your advice on this point also.


           4. There are 6 DI files on the list. The first two are already in the PRO and therefore readily
           available to Dr Clarke if he wishes to view them. The third (55/40/9/1 Pt 3) is no longer available.
"·

                                        \ UN~IED\
     The final three contain more recent material almost entirely outside the period Dr Clarke has
     requested. Only Part 4 of 55/108/15 probably holds some papers from the years up to and including
     198land may fall to be considered at this time. I would be grateful ifDI 55 would contact OMD 14
     direct on this subject and would either DI or OMD let me have a form of words for the reply to Dr
     Clarke. Would you please indicate whether I should mention the destroyed Pt 3 of 55/40/9/1. As I
     must write by the end of this year I would be grateful for comments by COP 19 December.


     DAS4a(Sec)
     MB8243 -


                                        \ UN ~l£1ED\
LOOSE MINUTE

D/DAS(Sec)64/3


8 December 2000


DD Info(Exp)Rl

copy to: OMD14


DR CLARKE's REQUEST FOR ACCESS TO UFO FILES

Reference: D Info(Exp)R/3/7/8 dtd 16 Nov 00

1. Thank you for your minute at Reference in which you suggest that Dr Clarke might be asked to
pay a deposit in advance of work being undertaken on his behalf I am sorry not to have replied
sooner, unfortunately I was out of office unexpectedly and did not return until 6 December.

2. When I wrote to Dr Clarke on 6 October I mentioned two options to him. One was to copy a
larger body of information, costing approximately £330, the second option was estimated at some
£160. Dr Clarke accepted our offer to copy the smaller number of papers at around £160. As the
re-estimation recently made by you increases that latter sum by £3.50 only I do not think we can
now insist on a deposit, having made no mention of that possibility in the first place.

3. I would be grateful if you would now undertake the main task as Dr Clarke is expecting to hear
from us by the end of the year, with the photocopied papers. Who produces the invoice, perhaps
you would let me know?


DAS4a(Sec)
l\.1B8243-
    '


•       LOOSE MINUTE

        D INFO(EXP)R/3 /7/8

        6 December 2000

        D lnfo(Exp)R 1c


        Copy To:


        DAS4a(Sec)

        REQUEST FOR ACCESS TO FILES: DR CLAKE

        1. Following Dr Clarke's request for access to a number of files it has subsequently been
        agreed that photocopies from the files should be made available. In all four files, not yet
        release under the provisions of the 30-year rule are involved, plus copies of a few pages from
        two retained files.


        2. Action required:

               AIR 2/18564- file consists of approximately 77 pages of which 23 require redaction.
               In the main the redactions relate to the identification of G!C Whitworth and
               Hennessey's, their names and addresses, from correspondence, but not Whitworth's
               from newspaper clippings. Note that there are references to both in minutes and
               submissions which should also be deleted. The original file cover should also be
               photocopied.


               AF 3459/75- File consists of approximately 115 pages of which just five require
               redaction. Leave the Royal Holloway College's details in but remove the name of those
               writing to the MOD. The UFO Register, the three books at the back of the file, to be
               photocopied also. For convenience copy two page at a time rather than attempt to
               reproduce the books as they are in the original. As before the original file cover to be
               photocopied.

               AF /584- Number of pages 105 approx, number to be redacted 50. Photocopy the
               front cover of each enclosed file. Watch out for repartee's details in signals. Front file
               cover to again be photocopied.

               AIR 2/18873- Number of pages 156 approx, number of redactions 102. Photocopy
               original file cover but not the PRO cover. Do not photocopy envelopes. On a few
               occasions a divider (dummy) has been inserted ie E44/45. This should be
               photocopied. In addition, letters from "officials" (state funded) institutions are
               included - these made be release without redaction but watch out for references to
               member of the public ie Ell RSRS letter, it refers to a "Mr Best" (delete "Mr Best").
•


           Extracts from DEFE 31/19- six pages only- these are to be photocopied, no
           redactions.


           Extract from DEFE 4 T/T - one page only to be photocopied. No redactions.
    3. The photocopied pages are to be placed in new (PRO) file covers endorsed with file titles
       and references. In addition, please ensure that all protective marking are cancelled on
       photocopied documents by overstamping UNCLASSIFIED.


    4 . Finally, Dr Clarke has agreed to meet charges, which we have estimated to be in the
       region of£ 130, we therefore need to monitor very closely the time spent on this exercise.
       I suggest that you record the t ime taken to process each file separately. This will, of
       course, prove useful for similar exercises in the future.


    5. Any problems please let me know.


    ~
    DD INFO(EXP) RECOROSl
    GSY1.01. - J
    Chots: INFO(EXP)-Records 1
    Internet : defence.records 1 @gtnet.qov.uk
•   •                                     Page I of I


•       DAS4A(SEC)
        From:    lnfo(Exp)-Records1
        Sent:    06 December 2000 09:55
        To:      DAS4A(SEC)
        Subject: DR CLARKE EXERCISE

        janet

        Please see the attached.

        lain


    06/12/00
•   LOOSE MINUTE

    D INFO(EXP)R/3 /7 I 8

    6 December 2000

    D lnfo(Exp)Rl c


    Copy To:


    DAS4a(Sec)

    REQUEST FOR ACCESS TO FILES: DR CLAKE

    1. Following Dr Clarke's request for access to a number of files it has subsequently been
    agreed that photocopies from the files should be made available. In all four files, not yet
    release under the provisions of the 30-year rule are involved, plus copies of a few pages from
    two retained files.


    2. Action required:

            AIR 2/18564- file consists of approximately 77 pages of which 23 require redaction.
            In the main the redactions relate to the identification of G/C Whitworth and
            Hennessey's, their names and addresses, from correspondence, but not Whitworth's
            from newspaper clippings. Note that there are references to both in minutes and
            submissions which should also be deleted. The original file cover should also be
            photocopied.


           AF 3459/75- File consists of approximately 115 pages of which just five require
            redaction. Leave the Royal Holloway College's details in but remove the name of those
           writing to the MOD. The UFO Register, the three books at the back of the file, to be
           photocopied also. For convenience copy two page at a time rather than attempt to
           reproduce the books as they are in the original. As before the original file cover to be
            photocopied.


           AF /584- Number of pages 1 OS approx, number to be redacted SO. Photocopy the
           front cover of each enclosed file. Watch out for repartee's details in signals. Front file
           cover to again be photocopied.


           AIR 2/T 8873- Number of pages 1 56 approx, number of redactions 102. Photocopy
           original file cover but not the PRO cover. Do not photocopy envelopes. On a few
           occasions a divider (dummy) has been inserted ie E44/45. This should be
           photocopied. In addition, letters from "officials" (state funded) institutions are
           included -these made be release without redaction but watch out for references to
           member of the public ie Ell RSRS letter, it refers to a "Mr Best" (delete "Mr Best").
       Extracts from DEFE 3 I / I 9- six pages only - these are to be photocopied, no
       redactions.

      Extract from DEF£ 41/ 1- one page only to be photocopied. No redactions .
3. The photocopied pages are to be placed in new (PRO) file covers endorsed with file titles
   and references. In addition, please ensure that all protective marking are cancelled on
   photocopied documents by overstamping UNCLASSIFIED.


4. Finally, Dr Clarke has agreed to meet charges, which we have estimated to be in the
   region of £ l 30, we therefore need to monitor very closely the time spent on this exercise .
   I suggest that you record the time taken to process each file separately. This will, of
   course, prove useful for similar exercises in the future.


5. Any problems please let me know.


~
DD INFO(EXP) RECORDSl
GSY 1.01           0
Chats : INFO(EXP)-Recordsl
Internet: defence.records l @gtnet.gov.uk
,. .. ..
    --


 •         Loose Minute

           D lnfo(Exp)R/3/7 /8

           16 November 2000

           DAS4a(Sec)

           REQUEST FOR ACCESS TO UFO FILES - Dr CLARKE

           Reference: A. D/DAS(Sec)64/3 dated 12 October 2000

           1. Your minute (Reference) together with a copy of Dr Clarke's reply (1 0 October
           2000) to your earlier letter seeks to resolve a number of outstanding matters.


           A revised estimate of providing photocopies


           2. I have revisited this part of the exercise. There are some minor variations in the
           figures but overall no changes in the final total:


              DSI/JTIC Report N07 and related intelligence reports on "UFOs" 1951-1952 -
              Seven pages from DFE 31/19 & DEFE 44/1.


              AIR 2/18564- 75 pages (25 to be sanitised).


              AF/3459/75- 115 pages (5 to be sanitised).

              AIR 2/18873 & AF /584- 250 pages (150 to be sanitised).


           In alii estimate that 44 7 pages will require photocopying, of which 180 will need to
           be sanitised. On the same basis as previously advised, assuming 2 minutes per
           enclosure the exercise will take approximately 14.9 hours, the first four hours are
           free leaving 10.9 hours to be charged at £1 5 per hour, totalling £163.50.


           3. In view of the large sum involved I suggest that Dr Clarke be asked to pay a
           deposit, say £1 00, before we start work. The balance on completion. Time-scale, as
           before we will devote three hours per week to the activity making it a five week
           exercise. On receipt of the deposit(?) we will commence work.


           The identification of policy files covering the period 1968-1981


           3. I attach a list of unreleased "UFO" files (Annex A). The list was compiled from; the
           PRO catalogue, trawl through DAS(Sec), and predessoress files stored at the main
           MOD archives at Hayes and though contacts in DIS. The list does not purport to be a
           definitive listing of "UFO" files held by MOD but just those created by two branches.
r.
 •
     4. Three files originally stored at Hayes may be relevant to this exercise:

                    (1) AF /41 g BBC2 Man Alive Programme- "UFOs" (1972)

                    (2) AF /422 "UFOs" BBC Radio Oxford Programme (1973)

                    (3) AF/S4fU/506 Statistical Analysis of"UFOs" (1973)

     These three and the other records noted in the comments column "Records 1" await
     cataloguing and eventual transfer to the PRO. Should you wish to view them please
     let me know. Two DIS 5 files may also be relevant, one, appears to have been
     destroyed Dl55/40/9/l Part 3, covering the period 1968-71, the other, Part 4 covers
     the period 1 971 -96. -

     5. All other files attributed to "Records" have, following a cursory examination, the
     standard exchanges of correspondence between members of the public and the MOD
     about incidents that have been witnessed or enquiries of general interest. Files
     located at the PRO have not been examined as part of this exercise, but I note that
     all carry the standard description "UFO" reports!

     1J].iM 11fW.~cOU!d be made to locate DSI/JTIC Report No 7/Unidentified Flying
     Objects (1952)?

     6. In short there are -tthe resources to undertake a fullseardt of files stored in
     the two MOD archives.

     7. For your background information: the PRO recommends that government
     departments undertake two reviews (1) one at around the five year point, and (2)
     another, for records surviving the first review, at the 25 year point. MOD action
     varies slightly in that branches undertake a local review before archiving surviving
     files. Records subsequently surviving local and first these reviews receive a review at
     the 25-year point ie my staff are currently reviewing records dating from the mid-
     1970s. Records selected for permament preservation but that are too sensitive to
     release at the normal 30-year point may remain closed subject to the Lord
     Chancellor's of the day agreement. Record, whether open or closed, appear on the
     PRO catalogue.

     8. Open records are, of course, available to researchers at Kew. Closed records can
     be identified by their PRO references and descriptions on the PRO catalogue. With the
     advent of the open government initiate (1993) more than 700 member of the public
     have approached this office about closed records. In addition, my staff have
     undertaken an accelerated review of records closed for more than 30 years. During
     the same period my staff have been given access to the DIS store in order to review
     records more than 20 years old. <nlr actiOfls since 1993 have failed to locate the
,
    ~ifl9- ~part-ano·aswtth other records over 30 years ofd its absence from the PltO
    catalog~ ~s to only one conclusion that it has not survived the· passage of time.


                                                             D lnfo(Exp)Rl
                                                             GSYl.Ol ~
•                                                                                                            AnnexA


         FILES IDENTIFIED RELATING TO THE SUBJECT OF "UFOs" COVERING THE PERIOD 1970- 1981:
         CLARKE EXERCISE (October 2000)


         Note.
         1.   At the time of the PQ December 1998 a trawl was made through the most likely MOD Form 262Fs
              stored at Hayes for files relating to UFOs (search was in fact limited to Sec(AS) and predecessor
              branches only).


         2.   In addition, files already reviewed, catalogue and transferred to the PRO, but have yet to be released
              are identified.

        3.    Comments column record the location of the file, if known:

                  a. PRO- Public Record Office ie awaiting release at the designated date.
                   b. Records 1 = 0 Info (Exp)R 1, GSY. The files are awaiting cataloguing and eventual transfer to
                  the PRO.
                  c. Records 2 = D Info (Exp)R2, Hayes. Files are held pending transfer to 0 Info (Exp)Rl.
                  d. Defence Intelligence Staff -DIS, OWO. Records to be transferred to D Info (Exp)R 1 f 2 in due
                  course.
                  e. Sec(AS), now DAS(Sec).


                 File ref.              Date                        Title                          Comments
        Alll2(18564                  1957-71       UFO reports West Freugh                   PRO for release 2002,
                                                                                             but as the subject of Dr
                                                                                             Clarke's enquiry with
                                                                                             Records 1
        Alll2(18565                  1970-71       UFO reports                               PRO for release 2002
        Alii 2(18872                 1972-73       UFO reports                               PRO for release 2004
        )JK2118873                   1973-74       UFO reports                               PRO for release 2005,
                                                                                             but as the subject of Dr
    '                                                                                        C's enquiry with
                                                                                             Records 1.
        Alll2(18874                  1974-75       UFO reports                               PRO for release 2006
        Alii 2(18920                 1975-76       UFO reports                               PRO for release 2007
        Alll2(18921                  1976          UFO reports                               PRO for release 2007
        Alll20(12067                Jan 70         UFO reports                               PRO for release 2001
        Alll20(12297                 Feb 70        UFO reports                               PRO for release 2001
        Alll20(12298                 Mar 70        UFO reports                               PRO for release 2001
        Alll20(12299                 Apr70         UFO reports                               PRO for release 2001
        Alll20(12300                 May 70        UFO reports                               PRO for release 2001
        Alll20(12301                 jun 70        UFO reports                               PRO for release 2001
        Alii 20( 12302               jul 70        UFO reports                               PRO for release 2001
        Al1120(12303                 Aug 70        UFO reports                               PRO for release 2001
        Alll20!12304                 Sep 70        UFO reports                               PRO for release 2001
        Alll20!12305                 Oct 70        UFO reports                               PRO for release 2001
        Alll20/12306                 Nov 70        UFO reports                               PRO for release 2001
        Alll20(12399                 1971-72       UFO reports                               PRO for release 2003
        Alll20/12400                Jan 71         UFO reports                               PRO for release 2003
        Alll20/12401                 Feb 72        UFO reports                               PRO for release 2003
        Alll20/12402                 Mar 72        UFO reports                               PRO for release 2003
        Alll20(12403                 Apr 72        UFO reports                               PRO for release 2003
        Alll20(12404                 May 72        UFO reports                               PRO for release 2003
•   AIR 20/12405
    AIR 20/12406
                       jun 72
                       jul 72
                                 UFO renorts
                                 UFO reoorts
                                                                        PRO for release 2003
                                                                        PRO for release 2003
    AIR 20/12407       Aua 72    UFO reoorts                            PRO for release 2003
    AIR 2M 2408        Sep 72    UFO reports                            PRO for release 2003
    AIR 20/12409       Oct 72    UFO reports                            PRO for release 2003
    AIR 20/12410       Nov 72    UFO renorts                            PRO for release 2003
    AIR 20/12411       Dec72     UFO reoorts                            PRO for release 2003
    AIR 20/12544       jan 73    UFO reoorts                            PRO for release 2004
    AIR 20/12545       Feb 73    UFO reoorts                            PRO for release 2004
    AIR 20/12546       Mar 73    UFO renorts                            PRO for release 2004
    AIR 20/12547       Aor 73    UFO reoorts                            PRO for release 2004
    AIR 20/12548       Mav 73    UFO renorts                            PRO for release 2004
    AIR 20/12549       jun 73    UFO reoorts                            PRO for release 2004
    AIR 20/12550       lui 73    UFO reoorts                            PRO for release 2004
    AIR 20/12551       Aua 73    UFO reoorts                            PRO for release 2004
    AIR 20/12552       Sea 73    UFO rePorts                            PRO for release 2004
    AIR 20/12553       Oct 73    UFO reports                            PRO for release 2004
    AIR 20112554       Nov 73    UFO renorts                            PRO for release 2004
    AIR 20/12555       Dec 73    UFO renorts                            PRO for release 2004
    JU 5/311           1968 70   UFO: Met asnects                       PRO for release 2001
    AF /419            Dec 71    BBC 2 Man Alive programme              "POLICY FILE"                             tZ..\1"' ,kd
                                                                        Records 1                    t:-
                                                                                                    ~
    AF/S4f(a)/422      Dec 72    UFOs Radio Oxford nronramme            ;:p6ucv FILE!" Records 1                  Se.~e,

    AF /447 Pt I       Aug 75-   Edited Reports                         Records 1                                         It-
                       jun 76
                                                                    (   Edited very badly. Some
                                                                        are duplicated in files
                                                                        marked thus * (below)              .. I
    AF /S4f(Air)/506   1967-73   Statistical analysis of UFOs (in       "POLICY FILE!" Records-~ [.,.-;'
                                                                                                    4:::-
    AF/584
    AF 1585
    AF/586
                       jan 74
                       Feb 74
                       Mar 74
                                 resnonse to PQs)
                                 Renorts
                                 Reoorts
                                 Reoorts
                                                                    "   Records 1
                                                                        Records 1
                                                                        Records 1
                                                                                           --~


    AF 1587            Anr 94    Reoorts                                Records 1
    AF /588            Mav 74    Reoorts                                Records 1
    AF/589             jun 74    Reoorts                                Records 1
    AF/590             jul 74    Reoorts                                Records 1
    AFI591             Aua 74    Reoorts                                Records 1
    AF/592             Seo 74    Reoorts                                Records 1
    AF/593             Oct 74    Reoorts                                Records 1
    AF /594            Nov 74    Reoorts                                Records 1
    AF /595            Dec 74    Reoorts                                Records 1
    AF /596            jan 75    Reoorts                                Records 1
    AF /587            Feb 75    Reoorts                                Records 1
    AF/598             Mar 75    Reoorts                                Records 1
    AF /599            Anr 75    Renorts                                Records 1
    AF /560            May75     Reports                                Records 1
    AF 1561            jun 75    Reoorts                                Records 1
    AF /562            jul 75    Reoorts                                Records 1
    AF/607             Dec 75    Reoorts                                Records 1 *
    AF /608            jan 76    Reoorts                                Records 1 *
    AF /610            Mar 76    Reoorts                                Records 1 *
    AF /611            Aor 76    Reoorts                                Records 1 *
    AF /612            Mav 76    Reoorts                                Records 1 *
    AF /613            jun 76    Reoorts                                Records 1 *
•             AF /616
              AF /617
                                   Sep 76
                                   Oct 76
                                            Reports
                                            Reoorts
                                                                              Records 1
                                                                              Records 1
              AF /618              Nov 76   Reoorts                           Records 1
              AF /619              Dec 76   Reports                           Records 1


                                                                                               -
              AF/3459/75           1970     Policy and policy statements      "POLICY FILE"
                                                                              Records 1        ?-.\q-
              D/058/25/3           1978     Parliamentary correspondence      Records 2
                                                                                               o..l ......... .tj
              D/058/75 /2/1 PtA    1977     UFO reports, correspondence       Records 2
              D/058/75/2/l Pt B    1977     UFO reports corresoondence        Records 2            "'Yes ._..A..
              D/058/75/2/1 Pt C    1978     UFO reoorts, corresoondence       Records 2
              D/058/75/2/1 Pt F    1979     UFO reports, correspondence       Records 2
              D/058/75/2/1 Pt G    1980     UFO reports, correspondence       Records 2
              D/DS8/75/2fl Pt H    1980     UFO reports, correspondence       Records 2
              D/058/75 /2/2 PtA    1977     UFO reports (edited copies)       Records 2
              D/058/75/2/2 Pt B    1977     UFO reports (edited copies)       Records 2
              0/058/75/2/2 Pt C    1977     UFO reoorts (edited cooies)       Records 2
              D/058/75/2/2 Pt D    1977     UFO reports (edited copies)       Records 2
              D/058/75/2/2 PtE     1978     UFO reports (edited copies)       Records 2
              D/058/751212 Pt F    1978     UFO reports (edited copies)       Records 2
              DID5817512/2 Pt G    1979     UFO reports (edited copies)       Records 2
              DID58/7512/2 Pt H    1979     UFO reports (edited copies)       Records 2
              DID581751212 Ptj     1979     UFO reports (edited copies)       Records 2
              DIDS81751212 Pt K    1979     UFO reports Iedited cooies\       Records 2
              D/0581751212 Pt L    1980     UFO reoorts (edited cooies)       Records 2
              DIDS81751212 Pt M    1980     UFO reoorts (edited cooies)       Records 2
              DIDS751213 Pt D      1978     UFO reoorts                       Records 2
              D/057512/3 PtE       1978     UFO reports                       Sec(ASl ~ 8/00
              0/0575/2/3 Pt F      1978     UFO reports                       SecCAS\ ~ 8/00
              0105751213 Pt G      1978     UFO reoorts                       Records 2
              0105751213 Pt H      1978     UFO recorts                       Records 2
              DIDS75/213 PtJ       1978     UFO reoorts                       Records 2
              010575/2/4 PtA       1979     UFO rePorts                       Records 2
              DID5751214 Pt B      1979     UFO rePorts                       Records 2
              DIDS751214 Pt D      1979     UFO reoorts                       Records 2
              DID581751215 PtA     1980     UFO reoorts                       Records 2
              D/058/75/2/5 Pt B    1980     UFO rePorts                       Records 2
              0/058/7516 PtA·      1979     TV discussion                     Records 2
              0/05817517 PtA       1979     Satellite debris                  Records 2
              DIDS8fl01209 PtA     1981     General briefs and reports, UFO   Records 2
                                            corresoondence
              OIDS8/101209 Pt B    1981     General briefs and reports,       Records 2
                                            correspondence
              D/DSS/101209 Pt C    1982     General briefs and reports,       Records 2
                                            correspondence
              DIDS8fl 01209 Pt D   1982     General briefs and reports,       NIT Hayes
                                            correspondence
              DIDS81101209 PtE     1983     General briefs and reports,       NIT Hayes
                                            correspondence


..   ·   '~
              DIDS8/IOI209 Pt F

              DIDS8/l 01209 Pt G
                                   1984

                                   1984
                                            General briefs and reports,
                                            correspondence
                                            General briefs and reports,
                                                                              NIT Hayes

                                                                              Records 2
                                                                                               -
         ~                                  correspondence
              DID581101209fl PtA   1983     General briefs and reports, UFO   Records 2
                                            correspondence reports
    D/DS8/10/209/1 PtB         1984      General briefs and reports, UFO         Records 2
                                         correspondence reports
    D/DS8fl 0/209/1 Pt C       1985      General briefs and reports, UFO         Records 2
                                         correspondence reports


    AF/X58/64                  1968      UFO policy & policy statements          DAS(Sec), LM 24 Aug 00
    AF/X58/64
    D/DS8/75{l PtA
    D/DS8/75{l Pt B
                               1970
                               1979
                               1979
                                         UFO policv & policy statements
                                         UFO policy & policy statements
                                         UFO policy & policy statements
                                                                                 DAS(Sec), LM 24 Auo 00
                                                                                 DAS(Sec), LM 24 Aug 00
                                                                                 DAS(Sec), LM 24 Aug 00
                                                                                                          )lb~be-
                                                                                                           -11

    FILES IDENTIFIED BY DR CLARKE (LETTER DATED 11 AUGUST 2000) THAT APPEAR TO       BE~TSIDE ~ ~l~-\~
                                                                                                   ~ •
    DESIGNATED PERIOD                                                                                          :\''   t't
                                                                                                                  ~
                               1985                             .                                                       -0
                               1996


                               1996                     Media issues             D


    UFO FILES CREATED BY DIS
    Note: Information obtained b~ D Info (Exp)R 1b, during the early phases of the CLARKE
    exercise.


    55/40/9/1 Pt 1         58- 63             UFO policy                   IN PRO DEFE 3 1 Ill 8
                           63-67              UFO policy                   IN PRO DEFE 3 1 /11 9
.. 55/40/9/1 Pt 2
   55/40/9/1 Pt 3          68- 71             UFO policy                   DESTROYED 8 Aug 84
• 55/108/15 Pt4            71 - 96            UFO policy                   DIS
"   55/108/15 Pt 5         96- 00             UFO policy                   DIS
•   55/108/15 Pt 6         2000 - date        UFO policy                   DIS
    108/15/1 Pt 1          N/K                Incident file                DIS
    108/1 5 I 1 Pt 2       N/K                Incident file                DIS
    108/15/1 Pt 3          N/K                Incident file                DIS
    108/15/1 Pt 3          N/K                Incident file                DIS
    108/15/1 Pt4           N/K                Incident file                DIS
    108/15/1 Pt 5          N/K                Incident file                DIS
    108/15/1 Pt6           N/K                Incident file                DIS
    108/15/1 Pt 7          N/ K               Incident file                DIS
    108/15/1 Pt 8          N/K                Incident file                DIS
    108/15/1 Pt 9          N/K                Incident file                DIS
    108/15/1 Pt 10         N/K                Incident file                DESTROYED DATE N /K
    108/15/1 Pt 11         N/K                Incident file                DESTROYED DATE N/K
    108/15/1 Pt 12         N/K                Incident file                DESTROYED DATE N/K
    108/15/l Pt 13         N/K                Incident file                DESTROYED DATE N/K
    108/15/1 Pt 14         N/K                Incident file                DESTROYED DATE N/K
    108/15/1 Pt 15         N/K                lnciderH file                DESTROYED DATE N/K
    108/15/1 Pt 16         N/K                Incident file                DESTROYED DATE N/K
    108/15/1 Pt 17         N/K                Incident file                DESTROYED DATE N/K
    108/15/l Pt 18         N/K                Incident file                DESTROYED DATE N/K
    108/15/1 Pt19          N/K                Incident file                DESTROYED DATE N/K
    108/15/1 Pt 20         N/K                Incident file                DESTROYED DATE N/K
    108/15!1 Pt 21         1977               Incident file                Records 1
    108/15/1 Pt 22         1977               Incident fil e               Records 1
    108!15/1 Pt 23         1977               Incid ent fil e              Records 1
                                                                                                            1      . .
                                                                                                          :l• S()tiJ'\If~

                                                                                                          6\~ l)A$
..

•
     "


         108/15/1 Pt24     1977              Incident file     Records 1
         108/15/1 Pt25     1977              Incident file     Records 1
         108/15/1 Pt26     N/K               Incident file     DESTROYED DATE N/K
         108/15/1 Pt27     N/K               Incident file     DESTROYED DATE N/K
         108/15/1 Pt 28    N/K               Incident file     DESTROYED DATE N /K
         108/15/1 Pt29     N/K               Incident file     DESTROYED DATE N /K
         108/15/1 Pt30     N/K               Incident file     DESTROYED DATE N /K
         108/15/1 Pt31     N/K               Incident file     DESTROYED DATE N /K
         108/15/1 Pt 32    Feb 78 -Jan 83    Incident file     DIS
         108/l/5 1Pt33     N/K               Incident file     DESTROYED 30 Nov 92
         108{15{1 Pt34     Jun 83 - Mar 85   Incident file     DIS
         108{15{1 Pt35     Apr 85 - Dec 86   Incident file     DIS
         108{15/1 Pt36A    Dec 86 - Nov 87   Incident file     DIS
         108/15/1 Pt 368   Nov 87- lui 88    Incident file     DIS
         108{15/l Pt37     Aug 88 - jul 89   Incident file     DIS
         108/15/1 Pt38     Jul 89 - Dec 89   Incident file     DIS
         108{15/1 Pt39     Jan 90- Jun 91    Incident file     DIS
         108/1511 Pt 40    lun 91 - lan 92   Incident file     DIS
         108/15/1 Pt41     Feb 92 - Aor 93   Incident file     DIS
         108{15/1 Pt42     Aor 93 - Oct 93   Incident file     DIS
         108/15/1 Pt43     Oct 93 -jan 94    Incident file     DIS
         108/15/l Pt44     Jan 94- May 94    Incident file     DIS
         108/15/l Pt45     Jun 94- Nov 94    Incident file     DIS
         108{15{1 Pt46     Nov 94 - May 9S   Incident file     DIS
         108/15/l Pt47     Jun 95 -Jan 96    Incident file     DIS
         108/15/l Pt48     Feb 96 - Jul 96   Incident file     DIS
         108{15{1 Pt49     Aug 96 - Oct 96   Incident file     DIS
         108{15{1 Pt 50    Nov 96 - Dec 97   Incident file     DIS
         108/15/l Pt51     Jan 97 -to date   Incident file     DIS
         I 08/15/2 Pt 1    1993              "Title unknown"   DIS


                                                               2:!. T)t ~ /fl.l .
LOOSE MINUTE


:;~tD.AS(S€<:)64I 3 f


12 October 2000


Hd of DR 1

copy to:
OMD 14


REQUEST FOR ACCESS TO 'UFO' FILES -DR CLARKE

Reference: DAS(Sec)64/ 3 dtd 6 October 00

1. Dr Clarke has replied speedily to my letter of 6 October (Reference) and I attach a
copy of his reply to this minute.

2. J\s you will sec, he is accepting the offer as expressed in my letter, excluding copying
ofBJ 5/ 311. \'Vith the reduction in the amount of material to be copied (by soine 300
pages) it would be helpful if we were able to let Dr Clarke have a revised estimate o f the
date by \vhich he might hope to receive the documentation, perhaps you would let me
know. As the task progresses we also need to be alive to the costs involved and if there
is any chance of exceeding the estimate given at Reference. I would be grateful if you
wo uld keep a close watch on that aspect and alert me if necessary. I have no idea how
the in,roicing is handled, perhaps either you or OMD 14 would advise.

3. Dr Clarkers outstanding request relates to policy ftles 1968-81 . From records kept in
this office it appears four ft.les, labelled 'UFO' policy files were almost certainly destroyed
in 1990, along with a number of other ft.les on the same subject. This is very
disappointing but there might be a possibility of drawing policy material from other ft.les.
I shall look through the list and speak with you further.
                                                                      Dr David Clarke


Ministry of Defence
Room 8240
Main Building
Whitehall
London SWIA lHB                                                       10 October 2000
                         .   ,_   . . ';'.~:: ···~: ~ ··.   ,' .-.:                              . ··-.-.'·"

Your ref: DAS(Sec)/64/3


Many thanks for your letters of 29 September and 6 October in response to my request
for access for MOD documents under the Code of Practice on Access to Govenunent
Infonnation. Firstly, I wish to thank you and your staff for the help you have provided
and the efficient and detailed attention which my enquiries havl! received.

Secondly, thank you for listing the contents of the documents you have located, and for
explaining both the 'sanitisation' procedure and the details of the charging regime for
copies which I feel is very reasonable. On that basis I want to confirm that I wish to
proceed with this enquiry in tenns of the documents requested, listed as nos. 1 and 3-6 in
your letter of 6 October, and that I am willing to meet the appropriate charge specified.

With reference to the question concerning the contents of the Meteorological Office file,
BJ 5/311 (no. 2 in your list); after taking into consideration the fact that an 'un-sanitised'
version of this document will be available at the Public Record Office from 1 January
2001, I feel it would be an unecessary waste of your staff resources to request a copy of
this document from the MOD at this late stage. Therefore I do not wish to proceed with
this particular part of my request.

With ref to no. 5 in your list 'additional policy files 1968-81' I am grateful that you have
been able to identify a number of files relating to this enquiry, and I wish to proceed with
my request for access to these documents. I realise there will probably be a large number
of documents which fall within this category. It might therefore help if you could provide
me with a brief summary of the number of files and pages, estimated cost of copying and
the years and subjects they relate to, when your research is completed.
    Finally, with regards to my request for access to DSIIJTIC Report No 7 on UFOs
    (1952). It is disappointing that this document has not been located during your review of
    closed files. The attachment I enclosed with my letter of September 4 clearly
    demonstrated this document existed in 1967 when it was referred to by an officer of the
    DSTI branch, DI55. It seems improbable that such an important document (the basis of a
    briefing by the Secretary of State for Air to Prime Minister Winston Churchill in 1952)
    would have been lost or 'not have survived the passage of time' when other material of
    lesser interest has survived and is available in the Public Record Office today.

      From the DSI/JTIC committee minutes available at the PRO it is stated that a 'watered
      do""rn' copy of the Report No. 7 was being considered for release to the Press during
      October 1952 by DDI (Security), so it is possible copies may have been sent to a number
      of different MOD departments. As it is also noted that the Americans (presumably the US
      Air Force) would have to be consulted before any Press release, copies of Report No 7
- ,. ;may also have been sent to the US Embassy -in 1952-53. In addition, there is a note in the
      mi~utes stating that~opy of this report had been sent to Sir Henry Tizard, whose papers
      are preserved at the Imperial War Museum. I intend to visit the Museum to research
      Tizard's papers in the near future, and will notify you if! find the document among these
      papers.

    In the meantime, I would appreciate any information or advice you could supply as to the
    options which remain open to me in terms of requesting a further, comprehensive search
    of Defence Records to locate this historically important Intelligence report.

    I look forward to hearing from you again before the end of the year as and when the first
    part of this request is processed.


    Dr. D.W.Ciarke
~AS4A(SEC)
 From:                   APS(1 )/U SofS(Perso na I)
 Sent:                   11 October 2000 09:25
 To:                     DAS4A(SEC)
 Subject:                UFOS

 Importance:             High


 Thanks very much for the files and the other bits and pieces on ufos. Minister is in office today
 and tomorrow and I'll try and get him to focus on this.

 I'll let you know what the outcome is as soon as I can. In the meantime, if you need the files let
 me know.

 Thanks


 Assistant Private Secretary to the
 Under Secretary of State
~ _uo Q.M.~ ~ ~·'-*.
~~At· .. );.,~.~~~~~
~~·~~~.

                    ~~~
DR2trt~c'"'"t' ~.
J~OURNE AVENUK
.HAYES
MIDDI.~ESE:% 003 Hitf     MOD Form 195 {7194)
   11-0CT-2000 10=40        FROM SECRETARIAT CAIR STAFF)                          TO                                P.01/03


e .. -·                                                                                •


                                        From:         DAS 4a(Sec)
                                          MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                                                Secretariat (Air Staff)
                                    Room 8243. Main Building~ Whitehall
                                          LONDON SWlA 2HB

                                       Telephone (Direct
                                             (Switchboard 020 7218 9000
                                                 (Fax)
                                                         = ===

                                                 FAX MESSAGE

          TO:                        "Fi1es Out"

          SUBJECT: Location of closed files
                                                                             1
                                                                             '·
           DATE: 11 Oct 00

          NUMBER OF PAGES INCLUDING THIS COVER: 3,


          LOCATION OF CLOSED FILES

          I attach a list of files, all 'UFO' volumes, that appear to have been scnr for destruction during March
          1990.

          Numbers 1-2 and 5-6 you have already searched for and confirmed that you still have 6 (D/DS817511).
          I would be grateful if you would now check your ~cords to see ifyou have any of those files up to and
          including number 17 and let me know the result of your scarclt

          Wilh thanks.
        11-0CT-2000         10 =40       FROM      SECRETARIAT CAIR STAFF)                      TO                                            P. 02/ 03
•   f

              •


                                             UPO Piles And ~beir Status
                                                                                                  XBY   D=Destroyed
                                                                                                        c-eurrent
                                                                                                        D/q:lllo~
                                                                                                                quoted
                                                                                                        hir:held in room

                  Title & Date of Last Encl                                  Number                     Part        Status
         t •.·· UFO Policy & Policy                                          AF/XSB/64
                  State~ts-22/2/68

        \~. UFo/Policy & Policy
          - Statements-31/3/70                                         AF/XSB/64
        ~ . · Pttr-l.ic:UcL.:ti&{i:iy . E:nqufi:'ie's··"· '"~"·· · · · · -,~-~··.- · .. · - -· ·- ··

                  on UFOs- Prime Minister's
                  (JJA Hennessey)-1/7/70                                     AF/1505
         *· Enquires
            Parliamentary Questions and
                     on UFO's-13/1/77                                       AF/1505
         S· UFOs- Policy Statements
                  18/1/79                                                    D/DSS/75/lA
         ' , UFOs -        Policy Statements                                 D/DSB/75/l
                  4/12/79
        ~;.       UFOs- Reports Correspondence                               D/DSB/75/2/1
                  25/8/78
          f·UFOs- Reports Correspondence                                     D/DSS/75/2/1               E   ~
             10/1/79
          q •UFOs- Reporte Correspondence
             JJA Hennessey-ll/1/78                                          D/DSS/75/2/1/1 I .)t)                   D~
         l~· UFOs-         Correspondence-12/2/82                           D/DSS/75/2/1                J   ~       .D;/
                                                                                                                                                           ~;

         t\. UFOs-         Reports Correspondence
                  M.D.Davies - 13/1/77                                      D/DSS/75/2/l/2 A ~                      ov-·
                                                                                                                                                          ·1_


         ~ tJFOs         Reports June-Oct 7 9                               D/DSB/75/2/4                c~          o· yy···
                  24/9/79                                                                                              ...
                                                                                                                      ··- ~   .
                                                                                                                              .. ,      ...

         l3·UFOs Parliamentary                                                                                                        ,..-·
                  correspondence-25/1/79                                    D/DSS/75/3                  B~          o .. /
         \~.UFOs       Parliamentary
                  Correspondence-ll/2/82                                    D/OSS/75/3                  c ::D       o ·/             ···

         I{·UFOs Parliamentary
            Correspondence- House of
            Lords Debate J~n 1979
                                                                  ~

                                                                            D/DSB/75/3/l                A~          D ;_.,/·~··
            15/l/79
         l l-OCT-2C00    10 : 40   FROM   SECRETARIAT CAIR STAFF )                            TO                                                                      P.03/03


                                                                               \\   \·                  .;,·_~ = . ~     f       •. .   '\4 '
                                                                                         '\
                                                                               I


         lb . UFOs Parliamentary
              Correspondence- House of
              Lords Debate Jan 1979                                 D/DSS/75/3/1                   B
                                                                                                                -~_c"_· . ·
                                                                                                                     r ·~,., )


              15/2/79
         11. UFOs Solar Satellite Power

~-----------
.,_
~
                             -- -
             Station-Not Quoted                                     D/DSS/75/5
  . --7 General Briefs + Reports ------------------------------------ ----------------~~.
             UFO Correspondence-30/7/81                             D/DSB/10/209
                                                                                                   n/q /                                        D ,•; ,1··' r
                                                                                                                                                          -., .....
                                                                                                                                                                              .
                                                                                                                                                                       I· '\ , -- /    ·'
                                                                                                                                                                              '.-.,_.,..._
                                                                                                                                                                                             ..,
                                                                                                                                                                                             I
                                                                                                                                                                                              1
                                                                                                                                                                                              \
                                                                                                                                                                                              ~
                                                                                                                                                                                                 ..
                                                                                                                                                                                                "- '


~    ~       General Briefs + Reports
             UFO Correspondence-30/12/81                            D/DSS/10/209


         --7'>-g~~e~~~r:~~~~~e~c~=~~~~~~ -~~D~/;_ ~- -~20~- -~, ~Aia'ft¢\ ~~otf-'/
           . General Brl.efs + Reports                             ··-- --  _       ---~ . ,
     --7' UFO Correspondence-29/10/82                                D/DSB/~0/?09 _ D                         > :. ~ <.                         ~-                                ~,

        General Briefs + Reports
     ~~UFO Correspondence-10/5/83                                   D/DSB/10/209                   E
                                                                                                                                                                               ,,
             General Briefs + Reports
    ~ UFO Correspondence-22/2/84                                    D/DSB/10/209                   F                                            ~--                               ll

     --:::s:-- General Briefs + Reports
                                     ··            ~­                                                                    Pt--r· H A ,,~ ~f__j ·\~\
     .     / ' UFO Correspondence-6/8/84~8/10/209 _\_§)
                                                                                                                                                nJ.l ';)_~~~
             General Briefs + Reports
             UFO Correspondence-24/12/84
                                                                        -.-- - __ __ -
                                                                    D/DSB/10/209     H !'·~ ~ r"
                                                                                                                             \
                                                                                                                                          ·oV
             General Briefs + Reports                                                                            ._,\·'\ \4(\'f...:? -~if<..                                            --/
             UFO Correspondence. Reports                                                                        .                               n/q ~loo""'lS
             2 3/10/t:l

             General Briefs + Reports                                                                    A-1"' ·t\ f\'t ci$ Sj K J.cc.c; .
             UFO Correspondence. Repo ts                                                                                                        njq .,-                   ~,._on
         " / No date quoted           "--...

                                                                                                                     f\'f- "'"'i~ ~~ K:
             General Briefs + Reports ~------ - - --- ---- ---
             UFO Correspondence. Report D/DSB/10/209/1                                                               /                          n/q ·/~b I 0
             No date quoted

             UFOs- Policy                                          D/DSec(AS)l2/1 A                        "                 6                                                 ',,
                                                                                                                                                                      -: " / I 'I
                                                                                                                                                                         '·.
                                                             I'
                                                                                                         ;;;;.~---
                                                                                                                                                                        ''/
             UFOs- Reports                         ~   ,--
                                                                  -- D/DSec(AS)12/2 A                                                           hir
                                                                          II
                                                                                                   B                                            hir
                                                                          II
                                                                                                   c                                            hir
                                                                          II
                                                                                                   D                                            hir

                    "                                                     II
                                                                                                   E                                            hir

                                                                          "                        p·                                           hir
                    ..                                                    1\
                                                                                                   G                                            hir

                                                                                                                                                              TOTAL P. 03
                                                                                                     52

                           From:                DAS 4a(Sec)
                             MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                                 Secretariat (Air Staff)
                         Room 8243, Main Building, Whitehall
                               LONDON SWlA 2HB

                             Telephone (Direct
                                   (Switch           020 7218 9000
                                       (Fax)

                                       FAX MESSAGE

                        -"Files Out"

SUBJECT: Location of closed files

DATE: 11 Oct 00

NUMBER OF PAGES INCLUDING THIS COVER: 3


LOCATION OF CLOSED FILES

I attach a list of files, all 'UFO' volumes, that appear to have been sent for destruction during March
1990.

Numbers 1-2 and 5-6 you have already searched for and confinned that you still have 6 (D/DS8/75/l).
I would be grateful if you would now check your records to see if you have any of those files up to and
including number 17 and let me know the result of your search.

With thanks.
                                 UFO Files And Their Status
                                                                  KEY   D=Destroyed
                                                                        C=Current
                                                                        n/q=not quoted
                                                                        hir~held in room


        Title & Date of Last Encl                     Number            Part      Status

 \.     UFO Policy & Policy                           AF/X58/64         1        D .,      c_ "'(j.,. ,.,.. oA
        Statements-22/2/68                                                                 .hJl-..o..._eo(.- N•v


                                                                                 ..
                                                                                                    \1   lo<AN.C.
'·k_· UFO Policy & Policy
        Statements-31/3/70                            AF/X58/64         2         D   v/c-..gv........,..t
~ .     P-u.L 1-~ct..utenti.iY E-~LJ.qUirie·s··~·-­
                                                                                           ~~,~~=,.v
        on UFOs- Prime Minister's
        (JJA Hennessey)-1/7/70                        AF/1505           2         D/

~.      Parliamentary Questions and
        Enquires on UFO's-13/1/77                     AF/1505           3         DV

 S. UFOs- Policy Statements
        18/1/79                                       D/DS8/75/1A       A

 ~ ,    UFOs- Policy Statements                       DjDS8/75/1        B
        4/12/79
      7. UFOs- Reports Correspondence                 DjDS8/75/2/1      D         D ~
         25/8/78
      ~.UFOs- Reports Correspondence                  D/DS8/75/2/1      E         D
        10/1/79
      ~·UFOs- Reports Correspondence
        JJA Hennessey-11/1/78                         D/DS8/75/2/1/1    X         Dv
 IU· UFOs- Correspondence-12/2/82                     D/DS8/75/2/1      J

  t\. UFOs-  Reports Correspondence
        M.D.Davies-13/1/77                            D/DSB/75/2/1/2 A

      ~ UFOs Reports June-Oct 79                      DjDS8/75/2/4      c         Dv
        24/9/79
  l3.UFOs Parliamentary
     Correspondence-25/1/79                           DjDS8/75/3        B         D

  l~·UFOs    Parliamentary
        Correspondence-11/2/82                        D/DS8/75/3        c         D

      f~·UFOs Parliamentary
        Correspondence- House of
        Lords Debate Jan 1979                         D/DS8/75/3/1      A         D ·.,~
        15/1/79
    •lb. UFOs Parliamentary
         Correspondence- House of
         Lords Debate Jan 1979              D/088/75/3/1      B     D '/
                                                                           /

         15/2/79
     11. UFOs Solar Satellite Power
           Station-Not Quoted               D/DS8/75/5        n/q   D .j'

f--- ~ ~ral
~
                   Briefs + Reports
           UFO Correspondence-30/7/81
                                      ~------------------------------------------
                                         D/DS8/10/209   A

           General Briefs + Reports
           UFO Correspondence-30/12/81      D/DS8/10/209      B

     ~General      Briefs+ Reportsd'.\
           UFO Correspondence-30/6/~        D/DS8/10/209      c
         )-'
           General Briefs + Reports
           UFO Correspondence-29/10/82
               ·-      .        ·'·· . ·-
                                       .
                                            D/DS8/10/209 ..   D

       General Briefs + Reports
    ~~UFO Correspondence-10/5/83            D/DS8/10/209      E
                                                                               ,,
      General Briefs + Reports
    ~ UFO Correspondence-22/2/84            D/DS8/10/209      F     nfet - -   I'

        ~General    Briefs + Reports
    ~UFO Correspondence-6/8/84              D/088/10/209      G

           General Briefs + Reports
           UFO Correspondence-24/12/84      D/DS8/10/209      H

           General Briefs + Reports
           UFO Correspondence. Reports      D/088/10/209/1 A        njq/
           23/10/tJ
       General Briefs + Reports
       UFO Correspondence. Reports          D/088/10/209/1 B
     ~ No date quoted

           General Briefs + Reports
           UFO Correspondence. Reports      D/DS8/10/209/1 c        njq ·/
           No date quoted

           UFOs- Policy                     D/DSec(AS)12/1 A        c
           UFOs- Reports                    D/D8ec(A8)12/2 A        hir

                "                                 "           B     hir

                "                                 "           c     hir

                "                                 "           D     hir

                "                                 "           E     hir

                "                                 "           F     hir

                "                                 "           G     hir
*************** -COMM. JOURNRL- ******************* DATE 11-DCT-2000 *****TIME 10:40 *** P.01


    MODE = MEMORY TRANSMISSION                                        START=11-0CT 10:39                 END=11-0CT 10:40


STN NO.
        FILE NO.= 098

            COM       AEER NO.           STATION NAME/TEL.NO.                PAGES       DURATION
                                                                                                                               $']
  001        OK                                                              003/ 003 00:00'52"

                                                                                -SECRETARIAT CAIR STAFF)               -

************************************ -                                     - ***** -                                       *********


                                          From:         DAS 4a(Sec)
                                            MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                                             Secretariat (Air Stafl)
                                      Room 8243, Main Building, Whitehall
                                                 LONDON SWIA2HB

                                          Telephone (Direct
                                                (S~tchbo~OO
                                                     (Fax)-

                                                   FAX MESSAGE

             TO: - - "Files Out"

            SUBJECT: Locatiou of closed files

             DATE: 11 Oct 00

            NUMBER OF PAGES INCLUDING THIS COVER: 3


            LOCATION OF CLOSED FILES

            I ;mach a list of filc.o;, all 'UFO' volumes, thar appear to have been scnr ror destruction during March
            1990.

            Numbers 1-2 and S-6 you have already searched for and confirmed that you still have 6 (DJDS8n511).
                                                                                               or
            Twould be grateful if you would now check your records lo see if you have any those files up to and
            including number 17 and lel me know the result of your search.

            With thanks.
........ .


                                                                           Dr David Clarke


             DAS 4a(Sec)
             Ministry of Defence
             Room8240
             Main Building
             Whitehall
             London SWlA 2HB                                               l 0 October 2000

             Your ref: DAS(Sec)/64/3


             De~
             Many thanks for your letters of 29 September and 6 October in response to my request
             for access for MOD documents under the Code of Practice on Access to Government
             Information. Firstly, I wish to thank you and your staff for the help you have provided
             and the efficient and detailed attention which my enquiries have received.

             Secondly, thank you for listing the contents of the documents you have located, and for
             explaining both the ' sanitisation' procedure and the details of the charging regime for
             copies which I feel is very reasonable. On that basis I want to confirm that I wish to
             proceed with this enquiry in terms of the documents requested, listed as nos. l and 3-6 in
             your letter of 6 October, and that I am willing to meet the appropriate charge specified.

             With reference to the question concerning the contents of the Meteorological Office file,
             BJ 5/311 (no. 2 in your list); after taking into consideration the fact that an 'un-sanitised'
             version of this document will be available at the Public Record Office from l January
             2001, I feel it would be an unecessary waste of your staff resources to request a copy of
             this document from the MOD at this late stage. Therefore I do not wish to proceed with
             this particular part of my request.

             With ref to no. 5 in your list 'additional policy files 1968-81' I am grateful that you have
             been able to identify a number of files relating to this enquiry, and I wish to proceed with
             my request for access to these documents. I realise there will probably be a large number
             of documents which fall within this category. It might therefore help if you could provide
             me with a brief summary of the number of files and pages, estimated cost of copying and
             the years and subjects they relate to, when your research is completed.
Finally, with regards to my request for access to DSI/JTIC Report No 7 on UFOs
(1952). It is disappointing that this document has not been located during your review of
closed files. The attachment I enclosed with my letter of September 4 clearly
demonstrated this document existed in 1967 when it was referred to by an officer of the
DSTI branch, DI55. It seems improbable that such an important document (the basis of a
briefing by the Secretary of State for Air to Prime Minister Winston Churchill in 1952)
would have been lost or 'not have survived the passage of time' when other material of
lesser interest has survived and is available in the Public Record Office today.

From the DSI/JTIC committee minutes available at the PRO it is stated that a ' watered
down' copy of the Report No. 7 was being considered for release to the Press during
October 1952 by DDI (Security), so it is possible copies may have been sent to a number
of different MOD departments. As it is also noted that the Americans (presumably the US
Air Force) would have to be consulted before any Press release, copies of Report No 7
may also have been sent to the US Embassy in 1952-53. In addition, there is a note in the
minutes stating that~opy of this report had been sent to Sir Henry Tizard, whose papers
are preserved at the Imperial War Museum. I intend to visit the Museum to research
Tizard's papers in the near future, and will notify you if I find the document among these
papers.

In the meantime, I would appreciate any information or advice you could supply as to the
options which remain open to me in terms of requesting a further, comprehensive search
of Defence Records to locate this historically important Intelligence report.

I look forward to hearing from you again before the end of the year as and when the first
part of this request is processed.


Dr. D. W.Clarke
DAS 4a(Sec)
Ministry of Defence
Room 8240
Main Building
Whitehall
London SWlA 2HB                                               10 October 2000

Your ref: DAS(Sec)/64/3


De~
Many thanks for your letters of 29 September and 6 October in response to my request
for access for MOD documents under the Code of Practice on Access to Govenunent
Information. Firstly, I wish to thank you and your staff for the help you have provided
and the efficient and detailed attention which my enquiries have received.

Secondly, thank you for listing the contents of the documents you have located, and for
explaining both the ' sanitisation' procedure and the details of the charging regime for
copies which I feel is very reasonable. On that basis I want to confirm that I wish to
proceed with this enquiry in terms of the documents requested, listed as nos. 1 and 3-6 in
your letter of 6 October, and that I am willing to meet the appropriate charge specified.

With reference to the question concerning the contents of the Meteorological Office file,
BJ 5/311 (no. 2 in your list); after taking into consideration the fact that an 'un-sanitised'
version of this document will be available at the Public Record Office from 1 January
2001 , I feel it would be an unecessary waste of your staff resources to request a copy of
this document from the MOD at this late stage. Therefore I do not wish to proceed with
this particular part of my request.

With ref to no. 5 in your list 'additional policy files 1968-81' I am grateful that you have
been able to identify a number of files relating to this enquiry, and I wish to proceed with
my request for access to these documents. I realise there will probably be a large number
of documents which fall within this category. .!!_ might therefore help if you ~uld prov~e
me with a · f s            of the number of files and a es, estimated coSf of copying and
  e years and subjects they relate to, when your research is completed.
I


     Finally, with regards to my request for access to DSI/JTIC Report No 7 on UFOs
     (1952). It is disappointing that this document has not been located during your review of
     closed files. The attachment I enclosed with my letter of September 4 clearly
     demonstrated this document existed in 1967 when it was referred to by an officer of the
     DSTI branch, 0155. It seems improbable that such an important document (the basis of a
     briefing by the Secretary of State for Air to Prime Minister Winston Churchill in 1952)
     would have been lost or 'not have survived the passage of time' · when other material of
     lesser interest has survived and is available in the Public Record Office today .

    .. From the DSIIJTIC committee minutes available at the PRO it is stated that a 'watered
       down' copy of the Report No. 7 was being considered for release to the Press during
       October 1952 by DOl (Security), so it is possible copies may have been sent to a number
       of different MOD departments. As it is also noted that the Americans (presumably the US
       Air Force) would have to be consulted before any Press release, copies of Report No 7
       may also have been sent to the US Embassy in 1952-53. In addition, there is a note in the
       minutes stating that~opy of this report had beeu sent iu Sir Henry Ti~d., whusepapet:s
       are preserved at the Imperial War Museum. I intend to visit the Museum to research
       Tizard' s papers in the near future, and will notify you if I find the document among these
       papers.


     I look forward to hearing from you again before the end of the year as and when the first
     part of this request is processed.


     Dr. D.W.Ciarke
(-   .


                                    From                DAS 4a(Sec)
                                      MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                                         Secretariat (Air Staff)
                                  Room 8243, Main Building, Whitehall
                                        LONDON SWIA 2HB

                                      Telephone (Direct
                                          (S -


                                               FAX MESSAGE

         TO:                     - "Files Out"

         SUBJECT: Location of closed files

         DATE: 9 Oct 00

         NUMBER OF PAGES INCLUDING THIS COVER: 1


         LOCATION OF CLOSED FILES


         I would be grateful if you would attempt to trace the following files:

         UFO Policy and Policy Statements- AF/X58/64 Part 1 -Opened 22.2.68

         UFO Policy and Policy Statements - AF/X58/64 Part 2 -Opened 3 1.3.70

         UFO - Policy Statements - D/DSS/75/1 Part A - Opened 18.1.79

         UFO- Policy Statements - D/DSS/75/ 2/ 1 Part B- Opened 4.12.79 ~ cs"'"~              ~ ~._:S               +
                                                                                  ~ c-o-b,.,~ 4-.

                                                                                  ~du- ~~ ~). ~aw~                          +
                                                                                  M (..f.L.I.J ';..& -tN, o-\ k..t..... ~

                                                                                   QA ~       "~-:-:---:
                                                                                              \' ~:9
                                                                                                    (~· OcVOO
..   ..
          *************** -COMM. JOURNRL- ******************* DATE 09-0CT-2000 ***** TIME 15:27 *** P.01

              MJDE = MEMCRY TRANSMISSIQ-l                                       START=09-0CT 15:27            END-09-0CT 15:27
                  FILE NO . = 079
          STNt-0.       COM       ABER NO.           STRTlON NAME/ TEL.NO.             PAGES      DURATION
            001                   a                                                    001/001 oo: 00' 25"

                                                                                            -SECRETAR IAT CAIR STAFF)   -
          ************************************ -                                     - ***** -                              *********


                                                 From                         DAS 4a(Sec)
                                                    MINISTRY                 DEFENCE
                                                          Secretariat (Air Staft)
                                             Room 8243, Main Building, \Vhitehall
                                                        LONDON SWlA 2HB

                                                 Telephone (Direct dial) ~
                                                     (Switchboard) 020 72fr9-~
                                                            (Faxp@§d! I :Zj
                                                          FAX MESSAGE

                    TO: ~~~~" "Files Out"
                    SUBJECT: Loc:atioo of closed files

                    DATE: 9 Oct 00

                    NUMBER OF PAGES INCLUDING THIS COVER: l


                    LOCATION OF CLOSED FILES


                    1would be grateful ir you would attempt to trace the following Iiles:

                    UFO Policy and PoliC}• Statemcnr.s- AF/XSR/64 Part 1 • Opened. 22.2.68

                    UFO Policy and Policy Statements· AFIX.58/64 Part 2 • Opened 31.3. 70

                    UfO ·Policy Statements- DIDS8nSil Part A· Open<:d 18.1. 79

                    UFO- Policy Slatements- OIDS&nS/211 Part B ·Opened 4.12. 79
r


                           From:                               DAS 4a(Sec)
                          MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                          Room 8240, Main Building, Whitehall, LondonJ SW1A 2HB
                                                                              Telephone      (Direct dial}
                                                                                             (Switchboard}
                                                                                             (Fax}
                                                                                                             ...
                                                                                                             020 721 8 21 40


     Dr David Clarke                                                             You•· Reference

                                                                                 Our Reference
                                                                           - "";? DAS(Sec)164 J
                                                                                  Date
                                                                                 06 (kto h~r 2000


    Dear Dr Clarke,
    · [ am· writing fitrther lo m~ 4 letter of 29 September in which lindicatcdthat l 'hoped to be·. able to rep!~.· tc- -
    you in greater detail during the course of the first week in October.

    Tmvards the end of your own letter of 4 September you summarised your request for access to information
    under the Code of Practice on Access to Government lnfonnation, asking six main questions_ I shall now
    address these questions in the order they were asked but before doing so it might be helpful if I explain the
    usc of the term "sanitisc" in the paragraphs below. This simply means that all personal details (names.
    addresses) are obscured as documents that have not been released to the PRO are copied for supply to
    indiYidual enquirers.

     l) DSIJJTIC Report No 7 'Unidentified Flying Objects' (1952) and related intelligence reports on
        'VFOs' 1951-52 -I can confirm that a review of closed files has taken place but none were found to
        contain the report you seck. As a consequence of this, and earlier searches which failed to locate the
        report. we conclude it has not survived the passage of time. However, this latest rcvie\v identified a
        number of 'UFO' related documents, six on DEFE 31/19 and one page on DEFE 44/1 \Yhich might be
        photocopied and supplied to you, as I shall explain belo\v in greater detail. I am informed that these
        documents represent the full extent of'UFO' material contained in closed intelligence records.

    2) BJ 5/311 Records of the Meteorological Office, 'Unidentified Flying Objects': meteorological
       aspects, 1968-79- The file contains some 360 enclosures, mostly letters to and from members ofthc
       public. and is due for release to the Public Records Office in January 200 I. Sanitising and
       photocopying the contents of the file might be done marginally in advance of that date (see below).

    3) AIR 2/18564 Air Ministry/MOD, 'UFO' Report West Freugh 1957-1971- This file is for release in
       January 2002. In the meantime it "·ould be possible to sanitisc the dozen or so pages that contain
       personal details and photocopy them and the remainder of the file (around 40 documents), supplying
       you with those copies (see beiO\v).

    4) AF/3459/75 'UFOs': Policy and policy statements 1970- The file includes policy documents.
       published articles and pamphlets, and some six pages require sanitising. It "ould be possible to
       photocopy the contents of the file and provide you with copies (see below).                     ·

    5) Additional policy files 1968-81 -Our researches have identified a substantial number of files,
       although many appear to contain correspondence from members of the public. We are now \\Orking
       on locating those that may include policy documents and shall write to you as soon as we have
       completed that research.
    f


•       6) AIR 20/12556 'UFO' reports January 1974 (additionally AIR 2/18873)- File AIR 20/12556 is not
           a 'UFO' file. AIR 2/18873 contains public enquiries concerning 'UFOs' covering the period June 1973
           to February 1974 and amounts to some 109 enclosures. Additionally, AF/584 contains 'UFO' reports
           for January 1974 amounting to some l 00 enclosures. It would be possible to sanitise and photocopy
           the contents of both files (see below).

        As I mentioned in my letter of 29 September, the Ministry of Defence is bound by the Code of Practice on
        Access to Government Information. This means that we are committed to providing you with the
        information you require, as long as it is not exempted under the Code. However, to ensure this does not
        create an extra burden on the taxpayer, we have a charging regime for more complicated requests. If a
        request is likely to require over four hours' \Vork, each hour's work over four hours (or part thereof) is
        charged at £15.00 per hour.

        We estimate that the number of documents to be copied in the files mentioned in 1-4 and 6 above is in the
        region of 800 pages. Assuming it will take two minutes to check, sanitise and photocopy each page our
        calculation is that, after the first 4 hours, 22 hours ohvork at £15.00 per hour will remain totalling some
        £330.00. To copy the full 800 pages would be a four day task spread over eight half days. As the fairly
        small section likely to take on the \York \viii also be heavily involved in checking material to be released in
        January 2001, those eight half days would be spread over an eight week period. The material could be
        tna'CI~· ~v<lil<lhl.t~ toyotnluring Decr:'mher2·ooo.·. ~····-· ~·· ·          , · ·· · ·· · -

        If \'OU decide to wait to view the contents of file BJ 5/311 until its release to the Public Records Office in
        January 2001, then the cost of copying the remaining files falls, after deducting the first four hours of
        \\·ork. to around £160.00. I would be grateful for confirmation that you wish to proceed with this enquiry,
        indicating \vhether including or excluding BJ 5/311, and that you are willing to meet the appropriate
        charge. If the cost of obtaining the information is likely to be significantly greater than our estimate
        suggests we will contact you again before proceeding further.

        I look forward to hearing from you in due course.
                                       From:                                  DAS 4a( Sec)
                                      MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                                      Room 8240, Main Building, Whitehall, London, SW1A 2HB
                                                                                                Telephone      (Direct dial)      020 721 8 21 40
                                                                                                               (Switchboard)      020 721 8 9000
                                                                                                               (Fax)


                                                                                                   Your Reference

                                                                                                   Our Reference
                                                                                                   DAS(Sec)!64' 3
                                                                                                   Date
                                                                                                   06 Octoller 2000


              Dear Dr Clarke_
     . -.· · ·. ,.· :t.·anl 'rrh1ng ft1tther tom)'· letter of·2g- s~·ptf~!'il,cr i"n 'vhich ! t!'·dir:ttedthat I hOped tc be able to repl)' tcY ·
              you in greater detail during the course of the first week in October_

              Tawards the end of your own letter of 4 September you summarised your request for access to information
              under the Code of Practice on Access to Government Information, asking six main questions_ I shall now
              address these questions in the ord!.!r they were asked but before doing so it might be helpful if I explain the
              usc of the term "sanitise" in the paragraphs below. This simply means that all personal details (names,
              addresses) arc obscured as documents that have not been released to the PRO are copied for supply to
              indiYidua\ enquirers.

              1) OSI/JTIC Report No 7 'Unidentified Flying Objects' (1952) and related intelligence reports on
                 'UFOs' 1951-52- I can confirm that a review of closed files has taken place but none were found to
                 contain the report you seck. As a consequence of this, and earlier searches which failed to locate the
                 r~port we conclude it has not survived the passage of time. However, this latest revie\v identified a
                 number of'UFO' related documents, six on DEFE 31/ 19 and one page on DEFE 44/l which might be
                 photocopied and supplied to you, as I shall explain below in greater detail. I am informed that these
                 documents represent the full extent of'UFO' material contained in closed intelligence records.

              2) BJ 5/311 Records ofthe Meteorological Office, 'Unidentified Flying Objects': meteorological
                 aspects, 1968-79- The file contains some 360 enclosures, mostly letters to and from members ofthc
                 public, and is due for release to the Public Records Otlice in January 2001. Sanitising and
                 photocopying the contents of the file might be done marginally in advance of that date (see below) .

              3) -/A IR 2/18564 Air Ministry/MOD, 'UFO' Report West Freugh 1957-1971 -This file is for release in
                   January 2002. In the meantime it would be possible to sanitise the dozen or so pages that conta in
                   personal ddails and photocopy them and the remainder of the file (around 40 documents), supplying
                   you \vith those copies (see belo,v).
                  /
              4) AF/3459/75 'UFOs': Policy and policy statements 1970- The file includes policy documents,
                 published articles and pamphlets, and some six pages require sanitising. It would be possibk to
                 photocopy the contents of the file and provide you with copies (see belm\").
our. .
 -            5) Additional policy files 1968-81- Our researches have identified a substantial number of files,
~0( ~. . although many appear to contain correspondence from members of the public. We are no\v \vorking
                   on locating those that may include policy documents and shall write to you as soon as \Ve have
                   completed that research.
•                                                      ,.,\Q;


•
                                                   ~oy
                                                  ut
                                      '-,/" """
                                ,-)_::;..-
                            /                                                    ./
    6) AIR 20/12556 'UFO' reports January 1974 (additionally AIR 2/18873)- File AIR 20/12556 is not
       a 'UFO' file. AIR 2/18873 contains public enquiries concerning 'UFOs' covering the period June 1973
       to February 1974 and amounts to some 109 enclosures. Additionally, AF/584 contains 'UFO' reports/
       for January 1974 amounting to some I 00 enclosures. It would be possible to sanitise and photocopy
       the contents of both tiles (see below).

    As I mentioned in my letter of 29 September, the Ministry of Defence is bound by the Code of Practice on
    Access to Government Information. This means that we are committed to providing you with the
    information you require, as long as it is not exempted under the Code. However, to ensure this does not
    create an extra burden on the taxpayer, we have a charging regime for more complicated requests. If a
    request is likely to require over four hours' work each hour's work over four hours (or part thereof) is
    charged at £15.00 per hour.

    We estimate that the number of documents to be copied in the files mentioned in 1-4 and 6 above is in the
    region of 800 pages. Assuming it will take two minutes to check, sanitise and photocopy each page our
    calculation is that, after the first 4 hours, 22 hours of work at £15.00 per hour will remain totalling some
    £330.00. To copy the fi.Jl!800 pages would be a four day task spread over eight half days. As the fairly
    small section likely to take on the work will also be heavily involved in checking material to be released in
    January 200 I, those eight half days would be spread over an eight week period. The material could be
    made available to you during December 2000.

    If you decide to \vait to vie\v the contents of file BJ 5/311 until its release to the Public Records Office in
    January 200 !, then the cost of copying the remaining files falls, after deducting the first four hours of
    work to around £160.00. I would be grateful for confirmation that you wish to proceed with this enquiry,
    indicating whether including or excluding BJ 5/311, and that you are willing to meet the appropriate
    charge. If the cost of obtaining the information is likely to be significantly greater than our estimate
    suggests we will contact you again before proceeding further.
                                                                '
    !look forward to hearing from you in due course.
                                                                                       P.01
                                                                   T0 ~~4~0
. . .   ~ OCT ' 00 11 : 06 FROM DGMO' DMCS' DOMD LONDON


           CLASSIFICATION:

           CAVEAT:

           COVERING:


  Fax

          g-(Jrge.,t      0 For Review    0 Please Comment   0 Please Reply   0 Please Recycle


          • Convnents:


             ~e: v€ ~Aua:D C!>VEI2 AA't fb&S• @.L( coNe.~                        ABov-r       C1<?.1 ·s
             fl.b~ C>N ~ON4glt ~S ~-< A;S\0€: fi.¥L "\'1.~ ~ ~ g€
              .iX:NE.      b~"i\A-tv-t , ~vtA"(     iS    ~N~ ~ t~N~L.E ~N'I cF
              ~~' VA/lt€5 AhM 0~ ~ ~€N"f. ~Nc:. (N'\0 Ac::COJ~
              :s-r~ l.6/fist ~C.Es1 f~'t1<:*'.,~-n€j ~ 0rV"5lON 1 SCc'"flON ., ~<:Nc.'r,
               B.L- ~A.N ... fk_C/.0€ ·~ fDl '('-tcy...., saves .
              Aro1~LI, ~~,~~ I}(€ 6-.v6"Z./orl_ ~ <lveN ~Oz.
              ~ C>J~ ~ \Z".) ~ ft..)Al-'~60 ~~ ; ~ A i.ca.(_ M
              ~~ to 0(:. .('11r\E- cd>E~ CWV\t~ l -KAv& ~aostSQ). ~ (p..)l..O
             '51 Mfl.-t    /lUU!:£ -tt>   ")/o ~~ h:IO"Ih(    12@..~ c:rt::> A~ '""''-'\~ vJ4-t..<..
             ~         tMMlN~'t'\.-'-( OA~.
                                                                                          P.1212
         ~ OCT • 121121 11 : 1216 FROM DGMO, DMCS, DOMD LONDON


                       Open Government
                   CODE OF PRACTICE                                                                       .·~e
                                                                                                              .•


                      ON ACCESS TO                                                         ·~
                                                                                                     -.
                                                                                                   ~~ ~ 1..   f'


                     .GOVERNMENT
                           ... .               . . .. .   . .         .    .
                                                                                                                   ··~


; ~:~,.: ,<r." ·.;_"},:, :>· ·' :. ·~:¥~Git                      . ,·.,.-~_• f"·. ;';j· ,l :·,-~,7 ~;~;·;~~:' ·
                                                                                  TO                               P.03
05 OCT '00 11 : 08 FROM DGMO I DMCS I DOMD LONDON


                 CODE OF PRACTICE ON ACCESS TO GOVERNMENT INFORMATION
                                                 Second Edition (1997)


                                                        PART I

                 Purpose
                 1. This Code of Practice supports the Government"s policy under
                 the Citizen's Charter of extending access to official information, .1nd
                 responding to reasonable requests for infonnation. The approach to
                 release of information should in all cases be based on the assumption
                 that information should be released except where disclosure would
                 nol be in the public interest, as specified in P.&t II of this Code.

                 2.    The aims of the Code are:

                       o to improve policy-makin~ and the democratic process hy
                         extending access to the facts and analyses which provide the
                            basis for the consideration of proposed policy;

                       0    to protect the interests of individuals and companies by
                            ensuring that reasons are given for administrative decisjons,
                            except where there is statutory authority or established
                            convention to the contrary; and

                       o    to support and extend the principles of public service
                            established under the Cititen's Charter.

                 These aims are balanced by the need:

                       o    to maintain high standards of care in ensuring the privacy of
                            personal and commercially confidential information; and

                       o to preserve confidentiality where disclosure would not be in
                            the public interest or would breach personal privacy or the
                            confidences of a third party, in accordance with statutory
                            requirements and Part IT of the Code.


                 lnfor1TI(J,tion the Government -will relea!e
                 .3 . Subject to the exemptions in Put II, the Code commits
                 departments and public bodies under the jurisdiction of the
                 Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration (the Ombudsman}: '

                       i) to publish the facts and analysis of the facts which the
                          Government considers relevant and important in framing
                          major policy proposals and decisions; such information will
                          normally be made available when policie~ and decisions are
                          announced;

                 I It! /Vt~rtlu:rn. if~iu.tuJ. Ilk Pa•lklmc'llaty C•m1,,;,~iotter ,lilf lltbuirtuVIIlimt and 1he
                   Cm'"'"-ui<>'lllf .Ji1r Cm~tpli.Unu.
      05 OCT '00 11:09 FROM DGMO.DMCSoDOMD LONDON                                                                                          P.04
' '


                   CODE OF PRACTICE ON ACCESS TO GOVERNMENT lNFORMATlON
                                     Seeonci Editio11. (199 7)


                           ii) to publish or otherwise rnake available, as soon as
                               practicable after the Code becomes operational, explanatory
                               material on departments' dealings with the public
                               (including such rules, procedures, internal guidance to
                               officials, and similar administrative manuals as will assist
                               better understanding of departmental action in dealing with
                               the public) except where publication could prejudice any
                               matter which should properly be kept confidential under
                                 Part ll of the Code;
                           iii) to give reasons for administrative decisions to those
                                affected; 2

                           iv) to publish in accordance with the Citizen's Charter:

                                 0     full information about how public services are run, how
                                       much they cost, who is in charge, and what complaints
                                       and redress procedures are available;
                                 0     full and, where possible, comparable jnfonnation about
                                       what services s.re being provided, what targets are set,
                                       what standards of service are expected and the res!.llts
                                       achieved.

                           v) to release, in response to specific requests, information
                                 relating to their policies, actions and decisions and other
                                 matter.:> related t<> their areas of responsibility.

                   4. There is no commitment that pre-existing documents, as
                   distinct from information, will be made available in response to
                   requests.   The Code does not require departments to acquire
                   information they do not possess, to provide infonn.ation which is
                   already Jmblished, or to provide information which is provided as
                   patt of an existing charged service other than through that service.


                   Responses to requesu for information
                   5.   lnfonnation will be provided as soon as practicable. The target
                   for response to simple requeMs for information is 20 working days
                   from the date of receipt. This target may need to be .extended when
                   significant search or collation of material is required. Where
                   information oannot be provided under the terms of the Code, an
                   explanation will normally be given.


                   2 Tlrl:rr: will H a 1- arnu lllherc ~U-Qta/UWwJ c:tltll>lflltiM or lqu1 aullwril)' limils tht
                     <"<HIUI~IIIt!fll wKWtt ,._.,A<,fM' t!liWt<flU aert.uiA eleci.8itHU 1111. lrie'fC' and lllllft<)Jl<Jly acnl!.f "' ""
                        ~Ill lakil t~!Jdf'«IIIUIJ U.ClU"',


                   ----------------------~2~-----------------------
                                                                                                                                                  ' j ';
05 OCT '00 11:09 FROM DGMO.OMCS,DOMD LONDON                                           TO   ;a tt 4ol               P.05


            CODE OF PRACTICE ON ACCESS TO COVERNM.ENT INFORMATION
                                              Second Edition (1997)


            Scope
            6. The Code applies to those Government departments and other
            bodies within the jurisdiction of the Ombudsman (as listed in
            Schedule 2 to the Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967).:1 The
            Code applies to agencies within departments and to functions
            earned out on behalf of a department or public body by contract()rs.
            The Security and Intelligence Setvices are not within the scope of
            the Code, nor is information obtained from or relating to them.


            Charges
           · 7. Departments, agencies and public bodies will make their own
             arrangements for charging. Details of charges are available from
             departments on request. Schemes may include a standard charge for
             processing simple requests for information. Where a. request is
             complex and would require extensive searches of records or
             processing or collation of information, an additional charge, reflecting
             reasonable costs may be notified.


            Relation.ship to statutory ac ceu rights
            8. This Code is non-statutory and cannot ovexride provlslons
            contained in statutory rights of access to information or records (nor
            can it override statutory prohibitions on disclosure). Where the
            information could be sought under an existing statutory right, the
            terms of the right of access takes precedence over the Code. There are
            already certain access rights to health, medical and educational
            records, to personal files held by local authority housing and social
            services departments, and to personal data held on computer. There
            is also a right of access to environmental information. It is not
            envisaged that the Ombudsman will become in"olved in supervising
            these statutory rights.

            The White Paper on Open Government (Cm 2290) proposed two new
            statutory rights to information:

                  an access right to personal records, proposed in Chapter 5;
                  an access right to health and safety infonnation, proposed in
                  Chapter 6 .

            3 Itt N•Kflt.t:rr& lr~ 1M Cotk l.lf>p/W "' fH£1,/~ bodw ulllkr d.., jvr~dkti.m "/ ch• Nt.nl>~?tt.
              INiltJnd Purli41mlm..ry CummiJjiun.<~r .fiu Ad"ii.IIL11r1Ui"" u.r&d IJoe Cmm11i.uitwu:r }or
              CtHNf.t..inu, will• !lac: ~llit.n 4l4clut ,,.lr.ffl,lrelll aNI. lwuhh <VI4 JMfltlwwl o<JCial ~~Nku
              IHxU&•• for whicl. •cpat'Citt urru.f1P1ltlml.• CV!: f,~ lkve/or~M w tn Cr<!Ul BriltJin.. ,S.,.,.e
              Ntwth.ertt J,.,LtuuJ. ~ocvu•ww ond (,.HlUJs - ~txprc:wr •flhJcot 111 1./u: jrvt.ldJt:lWI tt/ tlu:
              PGrlk»n.et~SlVy CtHtw~sitHII!r IUOI~ &ht 196 7 Alii,


            ----------------------~J~-----------------------
05 OCT '00 11:09 FROM DGMO , DMCS,DOMD LONDON                                          P. 06


              CODE OF PRACTICE ON ACCESS TO COVERNMENT INFORMATION
                                     Second Edition (1997)


             Where a statutory right is proposed but has yet to be implemented,
             acr.ess to relevant information may be sought under the Code, but the
             Code should not be regarded as a means of access to original
             documents or personal files .


             Public records
             9. The Code is not intended to ovenide statutory provisions on
             access to public records, whether over or under thirty years old.
             Under sl2(3) of the Parliamentuy Commissioner Act 1967, the
             Ombudsman is not required to question the merits of a decision if it
             is taken without maladministration by a Government department or
             other body in the exercise of a discretion vested in it. Decisions on
             public records made in England and Wales by the Lord ChancelloJ;
             or in Scotland and Northern Ireland by the Secretary of Sta.te, are
             such discretionary decisions.


             Jurisdiction of couru, tribunals or inquiries
             10. The Code only applies to Government-held infonnation. It does
             not apply to or affect information held by courts or contained in court
             documents. ("Court" includes tribunals, inquiries and the Northern
             Ireland Enforcement of Judgements Office). The present practice
             covering disclosure of information before courts, tribunals and
             inquiries will continue to apply.


             Investigation of complaints
             11. Complaints that infonnation which should have been provided
             under the Code has not been provided, or that unreasonable charges
             have been demanded, should be made first to the department or
             body concerned. If the applicant remains dissatisfied , complaints
             may be made Lhrough a Member of Parliament to the Ombudsman.
             Complaints will be investigated at the Ombudsman's discretion in
             accordance with the procedure:> providetl in the 1967 Act.~


             -----------------------{4~----------------------
                                                                                      1-' .1::1'(
05 OCT '00 11 : 09 FROM DGMO.DMCS,DOMD LONDON


               CODE OF PRACTICE ON ACCESS TO GOVERNMENT INFORMATION
                                      Second Edition (1997)


                                           PARTU

               Reasons for confidentiality
               The following categories of information are exempt from the
               commitments to provide information in this Code. In those
               <:lltegories which refer to harm or prejudice, the presumption
               remains that information should be disclosed unless the harm likely
               to arise from disclosure would outweigh the public interest in
               making the information available.

               References to harm or prejudice indude ,b(1th actual. hann or
               prejudice and risk or reasonable expectation of harm or prejudic:e.
               In su<;h cases it should be considered whether any harm or prejudice
               arising fwm disclosure is outweighed by the public interest in
               making information available.

              The exemptions will not be interpreted in a way which (:a.uses
              injustice to individuals .


               1. Defence, security and international relations
                   a) Infonnation whose disclosure would harm national security
                      or defence.

                   b) Information whose disclosure would harm 1he conduct of
                       inte~tional relations or affairs.

                   c) Information received in confidence from foreign
                      governments, foreign courts or international or:ganisations.


               2. Internal discussion and advice
               Information whose disclosure would harm the frankness and candour
               of internal discussion, including:

                   o   proceedings of Cabinet and Cabinet committees;

                   0   internal opinion, advice, recommendation, consultation and
                       delibera1ion:

                   o   projections and assumptions relating to internal policy
                       analysis; analysis of alternative policy options and
                       infonnalion relating to rejected policy options;

                   o   confidential communications between departments, public:
                       hodies and regulatory bodies.

              ----------------------~~~----------------------
                                                                                         P.el8
1215 OCT '121121 11: 10 FROM DGMO, DMCS. DOMO LONOON               TO   jSEU!Li I 401


               CODE OF PRACTICE ON ACCESS TO GOV.ER.NMt:NT INFORMATION
                                       Second EdiLion (1997)


               .1. Communications with the Royal Household
               Information relating to confidential communications between
               Ministers and Her Majesty the Queen or other Members of the Royal
               Household. or relating to confidential proceedings of the Privy
               Council.


               4. La'ID enforcemenl. and legal p't'oceedings
                    a) lnfonnation whose disclosure could prejudice the
                       administration of justice (including fair trial), legal
                         proceedings or the pt·oceedings of any tribunal, public
                         inquiry or other formal investigations (whether actual or
                         likely) or whose disclosure is, has been, or is likely to be
                         addressed in the context of such proceedings.

                    b) Information whose disclosure could prejudice the
                       enforcement or proper administration of the la.w, including
                         the prevention, investigation or detection of crime, or the
                         apprehension or prosecution of offenders.

                    c) Infonnation relating to legal proceedings or the proceedings
                       of cmy tribunal, public inquiry or other formal investigation
                           which have been completed or terminated, or relating to
                           investigations which have or might have resulted in
                         · proceedings.

                    d) [nforrnation covered by !egal professional privilege.

                    e) Information whose disclosure would hum public safety or
                       public order, or would prejudice the sec:utity of llny building
                       or penal institution.

                    t)   Information whose disclosure could endanger the life or
                         physical ::;afety of any person, or identify the source of
                         info.nnation or assistance given in confidenc~ fClr law
                         enforcement or security purposes.

                    g) Information whose disclosure would inc::rease the likelihood
                         of dam~e to the environment, or rare or endanger~d species
                         and their habitats.


               5. Immigration and nationality
               Information relating to immigration, nationality, consular .t~.nd entry
               clearance cases. However, information will be provided, though not
               through access to personaJ records, where there is no risk that


               ----------------------~6~----------------------
                 05 OCT '00 11=10 FROM DGMO.DMCS,DOMD LONDON                     TO
'       .
            --
        "C···.


.e  '


                              CODE OF PRACTICE ON ACCESS TO COVERNMENT INFORMATION
                                                Second Edition {1997)


                              disclosure would prejudice the ~ffective administration of
                              immigration controls or other statutory provisions.


                              6. Effective management of the economy
                                 and collection of tax
                                  a) Information whose disclosure would hann the ability of the
                                     Government to mana_se the economy, prejudice the conduct
                                     of official market operatjons, or could l~:ad to improper gain
                                     Qr advantage.

                                 b) Information whose disclosure would prejudice the
                                    assessment or collection of tax, duties or National Insurance
                                    cuntributions, or assist tax avoidance or evasion.


                              7. Effective management and operations of
                                 the public se"'ice
                                 a} Information whose disclosure could lead to improper gain or
                                    advantage or would prejudice:
                                     0   the competitive posilion of a department or other public
                                         body or authority;
                                     0   negotiations or the effective conduct of personnel
                                         management, or commercial or contractual activities;
                                     o   the awarding of discretionary grants.

                                 b) Information whose disclosure would hann the proper and
                                    efficient conduct of the operations of a department or other
                                    public body or authority, including NHS organisations, or of
                                    any regulatory body.


                             8. Public employment, publk appointments
                                a.nd honours
                                 a) Personnel records (relating to pubJic appointments as well
                                    as employees of public authorities) including those relating
                                    to recruitment, promotion and secul'ity vetting.

                                 b) Information, opinions and assessments given in confidence
                                     in relation to public employment and public appointments
                                     made by Ministers of the Crown, by the Crown on the advice
                                     of Ministers or by statutory office holders.

                                 c) Information, opinions and assessments given in relation to
                                    recommendations for honours.
05 OCT '00 11:10 FROM DGMO.DMCS,DOMD LONDON                     TO ~                   P.10


               CODE OF PRACTICE ON ACCESS TO GOVEHNMENT INFORMATION
                                      Sec:oud Edition (1997)


              9. Voluminous or vexatious requests
              Requests for information which are veutious or manifestly
              unreasonable or are fonnulated in too general a manne~; or which
              (because of the amount of information to be processed or the need to
              retrieve information from files not in current use) would require
              unreasonable diversion of resources.


              10. Publication and prematurity in relation
                  to publication
              Information which is or will soon he published, or whose disclosure,
              where the material relates to a planned or potential announcement or
              publication, could cause harm (for example, of a physical or
              financial nature).


              11. Research, statistics and analysis
                   a) Information relating to incomplete analysis, research or
                      statisriC'.s, where disclosure could be misleading or deprive
                      the holder of priority of publication or commercial value.
                   b) Information held only for preparing statistics or carrying out
                      researr.h, or for surveillance for health and safety purposes
                      (im:luding food safety), and which relates to individuals,
                      c:ompanies or products which will not be identified in reports
                      of that rese~fch or surveillance, or in published statistics.


              12. Privacy of an individual
              Unwarranted disclosure to a third p41rty of personal infonnation
              abuul any person (including a deceased p~rson) or any other
              disclosure whic:h would constitul~ <lr could facilitate an unwarranted
              invasion of privacy.


              1.1. Third party's commercial confidences
              Information including commercial confidences) trade secrets oc
              intellectual property whose unwarranted disclosure would harm the
              competitive position of a third party.
05 OCT '00 11:10 FROM DGMO,DMCS,DOMD LONDON                  TO                         P. ll


             CODE OF PRACTICE ON ACCESS TO GOVERNMENT INFORMATION
                               Sceucl Edition (1997)


             14. Information given in confideru:e
                 a) Information held in consequence of having been supplied in
                    confidence by a person who:

                    o   gave the information under a statutory guarantee that its
                        confidentiality would be protected; or
                    o   was not under any legal obligation, whether actual or
                        implied, lo supply it, and has not consented to its
                        disclosure.

                 b) Information whose disclosure without the consent of the
                    supplier would prejudice the future supply of such
                    infonnation.         ·

                 c) Medical information provided in confidence if disclosure to
                    the subject would hann their physical or ment.il health, or
                    should only be made by a medical practitioneJ:


             15. Statutory and other restrictions
                 a) Information whose disclosure is prohibited by or under any
                    enactment, regulation, European Community law or
                    international agreement.

                 b) Information whose release would constitute a breach of
                    Parliamentary Privilege.


            ------------------~--~~ r-----------------------

                                                                                    **TOTAL PAGE. 11 **
•                                                                                              Page 1 of 3


                                                                                                   ·.. ., ~ .:


    SEC(AS)2A
    From:        Hd of DR1
    Sent:        03 October 2000 13:13
    To:          SEC(AS)2A
    Cc:          OMD14
    Subject:     DR CLARKE'S REQUEST FOR ACCESS TO UFO FILES
    Importance: High

                                                                          r


    Thank you for you loose minute dated 2 October 2000, together with a draft reply to Dr Clarke.

    You sought comments and for ease of reference I offer the following in the order raised by you :

    DSI/JTIC Report No 7 UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (1952) and related intelligence reports
    on UFOs 1951-1952.

    We presume that as no reports survive they must have been destroyed, but in the absence of
    supporting evidence, for example Destruction Certificates, the convention has been to say that
    "we conclude that the papers have not survived the passage of time" (or something very similar).

    My staffs review of DIS records over the last few years has specifically targeted records over 2 S
    years old. This is because under the terms of the Public Records Act government departments
    are not permitted to hold records in excess of 30 years without first receiving the Lord
    Chancellor's approval. This Report has been on our target list. But no success.

    An additional difficulty, is that under current security instructions destruction certificates need
    only be kept for a minimum of five years.

    The copies of papers identified on closed files - I think we should identify the files DEFE 31/19,
    which contains six UFO related documents and DEFE 44/1 which contains just one page (an
    entry that refers to Report No 7!). I also believe that the reply should also make clear that
    although neither piece (a generic term used to describe the record) is being released the copies
    we are offering to make available represents the full extent of UFO documentation contained in
    intelligence records identified by Dr Clarke that he wish us to review ie closed intelligence
    records.

    BJ 5/311

    The file contains aroundi3'6ll pages (many enclosures consist of multiple pages). Whilst I agree
    with your options (a) that1fr'Ciarke should wait until January (b) or we take photocopies I have
    some pertinent comments re the resource and cost implications (see below).

    AIR 2/18564

    The file consists of some 60 pages. I am happy to seek the Lord Chancellor's approval to release
    it ahead of time, but if during the interim Dr Clarke would like copies this could be arranged .
    Early release will take about three months. As above the cost verses the time might be
    particularly relevant.

    AF/3459/75

    Although about six pages to be sanitised the file consists of around 1 50 enclosures. As the files
    dates from 1970 to 1975 normal release would not occur until january 2006, but note the file


04/ 10/00
                                                                                                       ,rJ2J ge 2 of 3


            has NOT been formally transferred to the PRO it awaits cataloguing.

            Additional policy files 1968- 1981       -    "1::>\~ <:.c.J u ~(~ - ~e.L~h~ toc.o--~ 1-kl..tJ.
                                                         C~c.JL DfH (ke) ~~ ~~ t'koUCc.J.~r ~ ~
            Our researches have identified nearly 1 00 files relating to the subject of UFOs. In the main they ~
            have originated in DS Sec, and predecessor branches and DIS. From file titles most appear to        ~
            hold reports from members of the public. But only an examination of the files will determine
            whether this is actually so. A few files, perhaps eight or nine, are about policy. From ~ ~fha,#J.
            ~ ute 24 August 2000 I believe that~are held by you! One Dl file, held~                         ~     f'
            ~Tperiod Dec 1971 to 1996.                      4- _5-........ (\(.Me.. ~(ot.. ,~ IM~ /Dilrl (~Co:)
                                                              t.S'-81.
            The nine files could easily contain 900 enclosures! In addition, to certify that the other 90 files
            contain no relevant policy information we would need to undertake a major review. We are
            talking about review effort of at least one week (EO level).

            All these files are earmarked for review at the 25 year point. Current review policy is for UFO files
            to be selected for preservation and for their transfer to the PRO in time for release at the
            normally 30-year point (but see my final comments below). At this time I suggest that
            Exemption 9 applies.

            I'm not sure that the middle section of this paragraph is appropriate. Dr Clarke has specified
            dates and we've identified nearly 1 00, of which 9 have a specific reference to "policy" in their
            title .

            If he wished we could offer to investigate these nine files on his behalf and if found to contain
            "policy" rather than the usual reports photocopies could be provided. The absence of enclosure
            information precludes any estimate of castings. But if they contain 900 pages as you will note
            below it will prove to be very expensive for Dr Clarke.

            AIR 20/12556 (AIR 2/18873) and UFO reports january 1974

            It is agreed there should be mention of AF I 5 84.

            He is specifically interested in an incident that occurred in January 1974. He could be invited to
            provide more information or, alternatively, photocopies of the enclosures of both files could be
            made, totalling around 209 in all.

           ~
            We have offered to make photocopies offive files BJ 5/311, AIR 2/18564, AF/3459/75, AIR
            2 !18873 & AFS 84, plus a few pages from DEFE 31 /19 & DEFE 44/1.

            In all I have estimated that they contain approximately 800 pages.

            Photocopying would be undertaken by my EO in charge of the Sensitive Archive , or myself. I have
            no other member of staff will the appropriate levels of clearance to undertake this kind of work
            in a sensitive office area! The individual is experienced in undertaking this kind of work as it
            occupies close to two days of a normal week.

            We estimate that to examine the files for the areas to be sanitised , to dismantle the files, sanitise
            papers, photocopy them, re-establish the original file and re-create the photocopied version
            would take on average 2 minutes per page. If my maths are correct this totals 26 hours. The first
            four are free leaving 22 hours at £1 5 per hour= £330.                           /
                                                                    ,........ 3C.:L po.~(> t' d..cr-.
            Should he choose to defer ordering copies of B~ 5/311 .and wai~ for the accelerated opening of
            AIR 2/18564 costs fall by almost a half. _      ! t5<iroo (~J: l6o)
   . ...

G'""\ ...S.f _Should he elect to order photocopies the four day task would be spread over eight half days and

           01j l0j00
                                                                                                    Page 3 of 3


•    that over a period of eight weeks. In other words he should get his copies by Christmas. My EO
     has other things to do and we at a particularly busy time checking material closed for more that
     30 years that should also be re leased in January.

                                                                                       ~( ~\v ~( ( ~
     Your final question

     D r Cl ar k e .ts qutt                                                ri .
                              . ht t here .ts .m d ee d not h"mg to stop d epartment evtewmg an d tran sf~~,k·s-.ot..
                         . e ng
     records to Kew and arranging for release in advance of 30 years. he White Paper on Open
                                                                                                         ernng        .

     Government, published July 1993, offered this as an option , subject to resources.

     You may wish to say this to Dr Clarke:

     "The White Paper on Open Government identified an number of initiates that, subject to
     resources, that would lead to the release of material closed for more than 30 years and also
     encouraged the release of blocks of material in advance of the normal date. Hitherto, the
     Ministry of Defence has , as have a number of other government departments, concentrated on
     records closed in excess of 30 years. To date more than 11, 700 such records have been
     released since July 1993.

     Also, as with other government departments the MOD has a structured review programme and in
     compliance with Public Record Office guidelines the final review of record s takes place at the 2 5
     year point . The MOD has no thematic database of records due for review, as a consequence
     review occurs according to date rather than subject.

     This present exercise has apparently identified a few f il es that would appear to fall outside the
     kind of UFO material that hitherto has been preserved ie reports from members of the public.
     Consideration w ill now be given to seeing whether these few files could not be processed and
     released in advance of the normal date." {On this point would DAS(Sec) wish Records to
     progressively review and release all surviving UFO material in advance of the designated
     date. Although, a special exercise review would be fairly straight forward what would take
     time the is the deletion of personal details from files]

     Rather longer that I hoped but I trust that it answers your questions.
                                          t . At\- t-~"tb
    ~ L
                    ~o::> )' ~ (~) =\\boo"'·                                  4:. . ( 0 ...oe>
                                                                          ~co~ c;t...(_~.r
                   -7 6 0 : 2. 6 . ~ ~~ ,...f                                                                ~


                                                                           fa:> ~ ~                        (AI1 ({
                  -Lr" '2.2 .. ~ ~ ~
                 J     l£ •GO Z ~     3 3 t"f. <=t
                 ~ l.gse!>.e.o) ~ -}·
                 ·l
                  ot       \ J 1>-4- +~.


                       r 4. . b hou.,.,     -    ~ .:


                         (0 • ' kvs- • )C       t ({' ~ ~
                                                      o


    ov 10/00                     tl5],e>e(~
&EC(AS)2A
 From:                       OMD14
 Sent:                       03 October2000 15:10
 To:                         SEC(AS)2A
 Subject:                    Dr Clarke - Privaleged Access


 Just a quick response to your enquiry as to whether Dr Clarke would be able to obtain privaleged access to the fi les
 containing the information he has requested on UFO's_

 Since many of the vast number of files involved will contain personal details of those who have reported seeing a
 UFO we would have to deny Dr Clarke privaleged access under Article 14 of the Code of Practice on Access to
 Government lnfonnation, which makes it our duty to protect the anonymity of those mentioned in the files_

 Sanitising the quantity of documents concerned would be a massive job thus if he suggested we do that to allow him
 a look at the files he wants, we could refuse him under Article 9 - Voluminous Requests.

 The only thing I can suggest is that Dr Clarke refine his request somewhat, allowing staff to perhaps sanitise a more
 manageable numbe r of documents_

 I hope this helps.


 L£Cdl:S: . 12   1
e
SEC(AS)2A

From:                          OMD14
Sent:                          03 October 2000 17:22
To:                            SEC(AS)2A
Subject:                       Dr Clarke: Privaleged Access


Sorry to have missed this point out in my original Email. The Data Protection Act legally forbids us from violating the
anonymity of those persons whose details are contained in our files.

This supersedes the Code. It basically amounts to the same thing as exemption 14 except it is enshrined in law and
not merely a guideline.

Apologies for neglecting to mention this earlier.


NH617 -


                                                                             ~vJt-) ~~~o{

    ~ l:tc (Af). ~ tk))t...o{ ·,.~ (                                                                l.d~
    ~ ]:)II· ClGfA.Mt.               tJ..J.. r)_   ~ k_ C+V       fL_   ~~ ~ ~ ~ !           Oc.J

                        .                                                       '
     (,9~           ~           ~                                               W11l~


     p~ 1-UlMJ              CtN" c.e.r.


      0 l(w       ( ';. ,. w J~t)r cf"            ~.J-> j:?. 11j ct &w 1»~ -lt4 1a..oo
     ~ ~              ~~~                     o{- fiA +:tt ~ ~ Pt<..o ~ S~h'Jt~ /co\j ~
                                                                                         ...
               , , ;)u_ axtr~tn b&· 'f    "-~                                          wH~A            ~ ~~
        nevo a-~·
              I         ---l
                         ··-


         c~ <~ .(· ~«..V r:jJ.A J '-1-(..cJr
                                ('

                               j./0·0'0·


                                                              1
'                                                                             ..·· ·:~ .~ . . ·-:... -..::• ~ ~
                                                                                                   ...        ...~


    LOOSE MINUTE

    D/DAS(Sec)/64/3

    2 October 2000

    Hd ofDRl

    copy to:
    OMD14

    DR CLARKE'S REQUEST FOR ACCESS TO FILES- UFO's

    Reference:
    A. D/PUS/23/7 (1301) dtd 12 Jan 00
    B. DR/3/7/8 dtd 6 Sep 00
    C. D Info(Exp)R/3/7/8 dtd 25 Sep 00

    1. Thank you for your minute at Reference C. On the basis of the advice
    contained in that minute and our subsequent telephone conversation I attach
    a draft letter to Dr Clarke. I should appreciate receiving further advice and
    comments in view of the fact that the reply concerns your own area of
    expertise rather than Secretariat (Air Staff) (now DAS(Sec)) procedure.

    2. I suggest it would be advisable to employ a consistent approach in our
    reply to Dr Clarke in making offers of either sanitising records or applying
    for release in advance of 30 years. Dr Clarke has already been made aware
    of the Department's ability to sanitise files, in a Sec(AS) letter to him dated
    25 July. I suggest an offer (in relation to BJ 5/311) to apply for early release
    of one file alone, an action that would take almost three months, might not
    be seen as being particularly helpful.

    3. I assume the cost of sanitising and photocopying material will be £15.00
    per hour (or part thereof) over and above the first four hours, as stipulated in
    the DCI. However, I would appreciate OMD 14 1s conformation on that
    point in view of the cost levied                 which was abated by 50o/o as
    a gesture of goodwill (Reference A). I suggest we might also want to
    consider the nature of our response in the unlikely event that Dr Clarke
    offers to pay a substantial sum of money in order to have the fi]es copied!
    Perhaps OMD would advise in slower time.
4. Dr Clarke's throw-away mention of "additional policy files 1968-81" in
his question 4 appears to refer, on the evidence of your further research
(Reference B), to some 80 additional files. You do not advise on that point
but it seems reasonable to assume it constitutes a voluminous request and I
have worded my draft accordingly. Perhaps OMD 14 would confirm his
contentment with that approach. I suggest we might then offer him the list
of file titles from which he might choose a small number (OMD 14 and DRl
how many?) to be sanitised and copied for him.

5. We must reply to Dr Clarke by the end of this week. I would, therefore,
be grateful if you would let me have your amendments and additions by
1400 Tuesday 3 October. An alternative would be for us to meet, discuss
options and redraft the reply and I would be very happy to come over to
GSY in order to accomplish the task. Perhaps you would telephone me and
let me know what you think.

5. Finally, I am in the process of enquiring with the Air Historical Branch
about privileged access as defined in Chapter 3 of JSP 400 (as suggested by
DDC&L (F&S) Legal). Such access may not be appropriate but it seems
reasonable to at least ask the question. Unfortunately I may not have an
answer in time to influence this reply to Dr Clarke but I shall inform you
when I do.
•
    DRAFT reply to Dr Clarke

    I am writing further to my letter of29 September in which I indicated that I
    hoped to be able to reply to you in greater detail during the course of the first
    week in October.

    Towards the end of your own letter of 4 September you summarised your
    request for access to information under the Code of Practice on Access to
    Government Information, asking five main questions. I shall answer these in
    the order they were asked.

    • DSIIJTIC Report No 7 Unidentified Flying Objects (1952) and
      related intelligence reports on UFOs 1951-52- I can confirm that a
      review of the closed files has taken place but none were found to contain
      the report you seek. As a consequence of this, and earlier searches which
      failed to locate the report, we conclude that it has not survived the
      passage oftime. (Question: can we just say destroyed?) However, this
      latest review identified a number of 'UFO' related papers and copies of
      these papers may be made available to you at your request, as I shall
      explain below.

    • BJ 5/311 Records of the Meteorological Office, Unidentified Flying
      Objects: meteorological aspects, 1968-79- The file contains some 300
      enclosures, mostly letters to and from members of the public, and is due
      for release to the Public Records Office in January 2001. You may wish
      to view the file at that time but, should you not wish to wait, it would be
      possible to sanitise the documents and supply copies to you (see below).

    • AIR 2/18564 Air Ministry/MOD, 'UFO' Report West Freugh 1957-
      1971 - This file is for release in January 2002. In the meantime it would
      be possible to sanitise the dozen or so pages before containing personal
      details, photocopying the full number of around 50 and supplying you
      with those copies (see below).
•
    • AF/3459/75      'UFOs': Policy and policy statements 1970- This file
      contains a very small number, perhaps six, to be sanitised. It would be
      possible to photocopy the file and provide you with photocopies (see
      below).

    • Additional policy files 1968-81 - Our researches suggest this may
      represent around 80 files. There will be a matter ofthousands
      (Question: can we quote an approximate figure?) of documents on
      these files including many containing personal details that would require
      sanitising before copies might be released. This is because, as mentioned
      in our letter of25 July, the MOD has a duty to protect third party
      confidentiality over a 30-year period. In order to sanitise the likely
      number of papers and photocopy the full contents of all the files, staff
      would need to be diverted from their essential defence-related tasks.
      Your request in relation to the policy files 1968-81 is therefore refused
      under Exemption 9 of the Code of Practice on Access to Government
      Information (voluminous or vexatious requests and Exemption 12,
      Privacy of an individual). Were you able to be more specific about dates
      this would enable us to consider a more focussed effort on a limited
      amount of material. I attach a list of the files and their titles. If you wish
      to identify (Question: Number?) of files we would be able to sanitise
      and photocopy the contents. If you are unhappy with the decision to
      refuse your request for access to those MOD files and wish to appeal, you
      should write in the first instance to the Ministry of Defence, DOMD,
      Room 619, Northumberland House, Northumberland Avenue, London
      WC2N 5BP requesting the decision be reviewed. Iffollowing the
      internal review you remain dissatisfied you can ask your MP to take up
      the case with the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration (the
      Ombudsman) who can investigate on your behalf. The Ombudsman will
      not, however, consider an investigation until the internal review process
      has been completed.

    • AIR 20/12556 'UFO' reports January 1974 (additionally AIR
      2/18873)- File AIR 20112556 is not a 'UFO file. (Would it be
      disingenuous of us to fail to mention AF/584 UFO reports January
      1974? If so I suggest the following.) AF/584 contains UFO reports for
      January 1974 amounting to some 100 enclosures. AIR 2/18873 contains
      public enquiries amounting to some 109 enclosures. It would be possible
      to sanitise and photocopy the contents of both files (see below).
•
    As I mentioned in my letter of29 September, the Ministry ofDefence is
    bound by the Code of Practice on Access to Govermnent Information. This
    means that we are committed to providing you with the information you
    require, as long as it is not exempted under the Code. However, to ensure
    this does not create an extra burden on the taxpayer, we have a charging
    regime for more complicated requests. If a request is likely to require over
    four hours' work, each hour's work over four hours (or part thereof) is
    charged at £15.00 per hour. Our estimate is that we will have to charge you
    £X (Question: please estimate cost, and perhaps timescale to accomplish
    the task) in order to sanitise and copy the papers referred to in your major
    questions (excluding material included in the "additional policy files 1968-
    81 "). I would be grateful for confirmation that you wish to proceed with this
    enquiry and that you are willing to meet this charge. If the cost of obtaining
    the information is likely to be significantly greater than our estimate
    suggests we will contact you again before proceeding further. (Question:
    are we able to copy the full 600 enclosures, or thereabouts, contained in
    the files referred to in the 5 questions excluding the reference to policy
    files 1968-81, or may we tell Dr Clarke it would be a voluminous
    request? If that is the case I suggest our offer might be to request him
    to wait till January 01 for BJ/ 5/311 but offer to copy the remaining 300
    enclosures. We do have, of course, to consider our answer alongside
    any offer we may make in respect of copying a small num her of the
    policy files from 1968-81.)

    (Question: I am not sure how to answer the third paragraph of Dr
    Clarke's letter. I believe one of the points he is trying to make is why
    files that contain material that is not subject to confidentiality may not
    be opened to the public. Perhaps you would add a short paragraph as
    Dr Clarke will, I am sure, light on files with titles such as "UFOs BBC
    Radio Oxford Programme" in the list of policy files and wonder why
    they may not be released!)
                                                                                                          tf

                           From:                DAS 4a(Sec)
                             MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                                 Secretariat (Air Staff)
                         Room 8243, Main Building, Whitehall
                               LONDON SWIA 2HB

                             Telephone (Direct dial)
                                   (Switchb~OOO
                                        (Fax-

                                      FAX MESSAGE

TO: Hd of AHB-

SUBJECT: Privileged access to files- Dr Clarke

DATE: 29 Sep 00

NUMBER OF PAGES INCLUDING THIS COVER: 4


Following my telephone call to your office, I attach a ''sample" letter from Dr Clarke who wishes to
gain access for research purposes to a range of files on Unidentified Flying Objects that are currently
closed to the public under the 30 year rule protecting confidentiality of personal details.

Earlier in the summer (F&S) Legal alerted this Directorate to the fact that there was a provision,
administered by yourselves, to award a special dispensation from disclosure practice to enable
privileged access to bona fide historical researchers (JSP 400 paragraph 3.23).

In advance of consulting with DOMD and DR I would be grateful for your advice concerning what you
would regard as bona fide historical research and whether you consider Dr Clarke might merit such
access, on the basis of the information available to us in the attached letter.
         ·'


                                       - :·\ AUG2000
                             :.l. ;-,--~· . . . .. ··~--~·-'·'-"-.,..--.-J
                               ~~ :.----


                                                                                       1 August, 2000
                      Your reference: D/Sec(AS)64/3


                      Dear

                     Many thanks for your detailed letter of25 July with reference to my request to view
                     MOD fi{es relating to 'unidentified flying objects.'

                      Firstly, I realise your staff have many other more pressing defence-related duties and I
                      apologise if my request has added to that burden. I contacted the Freedom of
                      Information office on 20 July inquiring as to what had become of my original request,
                      simply because I was concerned that my letter had gone astray, or had been sent to the
                      wrong department, as I had not at that stage received an acknowledgement. Almost
                      immediately I received your acknowledgement in the post, and would like to make it
                      clear that I have always been satisfied with the helpful and detailed responses received
                      from the MOD's Secretariat (Air Stafi) on the occasions I have·contacted your
                      department in the past.

                                      With regards to my request to view files, I accept that my request for access to files
                                      covering the period 1969 to present was a little ambitious in terms of staff time. From
                                      your response, it appears that the main obstacle preventing the use of these files for
                                      research projects such as my own is the Exemption 9 in the Code of Practice which
                                      relates to Privacy of the individual. You say you receive up to 400 sighting reports
                                      each year and a similar number of letters, but I wonder if you could specifY how many
' .. --·; .. ·. ::.,_ ~-.:. -..:.<::. ofthe-.individuals·-who .contact the dep'artment·in:canyoite year~have requested 'fliii"ih:eti>'.'~ ;:~~; '-' ,;"' . ·'; il •·•:·•:,,:...
                                      personal details should remain confidential for 30 years? From cursory viewing of the · :. :., ·
                                      files which are available at the PRO relating to the period before 1969, I cannot recall
                                      finding one single request of this kind, and indeed many of the sightings and letters
                                      relate to events which are already in the ''public domain", for example have already
                                      been reported in newspapers and other media.

                      While I would question the basis upon which my request has been refused> I do not
                      wish to add to your administrati~e-b\lrden by-asking for a review or involving my MP · ·
                      at thi_s stage. I would be more happy to take up your offer of help to locate "a more
                      limited amount of material" which might falJ within the terms of your Code of Practice
                      for Access to Government Information. I would be happy to guided by yourself as to
                      what you feel would be a reasonable request for access to a "limited amount" of
                      material.

                      Further to your offer, firstly I would like to point out that my research is not
                      specifically concerned with the details of individual ''UFO sightings" reported • by
•   individuals to the MOD. I am more interested in studying the evolution of how the old
    Air Ministry, and later the MOD, dealt with these kind of inquiries, how policy on this
    subject was formulated, and how that policy has been influenced by specific incidents,
    Government policy, Parliamentary questions, scientific opinion and the media.

    To this end, I have found the material in the Defence Intelligence Staff registered files
    particularly of interest. Of the two files currently available at the PRO, DEFE 31/118
    (UFO policy 1953-63) and DEFE 31/119 (UFO Policy 1967) contain precisely the
    category of information I am seeking: for example internal memorandums, draft policy
    documents etc. There is little, if any, correspondence from the public contained within
    these files which fall within Exemption 12 (Privacy) or the exemptions relating to
    national security. Further to this detail, I would like to apply for access to the sequence
    of files which follow DEFE 31/119 and which presumably relate to UFO policy,
    between the years 1968 and 1981. This request relates to specific files, falling within a ."-
    specified-period of time, so you may feel it would be worthwhile employing a more ·
    focussed search to retrieve and scrutinise these papers on my behalf

    In terms of Air Staff files relating to sighting/s reported by the general public, the one
    specific file I wish to view relates to UFO/unidentified aircraft sightings reported to the
    MOD during the month ofJanuary 1974. Following the file sequence at the PRO I
    suspect this file would be be found at the reference Air 20/12556 (Air 20/12555 relates
    to December 1973).

    I would also like to apply for access to a file produced by the Meteorological Office
    for the MOD, reference BJ 5/311 titled ''Unidentified Flying Objects: meteorological
    aspects" which relates to the period 1968-1970. This file is due to be opened at the
    PRO on 1 January 2001.

    From my research into historical files at the Public Record Office, I suspect there may
    also be memoranda and reports relating to UFOs in the 1950s hidden witli}he Defence
    Intelligence Files, class numbers DEFE 44/1 and DEFE 21, and I have contacted the
    MOD Departmental Record Officer separately Mth a request for access to this
    material. DEFE 44 containS papers from as fuback as t946,-tiut these remaiil
    classified because the file also contains material from 1991. I would like to request
    access to the block of files and memoranda which relate to the period 1946 to 1969,
    which should be available for scrutiny under the Freedom of Information Act.

    I hope you will feel it is possible to allow me to have access to at least some of the
    material specified in this letter, for use in what is a bona fide academic research
    programme. I would be happy to meet any reasonable costs incurred as a result of this
    application, and would be willing to sign any undertakings related to Data Protection
    or Official Secrets which you might feel appropriate. In addition, I will be happy to
    provide the MOD with a copy of my completed research paper, which I plan to publish
    via the National Centre for English Cultural Tradition at the University of Sheffield.

    In making this request, I am simply responding to the Government's and the MOD's
    own stated manifesto pledge to "establish a general statutory right of access to official
    records and through culture change throughout the public sector" (MOD website).
    This laudable aim will only be seen to working in practise if reasonable requests for
                                                       access to non-sensitive material, a category I feel my request falls within, are
                                                       successful. This touches upon the discussion I mentioned I had with the MODIRAF
                                                       Press Office in January this year, when I tried to follow up a story in the national Press
                                                       which suggested that all files relating to UFOs were soon to be released to the PRO. I
                                                       was told at that time by_the duty Press Officer that the former minister Peter Kilfoyle
                                                       had indeed expressed the opinion that there was no good reason for keeping files
                                                       related to UFOs restricted for 30 years. He said release of UFO data was likely to be a
                                                       priority following "a review of the files." There was, I was told, "a general move
                                                       within the department to give out information that is not security sensitive and take
                                                       away the myth of secrecy that surrounds this subject."

                                                        I hope we will be able to reach an agreement on access to the limied amount of files
                                                        specified in this letter, and that this application will not be too onerous upon your
                                                        departme~t's time.


                                                       I am copying this reply to-            t OMD/AD, Room 617, Northumberland
                                                       House, so that he is aware that I am happy with the expeditious and helpful way you
                                                       have dealt with my inquiry.


:.-":.:,.·-. ··:· ~-= ~\· :.":¥·.·:.... . ~:·..-- ~;: ••. :·. ... .-- . • •,. - -:- ' :- - .-. :.-


                                                                                                     ;.:
•
    • *************** -COMM. JOURNAL- ******************* ~TE 29-SEP-2000 ***** TIME 15:21 *** P.01

         MODE • MEMORY TRANSMISSION                                        START:29-SEP 1s: as                END=<29-SEP 15:21
             FILE NO . = 231
     STN NO.       COM       ABBR NO.          STATION NAME/TEL.NO.               PAGES       DURATION
       001         634       Iii


                                                                                     -SECRETARIAT CAIR STAFF)             -

     ************************************ -                                     - ***** -                                     *********


                                              From·                      DAS 4a(Sec)
                                                MINISTRY                 DEFENCE
                                                 Secretariat (Air Staff)
                                          Room 8243, Main Building, Whitehall
                                                     LONDON SWIA 2HB


                                                       FAX MESSAGE

                TO: Hd or ARB-

                SUBJECT: Privileged access to files- Dr Clarke

                DATE: 29 Sep 00

                NUMBER OF PAGES INCLUDING THIS COVER: 4


                Following my telephone call to your office, I attach a "sample" letter from Dr Clarke who wishes to
                gain access for research purposes to a range of files on Unidentified Plying Objects tbat are cutTcntly
                closed to dw public under the 30 ye;~r rule prote<:ting con!idcnlialily of personal details.

                Earlier in the summer (F&S) Legal alerted this Dircctorarc lO the 13ct that there was a provision,
                administered by yourselves, to award a special dispcru;ation from disclOS\Jre practice to enable
                privileged aa:ess to bona fide hisroricai researchers (JSP 400 paragraph 3.23).

                In advance of consulting with DOMD and DR I would be gratefu! for your advice concerning what you
                would regard llS bona tide historical research and whether you consider Dr Clarke might merit such
                access. on the basis or the information available lo us in the attached letter.
•                      From;
                       MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                                                    DAS 4a(Sec)
                                                                                                >'
                                                                                                J,


                       Room 8245, Main Building, Whitehall, London, SW1A 2HB
                                                                  Telephone     (Direct dial)
                                                                                (Switchboard)
                                                                                (Fax)
                                                                                                 ....0171 218 2140
                                                                                                     0171 218 9000


    Dr David Clarke                                                  Your Reference

                                                                     Our Reference
                                                                     DIDAS(Sec)/64/3
                                                                     Date
                                                                     29 September 2000


    Dear Dr Clarke,

    Thank you tor your letter of 4 September in which you further refined your request for
    information addressing your letter to the Secretariat (Air Stafl). I should explain the Secretariat
    has now merged with Directorate Air Staff and, as a result, Secretariat (Air Staff)2 is now titled
    DAS 4(Sec), as appears in the heading to this letter.

    In her letter of 23 August,~entioned she hoped to be able to give you a progress report
    by the end of September and so I am writing to you at this time. I am pleased to say that we have
    identified most of the files mentioned in the major queries raised in your letter. I think you wi!J
    understand the reference in your fourth question to "additional policy files 1968-81" might
    encompass a considerable body of papers and that has indeed turned out to be the case.

    l am at present speaking with Defence Records in order to identify material that may be made
    available to you within the Department's reasonable resources, for which there may be a charge.
    The Ministry of Defence is bound by the Code of Practice on Access to Government Information.
    This means that we are committed to providing you with the information you require, as long as it
    is not exempted under the Code. However, to ensure this does not create an extra burden on the
    taxpayer, we have a changing regime for more complicated requests. If a request is likely to
    require over four hours' work, each hour's work over four hours (or part thereof) is charged at
    £15 .00 per hour. I shall estimate the charge, if one is likely, when I next write to you.


    Yours sincerely,
                                                     ,.--
                                                        \ 0


'                                                             Dr David Oarke


                                                                                                                     · . · ; ·..


              Secretariat(Air Staf1)2                                                     ....~ ....:. . . ·---~ -·'.:. •~- ......... :: . .: ..:~.--?;
              Ministry of Defence
              Room8247
              Main Building
              Whitehall
              London SWlA 2HB                                 4 September 2000

              Your reference: D/Sec(AS)64/3


              -
              Thank you for your letter of 23 August referring to my requests for access to
              UFO-related MOD files, addressed to Sec (AS)2 an<i the MOD Record Officer.

               Firstly, let me assure you that other than the four letters you mention, addressed to Sec
               (AS)2 and the Record Officer I have not made any additional requests to other parts of
               the MOD for access to UFO-related files. For your information, I contacted the MOD
               Records Officer directly and separately because I was advised to do so by staff at the
               Public Records Office. I had asked the PRO for help in determining the specific closure
    1/         period and content of certain Defence Intelligence files retained by th~ MOD under
               Section 3(4) of the Public Record Act 1967 which I wished to access under the
               Freedom of Information legislation. Staff advised that I should contact the MOD
               Record Officer directly, and provided an address for me to do so. As my request for
             _...,access related to "historical" files - dating from 1950-1971 - I felt this would not fall
         v     within the remit of Sec (AS) 2.

              Secondly, thankyou for explaining the MOD's policy relating to the 30-year retention
              of files and the duty which the Department has to protect the confidentiality of
              employees and third parties. I did misunderstand the general policy, and fully accept
              your reasoning, as it is strictly applied under present legislation. However, my point
              was that confidentiality should only extend to material which is not already in the
              public domain - hence my comment upon the many UFO reports on file at the MOD
              which have already been the subject of publicity in newspapers, TV etc and where the
              identity of observers is known and their views have been quoted in the media (a
              number of whom, for example RAF air crews, are ex-MOD employees!). For this
              reason I find it difficult to und~rstand why files which ~9Jl•)argely of newspaper
              cuttings (for example Air 2/18871-4) should remam··iclosed:.for 30 years ifthe MOD
              wishes "to encourage more open and accountable governrt1ent by establishing a general
              statutory right of access to official records and through culture change throughout the
              public sector" (MOD website - Freedom of Infonnation).
  '              That caveat aside, I do understand and sympathise with the MOD's position on the
                 subject ofUFOs. My ongoing research into the social history of the subject at the PRO
                 and the British Library has demonstrated how dealing with inquiries about UFOs has
                 become an on-going public relations problem for your staff dating back to the early
                 50s. On the subject of''UFOs" themselves, I completely concur with the MOD's
                 conclusions that the vast majority - if not all - observations can be explained as
                 misindentifications of natural phenomena, balloons, planets and stars etc. However, the
                 ongoing 'will to believe' in the existence of 'exotic' UFOs intruding into UK airspace
                 on the part ofUFOlogists and the attitude of the media, which you note observers
                 often seek out to promote their alleged experiences, has meant the UFO myth has
                 continued to develop and will not go away.

                  It is precisely these social and psychological contexts - particularly periods of Press
                  interest and Parliamentary Questions - which I am examining as part of my on-going
                [ research based at the National Centre for English Cultural Tradition and Language,
                  University of Sheffield. The paperwork generated by the various MOD departments
                  which have dealt with the UFO issue - both in terms of public and internal policy -
                  since 1950 are a crucial source of information for my project, hence my request for
                  access to documents which currently fall within the 30 year rule.

                 I am grateful that you are taking the trouble to retrieve and review the UFO-related
                 files to which I have requested access, and look forward to your progress report at the
                 end of September.

                 In the meantime, as new information has come to light I am now in a position to be
                 more specific in terms of my request for access to files addressed to the MOD Record
                 Officer on 27 July and 7 August. I am now able to precisely specifY the name and
                 what I suspect to be the current location of the file/s to which I referred in my earlier
                 requests to the Record Officer. The document I am seeking is known as DSI/JTIC
                 Report No.7 on Unidentified Flying Objects. It was created in 1952 by the 'Flying
                 Saucer Working Party' set up in August 1950 at the request of Sir Henry Tizard.
                 DSUJTIC minutes I have viewed at the Public Record Office (DEFE 4174-76)
                 demonstrate that the Working Party consisted of representatives from DSTI, ADNI
                 (Tech), MI 10 and ADI (Tech). Report No 7 is referred to in a minute of? October
                 1952 and is listed on a register ofDSUJTIC reports in DEFE 41176 (see enclosed,
                 Attachment A). However, the document is missing from the DSUJTIC reports and
                 papers which are contained within DEFE 152-54. This is not because the file has been
                 destroyed, but rather because it was "retrieved" (moved to another file?) by a member
                 of the DSTI branch, DIS5, in December 1967. In evidence for this assertion, I attach a
                 copy (enclosed, Attachment B) of an internal memo, copied from PRO file Air
                 2/18117, where JE Dickison ofDI55 states that: "we [DI55] have recovered all but
                 two of the Metropole (ie Intelligence) files on UFOsfor the period 1951-2... we
                 consider that the report DSIIJTIC Report No. 7 Unidentified Flying Objects covers
                 the situation as a whole for such activity at that time."

                    It is accepted that all files and papers relating to UFOs have been permanently
'I"' u '""(,(. --'>preserved by the MOD from 1967 at the request of the Secretary of the State for
                     Defence. Attachment B demonstrates that DSIIJTIC Report No 7 existed in 1967, and
                     should therefore still exist today if that policy has been followed. I would suggest a
'                 copy of the report will be found in the DIS/DSTI Intelligence Papers from the period
                  1967-70 (possibly DEFE 31/19,64 and/or DEFE 44/1 ), which cover the period during
                  which it was ' retrieved' by 0155. Further copies may well exist in other MOD
                  departments, and I would be surprised if even today Air Staff are not aware of this
                  document, as its conclusions (that UFOs do not exist) appear to form the origin of the
                  MOD's policy on UFOs from 1952 right up to the present day!                            L      t
                                                                                                           / ud::      f
                  As the original report was created in 1952, it should be available for public scrutiny     ~+v("-J?J ·
                  under the 30 year rule and I request access to a copy of this document plus any        .             / ,\
                  attached appendices under the~~~ Act. - (. s:A'"\.ff ""- lr (S 1 I f ~''· &' 09t Cfcl_;

                  To summarise my request for access to UFO-related documents, set out in my letters
                  to the MOD Record Officer on 27 July and 7 August and to Sec (AS) 2 of 1 and 11
                  August, these are:
flf{C)lj~~ (
   ~              1.      DSVJTIC Report No 7, Unidentified Flying Objects (1952), plus related
               .J Intelligence teports on UFOs, 1951-2 (see attachment).

               J 2.      BJ 5/311      Records of the Meteorological Office. Unidentified Flying
                  Objects: meteorological aspects, 1968-1970

                r1 3.    Air 2118564     Air Ministry/MOD. UFO Report: West Freugh, 1957-1971

                J 4.     AF/3459175
                    UFOs: Policy and Policy Statements 1970. This file plus
ouh~, ~nal~cy file~__I968-1981 .                             ---
~u
                  5.     Air 20/12556 (?)UFO reports January 1974 (additionally Air 2118873 may
                  contain information relevant to reports in this month.)

                  I feel this is a reasonable request for access to MOD documents under the terms of the
                  draft Freedom of Information Act. Based upon the knowledge I already have
                  pertaining to their contents, there is nothing contained within these documents which
                  could conceivably compromise national security, or the privacy of individuals,
                  -~~!.P..~~~--~~~~~~~~~~
                  I would be happy to pay any reasortable charges for access to this material, and wish to
                  thankyou in advance for your efforts to retrieve and review these documents.

                  I look forward to hearing from you.


                  Yours sincerely,


                  DrD.W
Referenc~: (-} /                        J< ?-, I/!{; J} f-                                                  CM GUIDE                        I          II             21             3I              41                          INCH GUIDE                         I                                 1   I
lloiJ <lhk• "'"" M W~ ..,., ,.,...,_.,.,_, svh/~~~ /a ""·" ""f'f!rltitl r~>lrie/1'!"" («< h/toy·j_ ""-~ Mf'~-' <>~W MMt b/dtt tl~tf" AI,_ plwtM;t>f!l"' fflpp/IM h,.th~ R~,.,...,grapltk~ IN~/ I" "''f""U<' Ia tit# w-tkr"""' h~ wuJ ""~ ft>r f"""'M~J <>f~N<#dl. ptto.a~ stru4o tr/rtcal
'"'~"'          .. .,..,.,,.,.,~- , .. "{~,;tiM fi..in•ITvffl"""'" '%"""",;"" ~~ ~ """''"' lr'•-~,.. ••e~tViltlf lb tOUh11<:11<>" "' f"'l"""l~t <>rttflriftfllltt rurminmin<>. ..IPf111cn#muf"r ptmr~M.rl<lll {oF"":"<>,..,~~~ slto>Jid!Jf <>Jm.fJ.oM ro /lit I'll() r,.~ 1)/ortJIY htft'l~•:m IJ/IIt~


"'.'"          •   -,.,., n{n:r:n><h m  t~t l'~hlit   R«:nrdOfPct m,.,.. bt(rl"l(.' cnpyr•glrl. 1'/,t  ,.//rt<';n.-1~"-:1<1
                                                                                                                ;, t!tt          r~Mk Rr~miOJJk<
                                                                                                                                            """Cn>Yn ('"Wif!hl.        •·isblnfl"'-~"-'"""            ~.pr~Xiw:;
                                                                                                                                                                                                 t!tt ,.,,,,;a/l<>tron.<r:ripl. '"""'"''"" « f«simllt l.f .....,.,.ulblt ftv ;,k,.tifo/ng rM cwrmr
« r>                 .~nbt, lnilor t>T pllio/t.<h l..jnrmDIMnfr""' {ro..., '""'~'flM public N'trml• "'I<> ""'h }UFtA"' CDf#"fi"mn &loci <Nt<l ~<hilt ~r>pi<IOjth<"'- Tltt 1'/IQ ("<>PJ'f'lflhl OJ!ktr or I// f"'<'"i<k               fi""'""
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ;,.~r>/Hm llf'<>'l ,.,.,.,., .


,...,...,..,., ""l~r '""'' a<td ~...Jitin>t< "'' ""' ttl><>•"'· .....r •ll•rl"<.,.d •~ rll• R•r""R:"p/1/r.• &f'<""'"''"' •·I// ~- '"'''"''''"Am~«<'I''"' lA"" h. I' ••!row <>fhm'in!f "'""'" nqDut f"'" '"'''" A"V'"'I""'" """ ~'" ""' 1""'"'"'/~,/.-nfr ,..;,A r~ r.~IJ<: ll.r.:rwiOJ!Ir. Rr1""t''r /n
 J.op.f ""' w/.thlu «cr<f'/ ><«:~                                ~l~m <"f'l<flmmrt~nir/1•. rro~r/>• p<~Cltd,
                                   ,.,..,_, •m<f nmi/1/I<>II.T m"<l            ttl/                                         h ""V "'""'·'nffn;,~"lf / ..M{<>f<hll•-.••· 11.. <"-"""''' •·ill hr ,/umr,/1# ""'"' <><:U/'f<d lhriF rdll< R<<"<.,-<111{fkt ''""' rtndr<>>ttflllt>"~ i(rrl/ r<rrJ<.<""' ""'"TI~m:-:r:./f.:.


         1.   Further to your M7, we have recovered all but two of the
         'Metrornle' (ie Intelligence) files nn UFOs f~r the period
         19'51-2.
         ;0 • The files examined indicate tllat Topcliffe-Meteor incident,
         which 0CCL<rreo d11ring the NATO Exercise i·.'tAINBHACE, was typical
         nf reports ab0ut such aircraft at that time.         (The Meteor
         WRB being extensively operated in a variety nf rnles and was
         the first UK jet tn be so deployed).
         3.   As regards t:,e partic11lar incident the 'object' only
         apreared tn come from the aircraft.     There is no specific
         evidence in the files examl.ned so far, that tlle object tracked
         or came from the aircraft.     In fact, the tra,ject ory of"th_e__
         apparent ob,iect was nDt established in absolute terms and thus
         typical questions such as true range have not been answered.

         4.   We consider that the report DSI/JTIC Report No 7             L
         Unidentified Fl.YingObjecte covers the situation as a whole, lif8[D"'
         such activity at that time.    Similar remarks apply to the
         observed radar anomi.lies which occurred at that time.


                                                                                                                              ( J • C . DICKISON )
                                                                                                                              DI55
                                                                                                                              RC,OM 4/'58 EXT '5230
                                                                                                                              Metropole Building
                                                                                                                              13th December 1967
                                                                                                                     PUBLIC RECORD OFFICE
                                                                                                                                                                                                      2

                                                                 Please note that this copy Is_ supplte~ su 1ect to ~h~u1'erm and Conditions of supply of Public Records' leaflet displayed at and available
                                                                                                                           b ic e        ce's terms and con 1t1ons and that your use of It may be subject to
                                                               copyright restrictions. Further mformation Is g 1venIn           s     h' Ord .          I r
                                                                                                                    rrom the Reprograp 1c:    enng coun e .


    ,/,t
    ,.                               ...
                                                                                                                                                                         ·-"%cYt.!C;   -·=

                                     •


                                                                                                                                                                              ~-~

                         Report No,                                                                               Subject                                                          Security
                                                                                                                                                                                    Class'n
               DSI Report No, 21                                          Leningrad Physico-TGchnic3l Institute,
                                                                                                                                                                                       SECRET
                    II          II                        II
                                                                22        Soviet Impressions o~ tho XVIII,
                                                                                                                                                                                       SECRET
                                                                          International Physiological Conference,
                    II          II                        If
                                                                23       Science in France.
                                                                                                                                                                                       SECRET
                    "           "                         II
                                                                24       Wind 1unnels in tho U.S.S,H.
                                                                                                                                                                               TOP SECRET
                                                                                                                                                                               DISCR~
                   II
                                "                     II
                                                               25        Scienti~ic RosBarch Work of To, IT, I.E.L.
                                                                                                                                                                              RESTRICTED
                                                                         by Eng, S. M, Gortinskiy Elc,J:triclw:oJkiytJ
                                                                         Stantsiyi No, 12,1950.
                   II         II                      II
                                                               26       Gener:ll Bockground Informn t ion c'lJtn ined
                                                                        from Germon Scientists cmd En''incors re-
                                                                        turned from Russia JnnuC~ry, 1951.
                II            II                      II
                                                               27       Mi:l j or-General ,,ndroi Grigorievich
                                                                        Kostikov,                                                                                            CONFIDENTIAL
               II          II                        II        28
               II          II                        If
                                                               29      RUS-2 and Dumbo Pulse widths
                                                                         measuromunts,                                                                                       TOP SECRET
               II          II                        If
                                                               30      Physics Institute 1/N P. N, J,,;i;c,:L,:'.;,
                                                                        •cnder·rly o-P  "cl' \~"llCG 'LJ "'u. u,      ("h,,·,,+                                                    SECRET
                                                                       i~ (.._~      .L          !.,.)             ~.
                                                                                                              0 ' ]'
                                                                                                                      •     .L u           1.) .... _.

                                                                       Title FLcN).

         DSI/JTIC Hoport
           No, 1.                                                                                                                                                           TOP SECRET
                                                                                                                                                                             illflCREET
              "           2,                    II
                                                                       Gorman C,W, Installations at F :llunh::.";en,                                                        TOP SECRET
                                                                                                                                                                             DISCREET
              II
                          3.                    II
                                                                      Russian V:;lvo List.
                                                                                                                                                                           TOP SECRET
          II
                          4.                "                         Russian Electronics.
                                                                                                                                                                           TOP SEem-
          II
                                            "

          "
            ....          5.

                          6,                "
                                                                      Russian Manuf:::cture of norvo g<Jses r1t
                                                                      BL~ce:t·-~vk:;.


                                                                     Rccolvers in GcrmDn and Hussion Homote
                                                                                                                                                                           TOP SECRET
                                                                                                                                                                            DISC!ET

                                                                     Controlled Missiles,                                                                                        SEC       T
          II
                          7.                "                        Unidenti~ied                        Flyin;l Objects,                                                     SECRET
                                                                                                                                                                             DISCREET
         DSI Translations                                             The plan o~ Scientific Hcsoarch Work of
           No, 1 •                                                                                                                                                        RESTRICTED
                                                                      the ,,cademy o~ Sciences U, S. G. R. and plc1n
                                                                     .of Scienti~ic Cadres for 1950,
         II              2,                II
                                                                     Vestnik Ak,dcinJ.i Kmt 8, 8, S, H. ";u::,'11St,                                                      CONFIDEN~
                                                                     1950.  Conference on StQinlass Steels.
         II
                         3.                II
                                                                    MoscoVl Directory (20th Jan •. 1950) Extract                                                               SECRET
                                                                    of ;,cademiGs Scionti~ic Institutes and
                                                                    Laborlltories.
                                                                                                            - 3 -
                                                                                                            SEcRET


,
•   Loose Minute

    D lnfo(Exp)R/3/7/8

    25 September 2000

    DAS4a(Sec)


    'UFOs' -Dr CLARKE'S REQUEST FOR ACCESS TO FILES


    Reference: A. DR/3/7/8 dated 6 September 2000
                B.   D/Sec(AS)64/3 dated 11 September 2000, together with a letter from
                     Dr Clarke dated 4 September 2000
                C. My email 14 September 2000 12.42
                D. Dr Clarke's letter dated 1 August 2000


    1. Dr Clarke's most recent communication (attached to Ref B) significantly refines
    his early requests for access to files relating to "ufo" matters. I believe that I can now
    update earlier advice to you (Refs A and C).


    2. Dr Clarke identifies five files (or categories of files) he seeks access to:


    (1) DSI/JTIC Report No 7, Unidentified Flying Objects (1952), plus related Intelligence
    reports on UFOs, 1951 - 1952.


    That this report once existed is not disputed. It is documented in a number of pieces
    at the Public Record Office, for example DEFE 10/496 & 497 (both released some
    four years ago). In correspondence Dr C has identified a number of closed
    intelligence files from the PRO catalogue that might contain the report- DEFE 21,
    DEFE 31 /19 & 64 and DEFE 44/1. The closed files have been examined and although
    we are not able to release complete files reviewers did look out for papers relating to
    "ufos". First, the Report No.7 is not on any of these files; second, a few "ufo" related
    papers have been identified. DEFE 31 I 19, out of 108 enclosures some six (dated
    June 1967) concern "ufos". DEFE 44/1 one paper (only) refers to Report No. 7. These
    pages are not sensitive and could be released.


    I BELIEVE THAT THERE IS ONLY ONE OPTION:


    a.   to advise Dr C that a review of the closed files identified by him none contained
         the report he seeks, and


    b. that as a consequence of earlier searches for, and failure to locate, this report we
       conclude that it has not survive the passage of time, but
•   c. our review of these files did identify a number of"ufo" related papers. Copies of
       which can be made available [for a fee?]. I did discuss with a representative of the
       PRO the best method of releasing these papers into the public domain and he
       concurred that providing photocopies by far the best.

    NOTE:

    Although, not referred to in Reference Ban earlier letter ReferenceD sought the
    release of successor files to two files located at the PRO under references DEFE
    31/118 & 119 (former MOD references DISS/40/g/1 Pts 1 & 2). I understand that Pt
    3, whilst in DIS custody and covering the period 1967 to 1971 was destroyed August
    1984, Pts 4, 5 & 6 still survive in the DIS archive and cover the periods 1971- 1996,
    1 996-2000 & 2000 to date. In addition, a large number of "ufo report" files are
    held. Parts 1-9, 21-25, 32 & 33, 34-51, covering the period May 1 975 to date. The
    sample I've seen reveals they mirror Sec(AS) files from the respective period.

    (2) BJ 5/311 Records of Meteorological Office. Unidentified Flying Objects:
    meteorological aspects, 1968- 1970.

    This file is due for release january 2001. It contains more than 280 enclosures, a
    great majority correspondence with members of the public. Two documents will be
    of interest to Dr C; (1) 54f(Air) discussion paper, january 1968, concerning revised
    procedures for dealing with "ufo" reports, and, (2) a submission to PS/USofS(RAF),
    March 1970, re policies and procedures. The S4f(Air) reference AF/X/58/64 cited in
    some correspondence is not identifiable in the PRO catalogue, therefore we must
    conclude that it has not survived the passage of time.

    OPTIONS:

    a.   to sanitise the file of the names and addresses of members of the public would, I
         suggest, be excessive, particularly as accelerated opening action would take
         around three months ie prepare submission to the Lord Chancellor seeking
         closure for one month (legally the shortest period permitted that triggers early
         opening) and then subsequent administrative action by staff at Kew. By which
         time the file would be freely available to researchers at the PRO, or

    b.    to permit Dr C access to the files in advance of the normal release, subject to his
         agreement to treat the information as "in confidence"' until 1 january 2001. Such
         action would normally be confined to researchers engaged on '"official" histories
         ie whose work receives the support of the Cabinet Office, or

    c. with the files imminent release to advise him to "bide his time" until january.

    (3) AIR 2/18564 Air Ministry/MOD. UFO Report: West Freugh, 1957- 1971.
•   File in PRO custody, due for release january 2002. A file of two parts: (1) a DDI Tech
    file from Feb 1957 to August 1958, concerning "Flying Saucers, Parliamentary
    Questions", specifically West Freugh; (2) a S4f(Air) segment from May- Sept 1971,
    concerning the former OiC West Freugh's attempt to obtain permission to discuss
    the West Freugh incident with a researcher.

    OPTIONS:

    a.     although release not due until jan 2002, on this occasion, we could be helpful to
           Dr C by:

    (i)       providing him with a photocopy of the file, about 12 pages out of the
              approximately 50 pages would need to be sanitised to maintain consistency
              with our commitment to protect the name and addresses of members of the
              public until normal release at the 30-year point, or

    (ii)      the file could be sanitised but arrangements could be made to accelerate the
              opening of the file, subject to the Lord Chancellor's approval, and thus
              available to all at the PRO sometime early in the New-Year (see above for
              timings). In this case I believe this the stronger option.

    (4) AF /3459/75 UFOs: Policy and Policy Statements 1970. This file plus additional
    policy files 1 968 - 1 981.

    File recovered from Hayes, covers the period 1970-1975. It includes, policy
    documents, some published articles and pamphlets and an exchange with a college
    engaged in research (perhaps six pages to be sanitised).

    No other "ufo" policy files for the period up to 1981 identified at Hayes.

    OPTIONS:

    a.     provide Dr C with a photocopy of the file, a few pages will need to be sanitised,
           or

    b. the file could be prepared for release in advance of 30-years, as per item 3
       above, but on this occasion action could take longer than six months ie the
       cataloguing along could take a significant time just being processed by the staff
       at Kew.

    NOTE:

    Outstanding to the enquiry, policy files that cover the period up to 1981!
e·
     (S) AIR 20/12556 (?)UFO reports january 1974 (additionally AIR 2/18873 may
     contain information relevant to reports in this month).

     Not with stand ing Dr C's interest in policy matters he appears to have an interest in
     incidents (o r an incident) that took place in january 1974. He identified from the PRO
     catalogue AIR 2/18873 as covering that period and specu lates t hat AIR 20/12556
     might also (piece 12555 relates t o December 19 73).

     Although PRO class AIR 20 currently extends from piece 12566 to 12673 no "ufo"
     files appear within this number ranger S4f(Air) file AF/ 584 UFO Reportsjanuary 1974
     has been locat ed and requi sitioned from Hayes. The file contains 24 folders each
     re lating to a different report (approxi mately 1 00 enclosures). This file together with
     33 other files requisitioned from Hayes are due (or in a few cases overdue) for
     review. At the conclusion of this exercise cataloguing action and subsequent transfer
     to the PRO will take place with a view to release at the normal 30-year point.


     AIR 2/18873 has been requisitioned from the PRO . The piece is due for release
     2005, as it covers the period june 1973 -February 1974 . It con sists of 1 09
     enclosures, all public enquiries,


     OPTIONS:


     a. to sanitise (between them more t han 2 00 enclosure), catalogue (AF / 584) and t he
         corresponding de lay concerning acceptance by the PRO, transfe r and then to
         seek accelerated opening I suggest is not a serious proposition . But rather Dr C
         could be invited to specify his precise area of interest during this period and
         checks against both files could be made.


                                                                    Hd DR 1
                                                                    GSY 1 .0 1 ~
                                                                                                             P;:1ge 1 of I


  SEC(AS)2A
   From:           Hd of DR1
   Sent:           25 September 2000 08:02
   To:             SEC(AS)2A
   Subject: RE: Dr Clarke


                   Thanks.

                   I hope that I will shortly complete a more (!) detailed account of the situation
                   regarding the "historic" "ufo" files Dr C has expressed interest in.

                   I'll expand on my para 2.

               ~
                         -----Original Message-----
                         From: SEC(AS)2A
                         Sent: 22 September 2000 08:23
                         To: Hd ofDRI
                       · Subject: Dr Clarke
                         Importance: High


                        Reference your E-m<lil 14 Sep 13:4). l l k lve l)een llet:Miy 1nvolvecj lhs
                        week 1n otl:er t!1:ngs but ;:m 1 now turning (after tllis <: J rrl) to Dr Clarke.

                        Your pc=1ra 2- wtl,lt does ~Jf('Jntin~d 'speci(:~l' ,::1ccess involve. Who i:-J ssesses
                        til e rncr:ts of rl-,e case. How long woulci conslcjer,:Jt:on take.

                         Speak to you soon. ~


)'-,j ()t.jj()()
                                                                                            P21ge 1 of 1
                                                                                                             ,. . i'" 1 '··~) ;t .... '\•
                                                                                                 . ) ' :""                            · .. "(' :::
                                                                                                 ..
                                                                                            ·. --~

 S!C(AS)2A
                 =-=-=-··=·-- -~-=-
 From:          SEC(AS)2A
 Sent:          22 September 2000 08 :23
 To :           Hd of DR1
 Subject:       Dr Clarke
 Importance: High


                               Jil 14 Sep 13:42. I h<.we been lleavily :nvoivecJ this week in otller
            ;~eference your E-m<
            things l)Ut am now lurning (after tt1:s am) ro Dr Clarke.

            Your para 2- what does granting "special" access involve. Who assesses tile merits of
            the c:1se. How long would consideration rake.

            Speak to you soon.


:22;owoo
                                                                                        ,oage l of I


SEC(AS)2A
From:    Hd of DR1
Sent:    14 September 2000 13:42
To:      SEC(AS)2A
Subject: DR CLARKE'S REQUESTS


Thanks for forwarding Dr Clarke's most recent letter. This does refine his ear lier requests some
what.

I believe that we are some way from providing Dr Clarke with a substant ive reply.

Dr C's "revised shopping list":                                                /b                ~~.

1. The status of this item is the subject of my recent minute to Sec(AS) datec@september. - . - -

2. Due for release in January 2001 . To release earlier would require identification of
correspondence from individuals reporting occurrences and their names and addresses to be
deleted. This will take, say a day or two, and then an application to the Lord Chancellor for
formal release in advance of 30 years which will take around 3 months. Alternatively, we could
allow Dr C "special" access, otherwise he will have to wait until January.

3. I've ordered this from Kew. Assuming no, or relatively few, correspondence from the public
early release ie prior to 2002, could be possible.

4 & 5. I've order 24 files from Hayes covering the period 1971 - 76 ie those which for some
reason are overdue fdr review. Item 4 is included in this batch. Item 5 is a request for reports
covering the period Jan 74. The PRO catalogue quite clearly reveals that AIR 2/12 5 56 is nothing
to do with UFOs, but I note that one file expected from Hayes does cover the period as do two
files at Kew AIR 211 88 73 & 188 7 4 (the former has also been requested from Kew).

Hope that this is helpful?
LOOSE MINUTE


                                    '
   ..    ... ,    '      '
                 -~ ..... t   . ~


11 September 00


OMD14
DRl


UFO FILES - REQUEST BY DR CLARKE

Ref: DR/3/7 /8 dtd 6 Sep 00

1. Thank you for the advice in your minute at Reference.

2. \'\'e have received another letter from Dr Clarke refining his original request. I attach
a copy of this latest letter for your records. I am in the process oflooking at your advice
and Dr Clarke's most recent request to see if we arc now able to give him a substantive
reply.


DAS 4a (Sec)
I\.ffi8243
•   Loose Minute


    DR/3/7/8
                                                                                                              A~·\~ A.o~ ~
                                                                                   Clc- D, ctcl-...Q ~lr. '(Jv.h
                                                                                   ~:;, ~ be.
                                                                                   ~ ,~~LtJ.
    6 September 2000


                                                                                                                                                                                             (filfiZ!J
    AD /Sec(AS)2
                                                                                                                                                       ~ --·


    Copy to:
                                             ~I                               .J     t   ·."   ' '   /
                                                                                                         ,·
                                                                                                                                     _\ :~ _l ~-;- ( ~.... _; ~--

                                      .. -   ' . > - -~- _-:          .~---~'"'

                                                                                                                                  t;-t
                                                                                                                                                   .                       . 'l    J
                                                                                                                                               Jr ~i /_-·-r~ /~·<;-- ~-.. <-::t / / ,;
                                                                                                                                                                                   ?J6 '
                                                                                                                                                                                        •.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      9-)>'
    OMD14                                        ---C /
                                                  --·- --. -- .····
                                                                      c ·-f;~                                                                                            \ ....                                           t
                                                                                                                           I·
                                                                                                               ....... __ ! ...

    ~uFOs"- DR CLARKE'S REQUEST FOR ACCESSS TO FILES                                                                                     ' •   '         ,./____ c . ..)                        .
                                                                                                                                                                                                -·,.... ......... -
                                                                                                                                                                                  !.·"-'--- ·-.·- -
                                                                                                                                     -- ,_,("
                                                                                                                                                                                                             .. I

    Reference: D/Sec(AS)64/3 dated 24 August 2000                                                                                                                                                   I     ....· ,.- ~-   .,_"'


    1. As requested I have checked and made a number of amendments to your initial
    assessment of Dr Clarke's request (see attached).


    2. Dr Clarke's clarification of his original request for access to files ~for the period
    1969 to the present day" has, I suppose, been helpful if we assume that his
    subsequent letters limits his original request. But it is still a significant "shopping
    list".


    3. So far as the DR element is concerned. The historic records(ie those selected for
    preservation but are retained in department for reasons of sensitivitv}re being
    reviewed. I note his late inclusion of the closed files in DEFE 44 I do not plan to
    review the three retained files in this class as they were only reviewed two years ago
    and have nothing to do with his area of interest.


    4. I am though a little concerned that the records flagged-up in the December 1 998
    PQ dating from the early to mid-1970s have still to appear for review (review at the
    25-year point means we should be looking at papers from the mid-1970s!). I am
    investigating.


    5. As the review and other queries are resolved I will update the Annex.


                                                                                                     -
                                                                                                     Hd DRl
                                                                                                     GSYl.Ol -
•   Cited in Dr Clarke's letter:
                                                                             Annex A


    1. To Sec(AS) 21 June 2000
    2. To DR 21 July 2000
    3. To Sec(AS) 1 August 2000
    4. To DR 7 August 2000
    5. To Sec(AS) 11 August 2000


    Letter    File No. requested by   Subject according   No offile parts    Comments
    No.       Dr Clarke               to Dr Clarke
              (former ref)
    1         All related files for   UFOs                ?                  ?
              the "period 1969 to
              the present"
    2         DEFE 31/19              DIS & D5TI                             DR 1 Note: File
              (D/DISSEC/20/1/4)       intelligence                           currently retained in
                                      papers (1960-                          accordance with
                                      1970)                                  S3(4) of Public
                                                                             Records Act. Is
                                                                             being reviewed by
                                                                             DR.
    2         DEFE 31/64              DI5/D5TI                               DR 1 Note: File
              (DIS5EC/20/2/14/1)      intelligence                           currently retained in
                                      (1970-1972)                            accordance with
                                                                             53(4) of PRA. Is
                                                                             being reviewed by
                                                                             DR.
    2         DEFE 44/1               D5TI, later D5TI:                      DR 1 Note: File
                                      Reports and                            currently retained in
                                      Memoranda;                             accordance with
                                      register of                            53(4) of PRA. Is
                                      JSTI/DSTI/DSI                          being reviewed by
                                      reports and                            DR.
                                      memoranda
                                      (1946-1991)
    2         DEFE 21                 DSI Registered      PRO catalogue      DR 1 Note: Just over
                                      files               records 72 files   30 files were
                                      (1946-1 964)        assigned to this   released a few years
                                                          class covering     ago (some only after
                                                          the period         the deletion of
                                                          1946-1978.         sensitive passages).
                                                                             Closed files and
                                                                             extracts Uust over
                                                                             60 files) are
                                                                             currently retained in
                                                                             accordance with
                                                                             53(4) of PRA. These
•   3     Subsequent parts to   UFO Policy         No. of parts not
                                                                        are being reviewed
                                                                        by DR.
                                                                        DR 1 Note: A
          files preserved at                       known but            member of DR is
          Kew under ref. DEFE                      suspected to         liasing with Dl to
          31/118& 119                              extend to at         ascertain fate of
          (former ref.                             least Pt 32. It is   other files, incl.
          Dl55/40/9/1 Pts 1 &                      understood that      dates of destruction
          2) covering the                          most parts have      (if known).
          period 1968-1981                         been destroyed.
                                                   But five files -
                                                   Dl55/108/15/1
                                                   Pts 21-25, UFO
                                                   incidents - are
                                                   in DR
                                                   possession
                                                   awaiting
                                                   cataloguing
                                                   dated 1979 ie
                                                   for normal
                                                   release 2010.
                                                   These appear to
                                                   mirror Sec(AS)
                                                   (S4f (Air) as
                                                   was!) files
                                                   recording
                                                   incidents
                                                   reported by
                                                   members of the
                                                   oublic.
    3&5   AIR 20/12556 (?)      Sighting reports                        DR 1 Note: AIR 20
                                January 1974                            currently extends to
                                                                        piece number
                                                                        12637, after 12555
                                                                        there are no entries
                                                                        for UFO files. No
                                                                        UFO files are held in
                                                                        GSY waiting
                                                                        cataloguing or
                                                                        review. I note that in
                                                                        December 1998
                                                                        Sec(AS) forwarded
                                                                        AF584- 601 (19
                                                                        files) covering the
                                                                        period Jan 74- July
                                                                        75, in addition to
                                                                        AF447 Pt 1 to
                                                                        Hayes. Files are
                                                                        probably due for
                                                                        review around now.
•                                                 I will check with
                                                  Hayes that the files
                                                  are held.
    3&5   BJ 5/311             Unidentified       DR 1 Note: File,
          (AF /M396/68 Pt 1)   Flying Objects.    which contains a
                               1968-1970          large number of
                                                  reports from
                                                  members of the
                                                  public In addition to
                                                  a few policy papers,
                                                  is due for normal
                                                  release in january
                                                  2001.
    3     DEFE 44              Reports and        DR 1 Note: In all
                               memoranda          class currently has
                               1946-1969          118 pieces assigned
                                                  to it. 109 are open!
                                                  Of the remaining 9:
                                                  3 are closed under
                                                  53(4) of the PRA- as
                                                  these were only last
                                                  reviewed in '98 and
                                                  their titles clearly
                                                  indicate no
                                                  involvement with
                                                  ufos I do not plan to
                                                  review them.
                                                  3 are awaiting
                                                  release at the
                                                  normal 30-year
                                                  period; again titles
                                                  reveal nothing to do
                                                  with ufos I therefore
                                                  plan to leave these
                                                  alone.
                                                  1 number not used
                                                  and I piece
                                                  "WANTING" ie
                                                  catalogued but
                                                  without possession
                                                  of the report.
                                                  Finally, DEFE 44/1 is
                                                  already the subject
                                                  of review action
                                                  (see above).
    5     AIR 2/18564          UFO report: West   DR 1 Note: Dr
                               Freugh 195 7       Clarke probably
                                                  obtained
                                                  information on this
                                                  oiece from PRO
•                                                    catalogue. Piece
                                                     covers the period
                                                     1957-1971, thus
                                                     due for normal
                                                     release 2002.
                                                     Arrangements being
                                                     made to recall piece
                                                     from PRO to
                                                     ascertain contents.
                                                     If there is an
                                                     absence of letters
                                                     from members of
                                                     the pu bile this
                                                     might be a
                                                     candidate for early
                                                     release!
    5   AF/3459/75              UFOs: policy and     Sec(AS) Note: See
                                policy statements.   note below.
                                1970
    5   A refined request for                        Sec(AS) Note: Dr
        UFO policy files for                         Clarke mentioned
        the period 1968-                             D/Sec(AS)12/1 &
        1981                                         64/l in his letters.
    5   D/Sec(AS)/12/l          UFO policv files     Sec (AS) Note: Pt A
                                                     seems to be the
                                                     only file. Opened in
                                                     1 Feb 85 and is
                                                     therefore outside
                                                     the period
                                                     reQuested.
    5   D/Sec(AS)/64/l          UFO policy files     Sec(AS) Note: Pts A-
                                                     D exist. PtA opened
                                                     8 Aug 1996 and
                                                     therefore all parts
                                                     outside the period
                                                     requested.
    5   D/DS(AS)64/5            Media issues         Sec(AS) Note: Dr
                                                     Clarke did not give
                                                     any particular date
                                                     for this file. PtA is
                                                     the only file. It was
                                                     not opened until 8
                                                     Dec 96.
    5   D/DS8/75/6              UF0:1V               Sec(AS) Note: This
                                discussion           file appears to be a
                                                     1996 file. [But see
                                                     DR additional note
                                                     below]
    5   AIR 2/18873             UFO reports,         DR 1 Note: Due for
        (AF/7464/72 Pt II)      1973-1974            normal release after
•                                                                                     30 years ie January
                                                                                      2005. I will recall
                                                                                      from PRO to see
                                                                                      whether early
                                                                                      release is possible,
                                                                                      but I again suspect
                                                                                      that it will be
                                                                                      identical to other
                                                                                      files containing
                                                                                      reports from the
                                                                                      public.

            5ec(AS) Note* information extracted from DR1 background note for Lords PQ of 17 December
            1998

            Additional Notes:

            Number of file arts                              Comments
            5ec(AS) input:
            The following files have been identified that
            might be relevant to the "all ufo policy files
            1968~-;J..'O..........,__


    :t,.                                                     Sec(AS) Note: There seems to be a gap
                                                             between this one and the one listed next. I
                                                             cannot identify from records here relevant
     s.                                                      series of numbers.


            UFO Policy & policy statements (Pt B- opened
            4 Dec 1979
            ~
            At the time of the PQ December 1998 a trawl
            was made through the most appropriate
            records stored at Hayes for files relating to
            UFOs (search was in effect limited to 5ec(AS)
            and predecessors branch files). A large
            number of files were identified.):
            File: AF/419                                     DR Note: Currently DR should be reviewing
            BBC2 Man Alive Programme- UFOs Dec 71            records at the second review stage dating
       ~    File: AF/S4f(a)/422                              from the mid-1970s. It follows that it would
            UFOs BBC Radio Oxford Programme Dec72            appear that the absence of some of these
      .?,   File: AF 447 Pt 1                                files from the PRO catalogue and their
            Reports(!) Aug 75-Jun 76                         absence from the various review and
      it    File: AF/S4f(air)U/506                           cataloguing processes in GSY suggests that
            Statistical analysis of UFOs (1967-1973)         they have been overlooked for review! This is
      5     Files (19): AF 584-602                           being investigated.

      (2..4-)
 •            Reports (!)Jan 74-July 75
         2.1, Files (2): AF/607 & 608
              UFO reports Dec 75 & Jan 76
        3o Files (4): AF/610- 613
              UFO reports Mar 76 - Ju n 76
        s~    Flles(4):AF/616-619
              UFO reoorts Sept 76-Dec76
S'.     3 5 ~-""File: AF/3459iZS)
              UFOs Policy & policy statements 1970
        31; File: D/DS8/25/3
              UFO Parliamentary Correspondence 1978
        4-'2. Files (6): D/058/75/2/1
              UFO reports, correspondence
                 PtsA&B1977
                 Pt c 1978
                 Pt F 1979
                 PtsG&H 1980 .
        SIt Files (12): D/DS8/75/2/2
                 UFOs reports - Edited copies
                 Pts A-D 1977
                 Pts E & F 1978
                 Pts G & H, J & K 1979
                 Pts L & M 1980 __ _
         6 0 Files (6): D/0575/2/3
                 UFO reports Pts D- H & I 1978
         6! Files (3): D/DS/75/2/4
                 UFO reports Pts A, B & D 1979
         bs- Files (2): D/DS8/75/2/5
                  UFO repo~~-~-A & B 1980 -
                  File: D/058/75/2/S
                  UFO -TV discussion PtA 1979
                                       --···
         t.l      File: D/DS8/75/6
                  UFO -TV discussion PtA 1979
                 --"·---·
                  File: D/DS/75/7
                  UFO- Satellite debris PtA 1979
         '15""    Files (7): D/05/1 Otii:ii;i -~ ·- ·- ·-·
                  General briefs and reports, UFO
                  correspondence
                  PtsA&B1981
                  Pts C & D 1982
                  PtE 1983
                  Pt F & G 1984
         12       Files (3): D/058/1 0/209/1
                  General briefs and reports, UFO
                  correspondence reports
                  Pts A 1983 (?)
                  Pt 8 1984
                  PtC 1985


      'loVe..\ 1&
                                                                                             A ~-( ICc A.c~ ~
   Loose Minute                                                                ({z- Dr         Cla.s-\r-'-'2 ~{r. tJv.h
                                                                               ~~~be --                   ~        ........   o.cco~"'v
   DR/3/7 /8

   6 September 2000
                                                                               p
                                                                               \-k~ltJ.

   AD /Sec(AS)2
                                                               . '
                                                                                   '   '
                                                 . . . . ·-.
                                                 ~

                                            ·'
   Copy to:

                                                                           i
   OMD14                                                       '
                                                                   .. ..
                                                                      -

   ~uros•- DR CLARKE'S REQUEST FOR ACCESSS TO FILES                                                           .-

   Reference: D/Sec(AS)64/3 dated 24 August 2000                                               ... . '•


   1. As requested I have checked and made a number of amendments to your initial
   assessment of Dr Clarke's request (see attached).


   2. Dr Clarke's clarification of his original request for access to files "for the period
   1969 to the present day" has, I suppose, been helpful if we assume that his
   subsequent letters limits his original request. But it is still a significant "shopping
   list".


   3. So far as the DR element is concerned. The historic records(ie those selected for
   preservation but are retained in department for reasons of sensitivity)re being
   reviewed. I note his late inclusion of the closed files in DEFE 44 I do not plan to
   review the three retained files in this class as they were only reviewed two years ago
   and have nothing to do with his area of interest .

  ..--
.['·"4-i.::·:J~rn·thovgh a, little concerned thatthe recordsJiagged-:-up in the.Oecember·. 19~8-~.::.:.:                             . ,.,   ..

     PQ dating from the early to mid-1970s have still to appear for review (review at the
   2 5-year point means we should be looking at papers from the mid-1970s!). I am
   investigating.


   S. As the review and other queries are resolved I will update the Annex.


                                                                                           -
                                                                                           Hd DR1
                                                                                           GSYl.Ol
•   Cited in Dr Clarke's letter:
                                                                                 Annex A


    1. To Sec(AS) 21 June 2000
    2. To DR 21 July 2000
    3. To Sec(AS) 1 August 2000
    4. To DR 7 August 2000
    5. To Sec(AS) II August 2000


    Letter    File No. requested by   Subject according       No of file parts   Comments
    No.       Dr Clarke               to Dr Clarke
              (former ref)
    1         All related files for   UFOs                    ?                  ?
              the "period 1969 to
              the oresent"
    2         DEFE 31/19              DIS& DSTI                                  DR 1 Note: File
              (0/DISSEC/20/1/4)       intelligence                               currently retained in
                                      papers (1960-                              accordance with
                                      1970)                                      S3(4) of Public
                                                                                 Records Act. Is
                                                                                 being reviewed by
                                                                                 DR.
    2         DEFE 31/64              DIS/DSTI                                   DR 1 Note: File
              (DISSEC/20/2/14/1)      intelligence                               currently retained in
                                      (1970-1972)                                accordance with
                                                                                 S3(4) of PRA. Is
                                                                                 being reviewed by
                                                                                 DR.
    2         DEFE 44/1               DSTI, later DSTI:                          DR 1 Note: File
                                      Reports and                                currently retained in
                                      Memoranda;                                 accordance with
                                      register of                                S3(4) of PRA. Is
                                      JSTI/DSTI/CSI· ... -·                      being reviewed .by
                                      reports and                                DR.
                                      memoranda
                                      (1946-1991)
    2         DEFE 21                 DSI Registered          PRO catalogue      DR 1 Note: Just over
                                      files                   records 72 files   30 files were
                                      (1946-1964)             assigned to this   released a few years
                                                              class covering     ago (some only after
                                                              the period         the deletion of
                                                              1946-1978.         sensitive passages).
                                                                                 Closed files and
                                                                                 extracts (just over
                                                                                 60 files) are
                                                                                 currently retained in
                                                                                 accordance with
                                                                                 53(4) of PRA. These
•   3     Subsequent parts to        UFO Policy         No. of parts not
                                                                                   are being reviewed
                                                                                   bv DR.
                                                                                   DR 1 Note: A
          files preserved at                            known but                  member of DR is
          Kew under ref. DEFE                           suspected to               liasing with Dl to
          31/118&119                                    extend to at               ascertain fate of
          (former ref.                                  least Pt 32. It is         other files, incl.
          Dl55/40/9/l Pts 1 &                           understood that            dates of destruction
          2) covering the                               most parts have            (if known).
          period 1968-1 981                             been destroyed.
                                                        But five files -
                                                        Dl55/108/l5/l
                                                        Pts 21-25, UFO
                                                        incidents - are
                                                        in DR
                                                        possession
                                                        awaiting
                                                        cataloguing
                                                        dated 1979 ie
                                                        for normal
                                                        release 2010.
                                                        These appear to
                                                        mirror Sec(AS)
                                                        (S4f (Air) as
                                                        was!) files
                                                        recording
                                                        incidents
                                                        reported by
                                                        members of the
                                                        oublic.
    3&5   AIR 20/12556 (?)           Sighting reports                               DR 1 Note: AIR 20
                                     january 1974                                   currently extends to
                                                                                    piece number
                                                                                    12637, after 12555
          ,. --·--·-   .        ..         ·-                              ·. .·     h    . .. . .   . .·
                                                                                   -t ere anfno entries··
                                                                                   for UFO files. No
                                                                                   UFO files are held in
                                                                                    GSYwaiting
                                                                                    cataloguing or
                                                                                    review. I note that in
                                                                                   December 1998
                                                                                   Sec(AS) forwarded
                                                                                   AF584- 601 (19
                                                                                   files) covering the
                                                                                   period Jan 74- July
                                                                                    75, in addition to
                                                                                   AF447 Pt 1 to
                                                                                   Hayes. Files are
                                                                                   probably due for
                                                                                    review around now.
•                                                                    I will check with
                                                                     Hayes that the files
                                                                     are held.
    3&5   Bj 5/311                           Unidentified            DR 1 Note: File,
          (AF/M396/68 Pt 1)                  Flying Objects.         which contains a
                                             1968-1970               large number of
                                                                     reports from
                                                                     members of the
                                                                     public in addition to
                                                                     a few policy papers,
                                                                     is due for normal
                                                                     release in january
                                                                     2001.
    3     DEFE 44                            Reports and             DR 1 Note: In all
                                             memoranda               class currently has
                                             1946-1969               118 pieces assigned
                                                                     to it. 109 are open!
                                                                     Of the remaining 9:
                                                                     3 are closed under
                                                                     53(4) of the PRA- as
                                                                     these were only last
                                                                     reviewed in '98 and
                                                                     their titles clearly
                                                                     Indicate no
                                                                     involvement with
                                                                     ufos I do not plan to
                                                                     review them.
                                                                     3 are awaiting
                                                                     release at the
                                                                     normal 30-year
                                                                     period; again titles
                                                                     reveal nothing to do
                                                                     with ufos I therefore
                                                                     plan to leave these
    ..     ··-   -   ··-   ---"-~-   ----.           -          -.          ----·     -- .   I
                                                                     alone.
                                                                     1 number not used
                                                                     and I piece
                                                                     'WANTING" le
                                                                     catalogued but
                                                                     without possession
                                                                     of the report.
                                                                     Finally, DEFE 44/l is
                                                                     already the subject
                                                                     of review action
                                                                     (see above).
    5     AIR 2/18564                        UFO report: West        DR 1 Note: Dr
                                             Freugh 1957             Clarke probably
                                                                     obtained
                                                                     information on this
                                                                     oiece from PRO
•                                                                                                                               catalogue. Piece
                                                                                                                                covers the period
                                                                                                                                1957-1971, thus
                                                                                                                                due for normal
                                                                                                                                release 2002.
                                                                                                                                Arrangements being
                                                                                                                                made to recall piece
                                                                                                                                from PRO to
                                                                                                                                ascertain contents.
                                                                                                                                If there is an
                                                                                                                                absence of letters
                                                                                                                                from members of
                                                                                                                                the public this
                                                                                                                                might be a
                                                                                                                                candidate for early
                                                                                                                                release!
    5          AF/3459/75                                                        UFOs: policy and                               Sec(AS) Note: See
                                                                                 policy statements,                             note below.
                                                                                 1970
    5          A refined request for                                                                                            Sec(AS) Note: Dr
               UFO policy files for                                                                                             Clarke mentioned
               the period 1968-                                                                                                 D/Sec(AS)12/1 &
               1981                                                                                                             64/1 in his letters.
    5          D/Sec(AS)/12/l                                                    UFO poliC't files                              Sec(AS) Note: Pt A
                                                                                                                                seems to be the
                                                                                                                                only file. Opened in
                                                                                                                                 1 Feb 85 and is
                                                                                                                                therefore outside
                                                                                                                                the period
                                                                                                                                requested.
    5          D/Sec(AS)/64/l                                                    UFO policy files                               Sec(AS) Note: Pts A-
                                                                                                                                D exist. PtA opened
                                                                                                                                8 Aug 1996 and
                        ---. -· _., __, ___   _,                   ,_
                                                                        -----·                                -
                                                                                                             -- '., .           th.erpforP all ~arr< .
        ~-'   ' " --~                                                                                    ...
                                                                                                      ---------         -----
                                                           -
                                                   -   ~       .


                                                                                                                                                       I
                                                                                                                                outside the period . I
                                                                                                                                reQuested.
    5          DI DS(AS)64/5                                                     Media issues                                   Sec(AS) Note: Dr
                                                                                                                                Clarke did not give
                                                                                                                                any particular date
                                                                                                                                for this file. PtA is
                                                                                                                                the only file. It was
                                                                                                                                not opened until 8
                                                                                                                                Dec 96.
    5          D/DS8/75/6                                                        UFO: TV                                        Sec(AS) Note: This
                                                                                 discussion                                     file appears to be a
                                                                                                                                1996 file. [But see
                                                                                                                                DR additional note
                                                                                                                                below]
    5          AIR 2!18873                                                       UFO reports,                                   DR I Note: Due for
               (AF /7464/72 Pt II)                                               1973-1974                                      normal release after
                                                                                                                     30 years ie January
                                                                                                                     2005. I will recall
                                                                                                                     from PRO to see
                                                                                                                     whether early
                                                                                                                     release is possible,
                                                                                                                     but I again suspect
                                                                                                                     that it will be
                                                                                                                     identical to other
                                                                                                                     files containing
                                                                                                                     reports from the
                                                                                                                    ~ublic.


                                  Sec(AS) Note* information extracted from DR1 background note for Lords PQ of 17 December
                                  1998
                                                                                   ',
                                  Additional Notes:                       :.. ~~)
                                                                           #   '        '


                                  Number offile parts                                       Comments
                                  Sec(AS) input:
                                  The following files have been identified that
                                  might be relevant to the "all ufo policy files
~-·                               1968-Uliil"
~ ~. l • ~~;_IT::.:Ie:7:;·;..;AF;;;;:.{:;:?';;:58:::;/!::=~.....,
                                  UFO~& policy statements (Pt 1 -file
                                  opened 22 Feb 1968)
                                   File:Af:/xss-/64                                         Sec(AS) Note: There seems to be a gap
                                  UFO ----~---·'
                                      PEJ!cy & policy statements (Pt II - file
                                                           /

                                                                                            between this one and the one listed next. I
                                  open~_March 1 970)                                        cannot identify from records here relevant
                                  File: D/DS8t7'511                                         series of numbers.
                                  UFO ~~policy statements (PtA- file
                                  opened 18 Jan 1979)
                                           -~
                                  File:1>/DS~[!~IJ
                                  UFO ~olicy & policy statements (Pt B - opened
                                  4 n.o.r 1 Q7Q

                                  DRl input:
                                  At the time of the PQ December 1998 a trawl
                                  was made through the most appropriate
                                  records stored at Hayes for files relating to
                                 I UFOs (search was in effect limited to Sec(AS)
                                  and predecessors branch files). A large
                       /          number of fi!~s were id~ntified.):
                 /         (
                                  File: AF/419                                              DR Note: Currently DR should be reviewing
                ('"?              BBC2 Man Alive Programme - UFOs Dec 71                    records at the second review stage dating
", cd· .( · 2                     File: AF/S4f(a)/422                                       from the mid-1970s. It follows that it would
_......_._..                      UFOs BBC Radio Oxford Programme Dec72                     appear that the absence of some of these
                           .3,    File: AF 447 Pt 1                                         files from the PRO catalogue and their
                                  Reports(!) Aug 75-Jun 76                                  absence from the various review and
                           ~      File: AF/S4f(air)U/506                                    cataloguing processes in GSY suggests that
                                  Statistical analysis of UFOs (1967-1973)                  they have been overlooked for review! This is
                           5      Files (19): AF 584-602                                    being investigated.

                           (2t+)
    •


•          2b
                  R_epc>rts (!) Jan_74-J~ ly _Z_5
                  Files (2): AF/607 & 608
                  UFO re orts Dec 75 -~01,'! ?6. __ . _
           3o Files (4): AF/610- 613
?                 UFO reports Mar 76 - Ju n 76
           5+     Files (4): AF/616-619


           3 ~ !'-!.!!=:..!,;:;=...._..
                  UFOs Policy & policy statements 1970
           3 (,   File: D/DS8/25/3
                  UFO Parliamentary Corresponde.!!.~_l~Z.!! ________ -~ _ ....                                               . .... ______ _
                  Files (6): D/D58/75/2/1                     ---- --?.>{"i,.-(., D,              e- "'
                                                                                     ~I",J"'"'"c( '"'"'
                  UFO reports, correspondence                        . 1\Jo N! eels~- f{o~ cf:Lu. p~.
                  PtsA& B 1977                                                                                                   1

                  PtC 1978
                  Pt F 1979
            '-    Pts G & H 1 980   ~----~----- ___ _
          S '+    Files (12): D/D58/75/2/2
                  UFOs reports - Edited copies
                  Pts A-D 1977
                  Pts E & F 1978
                  Pts G & H, J & K 1979
                  Pts L& M 1980  ·--·----·-··
           6 0 Files (6): D/0575/2/3
                  UFO reports Pts D~Ji~JJ~z_s_ __ -         -----~>
                     --···-. """"·''' --- - - -
           6l     Files (3): D/DS/75/2/4
                  UFO report~ Pts A.!_B & D_19L~=
           b;~ Files (2): D/DS8/75/2/5
                  UFO reports Pts A _&_B 1980.•.•
           b b File: D/DSB/iS/2/5                                     ' , \!.. J ....,   rec~ .:;...W~ 1£"'~-,. /)..;_,___f.,,
                  UFO- TV discussion PtA 1979
           6 7 , e:-r:rJo<;sm-,-o-·-----------------                       Po--t ;::, ) "'t-+ AJ-J.,. •.-<o(         :J.'li<;:(:O"t(-

                  UFO -TV discussion PtA 1979
           {,Q    File: OlnS/?S 17
        ----- ·+-ui'o·=  5at'eliiteciebris PtA ;979
                                                                                                                                           I
                                                                                                                                               f. •


           ., !: Files (7): DJDS/1 o/2o9
                  General briefs and reports, UFO
                  correspondence
                  PtsA& B 1981
                  PtsC& D 1982
                  PtE 1983
                  Pt F & G 1984
           1:11   Files(3): o/osS/l0/209{1
                  General briefs and reports, UFO
                  correspondence reports
                  Pts A 1983 (?)
                  Pt B 1984
                  Pte 1985

    "\'o let\ 1 &
                                                                                                                                                 ·,


                                                                                    A~~
  Loose Minute                                                      ((z- Dr Cl~'-'?
                                                                   f\R-!Ld:, k, \,e.
  DR/3/7/8
                                                                   ~,~~ltJ.
  6 September 2000

  AD /Sec(AS)2                                                                                         · ~~~
                                        ; '
                                                      :'                                           '     ._, - ~(-
                                                                                                                . ·.. . --~::
                                              .". .
                                                 ·                                                              .
                                                                                                                                   ·

                                                                                                                                   .'       /·
  Copy to :                                                                                                 J                          •   ••


-
                                                                                                                         ... . .
                              /                                                                                 .~   .


                                                      .· . .
                                                       I   .
                                                               /
                                                                      ..

                                  029' It 'SB'Jl                    It     !
                                                                               '-
                                                                                           -
                                                                           !;)('

  Reference: D/Sec(AS)64/3 dated 24 August 2000

  ·i.   P.s requested 1 have checked ai1ci made a nurnbet u1 amenatnents to your initial
  assessment of Dr Clarke's request (see attached).

  2. Dr Clarke's clarification of his original request for access to files "for the period
  1969 to the present day• has, I suppose, been helpful ifwe assume that his
  subsequent letters limits his original request. But it is still a significant "shopping
  list".


  3. So far as the DR element is concerned. The historic records(ie those selected for
  preservation but are retained in department for reasons of sensitivity}re being
  reviewed. I note his late inclusion of the closed files in DEFE 44 I do not plan to
  review the three retained files in this class as they were only reviewed two years ago


._and have nothing to do with his area of interest.
___.
  4 •. Jam -though a. littl~ concerned that the records.flagged-:-up in the..Dec~mber 1998 . ..:... ..


l
  PQ dating from the early to mid-1970s have still to appear for review (review at the
  2 5-year point means we should be looking at papers from the mid-1970s!). I am
  investigating.

   5. As the review and other queries are resolved I will update the Annex .


                                                                            Hd DRl
                                                                               GSY1.01
.EC(AS)2
 From:                        OMD14
 Sent:                        25 August 2000 10:45
 To:                          SEC(AS)2; Hd of DR1
 Subject:                     RE: Dr Clarke


~
 I think the absolute limit for Dr Clarke's request should be the number of hours we spent on the- . (14
 hours). I agree that we should compile a list ofthe number of file parts requiring editing. We c~werlfout
 roughly how many files we can edit within the 14 hour limit, and then ask Dr Clarke to pick the files he wants within
 that limit. We would, obviously, have to seek his prior consent for the charge we would levy (£150) before we did any
 work. I suspect that Dr Clarke won't be very satisfied , but, as you say, we have to draw the line somewhere.

 Regards,

~

     --Original Message-
     From:       SEC(AS)2
     Sent        24 August 2000 17:10
     To:         OMD14; Hd of DR1
     Subject     Dr Clarke

      « File: DrCiarke@Code.Request.3.doc »

                                                                                                                         -


                                                            1
       Loose Minute

       D/Sec(AS) 64/3 , / "

       24 August 2000

       OMD14
       DRl

.. '   'UFOs' -DR CLARKE'S REQUEST FOR ACCESS TO FILE-S .

       I. At our meeting earlier this week I said that I would look at Dr Clarke's letters and
       try and compile a list of the files I think he wants to see so that we might gauge the
       size of the request overall. This is attached at Annex. In compiling the list I checked
       the details of the Lords PQs mentioned in his last letter to Sec(AS) and looked at the
       background notes drafted at the time. As you will see, I have been unable to complete
       the task; I should be grateful ifDRl could chet.:k, amend and complete the list.

       2. It seems to me that we are already spending a great deal of time on this non
       defence-related task. It has taken me something in excess of two hours to compile the
       details in the attachment to this minute. With that and the DR staff time in mind, I
       should be grateful to know from OMD14 how much time would be reasonable to
       devote to Dr Clarke's 'shopping lists'. Might a completed Annex (in tenns of the
       number of parts of files needing to be reviewed/sanitised) be sufficient to make an
       initial judgement on whether to proceed further? How many files (based on an
       average of 100 enclosures per file) might constitute a voluminous request? I am
       reluctant to devote further resources to this request (recalling files from archiv es etc)
       until we have reached that stage.

       3. I look forward to hearing from you both.

                                                                          I
•   File Number        Subject according      From MOD
                                                                    AnnexA

                                                                    AD/Sec(AS)2
    requested by Dr    to Dr Clarke           Records- Number       Comments
    Clarke                                    of file parts

    DEFE 311118        UFO Policy 1953-                             Already accessed
                       63                     N/A                   by Dr Clarke at the
                                                                    PRO
    DEFE311119         UFO Policy 1967        N/A                   Already accessed
                                                                    by Dr Clarke at the
                                                                    PRO
    DEFE311119         UFO Policy(?)
                       1968-81
    DEFE31119          DIS+DSTI
                       Intelligence Papers
                       1967-70                                  I
    DEFE 31/6<1        DIS+DSTI          .•
                                                                !
                       Intelligence Papers
                       1970-72
    DEFE44/l           DSI (later DSTI)
                       Reports and
                       memoranda
                       Register of
                       JSTIIDSTI/DSI
                       reports and
                       memoranda 1946-
                       91
    DEFE21             DSI Registered
                       files 1946-69
    DEFE44             All files 1946-1969
    BJ 5/311           UFOs
                       Meteorological
                       Aspects 1968-70
    Air 20/12556 (?)   Sighting Reports                             Dr Clarke has
                       January 1974                                 assumed the file
                                                                    number because
                                                                    Air 20/12555
                                                                    concerns Dec 1973.
                                                                    But, I am not sure
                                                                    that number
                                                                    existed. Was
                                                                    AF/584 the file
                                                                    reference for Jan
                                                                    74? (* see Note
                                                                    below)
    Air 2/18564        UFO Report- West       One                   I am not sure where
                       Freugh 1957                                  Dr Clarke found
                                                                    the file title. Is it a
        ..                                                          file of reports for
•                                                                        1957, or one
                                                                         specifically
                                                                         concerning the
                                                                         WestFreugh
                                                                         'incident' (* see
                                                                         Note below)
     Air 2118873      UFO reports 1973-        One                       Dr Clarke says he
                      74                                                 wants the file
                                                                   ...
                                                                         because it D}ay
                                                                         contain information
                                                                         about Jan 74
                                                                         reports. However,
                                                                         I think the file
                                                                         reference might be
                                                                         Air 2/18833
                                                                         (previously AF
                                                                         7464 Pt II) (* see
    ... ··'··   .                                                        NotP h~>low)
    AF/3459/75        UFOs Policy and          One                       (* see Note below)
                      Policy Statements
                      1970
    All files         UFO Policy 1968-                                   Dr Clarke
                      1981                                               mentioned
                                                                         D/Sec(AS)l2/l and
                                                                         6411 in his letters.
     D/Sec(AS)/12/1   UFO Policy files                                   Part A seems to be
                                                                         the only file. It
                                                                         was opened
                                                                         01102/85 and is, - r-
                                                                         therefore, outside
                                                                         ~
                                                                         reauested.
    D/Sec(AS)64/l     UFO Policy Files                                   Parts A-D exist.
                                                                         Part A was opened
                                                                         08/08/96 and,
                                                                         therefore, all parts
                                                                                              ·-
                                                                         are outside the
                                                                         ~d.
                                               I have identified
                                               the following files
                                 ,.            that might be
                       ~IA..l> ::,. " . --:>   relevant in respect
                                               of •aU UFO pOlicy
                                               files 1968-81 ,

                                            File AF/XSS/64
                                         '· UFO   Policy&
                                                                                     .
                                                                         -- A6V t<....
                                               Policy Statements            %:....
                                               (Part I -file
•                                       2·
                                             opened 22/02/68)
                                             File AF/X58/64
                                             UFO Policy&
                                                                 There seems to be a
                                                                 gap between this
                                             Policy Statements   file and the one
                                             (Part II- file      listed next. I        -
                                                                                     f-.
                                             opened 31103170)    cannot identify
                                                                 from records here a
                                                                 relevant series of
                                                                 numbers.
                                       '1.   File D/DSS/75/1
                                             UFO Policy&
                                             Policy Statements                         - f-

                                             (Part A - file
                                             opened 18/0 1179)
                                       4-·   File D/DSS/75/1
                                             UFO Policy&
                                             Policy Statements
                                             (Part B -file
                                                                                       -
                                             opened 04/12179)
    D/Sec(AS)64/5       UFO Media Issues                         Dr Clarke did not
                                                                 give any particular
                                                                 date for this file.
                                                                 Part A is the only
                                                                 file. It was not
                                                                 opened until
                                                                 08/08/96.
    D/S8175/6           UFO TV                                   This seems to be a
                        Discussion                               1979 file. (* See
                                                                 Note below)


    Note* information extracted from DR1 background note for Lords PQ of 17/12/98
           Loose Minute

           D/Sec(AS) 64/3 /
                                                                                                                                           30·
           24 August 2000

           OMD14
           DRl

           'UFOs'- DR CLARKE'S REQUEST FOR ACCESS TO FILES

           1. At our meeting earlier this week I said that I would look at Dr Clarke's letters and
           try and compile a list of the files I think he wants to see so that we might gauge the
           size ()(the request overall. This is attached at Annex. In compiling the list I checked
           the details of the Lords PQs mentioned in his last letter to Sec(AS) and looked, at the
           background notes drafted at the time. As you will see, I have been unable to complete
           the task; I should be grateful ifDRl could check, amt:nd and complete the list.

           2. It seems to me that we are already spending a great deal of time on this non
           defence·related task. It has taken me something in excess of two hours to compile the .
           details in the attachment to this minute. With that and the DR staff time in mind, I
           should be grateful to know from OMD 14 how much time would be reasonable to
           devote to Dr Clarke's 'shopping lists'. Might a completed Annex (in terms of the
           number of parts of files needing to be reviewedlsanitised) be sufficient to make an
           initial judgement on whether to proceed further? How many files (based on an
           average of l 00 enclosures per file) might constitute a voluminous request? I am
           reluctant to devote further resources to this request (recalling files from archives etc)
           until we have reached that stage.

           3. I look forward to hearing from you both.
                                                                                               II
                                                                                                I


_,:._- .                                                          -   ~ J
                                                                      _I   ".r-" -

                                                                                                                       ,...
                                                                                                                                       '
                                                                                                                                ,.. t/ l ·.
                                                                           !   -,       .·


                                                                                    "":"·    :, - .                                            I ' >----
                                                                                                                                              _.... ·.


                                                                                                               I   •
                                                                                                               1. {
                                                                                                   !   i   ~   .
                                                                                               •J •'
                                                                                              "j


                                                                                                                              ~· -
•   File Number           Subject according       From MOD
                                                                        AnnexA

                                                                        AD/Sec(AS)2
    requested by Dr       to Dr Clarke            Records- Number       Comments
    Clarke                                        offtle parts

    DEFE3l/118            UFO Policy 1953-                              Already accessed
                          63                      N/A                   by Dr Clarke at the
                                                                        PRO
    DEFE3l/119            UFO Policy 1967         N/A                   Already accessed
                                                                        by Dr Clarke at the
                                                                        PRO
    DEFE31/119            UFO Policy(?)
                           1968-81
    DEFE31/19              DIS+DSTI
                           Intelligence Papers
                           1967-70                                  I
    DEFE}l/64              DIS+DSTI
                           Intelligence Papers
                           1970-72
    DEFE4411               DSI (later DSTI)
                           Reports and
                           memoranda
                           Register of
                           JSTI/DSTI/DSI
                           reports and
                           memoranda 1946-
                           91
    DEFE21                 DSI Registered
                           files 1946-69
    DEFE44                 All files 1946-1969
    BJ 5/311               UFOs
                     ·. .
                           Meteorological __ ..    --                    --
                          -A5i>ects196S-7o
    Air 20/12556 (?)       Sighting Reports                             Dr Clarke has
                           January 1974                                 assumed the file
                                                                        number because
                                                                        Air 20/12555
                                                                        concerns Dec 1973.
                                                                        But, I am not sure
                                                                        that number
                                                                        existed. Was
                                                                        AF/584 the file
                                                                        reference for Jan
                                                                        74? (* see Note
                                                                        below)
    Air 2/18564            UFO Report - West      One                   I am not sure where
                           Freugh 1957                                  Dr Clarke found
                                                                        the file title. Is it a
                                                                        file of reports for
•                          ~-·'-
                                                                                                            1957, or one .
                                                                                                            specifically
                                                                                                            concerning the
                                                                                                            WestFreugh
                                                                                                            'incident' (* see
                                                                                                            Note below)
        Air 2/18873                                    UFO reports 1973-              One                   Dr Clarke says he
                                                       74                                                   wants the file
                                                                                                            because it may
                                                                                                            contain information
                                                                                                            about Jan 74
                                                                                                            reports. However,
                                                                                                            I think the file
                                                                                                            reference might be
                                                                                                            Air 2/18833
                                                                                                            (previously AF
                                                                                                            7464 Pt II)(* see
                                                                                                            N otP hi!low)
        AF/3459/75                                     UFOs Policy and                One                   (* see Note below)
                                                       Policy Statements
                                                       1970
        All files                                      UFO Policy 1968-                                     Dr Clarke
                                                       1981                                                 mentioned
                                                                                                            D/Sec(AS)l2/l and
                                                                                                            6411 in his letters.
        D/Sec(AS )/12/1                                UFO Policy files                                     Part A seems to be
                                                                                                            the only file. It
                                                                                                            was opened
                                                                                                            01/02/85 and is, - 1-
                                                                                                            therefore, outside
                                                                                                            ~-~
                                                                                                            reauested.
        D/Sec(AS)64/1                                  UFO Policy ..Files                                   Parts A-D exist.
    '' oe·.c. ·.·c ..•·· ··:-:-.·'d.:.C •   ·~,.,_
                                                     --~   -·- -."""-- --- ·- .              -      ·<<
                                                                                                            :Pim A \vfu; o'Peneci ··
                                                                                                            08/08/96 and,
                                                                                                            therefore, all parts
                                                                                                                                       f-
                                                                                                            ~de the
                                                                                                              en    e(illeSted.

                                                                                      I have identified
                                                                                      the following files
                                                                              ,.      that might be
                                                             ~v....::, ::.o.. _..,.   relevant in respect
                                                                                      of 'all UFO policy
                                                                                      files 1968-81 ·


                                                                                   '· File AF/X58/64
                                                                                      UFO Policy&           -   !o.St     ..
                                                                                      Policy Statements         OJ.,'~~
                                                                                      (Part I -file
•
'


                                       :2·
                                             opened 22/02/68)
                                             File AF/X58/64
                                             UFO Policy&
                                                                          -
                                                                 There seems to be a
                                                                 gap between this
                                             Policy Statements   file and the one
                                             (Part II - file     listed next. I     -r-.
                                             opened 31103170)    cannot identify
                                                                 from records here a
                                                                 relevant series of
                                                                 numbers.
                                       '?.   File D/DSS/75/1
                                             UFO Policy&
                                             Policy Statements                         -    -1   ,_,··-


                                             (Part A- file
                                             opened 18/01/79)
                                             File D/DSS/75/1
                                       ~-
                                             UFO Policy&
                                             Policy Statements                         -   "· ,.J.-
                                             (Part B -file                                       '>':f~ ;·~-

                                             opened 04/12/79)
    D/Sec(AS)64/5       UFO Media Issues                         Dr Clarke did not
                                                                 give any particular
                                                                 date for this file.
                                                                 Part A is the only
                                                                 file. It was not
                                                                 opened until
                                                                 08/08/96.
    D/58/75/6           UFO TV                                   This seems to be a
                        Discussion                               1979 file. (* See
                                                                 Note below)


    Note * information extracted from DR! background note for Lords PQ of 17/12/98
                  From:                  Secretariat (Air Staff)2
                  MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                  Room 8247, Main Building, Whitehall, London, SW1A 2HB
                                                              Telephone    (Direct dial)     020 7218 2140
                                                                           (Switchboard)     020 7218 0000
                                                                           (Fax)
                                                                                             :scas: :as:

Dr David Clarke                                                  Your Reference

                                                                 Our Reference    A   __,.

                                                                 D/Sec(AS )164/3 .r
                                                                 Date
                                                                 23 August 2000


        Thank you for your further letter of 11 August setting out in more detail the files you wish
to access.

        Rather than answering each one of your letters separately, we feel that you will get a
quicker and more complete answer if we can provide you with a single consolidated response that
addresses all the outstanding requests you have made to MOD for 'UFO' -related information. I
note that in your letter of 1 August you say that you have contacted the MOD Record Officer
seeking access to files. It would be helpful if you could let me know of any requests you have
made to other parts of MOD (in London or elsewhere), so that these can also be covered in our
substantive reply.

        In the meantime, we are progressing your letters to Sec(AS)2 of 1 and 11 August and to
the MOD Records Officer of 21 July and 7 August. This will, however, take some time in view
of the fact that the many flies requested will need to be retrieved and reviewed. It will involve a
considerable amount of staff time which will have to be fitted in around core Defence tasks. I
hope, however, to be able to provide you with a progress report by the end of September.

        I would also like to address some of the points that you raised in your letter of 1 August.
You ask whether individuals contacting the Department have requested that their personal details
remain confidential for the 30-year period I think you may have misunderstood the position. It is
not a requirement that individuals should make that request. MOD has an obligation, both in
common law and as an employer, to protect the confidentiality of its current and former
employees and third parties. This obligation may only be overridden by consent, where there is
an overriding public interest, or where statutory law (eg the Public Records Act) allows. It is for
this reason that all personal identifying details of members of the public must be deleted before
third party access is given to any information held on Departmental files. I should wish to assure
you that MOD does not, as a matter of policy, release personal details to the media when
contacted about alleged 'UFO' sightings. Rather, it is our experience that some members of the
public seek actively to promote their alleged experiences through the media.

       You again mention in your letter of 1 August a conversation at the beginning of the year
with the MOD Press Office. ~said in her letter of25 July, a number of enquiries
were made to MOD by the media and members of the public about 'UFO' files being released at
   ' that time by the Public Record Office. I cannot comment on your recollection of what might have
      been said during your conversation but I can say that media reports about comments attributed to
    · the then Under Secretary of State for Defence in respect of •UFO' files were totally unfounded.
      MOD does take a positive approach to the release of information and works on the presumption
      that mformation should be made available. However, for the reasons I have given above about
      MOD's legal obligations, this is not always possible.


~R.I\._ GJrroO-~
'DR\
cS:>Mo ''-~-
-C(AS)2
From:                      Hd ofDR1
Sent:                      23 August 2000 07 :09
To:                        SEC(AS)2
Cc:                        OWD14
Subject:                   RE: Dr Clarke and UFOs


I am content with your proposed draft as amended by
                                                      ===-___j

   --Original Me688ge-
   From:      SEC(AS)2
   Sent:      22 August 2000 15:31
   To:        Hd of DR1 ; OMD14
   Subject:   Dr Clarke and UFOs

    «File: DrCiarke@Code.Request.2.doc >>


                                                    1
From:                           OMD14
Sent:                           22 August 2000 16:41
To:                             SEC(AS)2; Hd of DR1
Subject:                        RE: Dr Clarke and UFOs


Thanks for this. I think you make the points we discussed very well- however I would prefer it if we slightly softened
the beginning and made the letter sound more positive.

Can I suggest the following for the 2nd paragraph:

"Rather than answering each one of your letters separately, we feel that you will get a quicker and more complete
answer if we can provide you with a single consolidated response that addresses all the outstanding requests you
have made to MOD for UFO-related information. I note that in your letter of 1 August you say that you have
contacted the MOD Record .Officer seeking access to files. It would be helpful if you could let me know of any
requests you have made to other parts of MOD (in London or elsewhere), so that these can also be covered in our
substantive reply."

Then your 3rd para. Then I would add a para explaining how we are getting on with his request (I think it is better to
have this upfront rather than at the end):

"In the meantime, we are progressing your outstanding requests made in your letters to Sec(AS) of . . . and to
Defence records of . . . . This will, however, take some time, in view of the fact that the many files requested will
need to be retrieved and reviewed for disclosure. This will involve a considerable amount of staff time, which will
have to be frtted in around core Defence tasks. I hope, however, to be able to provide you with a progress report by
the end of September."

Then, "I would like also to address a number of points that you raised in your letter of 1 August. .." Then your paras
4 and 5.

Regards,

~
      ---Original Messag~--
      From:         SEC{AS)2
      Sent:         22 August 2tXXl15:31
      To:           Hd of DR1; OMD14
      Subject:      Dr Clarke and UFOs

      «File: DrCiarke@Code.Request.2.doc »
Loose Minute

D/Sec(AS)/64/3                                                                         ;.__


22 August 2000

OMD14
DRl

'UFOs': LETTER FROM THE PUBLIC- DR DAVID CLARKE

1. We met this morning to discuss how we might deal with Dr Clarke's scattergun
approach for information in a 'joined-up' way. As agreed, I have drafted an
acknowledgement to his latest letter (dated 11 August and copied to you at the
meeting) and covered one or two points from the 1 August letter (you already have a
copy) to reflect our discussion. This is attached; I should be grateful to know asap
that you are content.

2. I shall write separately about what I think his file 'shopping list' comprises!


AD/Sec(~
MB8247-
•
e   Draft or Dr Clarke

    Thank you for your further letter of 11 August setting out in more detail the files you
    wish to access.

    -                 has already acknowledged your letter of 1 August and I accept that you
        have yet to receive a full reply. However, in that letter you also say that you have
        contacted the MOD Departmental Record Officer seeking access to files. This
        fragmented approach to the Department is hampering efforts to make meaningful
        enquiries about your requests for access to official information. It would therefore be
        helpful to know as soon as possible whether you have contacted other parts of the
        MOD in London or elsewhere. It is only with full details that we shall be able to look
        at the totality of your requests and provide an overall substantive response.

        It would also be helpful in any future dealings with MOD about this request to direct
        all of your correspondence to the above address. Sec(AS)2 is the MOD focal point
        for dealing with all correspondence relating to 'UFOs' and I can assure you that
        Sec(AS)2 staffliase with and discuss all related matters with others in the Department
        as necessary.

        In your letter of 1 August you ask whether individuals contacting the Department
        have requested that their personal details remain confidential for the 30-year period. I
        think you may have misunderstood the position. It is not a requirement that
        individuals should make this request. MOD has an obligation, both in common law
        and as an employer, to )Xotect the confidentiality of its current and fanner employees
        and third parties. This obligation may only be overridden by consent, where there is
        an overriding public interest, or where statutory law (eg the Public Records Act)
        allows. It is for this reason that all personal identifying details of members of the
        public must be deleted before third party access is given to any information held on
        Departmental files. I should wish to assure you that MOD does not, as a matter of
        policy, release personal details to the media when contacted about alleged 'UFO'
        sightings. Rather, it is our experience that some members of the public seek actively
        to promote their alleged experiences through the media.

        You again mention in your letter of 1 August a conversation at the beginning of the
        year with the MOD Press Office. As. . .said in her letter of 25 July, a
        number of enquiries were made to MOD by the media and members of the public
        about 'UFO' files being released at that time to the Public Record Office. I cannot
        comment on your recollection of what might have been said during your conversation
        but I can say that media reports about comments attributed to the then Under
        Secretary of State for Defence in respect of 'UFO' files were totally unfounded.
        MOD does take a positive approach to the release of information and works on the
        presumption that information should be made available. However, for the reasons I
        have given above about MOD's legal obligations, this is not always possible.

        I am sorry not to be able to give you a substantive response to your letters of 1 and 11
        August at this time. Nevertheless, I can assure you that whilst we await information
        about any additional requests you have made to the Department, Sec(AS)2 and
        Departmental Records staff will continue with their enquiries on your behalf. We
        hope to provide a progress report by the end of September.
  SEC(AS)2A1
                                                               .•
-From:             DC+L{F+S)Legal
  Sent:            16 August 2000 14:49
  To:              SEC(AS)2A1
  Cc:              OMD14; OMD16; Hd of DR1
  Subject:         Dr Clarke - addendum


  See also Annex A of JSP 400 for guidance on access to records less that
  30 years o""'ld. tfiTS amplifies my earlier minute. ~


                                             1
    D/DC&L(F&S)/29/4/1

    16 August 2000

    Sec(AS)2a1*

    Copy to:
    OMD14*
    OMD16*
    DR1*


    CODE REQUEST: DR DAVID CLARKE

    1.   OMD14 has passed us your minute (D/Sec(AS)/64/3) of
    7 August in relation to Dr Clarke's request for access to
    Departmental records on UFOs.

    2.   First of all, I want to point out that the Data
    Protection Act 1998 is irrelevant in this context. Dr
    Clarke is not asking to see what papers we hold on him.
    The key principle regarding disclosure of these and all
    other MOD documents continues to be the obligation by the
    Department, both in common law and as an employer, to
    protect the confidentiality of its current and former
    employees (Service and civilian) and third parties. This
    obligation may only be over-ridden by consent, where
    there is an over-ridding public interest, or where
    statutory law (e.g. the Public Records Act) allows. As
    you suspected, it is the latter - the third party angle -
    that is important here. All personal details will need
    to be deleted before he can have access to the papers
    still held by the MOD.

    3.   However, the historical branches have a special
    dispensation from the normal disclosure practice to
    enable privileged access to be given to bona fide
    historical researchers (see JSP 400, paragraph 3.23
    located on the Web at "Instructions", then "JSP 400".)
    Whether Dr Clarke comes into this category I leave to you
    to decide.   It may be material that he does not know that
/   we do not yet have a FOI Act; the Bill is still going
    through Parliament.


    [signed]


    DDC&L(F&S)Legal
    MT3/28
    Fax:
CHOTS: DC+L(F+S)Legal
 ..   ~   .,

ttsEC(AS)2A 1

          From:                            OMD14
          Sent:                            11 August 2000 18:06
          To:                              SEC(AS)2A1
          Cc:                              Hd of DR1; OMD/AD(E+MG); OMD16; DC+L(F+S)Legal
          Subject:                         Code request: Dr Clarke


               08.00   "'cl•rlc•
                  ur••.doc         PSA loose minute on the above.


          OMD14
          NH617 -


                                                                    1
-   .

            LOOSE MINUTE

            D/DO:MD/2/3

             11 August 2000

            Sec(AS)2al

            Copy to :
            DRl
            O:MD/AD(E&MG)
            DC+L(F+S)Legal
            OMD16

            CODE REQUEST: DR DAVID CLARKE

            Reference:
            A.     D/Sec(AS)64/3 of 7 August 2000

             1.    Thank you for seeking our comments (at Ref A) on Dr Clarke' s request for
            information on UFOs. I have the following comments on Dr Clarke' s paragraphs:

            Paragraph 3

              2.     As you suggested, this is covered by the Data Protection~ 98).
             Policy on DPA 98 is now the responsibility ofDG Info, throug~ and
            -                   and I have sought the latter' s advice on this case. She shares DRI ' s
            ~ have a duty of confidentiality towards third party information, which
             Dr Clarke' s offer to respect the confidentiality of the information does not waive.
             Unless DC+L(F+S)Legal disagrees, I therefore think it is our legal duty to redact the
              personal details from all UFO files released before 30 years.

            Paragraph4

            3.      I think we need to be a bit careful about using th~se as a precedent
            here. In the                we only agreed to provide the information as a one-off
            gesture of                                   was also much more narrowly focused (it
        j   was for specific sightmg            and was therefore easier to handle. We should also
            take into account the fact that Dr Clarke is requesting other files from Defence
            Records, which it is taking staff time to handle. I therefore think it is reasonable for
            us to handle his requests for PRO files first before we offer anything extra.

            Paragraphs 6-9

            4.     We need to ensure that we answer all h1s requests here in accordance with the
            Code. Regarding file BJ 5/311 , my view is that we should ask the PRO whether the
            document can be released in advance of January 2001. If not, then we should advise
            Dr Clarke to wait for the release of the file in January. Rather than citing exemption
            10 ofthe Code, we should simply explain that the process of releasing a document (as
..   ,·-   .
               required under the Public Records Act) takes some time and the PRO are not in a
               position to complete this before January.

               5.      Lastly, given that Dr Clarke is writing separately to different parts of MOD
               about this, we may wish to be "joined-up" in our responses to ensure that we are not
               duplicating work or sending conflicting messages.

               6.     I hope this is helpful and I am happy to discuss.


               OMD14
               NH617-
.   .


                                                                                     Dr David Clarke .   22

        Main Building
        Whitehall
        London SWlA 2HB
                                                              ;   ... . . .........,-.. ·-

        Your ref: D/Sec (AS) 64/3                             ·~ ~:':· ,-
                                                              ·'""·- ···:............ ... .. ~


        Dear

        Thank you for your letter of7 August acknowledging my request for access to MOD
        files, and for keeping me informed about the time involved in processing my request.

        In the meantime my attention has been drawn to a list of 'closed files' provided by Lord
        Gilbert in a Written Answer to Lord Hill-Norton in the House of Lords on 19
        November/17 December, 199.8. This information has allowed me to draw up a more
        specific list of file references which may help you consider my request. These are:

        BJ 5/311       UFOs: Meteorological Aspects 1968-70 (closed until I Jan 2001)

        Air 2/18564   UFO report: West Freugh 1957 (closed until1 Jan 2002)

        AF/3459/75   UFOs: Policy and Policy Statements, 1970
                     This file plus additional policy files: 1968-1981 which may include:
        D/Sec(AS)/12/1) 5 parts dealing with policy D/Sec(AS)/64/1) issues.
        D/Sec(AS)/64/5 Media Issues
        D/DSS/75/6 UFO: TV discussion.

        Air 20/12556 (?)UFO reports January 1974
                      (additionally Air 2/18873 UFO reports 1973-74 may contain information
                      re January 1974 reports).

        Thanks for your help. I look forward to hearing from you in due course.


        Yours sincerely,
                        ... -...   'lII--==-·~~;~
                                      ldlnl···~


                         ~~=~-
eooM 32-t5
MArt"/ BvrLo £NG.,
W~t~HAt,L
LoNoof'l Swlt\ ZHl3 ~
,
•   Loose Minute


    DR/3/7 /8

    8 August 2000

    Sec(AS)2al                                            -9 AUG :.:.000
    Copy to:


    AD/E&MG OMD

    CODE REQUEST - PUBLIC CORRESPONDENCE

    Reference: D/Sec(AS)64/3 dated 7 August 2000

    1 . Thank you for your minute and for a copy of Dr Clarke's latest letter to you
    clarifying further his request for information relating to MOD's interest in
    "unidentified flying objects".

    2. Before turning to the questions you have raised you will be interested to learn
    that Dr Clarke sought to clarify his earlier request to this office concerning the re-
    review of a large number of files closed in accordance with 53(4) of the Public
    Records Act of 1 95 8 (Annex A). Originally thought to be in the region of 30 closed
    files, subsequent research has identified a further 43. The latter being sensitive
    extracts taken from the files to permit release at an earlier review. So far as his latest
     letter is concerned I have simply acknowledged his letter and for thanked him for
    clarification of his original request and that it is still my intention to provide him with
    a progress report of our review of these files towards the end of September.


     3.   Now your minute:


     Dr Clarke's Para 3

     I endorse your comments. As your papers will reveal the earlier advice was taken
     after obtaining Legal input and was based on the belief that the 30-year rule
     removed from the department continuing obligations on confidentality. This was of
     course, before the Data Protection legislation of 1998 came into force. It is my
     understanding the recent change in Data Protection still provides for a duty of
     confidentiality and that our position should be unchanged. AD/E&MG OMD may be
     able to give further advice.


     Para 6
  . ..
••e      DEFE 3111 19 (together with 118) was one of two files that came to light during DR's
         ongoing review of record holding in DIS. They were discovered by my staff during
         1997 and following review transferred to the PRO. So far as 119 is concerned the
         complete file has not been released. One sentence, unrelated to the subject of "ufos"
         continues to be retained on intelligence grounds. I have asked my staff to investigate
         with DIS whether subsequent parts survive. You should note from the attached
         (Annex B) I suspect not! I will let you know the outcome in due course.


         Para 8

         I can confirm that fl/ 5/311 is at the PRO waiting release at the normal point ie
         january 2001. The Public Records Act permits the release of records in advance of
         the 30-year point. Administrative action takes normally three or four months and
         specifically requires the Lord Chancellor's formal agreement (Section 5(1) of the Act
         applies). I would not normally suggest we take such action at such a late stage in the
         year, it is just possible the PRO would take the line that in view of its imminent
         release in just over four months no useful purpose would be served. Alternatively,
         the MOD could recall the record from Kew and permit Dr Clarke to view it in
         department. This would of course set an interesting precedent at least so far as Dr
         Clarke is concerned. A final option, would not exemption 10 apply "publication and
         prematurely in relation to publication."?

         Para 9


         Dr Clarke's request for the release of DEFE 44/ T and DEFE 21 is being handled by
         this branch. I very much doubt that DEFE 44/ 1 will be released. It is solely a list of
         DSI / DSTI reports etc created from 1946, something in the region of 2,000 entries.
         The register is intelligence sensitive simply by virtue of a majority of the titles.
         Reports that survive ie have been passed to Defence Records and have been selected
         for preservation are identifiable in the PRO catalogue . To date this category consists
         of just 11 7 reports.

         4. I hope that this is helpful.
LOOSE MINUTE

D/Sec( AS )64/3

7 August 2000

ADIE&MGOMD
DRl


CODE REQUEST- PUBLIC CORRESPONDENCE

1. Please see attached a copy of a letter we received this morning from Dr Clarke
who, as you will be aware, had previously requested access to MOD files from 1969
onwards on 'unidentified flying objects'. We have refused his request under
Exemption 9 of the Code of Practice (voluminous or vexatious request) and
Exemption 12 (Privacy of an individual). We did however, say th~t if he. CQQl_dl>e
more specific about ·dates, we would be happy to see what could be released, hence
the letter attached. We have acknowledged receipt ofDr Clarke's letter and propose
to put together a reply but would be grateful for your advice as follows;

       Para 3 -DRl
       We consider that all members of the public who contact the department,
       whether in writing or by telephone, have a right to expect that we will respect
       their privacy and not disclose their details to a third party. We do not
       specifically ask them if they wish us to keep this confidentiality. I do not know
       if this comes under aliy kind of formal rule (Maybe the Data Protection Act). I
       would welcome your views.

       Para 4- ADIE&MG OMD
       We thought we might offer Dr Clarke copies offiles for a period of 1 year
       (similar to the case                 and ask him to choose a year. We could
       retrieve the appropriate files from archives, copy them and remove all the
       personal details. We believe itcould amount to 8 or more files depending on
       the year he chose. Do you think this is a reasonable offer to make to him?

       Para5
       We are not proposing to offer any advice or comment on this paragraph.

       Para 6-DRl
       Please could you advise on Dr Clarke' s request for access to DEFE 31/119
       between 1968 and 1981 .

       Para 7
       We could look at this in addition to the year offered at paragraph 4 if he
       chooses another year.

       Para8-DR1
       Do you know where Meteorological Office files are kept and who would need
       to contact them about access (Dr Clarke?, Sec(AS)? you?).
                   Para 9- DRl
                   I would welcome your comments concerning Dr Clarke's request to have
                   access to files in the DEFE44/l and DEFE2l series from 1946 to 1969.

2 . If you have any comments on anything in Dr Clarke's letter that I have not
specifically asked for your advice on, please feel free to offer your thoughts.


Sec(AS)2al
MB8245 -


   ,, ....   -~-   .. -·;r.- . .... ~·.,.··.- ..
                                                   .... -·· --:-·•·.   •.·,:: ·~.·   "' -~-   .   ; ·, ··- ~~   .-                             ~       -
                                                                                                                                                     . . .. . . ·-.           ..
                                                                                                                     .. ~ ··--·-- -·R.;•,. T .... ;.. ~:...:.- ..o:~:;..:: :.:.;..•_.;~.
                                                                                                                                                                                           . .
                                                                                                                                                                                           ~-..:.
                                                    -.         .


                                                                             .
-
                               . ~'-r\> ~ ·. :~~-:.
                                                                         ... .'
                                                                         : ..
Room 1.01
Minstry of Defence
3-5 Great Scotland Yard                                                  .
                                   :__ _. _. . ... . ..:.. :. - ·. - -
London SWlA 2HW                                                                   7 August 2000


Your Reference: DR/3/7/8


                       Defence Intelligence Staff: Registered Files


De~

Thank you for your letter 31 July, in reply to my application fo~· the release of certain
Defence Intelligence and predecessor departments records in the DEFE class.

Thanks also for clarifying the position with regards to the status of the records within
DEFE 31/19,64 and DEFE 44/1, which are currently retained in department in
accordance with Section 3(4) of the Public Records Act 1958.

I very much appreciate your intention to arrange for a rereview of the closed records to
which I requested access, and I hope I can provide some additional information which
may help this process. Could I point out that of the 30 files concerned, I am solely
interested in locating those records or minutes which relate to the subject of 'unidentified
flying objects' which may also be referred to as 'aerial phenomena' , 'unidentified
aircraft' 'flying saucers' or 'anomolous radar tracks.' This may help save you time and
effort in your rereview, and I hope the information in this letter will help you locate the
specific records to which I refer.

  I am led to believe it was the Air Ministry's policy, until 1962, to routinely destroy
  records relating to unidentified flying objects at five yearly intervals. ~ractice~s    C~.e.ck,
..ended following Parl~entary Qu~~i.?.~~s.!!!2.~Lm~~~~~Y~. ~e~p__~~s.~~e Mvp C:-
  s~s;e f9§2. However, a numoerot Atr M1mstry UF<5 recordsrrom ffie 1Si50s, eSpeciall"y
  "~'here these rdate to Parliamentary Questions, have survived and are available for
  viewing at the PRO. The location of Intelligence records relating to UFOs, generated by
 DSTIIDSI, remains a mystery but there are clues which suggest at least some did survive
  and are still retained by the MOD under Section 3(4) above._
There are references in some of the PRO files which relate to Intelligence papers on
UFOs generated by the DSTI staff during this period. For example, I'm enclosing a copy
of a loose minute found in PRO file Air 2/18117 sent to Department S4 (Air) by J.E .       wl-
Dickison ofDI55 on 13 December 1967. It describes how staffhad "recovered;._twoQ.U b
Intelligence files on UFOs for the period 1951·52, and refers to one of these specifically
as "report DSI/JTIC Report No.7- Unidentified Flying Objects." This is good evidence
that at least some Intelligence files on UFOs did survive from this period.

From an examination of the PRO catalogue, it would appear these files - if they still exist
- should be listed under the DEFE class 44/1 which is a register of JSTIIDSTIIDSI
reports and memoranda for the period from 1946 onwards. DEFE 31/19 and 64 may also
contain Intelligence reports on UFOs for the period 1967·1972 which should have been
retained under the 1962 policy referred to above.

I hope this information assists in your rereview of the documents I have described and I
look forward to hearing from you in due course,
MFB/3
                                    AF/PS 427/67
                                    Unidentified Flying Objects
                                    ~g Cdr Sir Eric Bullus, M.P.      E/JO
                                    Julian J. A. Hennessey, Esq.


        S4 (Air) MOD   (Mr. W. P. Cassell)


        1.    Further to your ~17, we have recovered a 11 but two of the
        .'Metrorole' (ie Intelligence) files on UFOs frr the period
        1951-2.
        ,0 •  The files examined indicate tllat Topcliffe-Meteor incide'1t,
        which f'ccurred dllring the NATO Exercise i'":AINBHACE, was typical
        of reports ab~ut such aircraft at that time.        (The Meteor
        was being extensively operated in a variety of rnles and was
        tile first UK jet tn be so deployed).
        3.   As regards the particular incident tile 'object' only
        appeared tn c0me from the aircraft.     There is no specific
        evidence in the files examined so far, that ttle object tracked
        or came from the aircraft.     In fact, the trajectory of-rhe---
        apparent C>b,iect was not established in absoltJ.te terms and thus
        typical questions such as true range have not been answered.

        4.   We Cl)nsider that the report DSI/JTIC Report No 7      L
        Unidentified FlyingObjects covers the situation as a whole,~
        such activity at that time.    Similar remarks apply tn the
        observed radar anomilies wtlich occurred at that time.


                                      (J. C. DICKISON)
                                      DI55
                                      RC•OM 4/58 EXT 52 30
                                      Metro1•ole Building
                                      13th December 1967
To :      Defence Records 1 - Sensitivity           From:       Defence Records 1
                                                                Room 1.01
                                                                Great Scotland Yard


Date:

Your Ref:
                 08 August 2000

                                                    Our Ref:
                                                            -   DR/ 3 / 7/ 8


               ENQUIRY FROM A MEMBER OF THE PUBLIC: DEFENCE INTELLIGENCE FILES

Reference : My memos dated 31 july and 1 August 2000.

1. I attach a photocopy of Dr Clarke's response to my letter acknowledging his request for the
   review of a large number of Dl files recorded as retained in department in accordance with 53(4)
       of the PRA.

2. In an attempt to be helpful he further expands on his area of interest - Mufos" - notwithstanding
   this limited area of interest please ensure that the 64 files (approx) are reviewed with the view to
       possible release. Please advise of any that might fall into his area of interest, whether releasable
       or not. I am of course aware of the reference to "ufos" in DEFE 44/ 1 DSI/}TIC Report No 7-
       Unidentified Flying Objects. Of which no copy is known to have survived. I believe that there are
       no other references in this piece to this particular phenomena, but confirm.

3. Finally, Dr Clarke has written separately to Sec(AS) about access to a variety of files including
       those that continue the run preserved at the PRO as OEFE 13! 118 & 119. Former reference
       Dl/55/40/9/1 Parts 1 & 2. Please                        bring me up to date on his review of 01
       material in general and specifically 0155 material. I seem to recall that 3 or 4 years ago, when
       visiting Dl 55, he became aware that, other that these two files, no other "ufo" files survived until
       the late 1 970s or was it the late 1980s (?). He also saw documentary evidence recording the
       destruction of these parts. Can he provide dates of destruction for each file part and the dates
       covered by each file (or better still copies of th


Rank:                 C2                     Name in Block Letter     -
                                                                                               [((
                   From:                 SEC(AS)2A1
                   MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                   Room 8245, Main Building, Whitehall, London, SW1A 2HB
                                                            Telephone   (Dil'ect dial)   020 7218 2140   -
                                                                        (Switchboard)    020 7218 9000
                                                                        (Fax)
                                                                        (GTN)


Dr David Clarke


                                                               Your Reference
                                                               OW  Ryferenc7:
                                                               B'\~;c~AS)64 3
                                                               7 August 2000


Dear Dr "Clarke·

Thank you for your letter dated 1 August concerning your request for access to MOD files.

We are giving your request carefully consideration and consulting other branches where
necessary. As you are aware, we aim to send a substantive reply to all letters within 20 days of .
receipt and if it looks as if we will be unable to meet this deadline we will write to you again.

                                      Yours sincerely,
                       :   ~           ......
                               .·::.:•:-


                                                Dr David Clarke

            ~ . ; ~ UG2000


                                                1 August, 2000
Your reference: D/Sec(AS)64/3


Many thanks for your detailed letter of25 July with reference to my request to view
MOD files relating to 'unidentified flying objects.'

Firstly, I realise your staff have many other more pressing defence-related duties and I
apologise if my request has added to that burden. I contacted the Freedom of
Information office on 20 July inquiring as to what had become of my original request,
simply because I was concerned that my letter had gone astray, or had been sent to the
wrong department, as I had not at that stage received an acknowledgement. Almost
immediately I received your acknowledgement in the post, and would like to make it
clear that I have always been satisfied with the helpful and detailed responses received
from the MOD's Secretariat (Air Staft) on the occasions I have contacted your
department in the past.

With regards to my request to view files, I accept that my request for access to files
covering the period 1969 to present was a little ambitious in terms of staff time. From
your response, it appears that the main obstacle preventing the use of these files for
research projects such as my own is the Exemption 9 in the Code of Practice which
relates to Privacy of the individual. You say you receive up to 400 sighting reports
each year and a similar number of letters, but I wonder if you could specifY how many
of the individuals who contact the department in any one year have requested that their
personal details should remain confidential for 30 years? From cursory viewing of the
files which are available at the PRO relating to the period before 1969, I cannot recall
finding one single request of this kind, and indeed many of the sightings and letters
relate to events which are already in the "public domain,, for example have already
been reported in newspapers and other media.

While I would question the basis upon which my request has been refused, I do not
wish to add to your administrative burden by asking for a review or involving my MP
at this stage. I would be more happy to take up your offer of help to locate "a more
limited amount of material" which might fall within the terms of your Code of Practice
for Access to Government Information. I would be happy to guided by yourself as to
what you feel would be a reasonable request for access to a "limited amount" of
material.

Further to your offer, firstly I would like to point out that my research is not
specifically concerned with the details of individual ''UFO sightings" reported • by
••   individuals to the MOD. I am more interested in studying the evolution of how the old
     Air Ministry, and later the MOD, dealt with these kind of inquiries, how policy on this
     subject was formulated, and how that policy has been influenced by specific incidents,
     Government policy, Parliamentary questions, scientific opinion and the media.

     To this end, I have found the material in the Defence Intelligence Staff registered files
     particularly of interest. Of the two files currently available at the PRO, DEFE 31/118
     (UFO policy 1953-63) and DEFE 311119 (UFO Policy 1967) contain precisely the
     category of information I am seeking: for example internal memorandums, draft policy
     documents etc. There is little, if any, correspondence from the public contained within
     these files which fall within Exemption 12 (Privacy) or the exemptions relating to
     national security. Further to this detail, I would like to apply for access to the sequence
     of files which follow DEFE 311119 and which presumably relate to UFO policy,
     between the years 1968 and 1981. This request relates to specific files, falling within a
     specified period of time, so you may feel it would be worthwhile employing a more
     focussed search to retrieve and scrutinise these papers on my behalf.

     In terms of Air Staff files relating to sighting/s reported by the general public, the one
     specific file I wish to view relates to UFO/unidentified aircraft sightings reported to the
     MOD during the month of January 1974. Following the file sequence at the PRO I
     suspect this file would be be found at the reference Air 20/12556 (Air 20/12555 relates
     to December 1973).

     I would also like to apply for access to a file produced by the Meteorological Office
     for the MOD, reference BJ 5/311 titled "Unidentified Flying Objects: meteorological
     aspects" which relates to the period 1968-1970. This file is due to be opened at the
     PRO on 1 January 2001.

     From my research into historical files at the Public Record Office, I suspe~;t there may
     also be memoranda and reports relating to UFOs in the 1950s hidden witli}he Defence
     Intelligence Files, class numbers DEFE 44/1 and DEFE 21, and I have contacted the
     MOD Departmental Record Officer separately with a request for access to this
     material. DEFE 44 contains papers from as far back as 1946, but these remain
     classified because the file also contains material from 1991. I would like to request
     access to the block of files and memoranda which relate to the period 1946 to 1969,
     which should be available for scrutiny under the Freedom oflnformation Act.

     I hope you will feel it is possible to allow me to have access to at least some of the
     material specified in this letter, for use in what is a bona fide academic research
     programme. I would be happy to meet any reasonable costs incurred as a result of this
     application, and would be willing to sign any undertakings related to Data Protection
     or Official Secrets which you might feel appropriate. In addition, I will be h&ppy to
     provide the MOD with a copy of my completed research paper, which I plan to publish
     via the National Centre for English Cultural Tradition at the University of Sheffield.

     In making this request, I am simply responding to the Government's and the MOD's
     own stated manifesto pledge to "establish a general statutory right of access to official
     records and through culture change throughout the public sector" (MOD website).
     This laudable aim will only be seen to working in practise if reasonable requests for
.·-.


       access to non-sensitive material, a category I feel my request falls within, are
       successful. This touches upon the discussion I mentioned I had with the MODIRAF
       Press Office in January this year, when I tried to follow up a story in the national Press
       which suggested that all files relating to UFOs were soon to be released to the PRO. I
       was told at that time by the duty Press Officer that the former minister Peter Kilfoyle
       had indeed expressed the opinion that there was no good reason for keeping files
       related to UFOs restricted for 30 years. He said release of UFO data was likely to be a
       priority following "a review of the files." There was, I was told, "a general move
       within the department to give out information that is not security sensitive and take
       away the myth of secrecy that surrounds this subject."

       I hope we will be able to reach an agreement on access to the limied amount of files
       specified in this letter, and that this application will not be too onerous upon your
       department's time.

       I am copying this reply to ~t OMD/AD, Room 617, Northumberland
       House, so that he is aware that I am happy with the expeditious and helpful way you
       have dealt with my inquiry.
  •
  e


                                                                         1 August, 2000
                  Your reference: D/Sec(AS)64/3


                  D~
                  Many thanks for your detailed letter of 25 July with reference to my request to view
                  MOD files relating to 'unidentified flying objects.'

                  Firstly, I r~se your _staifilave ritllJ!Y._.Qth~LIRQf.~~ pressing defence-:related duties.andl .-~---·· ·· - ....... .
                  apologise if my request has added to that burden. I contacted the Freedom of
                  Information office on 20 July inquiring as to what had become of my original request,
                  simply because I was concerned that my letter had gone astray, or had been sent to the
                  wrong department, as I had not at that stage received an acknowledgement. Almost
                  immediately I received your acknowledgement in the post, and would like to make it
                  clear that I have always been satisfied with the helpful and detailed responses received
                  from the MOD's Secretariat (Air Staff) on the occasions I have contacted your
                  department in the past.

                  With regards to my request to view files, I accept that my request for access to files
                  covering the period 1969 to present was a little ambitious in terms of staff time. From
                  your response, it appears that the main obstacle preventing the use of these files for
                  research projects such as my own is the Exemption 9 in the Code of Practice which
                  relates to Privacy of the individual. You say you receive up to 400 sighting reports
                  each yell£ and a similar number ofletters, but I wonder if you could specify how many
                  of the individuals who contact the department in any one year have requested that their
                  personal details should remain confidential for 30 years? From cursory viewing of the
                  files which are available at the PRO relating to the period before 1969, I cannot recall
                  finding one single request of this kind, and indeed many of the sightings and letters
                  relate to events which are already in the ..public domain", for example have already
                  been reported in newspapers and other media.

      \        While I would question the basis upon which my request has been refused, I do not
  ~~           wish to add to your administrative burden by asking for a review or involving my MP
~ ~\V.,e;r at this stage. I would be more happy to take up your offer of help to iocate "a more
      .\ f..f' limited amount of material" which ~ght fall within the terms o~ your Code of Practice
          I    for Access to Govennnent Informat1on. I would be happy to gwded by yourself as to
 I?; .· 8      what ~ou feel would be a reasonable request for access to a "limited amount" of
      c ·      matenal.

              { Further to your offer. firstly I would like to point out that my research is not
              l specifically concerned with the details of individual 'lJFO sightings" reported • by
individuals to the MOD. I am more interested in studying the evolution of how the old
Air Ministry, and later the MOD, dealt with these kind of inquiries, how policy on this
subject was formulated, and how that policy has been influenced by specific incidents,
Government policy, Parliamentary questions, scientific opinion and the media.

To this end, I have found the material in the Defence Intelligence Staff registered files
particularly of interest. Of the two files currently available at the PRO, DEFE 31/118
(UFO policy 1953-63) and DEFE 31/l19 (UFO Policy 1967) contain precisely the
category of information I am seeking: for example internal memorandums, draft policy
documents etc. There is little, if any, correspondence from the public contained within
these files which fall within Exemption 12 (Privacy) or the exemptions relating to
national security. Further to this detail, I would like to apply for access to the sequence   r·
of files which follow DEFE 31/119 and which presumably relate to UFO policy,
between the years 1968 and 1981. This request relates to specific files, falling within a
specified period of time, so you may feel it would be worthwhile employing a more
focussed search to retrieve and scrutinise these papers on my behalf.

In terms of-Air -Staffilles relating to sighting!s reported by the general public, the one
specific file I wish to view relates to UFO/unidentified aircraft sightings reported to the
MOD during the month of January 1974. Following the file sequence at the PRO I
suspect this file would be be found at the reference Air 20/12556 (Air 20/12555 relates
to December 1973).

I would also like to apply for access to a file produced by the Meteorological Office
for the MOD, reference BJ 5/311 titled "Unidentified Flying Objects: meteorological
aspects" which relates to the period 1968-1970. This file is due to be opened at the
PRO on 1 January 200 1.

From my research into historical files at the Public Record Office, I suspect there may
also be memoranda and reports relating to UFOs in the 1950s hidden witli}he Defence
Intelligence Files, class numbers DEFE 44/1 and DEFE 21, and I have contacted the
MOD Departmental Record Officer separately with a request for access to this
material. DEFE 44 contains papers from as far back as 1946, but these remain
classified because the file also contains material from 1991. I would like to request
access to the block of files and memoranda which relate to the period 1946 to 1969,
which should be available for scrutiny under the Freedom oflnfonnation Act.

I hope you will feel it is possible to allow me to have access to at least some of the
material specified in this letter, for use in what is a bona fide academic research
programme. I would be happy to meet any reasonable costs incurred as a result of this
a-ppi~Cation, and would be willing to sign any undertakings related to Data Protection
or Official Secrets which you might feel appropriate. In addition, I will be happy to
provide the MOD with a copy of my completed research paper, which I plan to publish
via the National.Centre for English Cultural Tradition at the Universitv of Sheffield.
       -----------..::-----~----
In making this request, I am simply responding to the Government's and the MOD's
own stated manifesto pledge to "establish a general statutory right of access to official
records and through culture change throughout the public sector" (MOD website).
This laudable aim will only be seen to working in practise if reasonable requests for
   .
   e
                 access to non-sensitive material, a category I feel my request falls within, are
                 successful. This touches upon the discussion I mentioned I had with the MODIRAF
                 Press Office in January this year, when I tried to follow up a story in the national Press
                 which suggested that all files relating to UFOs were soon to be released to the PRO. I
                 was told at that time by the duty Press Officer that the former minister Peter Kilfoyle
                 had indeed expressed the opinion that there was no good reason for keeping files
                 related to UFOs restricted for 30 years. He said release of UFO data was likely to be a
                 priority following "a review of the files." There was, I was told, "a general move
                 within the department to give out information that is not security sensitive and·take
                 away the myth of secrecy that surrounds this subject.,

                 I hope we will be able to r~ch an agreement on access to the limied amount of files
                 specified in this letter, and that this application will not be too onerous upon your
                 department's time.

                      I am copying this reply to~t OMD/AD, Room 617, Northumberland
_ ...........: ... ', House,.so.that he is aware thatl am happy.with..the~peditious and helpful way yo.•-----· ·-- ··------ · - ·
                      have dealt with my inquiry.
  .
  e


                                                                      1 August, 2000
              Your reference: D/Sec(AS)64/3


              Dear

              Many thanks for your detailed letter of 25 July with reference to my request to view
              MOD files relating to 'unidentified flying objects.•

            __ FiJ:stly, !_~e~s~ _yq~r .staff J::tave tPru!Y ..Q~he.t.more. p~e.ssing defence.-:related.,duties .and L--~ -~~ -. .-. . --- . -
               apologise if my request has added to that burden. I contacted the Freedom of
               Information office on 20 July inquiring as to what had become of my original request,
               simply because I was concerned that my letter had gone astray, or had been sent to the
               wrong department, as I had not at that stage received an acknowledgement. Almost
               immediately I received your acknowledgement in the post, and would like to make it
               clear that I have always been satisfied with the helpful and detailed responses received
               from the MOD's Secretariat (Air Staff) on the occasions I have contacted your
               department in the past.

              With regards to my request to view files, I accept that my request for access to files
              covering the period 1969 to present was a little ambitious in terms of staff time. From
              your response, it appears that the main obstacle preventing the use of these files for
              research projects such as my own is the Exemption 9 in the Code of Practice which
              relates to Privacy of the individual. You say you receive up to 400 sighting reports
              each year and a similar number of letters, but I wonder if you could specify how many
              of the individuals who contact the department in any one year have requested that their
              personal details should remain confidential for 30 years? From cursory viewing of the
              files which are available at the PRO relating to the period before 1969, I cannot recall
              finding one single request of this kind, and indeed many of the sightings and letters
              relate to events which are already in the "public domain", for example have already
              been reported in newspapers and other media.

      \     While I would question the basis upon which my request has been refused, I do not
  )-~

      \v    wish to add to your administrative burden by asking for a review or involving my .MP
.rl ~\yed"' at this stage. I would be more happy to take up your offer of help to iocate "a more


  ~ ._
        ·
            limited amount of material" which ~ght fall within the terms o~ your Code of Practice
            for Access to Government Information. I would be happy to gutded by yourself as to
            what you feel would be a reasonable request for access to a "limited amount" of
       8
            material.


             IFurther to your offer. firstly I would like to point out that my research is not
              specifically concerned with the details of individual "UFO sightings" reported • by
individuals to the MOD. I am more interested in studying the evolution of how the old
Air Ministry, and later the MOD, dealt with these kind of inquiries, how policy on this
subject was formulated, and how that policy has been influenced by specific incidents,
Government policy, Parliamentary questions, scientific opinion and the media.

To this end, I have found the material in the Defence Intelligence Staff registered files
particularly of interest. Of the two files currently available at the PRO, DEFE 31/118
(UFO policy 1953-63) and DEFE 31/119 (UFO Policy 1967) contain precisely the
category of information I am seeking: for example internal memorandums, draft policy ·
documents etc. There is little, if any, correspondence from the public contained within
these files which fall within Exemption 12 (Privacy) or the exemptions relating to
national security. Further to this detail, I would like to apply for access to the sequence      r·
of files which follow DEFE 311119 and which presumably relate to UFO policy,
between the years 1968 and 1981. This request relates to specific files, falling within a ;
specified period of time, so you may feel it would be worthwhile employing a more
focussed search to retrieve and scrutinise these papers on my behalf

                                                                                                          i\\;t
fu ternis of Air Staff files relating to . sight~gts ~ep~rted by-ihe general public, tbe 'One~-·- ,......-. ~
specific file I wish to view relates to UFO/unidentified aircraft sightings reported to the            ~~
MOD during the month of January 1974. Following the file sequence at the PRO I                    , ~~~--     :f
suspect this file would be be found at the reference Air 20/12556 (Air 20/12555 relates ~~~
to December 1973).                                                                                   ~ _ -~"'-•'L""'
                                                                                                           ~ •v-
I would also like to apply for access to a file produced by the Meteorological Office
for the MOD, reference BJ 5/311 titled ''Unidentified Flying Objects: meteorological
aspects" which relates to the period 1968-1970. This file is due to be opened at the
PRO on 1 January 2001.

From my research into historical files at the Public Record Office, I sus~t there may
also be memoranda and reports relating to UFOs in the 1950s hidden witll}he Defence
Intelligence Files, class numbers DEFE 44/1 and DEFE 21, and I have contacted the
MOD Departmental Record Officer separately with a request for access to this
material. DEFE 44 contains papers from as far back as 1946, but these remain
classified because the file also contains material from 1991. I would like to request
access to the block of files and memoranda which relate to the period 1946 to 1969,
which should be available for scrutiny under the Freedom of Information Act.

I hope you will feel it is possible to allow me to have access to at least some of the
material specified in this letter, for use in what is a bona fide academic research
programme. I would be happy to meet any reasonable costs incurred asa~t of this
application, and would be willing to sign any undertakings related to Data Protection
or Official Secrets which you might feel appropriate. In addition, I will be happy to
provide the MOD with a copy of my completed research paper, which I plan to publish
via the ~ational .C~for En~~h C~!~~~~n at ~~niv~_!~~·

 In making this request, I am simply responding to the Government's and the MOD' s
·own stated manifesto pledge to "establish a general statutory right of access to official
 records and through culture change throughout the public sector" (MOD website).
 This laudable aim will only be seen to working in practise if reasonable requests for
.
e
    access to non-sensitive material, a category I feel my request falls within, are
    successful. This touches upon the discussion I mentioned I had with the MODIRAF
    Press Office in January this year, when I tried to follow up a story in the national Press
    which suggested that all files relating to UFOs were soon to be released to the PRO. I
    was told at that time by the duty Press Officer that the former minister Peter Kilfoyle
    had indeed expressed the opinion that there was no good reason for keeping files
    related to UFOs restricted for 30 years. He said release of UFO data was likely to be a
    priority following "a review of the files." There was, I was told, "a general move
    within the department to give out information that is not security sensitive and·take
    away the myth of secrecy that surrounds this subject."

    I hope we will be able to reach an agreement on access to the limied amount of files
    specified in this letter, and that this application will not be too onerous upon your
    department's time.

    I am copying this reply to -            t OMD/AD, Room 617, Northumberland
    House, . so.that he is aware that 1 am happywith-.the ~xpeditious and helpful way yo~- ··--·- ·· ·-- · -
    have dealt with my inquiry.
                 MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                                                     Room 1.01
                                                                                                   Is-
                 3-5 Great Scotland Yard, London SWl A 2HW

                                                                  Tele:   (Direct dial)
                                                                          (Switchboard)
                                                                           (Fax)


                                    ... . --· .·.·

                                                                 Your Reference
Dr D Clarke
                                                                 Our Reference
                                                                 DR/3/7 /8
                                                                 Date
                                                                 31 july 2000


Defence Intelligence Staff: Registered Files


Thank you for your letter dated 21 July 2000 concerning the status of records - DEF£ 31I 19, and
64, DEF£ 44/1 and DEFE 21 - selected for preservation at the Public Record Office that are           I .
retained in department in accordance with Section 3(4) of the Public Records Acts, 1958, and
your wish for these records to be released.


As you may be aware all government departments are required to review their records in
accordance with the terms ofthe Public Records Act, 1958 and 1967. Records selected for
permament preservation are transferred into the custody of the Public Record Office (or some
other suitable institution) where they generally become available to the public after 30 years ie
the "30-year rule". Records not selected for permament preservation are destroyed.


The very few records that are too sensitive for release at the normal 30-year point may be closed
by either being retained in department (Section 3(4) of the Act)) or by being placed on extended
closure for a period between 40 and 90 years (Section 5(1 )). Retained records are closed under
the authority of the Lord Chancellor, but are subject to a rereview at least once every 10 years
until release into the public domain is possible. Records closed under the extended closure
arrangement are transferred to the PRO for release at the future designated date. The status of
whole files either retained or subject to extended closure is noted on the PRO catalogue. Where
pages from files are subject to a similar process a "dummy" or a photocopy of the redacted
pages are appropriately endorsed.


However, the White Paper on Open Government, Cm 2290, published july 1993 set out a number
of initiatives that, subject to resources, would see the rel~ase of records hither to closed for
more that 30 years. For example, greater use of the extraction and redaction techniques
' whereby sensitive papers or passages could be removed thereby permitting the release of some
  part of a file, and to consider ad hoc requests from researchers of records closed for longer than
30 years. As a result of these and other initiatives the Ministry of Defence has released in excess
of 11,750 records originally closed for longer than 30 years.

So far as your request for the release of certain Defence Intelligence and predecessor
departments records is concerned DEFE 31/19, 64 and DEF£ 44/1 are all retained in department
in accordance with Section 3(4) of the Public Records Act, 1958. From a cursory examination of
the PRO catalogue on the Internet I note that 34 of the 72 records assigned to class DEF£ 21 are
open and available to the public.

In keeping with the MOD's commitment to greater openness I am prepared to arrange for the
rereview of the closed records you have expressed an interest in. You will appreciate that our
review programme for the year is well established thus the review of more than 30 additional
files will have an impact on my cr:>,rra
 in about tWo months.
                                              Dr David Clarke


Departmental Record Officer
Defence Records
Room 7/40
Metropole Building
Northumberland Avenue
London WC2N SBL
                                              21 July 2000

Dear Sir/Madam,


                       Defence Intelligence Staff: Registered Files

The Enquiry staff at the Public Record Office have suggested that I write to you in order
to follow up an enquiry concerning the status of a group of MOD files which are
currentl.y "retained by the Department under section 3 (4) of the Public Record Act
1958."

The files in question all appear to have been deposited at the Public Record Office. They
fall under the class reference DEFE and contain papers generated by the work of the
MOD Defence Intelligence Staff. They include:

DEFE 31119 DIS and DSTI Intelligence Papers 1967-1970

DEFE 31/64 DIS/DSTI intelligence 1970-1972

DEFE 44/1      DSI, later DSTI: Reports and Memoranda; Register of JSTIIDSTIIDSI
               reports and memoranda, 1946-1991 .

DEFE 21        DSI Registered Files 1950-1964


I understand from the PRO that records would be retained under the 30 year rule until the
latest date in the sequence covered by the file, in which case DEFE 31/19 above should
be available for public scrutiny on 1 January 200 I. Could you confirm if that is the case?


More ...
                                                                                                         • ?-- . · .


        r
    e
J       I
        '


            As for DEFE 44/ 1, although this file contains material more than 50 years old, it might
            not be released until 2021 because it also contains material dating from 1991. In the case
            of files held under class DEFE 21, these apparently contain files created by both the old
            Directorate of Scientific Intelligence between 1950-1964, which should be open;
            however, they also contain later material from the DSTI relating to the period 1964-1991,
            which under the terms of the 1967 Act would remain closed until2021.

            In these circumstances, would it not be possible to make ·an exception and allow access to
            the reports and memoranda contained within those files which specifically relate to the
            period 1946-1969, which would fall under the terms of the 30 year rule?

            I understand that under the Freedom of Information Act all Government records - other
            that those created by the Security and Special Services - should be made available for
            public scrutiny unless it can be demonstrated their disclosure would clearly cause harm
            to "national security, defence and international relations .. .the internal discussion of
            Government policy [and/or] personal privacy."

            I understand from the FOI unit that individual departments do have the power to make
            exceptions and allow access to 'closed' material for research purposes in certain
            circumstances. In my case, I am researching the UK MOD's involvement in the study of
            Unidentified Flying Objects, both in terms of the Air Staff and Defence and Scientific
            Intelligence, within the context of a sociological study based in an established academic
            department. The research is supported by the University of Sheffield, where I have an
            Honorary Research Fellowship from the National Centre for English Cultural Tradition,
            School of English.

            I wish to apply for access to the files specified above under the Freedom of Information
            Act, and I would appreciate any information you can provide with regards to their current
            closure status under the current Access to Public Records Act, 1967.

            I hope you are able to help and look forward to hearing from you,
                  From:                OMD/AD(Efficiency & Machinery of Government)
                                                                                                           \ l -~
                                                                                                            ~       . ,.

                  MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                  Room 617, Northumberland House, Northumberland Avenue,                     . ·.   ; .)
                                                                                                    '•.
                  London WC2N 5BP
                                                              Telephone      (Direct dial)
                                                                             (Switchboafd)
                                                                             (Fax)


Dr David Clarke                                                 Your Reference


                                                                Our Reference
                                                                D/DOMD/2/3/2

                                                                Date      27 July 2000


         Thank you for your letter of 20 July                   I have recently taken over
in this post and am now responsible for implementmg               policy on Open Government. am
sorry for the delay in replying but your letter was routed to -        t®l
                                                                   ibYI MOD internal mail system
and was only delivered to me yesterday.
         Your letter asked why you had not received an acknowledgement or a substantive reply to
a letter written on 21 June requesting access to a series of files relating to UFOs and UFO policy.
I have checked with the MOD officials in the MOD's Secretariat(Air Staff), who handled your
request, and you may fmd it helpful to know the background to dealing with your request. Your
letter of21 June was received in the Secretariat(Air Staff) on 23 June and they set about
researching your request (which involved looking through a sample of the very many files
concerned). In the event, this took rather longer than they expected and, when they realised that
they were not going to be able to reply within the 20 working day deadline, I understand they
wrote to you explaining this and promising a substantive reply as soon as possible. This interim
reply was sent on 20 July, which was 19 working days after they had received your letter but 21
working days after you had posted it. A substantive reply was subsequently sent to you on 25
July, ie: 22 working days after they received your letter, which I hope you have now received.
       In retrospect, it would have been better if you had been sent an acknowledgement as soon
as your letter had been delivered to the MOD official who was dealing with your case, and the
Secretariat(Air Staff) accept this.
        I understand you are also in correspondence with MOD's Departmental Records Officer
over a request to view some Defence Intelligence files . I have asked that your request is processed
as soon as possible.
       I hope this explains the position. If you have any other problems with requesting ·
information from the MOD, either with the time taken to receive a reply or with the information
provided, please let me know.
  SEC(AS)2
  From:     Hd of DR1


                                                                                                    I~
  Sent:     26 July 2000 08:16
  To:       SEC(AS)2

/.,./~~R DAVID CLArKE
~eee_k.
  You would wish to be aware that following his approach to you for access to "ufo" files Dr
  Clarke's has now written to this office about 60 plus "intelligence" files identified on the lists at
  the PRO that are retained by the department that he wishes to see released.

  As with similar requests for the release of records more than 30 years old that are closed in
  accordance in the terms ofthe Public Record-; Act I will initiate a review of the records. As an
  interim measure I will acknowledge his letter and further advise him that the review is likely to
  take several months.

  You may also wish to note that he claims in him letter that his research is supported by the
  University of Sheffield where he has an Honorary Research Fellowship from the National Council
  for English Cultural Tradition, School of English(!).


 26/07/00
••

                     Fro                  OMDlAD(Efficiency & Machinery of Government)
                     MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                     Room 617, Northumberland House, Northumberland Avenue,
                     London WC2N SBP                                                                     /2_
                                                                 Telephone     (Direct dial)
                                                                               (Switchboard)
                                                                               (Fax)
                                                                                               ....
                                                                                               ~2o-
                                                                                                 ELi!    j
                                                                                                  72t8-00w-


                                                                    Your Reference


                             ~ ' ?;,. l~     "-{__t' ~ -            Our Reference

                               V\o~ ~V          ·-    ~
                                                                    Date     26 July 2000
                              "br c_~y~        ~ '
                               ~\?')~                ~- c:)

                               r..o'v- ~ CA.          ~~ ~
                               ·2..o   ao..rs--         t~ ~~
                                 D(.R -    ;~ -{o.c h>o..\4__) c..CN-S ,e e:.\.- .

          ~u for your letter of 20 July to                       I have recently taken over
     from ~s post and am now responsible for implementing MOD's policy on Open
     Government. I am sorry for the delay in replying but your letter was routed to~
     MOD internal mail system and was only delivered to me today.
             Your letter asked why you had not received an acknowledgement or a substantive
     reply to a letter written on 21 June requesting access to a series of files relating to UFOs
     and UFO policy. I have checked with the MOD officials in the MOD's Secretariat(Air
     Staff), who handled your request, and you may fmd it helpful to know the background to
     dealing with your request. Your letter of21 June was received in the Secretariat(Air Staff)
     on 23 June and they set about researching your request (which involved looking through a
     sample of the very many files concerned). In the event, this took rather longer than they
     expected and, when they realised that they were not going to be able to reply within the 20
     working day deadline, I understand they wrote to you explaining this and promising a
     substantive reply as soon as possible. This interim reply was sent on 20 July, which was
     19 working days after they had received your letter but 21 working days after you had
     posted it. A substantive reply was subsequently sent to you on 25 July, ie: 22 working
     days after they received your letter, which I hope you have now received.
            In retrospect, it would have been better if you had been sent an acknowledgement
     as soon as your letter had been delivered to the MOD official who was dealing with your
     case, and the Secretariat(Air Staff) accept this.
            I understand you are also in correspondence with MOD's Defence Records division
     over a request to view some Defence Intelligence files. I have asked that your request is
     processed as soon as possible.
           I hope this explains the position. If you have any other problems with requesting
     information from the MOD, either with the time taken to receive a reply or with the
     information provided, please let me know.
                                                                                             Page 1 of 1
 ...

A       SEC(AS)2
. , From:         OMD/AD(E+MG)
        Sent:    26 July 2000 18:35
        To:      SEC(AS}2
        Subject: Dr Clarke

       ~mments on the attached draft? I don't want to be critical of Sec(AS), but am looking forward
       ~robable appeal with the Ombudsman! OK with my para 3?


       31/07/00
                 From:
                 MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                                         SEC(AS)2A1                                       I\
                 Room 8245, Main Building, Whitehall, London, SW1A 2HB
                                                             Telephone   (Direct dia I)   020 7218 21 40
                                                                         (Switchboard)    020 7218 9000
                                                                         (Fax)
                                                                         (GTN)
                                                                                          IQ&CliS: I 46j

Dr D Clarke

                                                               Your Reference
                                                               Ov.r Reference
                                                               D/Sec(AS)64/3
                                                               Date
                                                               25 July 2000


Dear Dr Clarke

Thank you for your letter of 21 June seeking access to MOD files from 1969 onwards on
'unidentified flying objects' for examination, note taking and copying as necessary for your post
doctoral research in to the socio-psychological aspects of belief in aerial phenomena.

The Ministry ofDefence already operates in accordance with the Code ofPractice on Access to
Government Information. It responds positively to any requests for information and no categories
are automatically excluded. Each request is considered on its merits.

As you say, MOD files are subject to the provision of the Public Records Act of 1958 and 1967
and remain closed for 30 years after the last action on the file has been taken. We have, however,
looked carefully to see whether earlier release of the files containing papers relating to 'UFO'
issues might be possible. The Department receives about 400 sighting reports each year and a
similar number of letters from members of the public, some of which may also contain sighting
reports. The information is filed manually in the form it is received on Branch files and therefore
contains the personal details of all those contacting and corresponding with the Department.
MOD has a duty to protect this third party confidentiality and the 30·year period is deemed
appropriate for this purpose. Before access could be given to the material, staff would need to be
diverted from their essential defence-related tasks to retrieve the material from archives and
scrutinise and remove all of the personal information from many th,m,1.sands of documents. The
latter actiotiWOiifcfbe~he~;native:-io-·~~ntact. ev~ry;n~-providtngthe
information to secure their agreement to the release of their personal details, would be
unworkable. Your request is therefore refused under Exemption 9 ofthe Code of Practice on
Access to Government Information (voluminous or vexatious requests and Exemption 12, Privacy
of an individual). We would, of course, be happy to look to see what information might be made
available if you could be more specific abcut dates. This would then enable us to consider
whether a more focussed effort on a limited amount of material might be possible.

I am sorry if any information provided to you by staff in the MOD Press Office has caused a
misunderstanding. At the beginning of the year the department received a number of enquiries
about the release of, and access to, 'UFO' files for 1969. These files were opened in the Public
Record Office in January and it may be that the MOD press officer at the time you made contact
was confused on this particular point.
Finally, I should say that if you are unhappy with the decision to refuse your request for access to
MOD files and wish to appeal, you should write in the first instance to the Ministry of Defence,
DOMD, Room 619, Northumberland House, Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N SBP
requesting that the decision be reviewed. If following the internal review you remain dissatisfied,
you can ask your MP to take up the case with the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration
(the Ombudsman) who can investigate on your behalf. The Ombudsman will not, however,
consider an investigation until the internal review process has been completed.


                              Yours sincerely,
Loose Minute                                                                      (CJ
DR/ 3 / 7/8

21 july 2000

Sec(AS)2


Copy to :

OMD /AD(E&MG)


CODE REQUEST - ACCESS TO FILES


Reference : A. D/ Sec(AS)/64/3 dated 20 July 2000
              B. D/ DOMD/ 2 / 3 dated 20 July 2000

1. Thank you for sight of the correspondence from Dr Clarke and your proposed
    response to him.


2. Paragraph 3 of your draft reply continues to represent the advice previously given
    by this branch and endorsed C+l(F&S)legall following lord Hill- Norton's
    approach to the Department a few years ago. Dr Clarke 's request for access does
    not, in my view, support the need for this advice to be recon sidered.


                                                            -
                                                            Hd DRl
                                                            MTA8 / 3-
LOOSE MINUTE

D/DOMD/2/3

20 July 2000

Sec(AS)2

Copy to:

DRl

CODE REQUEST· ACCESS TO FILES

Reference: D/Sec(AS)/64/3 dated 20 July 2000

       Thank you for the opportunity to comment on your proposed reply to Dr
Clarke's request to examine all MOD files containing information on UFOs.

2.      I agree that Exemption 9 is a valid exemption in this case. In explaining
this to Dr Clarke, it might also be worth quoting Exemption 12 (privacy of an
individual).
3.     If Dr Clarke suggests that he provide an undertaking that he would not
to submit a more focussed request, that would have no bearing on our position -
the duty on MOD is to not release the information. My understanding is that
allowing a third party to view personal information is as much releasing it as if
we gave them a copy. Subject to a change in the Public Records Act or the
Data Protection Act, the only way I can see MOD being able legally to grant
access to these records without anonymising them would be to ask every
person mentioned whether they were happy to have their data released.
4.     It may be worth explaining this to Dr Clarke to help him formulate a
request which does not break these key principles.


                                          (signed]


                                          OMD/AD~
                                          NH617 -
*************** -cOMM. JOURNAL-******************* DATE 20-JUL-2000 *****TIME 11=S2 *** P.01

    MODE = MEMORY TRANSM ISS l ()..J                             START~20-JUL    11:47
        FILE NO.~ 160

Sn.tNO.              RBBR NO.          STATION NAME/ TEL . NO.
  001        OK      Iii                                              005/ 005 00: 1:11 ' 47"
  002        OK      a                                                005/ 005 11J0:1:J1'47"

                                                                        -SECRETAR IAT <AIR STAFF)   -

************************************ -                               - ***** -                          *********


          Loose Minute

          D/Sec(AS)/6413

          20July 2000

          ADIE&MGOMD

          Copy to:

          DRl

          CODE REQUEST- PUBLIC CORRESPONDENCE

          1. We spoke this morning about a letter we have received from a member of the
          public who is seekiDg access to 'UFO' files from 1969. 1attach a copy of the letter
          aDd our proposed response.

          2. We have found Dr Clarke to be tenacious when corresponding on other 'UFO'-
          related issues and I have some concerns about how he might respond to a refusal to
          grant his request What might we say if he replies that he is prepared to give an
          undertaking that he would not record or use any ptnonal details contained in the
          files? He could claim that he was only interested in aggregating the data and
          therefore the personal confidentiality argument would not arise.

          3. If a decision was to be made now or in future to grant access without the material
          being sanitised, how might this be done so as to ensure personal infonnation wa<~ not
          extracted? It is likely that agreement to Dr Clarke's requests would prompt others
          (ufologists with 'UFO' research-related interests and/or the media) to seck similar
          access and a strategy would need to be developed for dealing for dealing with this. I
          am copying this note and attachments to                q any advice he might have on
                                                    1 '-~"""'-'UVI
                                                             I J
          these aspects.

          4. We have aclcnowledged Dr Clarke's letter and advised him that we will provide a
          substantive response shortly.
Loose Minute

D/Sec(AS)/64/3

20 July 2000

AD/E&MGOMD

Copy to:

DRl

CODE REQUEST- PUBLIC CORRESPONDENCE

1. We spoke this morning about a letter we have received from a member of the
public who is seelcing access to 'UFO' files from 1969. I attach a copy of the letter
and our proposed response.

2. We have found Dr Clarke to be tenacious when corresponding on other 'UFO'-
related issues and I have some concerns about how he might respond to a refusal to
grant his request. What might we say if he replies that he is prepared to give an
undertaking that he would not record or use any personal details contained in the
files? He could claim that he was only interested in aggregating the data and
therefore the personal confidentiality argument would not arise.

3. If a decision was to be made now or in future to grant access without the material
being sanitised, how might this be done so as to ensure personal information was not
extracted? It is likely that agreement to Dr Clarke's requests would prompt others
(ufologists with 'UFO' research-related interests and/or the media) to seek similar
access and a strategy would need to be developed for dealing for dealing with this. I
am copying this note and attachments to- -for any advice he might have on
these aspects.

4. We have acknowledged Dr Clarke's letter and advised him that we will provide a
substantive response shortly.


Sec(AS)2
MB8247 -


                                                                                            ,rtTe/~3-
                                                                                                    . ._
                                                1~~~~
                                                    ~----- _1
                                                ~{~1 .                                  .             ]_
...   •


 •
          Draft

          Thank you for your letter of 21 June seeking access to MOD files from 1969 onwards
          on 'unidentified flying objects' for examination, note taking and copying as necessary
          for your post doctoral research in to the socio-psychological aspects of belief in aerial
          phenomena.

          The Ministry of Defence already operates in accordance with the Code of Practice on
          Access to Govermnent Information. It responds positively to any requests for
          information and no categories are automatically excluded. Each request is considered
          on its merits.

          As you say, MOD files are subject to the provision of the Public Records Act of 1958
          and 1967 and remain closed for 30 years after the last action on the file has been
          taken. We have, however, looked carefully to see whether earlier release of the files
          containing papers relating to 'UFO' issues might be possible. The Department
          receives about 400 sighting reports each year and a similar number of letters from
          members of the public, some of which may also contain sighting reports. The
          information is filed manually in the form it is received on Branch files and therefore
          contains the personal details of all those contacting and corresponding with the
          Department. MOD has a duty to protect this third party confidentiality and the 30-
          year period is deemed appropriate for this purpose. Before access could be given to
          the material, staff would need to be diverted from their essential defence-related tasks
          to retrieve the material from archives, and scrutinise and remove all of the personal
          information from many thousands of documents. Your request is therefore refused
          under Exemption 9 of the Code of Practice on Access to Government Information               •
          (voluminous or vexatious requests). We would, of course, be happy to look to see
          what information might be made available if you have a more specific date in mind as
          it would require a more focussed effort on a limited amount of material.

          I am sorry if any information provided to you by staff in the MOD Press Office has
          caused a misunderstanding. At the begiuning of the year the department received a
          number of enquiries about the release of, and access to, 'UFO' files for 1969. These
          files were opened in the Public Record Office in January and it may be that the MOD
          press officer at the time you made contact was confused on this particular point.

          Finally, I should say that if you are unhappy with the decision to refuse your request
          for access to MOD files and wish to appeal, you should write in the first instance to
          the Ministry of Defence, DOMD, Room 619, Northumberland House,
          Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BP requesting that the decision be
          reviewed. If following the internal review you remain dissatisfied, you can ask your
          MP to take up the case with the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration (the
          Ombudsman) who can investigate on your behalf. The Ombudsman will not,
          however, consider an investigation until the internal review process has been
          completed.
                                                                                             Page 1 ofl


 SEC(AS)2A1
  From:    ICL-TECH-COORD
  Sent:    05 July 2000 10:13
  Subject: UNCLASS -Additional Guidance - Parliamentary Enquiries (PEs) and Parliamentary Questions
           (PQs)

 Parliamentary Enquiries (PEs)

 Despite the fact that the PE Unit's guidance clearly asks that drafts be cleared by a
 named official at Grade 7 level or above, increasingly we find that checks have to be
 made to ensure that replies have been so approved. In future, could all drafts please
 include a 'Drafted by/Authorised by' declaration as per Parliamentary Questions.

 Parliamentary Questions (PQs)

 The disproportionate cost threshold for answering PQs has been increased to £550.

 You should take this new cost into account when recommending to Ministers a
 'disproportionate cost' reply.
                                                                                                                     /
                                                                                         I                         .i J
 PARLIAMENTARY CLERK                                                                     · ,.,
                                                                                       ~ - ;A,_
                                                                                                  c __1-· t:::.J. , · · ~


                                                                 ~.::?


06/09/00
•                     From:
                      MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                                                 SEC(AS)2A1

                      Room 8245, Main Building, Whitehall, London, SW1A 2HB                                   -· ..
                                                                                                                         ,-
                                                                                                                              ; ·;
                                                                                                                             .•
                                                                                                                         -· ,·..
                                                                                                                      -..·
                                                                                                                                    .


                                                                                                                                  :'~
                                                                                                                                        ~--


                                                                                                                                        :~


                                                                 Telephone   (Direct dial)
                                                                             (SWitchboard)
                                                                             (Fax)
                                                                                                      iii
                                                                                             020 721 B 2140
                                                                                             020 7218
                                                                                             fj££1!211    I
                                                                             (GTN)


                                                                    Your Reference
                                                                    Our R~ferenc~
                                                                    D/Sec~AS)64/3
                                                                    Date
                                                                    20 July 2000


    Dear Dr Clarke

    1 am writing to acknowledge receipt of your letter of 21 June concerning access to MOU fites
    relating to 'unidentified flying objects'.

    We aim to reply to such letters within four weeks form the date of receipt. However, mving to
    current administrative difficulties it may not be possible to reply to you within this timescale.

    Nevertheless, you may be assured that you wi1l receive a substantive reply as soon as is
    practicable.


                                         Your sincerely,
                                  5
~ 'f'k- twt ro~ =
 - (.)I..(~ ,.,... ~   t- ~ ,.,..u. ,_ ~
  ~ "- ~ .cAt          ~ w IMJl ~ ~~
  old'"~   ~~ ~ 0\I.J~~ k~e~~
  w.. 'c.~~~ ~~~.tAla.~
  ~~~~~~~~


 - www.A ";t- ~ wrJL s~~ iJ1J hMO fD ~   f
  ~ ~          ~ - ~ f-a~ 1M ~ ~ ~
   1f~~9~
                                                      \,     !\,     >L
                                                                   ...
                                                      '-~~ _ \ Sec~ _)
                                                                               '\

                                                    ll,u.g v'\£ed& C)~- '<' 0. ~ Lt
Thank you for your letter of 21 June seeking access to MOD files from 1969 onwards

on 'unidentified flying objects' for examination, note taking and copying as necessary

for your post doctoral research in to the socio-psychological aspects of belief in aerial

phenomena.


The Ministry of Defence already operates in accordance with the Code of Practice on

Access to Government Information. It responds positively to any requests for

information and no categories are automatically excluded. Each request is considered

on its merits.


As you say, MOD files are subject to the provision of the Public Records Act of 1958

and 1967 and remain closed for 30 years after the last action on the file has been

taken. We have, however, looked carefully to see whether earlier release of the files

containing papers relating to 'UFO' issues might be possible. The Department

receives about 400 sighting reports each year and a similar number ofletters from

members of the public, some of which may also contain sighting reports. The

information is filed manually in the form it is received on Branch files and therefore

contains the personal details of all those contacting and corresponding with the

Department. MOD has a duty to protect this third party confidentiality and the 30-

year period is deemed appropriate for this purpose. Before access could be given to

the material, staff would need to be diverted from their essential defence-related tasks

to retrieve the material from archives, and scrutinise and remove all of the personal

information from many thousands of documents. Your request is therefore refused

under Exemption 9 of the Code of Practice on Access to Government Information

(voluminous or vexatious requests). We would, of course, be happy to look to see
•   what information might be made available if you have a more specific date in mind as

    it would require a more focussed effort on a limited amount of material.


    I am sorry if any information provided to you by staff in the MOD Press Office has

    caused a misunderstanding. At the beginning of the year the department received a

    number of enquiries about the release of, and access to, 'UFO' files for 1969. These

    files were opened in the Public Record Office in January and it may be that the MOD

    press officer at the time you made contact was confused on this particular point.


    Finally, I should say that if you are unhappy with the decision to refuse your request

    for access to MOD files and wish to appeal, you should write in the first instance to

    the Ministry of Defence, DOMD, Room 619, Northumberland House,

    Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BP requesting that the decision be

    reviewed. If following the internal review you remain dissatisfied, you can ask your

    MP to take up the case with the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration (the

    Ombudsman) who can investigate on your behalf. The Ombudsman will not,

    however, cousider an investigation until the internal review process has been

    completed.


                                          Yours sincerely,


                                                                   lt Jde.r-._ ~'_:)
                                                                       I


                                                                    wl"J_ o-r~ "''-o.. I
                                                                   Ue()J~l-- ~               Of'A D   1lf-
                                                                                             \* ~f
                                                                       ....   I


                                                                 t                    .. ;   ~·


                                              Dr David Clarke                                     23 JUN 2000
                                                                                  i

                                                                                  , -· Tr~ · .·                ··-· _...... ---
                                                                                                      . . ,... .. .
                                                                                                           ~


Ministry of Defence
Main Building
Whitehall
London SWlA 2HB

                                              21 June 2000


Dear Sir/Madam,

    Freedom of Information- Access to MOD files relating to aerial phenomena

I am undertaking post doctoral research into the socio-psychological aspects of belief in
the aerial phenomena popularly known as 'unidentified flying objects' , as an Honorary
Research Fellow at the National Centre for English · Cultural Tradition, University of
Sheffield.

In particular, I am examining the role played by the mass media in the creation and
transmission of beliefs and rumours about UFOs, and how these have been reflected in
the Ministry of Defence's public policy towards this subject from 1950 to the present.

While a certain amount of useful information can be obtained from the study of Press
reports, the proceedings of Hansard and the records of private researchers, a study of this
kind is reliant upon access to official records such as those available at the Public Record
Office.

Currently access to records kept by the MOD relating to UFO phenomena, including
those relating to the formulation of official policy, are covered by the Access to Public
Records Act, 1967. This has meant that the vast majority of records relating to this
subject are made available for public inspection when they are 30 years old. As a result, a
number of MOD air files relating to UFO reports and policy issues relating to the period
1953-1969 have already been released and are available for study at the PRO.

However, at present records dating from 1969 to the present day remain closed under the
terms of the 1967 Act. Despite this fact, during the past decade the MOD have released
information relating to UFOs in response to individual requests from the public which,
strictly speaking, continue to remain closed under the 30 year rule.
•   Under the definitions used by the Draft Freedom of Information Act (1999) all
    Government records - other that those created by the Security and Intelligence Services -
    should be available for public scrutiny unless it can be demonstrated their disclosure
    would clearly cause harm to "national security, defence and international relations ... the
    internal discussion of Government policy [and/or] personal privacy."

    Since the 1950s, the UK Government's public position has been that reports of
    'unidentified flying objects' have no implications for defence or national security. As a
    result, there would appear to be no reason, other than protection of personal privacy, why
    records maintained on this subject should not be made available for study purposes such
    as the one I am proposing.

    Indeed, in January this year I contacted the RAF Press Office who confirmed that the
    Ministry of Defence, in response to the published aims of the draft Freedom of
    Information Bill, were considering a proposal to allow access to UFO related files -
    currently closed under the 30 year rule - for what were described as "bona fide
    researchers." This was on the proviso that any proposed future access did not
    compromise confidential personal data supplied to the MOD by members of the public
    and/or endanger national security.

    A preliminary examination of the MOD air files on UFOs from 1953-1969 which are
    available at the PRO has demonstrated their value as a rich source of historical and social
    data relevant to my proposed study. For example, a Defence Intelligence briefing from
    1966-67 released to the Public Record Office last year (DEFE 31/119) demonstrates how
    MOD staff were aware of the importance of these social and psychological factors,
    specifically the role played by the mass media, in the wax and wane of interest
    surrounding UFO reports ..

    These records have hitherto never been the subject of a properly funded academic
    research project. The value of such a study to the UK Government, in terms of the
    development of public policy in future, should also be taken into account when this
    request is considered. An independent study of this historical material might also help to
    dispel the popular myth of "secrecy" and "cover-up" which continues to surround the
    MOD's public statements on the subject ofUFOs.

    I am currently in receipt of an award from the British Academy to study the creation and
    transmission of rumours in the context of popular beliefs which spread through Britain
    during the First World War, based upon records preserved at the Public Record Office.
    Later this year I intend to apply to another funding body for an additional award which
    would allow me to study the development of popular beliefs about UFOs and how these
    have been reflected by MOD policy from the 1950s to the present. As it stands, the
    proposed study would have to be based upon the MOD air files which are currently
    available, and relate to the period 1953-1969.


                                                2
     •
'•


         I wish to make a formal application via the Freedom of Information Unit of the MOD for
         access to MOD Air files relating to UFOs and UFO policy for the period 1969 to the
         present day. I would define access as having the opportunity to examine all relevant files
         relating to UFO reports and UFO policy, making notes and copies of relevant material
         where necessary. I appreciate a project of this kind could take time and would incur costs,
         but these could easily be incorporated into my application for a research award.

         I would welcome to opportunity to discuss this proposal informally with a representative
         from the Ministry of the Defence and/or the Freedom of Information Unit and look
         forward to hearing from you,


                                                     3
                                                                                                                                 ~·   ..


•
    'i'l


                            From:
                            MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                                                   Secretarlat(Air Staff)2a, Room         8~            ....   .. '- ' ..;_ ·~

                            Main Building, Whitehalt· London, SW1A 2HB
                                                                         Telephone   (Direct dial)   0171 218 2140
                                                                                     (Switchboard)
                                                                                     {Fax)
                                                                                                     iiila
                                                                            Your Reference
                                                                            Our Reference
                                                                            D/Sec(AS)/64/3
                                                                            Date
                                                                             4 January 2000


                                                          ,
                    I wrote to you on 15 December 1999 and apologise for the delay in providing you with a
           full reply to your letter of 19 November 1999.
                                                     . .    ...   :. ..

                      Taking each of your points in turn, I can confirm that the RAF Police tasked to investigate
           the incident concentrated their enquiries on whether a military aircraft had been in the area
           concerned on the date in question. Once they had established that military activity was not
           involved they made no further enquiries to determine what might have caused the noise. The
           MOD is satisfied that on the date in question, there was no threat to the UK Air Defence Region
           from hostile military activity.

                   RAF Police reports are classified documents. They contain material gathered as part of a
           Police inveStigation and, as such, are confidential to that investigation. The reports themselves are
           not available for public scrutiny but we are happy to provide a summary of the conclusions
           reached. I have consulted my                in the Branch who dealt with this particular RAF Police
           Investigation and, as explained                         of 1 October 1999, can confirm that no RAF
           or NATO aircraft were found to be operating in the area at the time. ' (..,c. 1$' c. t/ z. M:. R

                  Finally, as I said in my previous letter, I can confirm that MOD received no reports of
           unidentified aerial phenomena for the period 19:00 hours 24 March 1997- 01 :00 hours 25 March
           1997.
Can we have some help with the attached please.

Dr Clarke is a persistent 'ufologist'. In his October letter he wanted information
about low flying complaints •            : icular day in March 1997 and an alleged
sonic boom on the same day.             ~ked with Sec(AS)1a and was able to say
that there had been an RAF Police investigation into an alleged sonic boom but found
that no RAF or NATO aircraft were operating in the area concerned at the time.

Dr Clarice has asked further questions about the sonic boom. What should we say in
response to (1)- that the RAF Police investigation ruled out any military involvement
and it was not, therefore, for them to make any further investigations as to the cause?
And, what do we say for (2)? For (3), would it be something on the lines of 'RAF
Police Reports are classified documents because they contain material gathered as
part of a Police investigation and are, therefore, confidential to that investigation'?
Finally, I assume there is no other part of MOD involved with sonic booms?

We have acknowledged the letter but would like to send a substantive response before
Christmas.


-
15/12/99
As I explained in my last letter, an RAF Police investigation was carried out into the
alleged sonic event over Sheffield on 24 March 1997. Although their report is an
internal document, its conclusions are made available to the public in the same way as
I am doing here.

The RAF Police found that neither a military or a civilian aircraft could have caused
the alleged incident on that night. The radar tapes for the area showed a single
civilian aircraft landing at Manchester airport.

As far as possible explanations for.this i~Cident are concerned, I can only suggest that
a sonic boom may have been caused by a satellite or meteor re-entering the earth's
atmosphere. We sometimes receive reports ofloud explosions, initially thought to
have been caused by military aircraft, being generated by industrial operations at steel
factories.


                                          ..
                                         .·
                                                                                              ''

                                                                                      2
•                    From:
                     MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                                            Secretariat(Air Staff)2a, Room 8245

                     Main Building, Whitehall, London, SW1A 2HB
                                                                                                           80


                                                                                               -
                                                                  Telephone   (Direct dial)        0171 218 2140
                                                                              (Switchboard)        0171 218 9000
                                                                              (Fax)


                                                                     Your Reference
                                                                     O~,J;r R~ference
                                                                     D/SectAS)/64/3 V
                                                                     Date
                                                                       tS' December 1999


           Thank you for your letter dated 19th November. Your questions relating to the alleged
    sonic boom incident on 24 March 1997 have been passed to the relevant branch in MOD and you
    should receive a response shortly.

           With regard to your last question, I can confirm that MOD received no reports of 'UFO'
    sightings for 24th or 25th March 1997 from anywhere in the UK.


           I would like to apologise for the delay in replying.
\


              19 November 1999
              Your ref: D/Sec(AS)/64/3


              Secretariat (Air Staff) 2a, Room 8245
              Ministry of Defence
              Whitehall,
              London SWlA 2HB


              Dear

              Thankyou for your letter of 1 October and for taking the trouble to answer my questions
              regarding complaints about low-flying aircraft and sonic booms reported on 24 March
              1997.

              I realise that you have limited time to deal with enquiries such as mine, and I do
              appreciate your efforts to provide the answers I am seeking with regards the events of the
              evening in question. I wonder if I could trouble you once more with a small number of
              supplementary questions.

              I note that RAF police did investigate the incident, and that RAF or NATO aircraft were
              found not to be responsible for the sonic booms recorded by the British Geological
              Survey in the Sheffield area at 2152 and.2206 GMT on 24 March 1997. This leads me to
              ask, therefore, if military and civilian causes were ruled out, did the RAF Police reach
              any other conclusion as to the source or origin of these sonic events?

              If these booms were not generated by friendly aircraft, then by definition they merit
              further investigation to determine whether their source. following the MOD's own
              terminology, posed "any potential threat to UK airspace."

    ~"'"?.\ Additionally, and in light of the current proposals for Open Government, is the RAF
     :::;;) Police report on the incident and/or its conclusions available for public scrutiny?

              If you are unable to answer specific questions with regard to sonic events such as those
              reported on 24 March 1997, could you refer me to a relevant branch of the Ministry of
              Defence who might be able to provide more detailed information?
 .
..   ••
      •


          A final question I would like to ask is this: did the Ministry of Defence receive any
          reports, whether from a militarY or civilian source, of unidentified aerial phenomena from
          any part of the United Kingdom, for the period 7pm on 24 March 1997 to 1 am on 25
          March 1997, and if so from which specific locationls?

          I do hope you are able to answer these questions, and I look forward to hearing from you.

          Many thanks for your assi~taiice in tliis matter,
•

                 From:
                                                                        I
                                             Secretariat(Air Staff)2a, Room
                 MINI           OF DEFENCE , ,
                 Main Building, Whitehall, London, SW1A 2HB
                                                                 Telephone   (Direct dial)
                                                                             (SWitchboard)   ~
                                                                             (Fax)           ~


                                                                    Your Reference
                                                                    O~r Reference
                                                                    D/Sec(AS)/64/3
                                                                    Date
                                                                       \ October 1999


      Thank you for your letter regarding complaints about low flying military aircraft and sonic
booms. Your letter concerns correspondence between·myself and your colleague,

        In the letter sent to              I advised that the Ministry of Defence had received no
complaints about military low flying on 24 March 1997 from Sheffield or the Howden Moors area
of the Peak District. You then wrote to me stating that you had found that the MOP received
thirteen complaints of military low flying on the date in question. I can confirm that the MOD did
indeed receive thirteen complaints for 24 March 1997, however, none of the reports originated
from Sheffield or the Peak District.                 original question asked if there had been any
complaints about low flying military               two specific areas, and my reply was tailored to
his question.                       ·

        On the matter of the alleged sonic boom on 24 March 1997, you are correct in stating that
military aircraft may only fly at supersonic speeds over the sea and to fly supersonic overland is in
breach of flying regulations. We t~ke reports of sonic booms overland very seriously and you will
be reassured to learn that the RAF Police did investigate the incident. Their investigation found
that no RAF or NATO aircraft were operating in the area at the time and that civil aircraft in the
area were travelling too slow to have generated a sonic boom.

       I would like to apologise for the delay in replying.
                                               .·. .   .;. ·'·
                                                                                  Page 1 of 1


SEC(AS)2A1A
 From:      SEC(AS)1A1
 Sent:      01 October 1999 11:32
 To:         SEC(AS)2A1A
 Subject:    Sonic Booooooom
 Importance: High

 D/Sec(AS)/56/1


 We spoke about the alleged sonic boom over Sheffield on 24 March 1997. A nice little
 paragraph follows:

 non the mattter of the all edged sonic boom on 24 March 1997, you are absolutely
 correct that military aircraft may only fly at supersonic speeds over the sea and to fly
 supersonic overland is indeed in breach of flying regulations. We take reports of sonic
 booms overland very seriously indeed and you will be reassured to team that the RAF
 Police did investigate the incident. Their investigation found that no RAF or NATO
 aircraft were operating in the area at the time and that civil aircraft in the area were
 travelling too slow to have generated a sonic boom."

 Howz that? If you want to refer any further questions Dr Clarke may have on the matter
 to me (either by phone or by post), please.._~ c .. ( ..

 Any probs, give me a ring.

~


                                           ··~   .        ··
                                                     '-· ..


01/10/99
·-                    From
                      MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
                                                  Secretariat(Air Staff)2a, Room 8245

                      Main Building, Whitehall, London, SW1A 2HB


                                                                                              -
                                                                  Telephone   (Direct dial}   0171 218 2140
                                                                              (Switchboard)   0171 218 9000
                                                                              (Fax)


                                                                     Your Reference

                                                                     BYse~(Xs)?Gc!t3
                                                                     Date
                                                                        21 June 1999


            Thank you for your letter of 4 May. I apologise for the delay in responding to your letter; I
     am looking into the matter and will reply when I have the infonnation available.


                                                         l . ·.
.. •   '   I


                                                                             Dr David Clarke


               4 May 1999
               Your ref: D/Sec(AS)/64/3


               I refer to your letter dated 6 April, in reply to my                         who had
               written to AS2 asking for information concerning "UFO"                     atrcraft incidents
               reported to the MOD on March 24, 1997, from the Sheffield area.
               In your reply you stated that the RAF/MOD had no records of any complaints concerning
               low-flying aircraft from that particular night.
               However, as a result of questions on my behalf by MP Helen Jackson in Parliament on
               March 25, 1998, Defence Minister John SpeHar admitted that the RAF had received 13
               complaints concerning low-flying military aircraft from different locations in the UK for
               March 24, 1997.
               Mr SpeHar said these complaints stemmed from a pre-booked training exercise in the area
               of the Peak District involving low-flying RAF aircraft which ended at 2135 hrs.
               In addition, the British Geological Survey in Edinburgh have stated that their equipment
               recorded two sonic booms at 2152 and 2206 hours GMT in the Sheffield area which could
               only have been caused as a result of aircraft breaching the sound barrier.
               The BGS said that RAF Flying Complaints were contacted on March 25, 1997, and "were
               unable to confirm they were caused by military aircraft."
               As a result of the above could you answer the following questions:
               Did RAF Military Police or any other department of the MOD conduct an internal
               inquiry/investigation into the source and/or cause of the two sonic booms recorded on
               March 24, 1997, given the legal stipulation (Military Flying Regulations) that pilots must
               not break the speed of sound over land/urban areas?
               If an inquiry was launched, what was the conclusion reached concerning the source of the
               sonic booms?
               If no such inquiry was launched, why not given the clear breach of military flying
               regulations these sonic events consituted?
               You may be aware that as a result of reports concerning an '"explosion" and sightings of a
               low-flying aircraft by civilians on the border between the Peak District and Sheffield
               shortly after 2200 hrs on March 24, police and emergency services launched a 15 hour
               search and rescue operation, without result.
               There has been considerable speculation concerning this event during the past two years,
               and I hope the MOD will be able to provide a definitive answer to the questions above.
               Thankyou for your attention to this matter,
