{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T21:40:55Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1950731, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/defe-44-119-unidentified-flying-objects-ufo-s.pdf", "source_sha256": "12135290452cff3d4a251499c231e23b31e63872778acb37b4648eaed2cb5147"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 552, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DECLASSIFICATION EFFORTS AND RESEARCH OF:
THE BLACK VAULT
THE BLACK VAULT IS THE LARGEST ONLINE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT/ GOVERNMENT
RECORD CLEARING HOUSE IN THE WORLD. THE RESEARCH EFFORTS HERE ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DECLASSIFICATION OF THOUSANDS OF DOCUMENTS THROUGHOUT THE U.S. GOVERNMENT,
AND ALL CAN BE DOWNLOADED BY VISITING:
HTTP://WWW.BLACKVAULT.COM
YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO FORWARD THIS DOCUMENT TO YOUR FRIENDS, BUT
PLEASE KEEP THIS IDENTIFYING IMAGE AT THE TOP OF THE
PDF SO OTHERS CAN DOWNLOAD MORE!

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 49, "chars": 405, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS DOCUMENT IS THE PROPERTY OF HIS BRITANNIC MAJESTY'S GOVERNMENT
DISCREET
SECRET
Copy No. 17
BUT CLEARED FOR CANADA
F RUSSELVIEW
D INFO(EXP)RECOR
MAY 2001
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
DIRECTORATE OF
SCIENTIFIC INTELLIGENCE
AND
JOINT TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE
DETE 44/119
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
June 1951
D.S.I./J.T.I.C. REPORT No. 7
SECRET
DISCREET
Catalogue Reference:DEFE/44/119
Image Reference:3

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 536, "chars": 3752, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS DOCUMENT IS THE PROPERTY OF HIS BRITANNIC MAJESTY'S GOVERNMENT
DISOREET
SECRET.
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
Report by the "Flying Saucer " Working Party
Introduction: Historical
1. Unidentified flying objects were first reported after the war from Sweden
in the summer of 1946, and for some months there was a considerable number of
alleged sightings, mostly in Sweden, but a few also in Norway, Finland and
Germany.
The descriptions given were usually of some sort of wingless missile
travelling at very high speed, cigar-shaped or circular, sometimes emitting bright
lights, and occasionally sound. The reports attracted considerable attention in the
press, where the objects became known as
"ghost rockets"
or " spook bombs."
The reports died away after the summer of 1946, and very few have appeared since
the end of that year.
2. The first report of a " flying saucer " came from the United States in June
1947; the name arose because the observer (Mr. K. Arnold, of Boise,
Idaho)
described what he had seen as a "saucer-like disc." The report received much
publicity, and was quickly followed by a great many more.
Since then reports of
sightings have been made at intervals in. large numbers, mostly from the United
States, but some from other parts of the world, including Great Britain, where there
was a notable outbreak during the summer and autumn of 1950. The objects
reported have become popularly known by the generic title "flying saucers," but
the descriptions given have included not only flying disc-like objects of the original
" saucer "
type, but also wingless torpedo or cigar-shaped bodies, spherical or
balloon-shaped objects, and luminous phenomena of various types.
3. The reported observations have been almost exclusively visual; reports of
any associated sound have been rare.
In no case has any tangible, material, or
objective evidence, been submitted.
It is therefore extremely difficult, if not impos-
sible, to arrive at anything like scientific proof of the nature of the phenomena.
Review of previous evidence
4. A systematic and extensive investigation of all the reported incidents in
the United States was carried out between 1948 and 1950 by the U.S.A.F., in con-
junction with the Rand Corporation, Dr. Hynek, a well-known astronomer from
Ohio State University, and other specialist consultants.
we have been enabled to study two reports (Project " Sign " and
Project " Grudge ") covering the investigation of incidents up to the beginning of
1949
DeleTioN
RETAINED UNDER
(put in place)
SECTION 3(4)
24/1107
5. On the Scandinavian sightings in 1946, Project " Grudge " reports as
follows: -
"The Swedish Defence Staff conducted a comprehensive study of the early
incidents. Several thousand reports were thoroughly investigated and plotted
with resultant conclusions that all evidence obtained of sightings was explicable
in terms of astronomical phenomena."
6. Dealing with reports from the United States, Project " Grudge " quotes
the opinion of the Rand Corporation after an examination of 172 incidents:
date, we have found nothing which would seriously controvert simple rational
‚explanations of the various phenomena in terms of balloons, conventional aircraft,
reports, and the like."
Dr. Hynek investigated 228 incidents and concluded that approximately 33 per
cent. were astronomical with varying degrees of probability; 37 per cent. were not
astronomical but suggestive of other explanations, such as birds, rockets, balloons,
ordinary aircraft, &c.; the remaining 30 per cent. either lacked sufficient evidence
or the evidence offered suggested no explanation, though some of these might con-
ceivably be astronomical.
40744
SECRET
DISCREET
B
Catalogue Reference:DEFE/44/119
Image Reference:3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 651, "chars": 4368, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISOREET
2
SECRET
Summing up their own conclusions and those of their consultants, the authors
of the " Grudge
" report finally concluded that, of the 228 incidents considered
thirty must be disregarded for lack of workable evidence, while 164 can be satis-
factorily explained.
For the balance of thirty-four, containing some evidence, there
is no apparent ready explanation, if the evidence is accepted as accurate and
reliable. When psychological and physiological factors are taken into consideration,
the opinion is expressed that all these incidents can also be rationally explained.
7. All the more spectacular incidents, of which much has been made recently
in the British press and publications, have been fully explained. Two examples
may be quoted
The incident at Fort Knox, Kentucky, in January 1948, which caused the death
of Lieutenant Mantell, U.S.A.F., is fully analysed, and all the evidence collated in
the " Grudge " report. The conclusion is reached that without any doubt whatever
Lieutenant Mantell met his death while pursuing the planet Venus, which was of
unusual brightness on the night in question.
We have been informed, in conversation with a member of the United States
investigating, team, that the even more sensational report of the discovery of a
"flying saucer," full of the remains of very small beings, was ultimately
admitted by its author to have been a complete fabrication.
8. The " Grudge " report includes a " frequency distribution" curve of the
reports of incidents received between May 1947 and December 1948.
This shows a
marked tendency towards peaks in the few weeks immediately following an incident
which received wide publicity, and is of interest in indicating the extent to which
sightings may be psychological in origin.
The final conclusion reached by the Americans is that all reports of
unidentified flying objects may be categorical as either
(1) misinterpretation of various conventional objects (e.g., aircraft, balloons,
meteors or meteorites, stars, fireballs);
(2) a form of mass hysteria; or
(3) deliberate hoaxes.
Investigation of incidents in the United Kingdom
10. During the summer and autumn of 1950 the British press gave considerable
publicity to reports of alleged sightings of luminous bodies travelling at high speed,
usually atter dark, but occasionally in daylight. The Air Ministry also received a
number of letters from members of the public with similar reports. One of these,
from a locomotive fireman at Derby, who was clearly a careful and accurate
observer, gave an excellent description of what was undoubtedly a meteorite. We
have not attempted any systematic investigation of all the evidence presented, but
can find no reason for supposing that any of the phenomena reported cannot be
similarly explained; in certain cases, when observations were reported at approxi-
mately the same time from widely separated localities, this was undoubtedly the
explanation.
11. Three incidents were reported officially by experienced officers from
R.A.F. Stations. These have been investigated in as much detail as is possible with
reports of visual observations.
12. On Ist June, 1950, the pilot of a Meteor reported on landing at Tangmere
that at 1430, while flying at 20,000 feet on an easterly course over the Portsmouth
area, he had sighted an object travelling at very high speed on a reciprocal course,
1,000-2,000 feet above him and roughly 1,200 yards to starboard.
He described the
object as circular, and of bright metallic appearance. He could not give any real
estimate of its speed, but thought it might be about 800 knots.
it for about 15 seconds, during which period he had looked away to port and back,
having no difficulty in picking up the object again:
Tangmere made enquiries of the radar station at Wartling, and were informed
that, at about the same time as the pilot's report, the Duty Controller and three
radar operators had observed an unusual response on the P.P.I., which appeared
to be due to a target moving at 1,300-1,650 knots, first approaching and then
receding from the station. The Controller stated that the response "looked to be
very thick, leaving more afterglow than a usual response behind." The operator,
observing on a separate display, said that it was
slim, short and weaker than
SECRET
DISCREET
Catalogue Reference:DEFE/44/119
Image Reference:3

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 758, "chars": 4843, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCREET
SECRET
3
aircraft," and that a series of " shadows" appeared in the space between successive
As the receding course of the radar target could have tallied with the course of
the object reported by the Meteor pilot, all the people concerned were interviewed
by a member of Research Branch, Fighter Command, from whose report the above
data have been taken. It was established that there was in fact a discrepancy of
ten minutes between the times of the two reports, which were estimated
individually accurate to + 1 minute. It must therefore be concluded that there was
no connection between the unusual P.P.I. response and the pilot's visual observation.
We believe that the radar response can be very simply explained as due to
interference from another transmitter, a phenomenon which has been frequently
observed, and which is described in detail in Appendix A.
entirely definite about the pilot's report. Assuming that he was not merely the
victim of an optical illusion, the most probable explanation, which is borne out by
his description of the object as "circular," implying a spherical body, is that he
saw a meteorological balloon and greatly over-estimated its speed. We can find no
reason whatever for adopting any less simple hypothesis.
13. The remaining two incidents were reported from the Royal Aircraft
Establishment, Farnborough, and the officers concerned were interviewed by
members of this Working Party.
F/Lt. Hubbard, an experienced pilot, said that at 1127 on 14th August, 1950,
he and two other officers on the airfield heard a subdued humming noise, like a
model Diesel motor, which caused them to search the sky overhead. The weather
was fine and visibility good. The other two officers saw nothing, but F/Lt. Hubbard,
who alone was wearing sun-glasses, states that he saw, almost directly overhead
at first sighting, an object which he describes as a flat disc, light pearl grey in colour,
about 50 feet in diameter at an estimated height of 5,000 feet.
kept it under observation for 30 seconds, during which period it travelled,
speed estimated at 800-1,000 m.p.h., on a heading of 100°, executing a series of
S-turns, oscillating so that light reflection came from different segments as it moved.
We have no reason to doubt that F/Lt. Hubbard honestly described his own
impression of what he saw, but we find it impossible to believe that a most
unconventional aircraft, of exceptional speed, could have travelled at no great
altitude, in the middle of a fine summer morning, over a populous and air-minded
district like Farnborough, without attracting the attention of more than one
observer. We conclude,
either that F/Lt. Hubbard was the victim of an optical
illusion, or that he observed some quite normal type of aircraft and deceived him-
self about its shape and speed.
14. F/Lt. Hubbard was also concerned in the other incident, when, at 1609
on 5th September, 1950, he was standing on the watch-tower with five other officers,
looking south in anticipation of the display by the Hawker 1081. The sky was
about 3/8 obscured, with a strate-cumuløus cloud base at 4,000 feet. At about the
same moment they all saw, at an estimated range of 10-15 miles, an object which
they described as being a flat disc, light pearl grey in colour, and " about the size
of a shirt button." They all observed it to follow a rectangular flight path, con-
sisting in succession of a "falling leaf," horizontal flight " very fast,
" an upward
" falling leaf," another horizontal stretch, and so on; finally it dived to the horizon
at great speed.
The pattern was estimated to be executed somewhere over the
Guildford-Farnham area.
F/Lt. Hubbard was satisfied that the objects he saw on the two occasions
were identical; the other observers agreed that the second object fitted
description they had been given of the first.
We have no doubt that all these officers did in fact see a flying object of some
sort. We cannot, however regard the evidence of identification of this object, which
was only seen at very long range, with the earlier one as of any value whatever.
Further, we again find it impossible to believe that an unconventional aircraft,
manœuvring for some time over a populous area, could have failed to attract the
attention of other observers.
We conclude that the officers in fact saw some quite
normal aircraft, manœuvring at extreme visual range, and were led by the previous
report to believe it to be something abnormal-
-an interesting example of one report
inducing another. We are reinforced in this belief by an experience of one of our
number (Wing Commander Formby, R.A.F.) which is recounted in Appendix B
and illustrates the ease with which mistaken identifications may be made, even by
experienced observers.
40744
SECRET
DISOBERT
B 2
Catalogue Reference:DEFE/44/119
Image Reference:3

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 570, "chars": 3828, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCREET
4
SECRET
Conclusions and Recommendations
15. When the only material available is a mass of purely subjective evidence,
it is impossible to give anything like scientific proof that the phenomena observed
are, or are not, caused by something entirely novel, such as an aircraft of extra-
terrestrial origin, developed by beings unknown to us on lines more advanced than
anything we have thought of. We are, however, satisfied that the bulk of the
much more simply. There is a very old scientific principle, usually attributed to
William of Occam, which states that the most probable hypothesis is the simplest
necessary to explain the observations.
that this principle should be applied to the present case, and
accordingly conclude that all the observations reported were due to one or other
of the following causes: —
(1) Astronomical or meteorological phenomena of known types.
(2) Mistaken identification of conventional aircraft, balloons, birds, or other
normal or natural objects.
(3) Optical illusions and psychological delusions.
(4) Deliberate hoaxes.
We consider that no progress will be made by attempting further investigation
of unco-ordinated and subjective evidence, and that positive results could
be obtained by organising throughout the country, or the world, continuous
observation of the skies by a co-ordinated network of visual observers, equipped
with photographic apparatus, and supplemented by a network of radar stations
and sound locators. We should regard this, on the evidence so far available, as a
singularly profitless enterprise. We accordingly recommend very strongly that no
further investigation of reported mysterious aerial
phenomena be undertaken,
unless and until some material evidence becomes available.
Metropole Buildings, W.C. 2.
APPENDIX A
A NOTE ON AN UNUSUAL RADAR RESPONSE BY MR. G. E. G. GRAHAM, D.S.I. 1
With reference to the unusual response observed at Wartling on Ist June, 1950,
it is suggested that the signal observed was received directly from another radar
transmitter, possibly ship-borne, in the Portsmouth-Isle of Wight area. This will
the modulation pulses of the "Western" transmitter to be
isochronous with those of the Wartling set, and that the pulse of the former
was occurring anything up to, say, 1•2 milliseconds minus the transmission time
later than that of the latter, the received signal would be visible on
the P.P.I
Moreover, unless the "Western" transmitter were very far away it is
probable that the received signal would be of large amplitude and would therefore
as stated in the report, " appear very thick leaving more afterglow than a usual
response behind."
It is reasonable to suppose that the repetition rates mentioned above would not
remain identical for more than a few seconds.
relatively small
drift in the
repetition rates will produce a considerable change in the time interval between
the transmitter pulse and the firing instant of the receiver time base.
This would
result in a large displacement of the received signal along the scan, which would
be interpreted as a high speed movement of the
"target
in the radial direction.
I Wester transmith were then but so is sighing the reat of one too the
transmitter were above but slowly approaching that of the Wartling
set, the " target " would appear to close range rapidly: as the repetition rates became
equai the " target " would appear stationary, and as the "Western " repetition
rate fell below that of the Wartling set, the " target " would appear to open
range rapidly It may further be noted that one would expect reflections from
objects (hills, &c.) relatively close to the " Western " transmitter to be of sufficient
amplitude to be displayed also on the P.P.I., which would give the impression of
SECRET
DISCREET
Catalogue Reference:DEFE/44/119
Image Reference:4

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 111, "chars": 748, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCREET
SECRET
5
APPENDIX B
AN OBSERVATION OF A "FLYING SAUCER " BY WING COMMANDER FORMBY, R.A.F.
While on the rifle range at Tipner, Portsmouth, an object having the appearance
of a "Flying Saucer "
was observed in the distance.
Visibility was good, there
being a cloudless sky and bright sunshine. The object was located and held by
telescope (× 20 magnification), and gave appearance of being a circular shining
disc moving on a regular flight path.
It was only after observation had been kept
for several minutes, and the altitude of the object changed so that it did not reflect
the sunlight to the observer's eye, that it was identified as being a perfectly normal
aircraft.
SECRET
DISCREET
Catalogue Reference:DEFE/44/119
Image Reference:4
