{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T16:01:16Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 571766, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/department-of-defense-briefing-card-on-unidentified-aerial-phenomena-3.pdf", "source_sha256": "5742c73ccb0b059cefecb1fad2952acbe9ffa4238170f86874c988eb6c276988"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 391, "chars": 2567, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S.
DEPT OF
DEFENSE
OSD(PA) BRIEFING CARD
UAP Report to Congress
May 17, 2021
Executive Summary
Public and news media interest in unidentified aerial phenomena (UAPs) remains high. DoD
formally established a UAP Task Force (UAPTF), per the FY19 NDAA, on Aug. 4, 2020. The
Senate Select Committee on Intelligence (SSCI) report attached to the FY21 Intelligence
Authorization Act (signed into statute as part of the omnibus spending bill signed on Dec. 27,
2020) directed the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with SECDEF, to submit a
report to Congress on UAPs within 180 days of enactment. The SSCI report specifically
mentions the UAPTE. Recently (@March 20-21), John Ratcliffe, former DNI, spoke with Fox
News about the report, generating multiple queries asking for DoD comment on his claims in the
interview. CBS "60 Minutes" aired a segment on May 16 on DoD's efforts to examine UAPs.
Top Line Messages / Talking Points
• We are aware of the report requirement, and the UAPTF team is actively working with the
Office of the Director of National Intelligence on the report. I refer you to ODNI for
anything else regarding the report.
• We take reports of incursions into our airspace - by any aircraft, identified or unidentified -
very seriously, and investigate each one.
• Safety (of our personnel) and security (of our operations) are of paramount concern.
• To protect our people, maintain operational security and safeguard intelligence methods, we
do no publicly discuss the details of the UAP observations, the task force or examinations.
Questions and Answers
Q. Has the Department found any evidence of extraterrestrial technology?
A. The examinations into incursions by UAPs are still ongoing; the Department does not
comment on intelligence matters.
Q: Do you have any comment on the remarks made by John Ratcliffe to Fox News about
the forthcoming UAP report?
A. As he was the former DNI, and ODNI has the lead on the UAP report, I refer you to ODNI.
Q. Why did you establish the UAPTF?
A. The Department of Defense established the UAPTF to improve its understanding of, and gain
insight into, the nature and origins of UAP incursions into our training ranges and designated
airspace. The Task Force is focused on a data-driven approach to identify the source of the
incursions. We need data (from increased reporting by aviators, technical means, etc.) to analyze
in order to understand and draw the appropriate conclusions and to make the appropriate
Coordinated with: OUSD(I&S), Navy
Prepared by:
1
Talking points for UAP report

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2428, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
recommendations to leadership. As we collect additional data, we expect to close the gap
between identified and unidentified and avoid strategic surprise regarding adversary technology.
Q. Why did the Navy change its reporting guidelines on UAPs?
A. We are using a data-driven approach. Sometimes, there are phenomenon for which we don't
have sufficient data. We wanted to establish an environment where our force feels comfortable
reporting all observations so we can collect data, make informed determinations, and address our
findings.
Q. Can you tell us anything about what the UAPTF has found so far?
A. We do not comment on intelligence matters.
Q. Why can't you tell us anything about UAPs or what the UAPTF is doing?
A. DoD does not provide information about operational or intelligence activities that would
identify possible U.S. vulnerabilities.
Q. What budget does the UAPTF have?
A: As the lead agency, the U.S Navy identifies and uses appropriated defense funding to meet
UAPTF requirements.
Additional Background Information (Not for Release)
Except for its existence, and the mission/purpose, virtually everything else about the UAPTF
is classified, per the signed Security Classification Guide (SCG).
Additional Talking Points on the UAPTF
• DOD has established a UAP task force to gain knowledge and insight into the nature and
origins of UAP incursions into our training ranges and designated airspace.
• The mission of the task force is to detect, analyze, and catalog UAPs that could potentially
pose a threat to U.S national security.
• The Department of Defense maintains numerous activities to collect data to build accurate
operating pictures and inform decision-making. The UAPTE is another DOD tool that uses
data to improve understanding of operating environments and support relevant policies.
• Previously, the services investigated UAP reports separately. The UAPTF provides an
opportunity to better network and standardize those processes.
• The mission of the task force is to detect, analyze and catalog UAPs that could pose a threat
to U.S. national security.
• Sometimes, there are phenomena for which we do not have sufficient data. We want to set an
environment where our force feels comfortable reporting all observations so we can collect
data, make informed determinations, and address our findings.
Coordinated with: OUSD(I&S), Navy
Prepared by: (b) (6)
2
Talking points for UAP report

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 3096, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• As we collect additional data, we expect to close the gap between identified and unidentified
and avoid strategic surprise regarding adversary technology.
• Navy leads the UAPTF. The Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence &
Security has oversight of the UAPTF.
• To maintain operations security and to avoid disclosing information that may be useful to
potential adversaries, DOD does not discuss publicly the details of either the observations or
the examination of reported incursions into our training ranges or designated airspace,
including those incursions initially designated as UAP - that also includes any details of the
UAPTF and its activities.
• IIf asked about announcing the UAPTF without further public discussion:] We want the
American public to be aware of the Department of Defense's efforts to preserve national
security. We will continue to share what we can about the program, as appropriate.
• If pressed about what the UAPTF has done so far:] I am not going to get into any details on
what they may be learning in their examinations. However, I think it is important to
reemphasize why we established the Task Force. Airspace in the 21st Century is increasingly
cluttered and complex. We all need to be aware of safety concerns in this ever-changing
operating environment and for the need to continually monitor changes to our airspace that
may affect safe and secure operations. It is just the right thing to do.
• Detailed reporting on what operating forces observe plays an important role in providing
leadership and operational commanders the vital information they require to respond
accordingly.
• If asked about the role of former DoD employee Luis Elizondo in the Advanced Aerospace
Threat Identification Program (AATIP):] Luis Elizondo had no assigned responsibilities for
AATIP while assigned to OUSD(L).
• LIf asked whether the UAPTE is a continuation of AATIPIthe relationship between the
VAPTE and AATIP:] The UAPTF is not a continuation of AATIP. Since the majority of
reporting about UAP observations in recent years came from naval aviators, the Department
of the Navy had been leading assessments of UAP incursion into DOD training ranges and
designated airspace since approximately 2018. Beginning in 2019, DOD undertook efforts to
formalize the good work done by the Navy for DOD. Former Deputy Secretary Norquist
approved the establishment of the UAPTE on Aug. 4, 2020.
• LIf asked about the Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program (AATIP; 2008-2012,
$22 million):] The purpose of the Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program
(AATIP) was to investigate foreign advanced aerospace weapon system applications, with
future technology projections over the next 40 years, and to create a center of expertise for
advanced aerospace technologies. The goal was to help understand the threat posed by
unconventional or leap-ahead aerospace vehicles and technologies that could have national
security implications for the United States.
Coordinated with: OUSD(I&S), Navy
Prepared by: (b) (6)
3
Talking points for UAP report

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com
