{"created_utc": "2026-08-14T05:16:36Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 6952278, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/department-of-defense-releases-aoimsg-related-documents-3.pdf", "source_sha256": "892ce2559cc859aafaac5e2d653ca51f9f6f2b15f808e6f0441dfe4ab76dd7bc"}

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
                              FREEDOM OF INFORMATION DIVISION
                                   1155 DEFENSE PENTAGON
                                 WASHINGTON, DC 20301-1155


                                                                                  Ref: 22-F-0249
                                                                                   May 15, 2023

Mr. John Greenewald
The Black Vault, Inc
27305 W. Live Oak Road
Suite #1203
Castaic, CA 91384

Dear Mr. Greenewald:

       This is a final response to your November 29, 2021 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
request, a copy of which is enclosed for your convenience. We received your request on
November 30, 2021, and assigned it FOIA case number 22-F-0249. We ask that you use this
number when referring to your request.

        The Office of the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs, a component of
the Office of the Secretary of Defense, conducted a search of their records systems and located
31 pages determined to be responsive to your request. Ms. Tanya R. Rose, Director Information
Management, in her capacity as an Initial Denial Authority, has determined that portions of the
31 responsive pages are exempt from release pursuant to 5 U.S.C. § 552 (b)(5), inter- and intra-
agency memoranda which are deliberative in nature; this exemption is appropriate for internal
documents which are part of the decision making process and contain subjective evaluations,
opinions and recommendations; as well as (b)(6), information which, if disclosed, would
constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of the personal privacy of individuals. Please note that
we have considered the foreseeable harm standard when reviewing records and applying
exemptions under the FOIA in the processing of this request.

      In this instance, fees for processing your request were below the threshold for requiring
payment. Please note that fees may be assessed on future requests.

        If you have any questions or concerns about the foregoing or about the processing of your
request, please do not hesitate to contact the Action Officer assigned to your request,
Christine Dickinson, at 571-372-0435 or christine.m.dickinson.ctr@mail.mil. Additionally, if
you have concerns about service received by our office, please contact a member of our
Leadership Team at 571-372-0498 or Toll Free at 866-574-4970.

       Should you wish to inquire about mediation services, you may contact the OSD/JS FOIA
Public Liaison, Toni Fuentes, at 571-372-0462, or by email at OSD.FOIALiaison@mail.mil. You
may also contact the Office of Government Information Services (OGIS) at the National Archives
and Records Administration to inquire about the FOIA mediation services they offer. The contact
information for OGIS is as follows:
                             Office of Government Information Services
                             National Archives and Records Administration
                             8601 Adelphi Road-OGIS
                             College Park, MD 20740
                             E-mail: ogis@nara.gov
                             Telephone: 202-741-5770
                             Fax: 202-741-5769
                             Toll-free: 1-877-684-6448

       You have the right to appeal to the appellate authority, Ms. Joo Chung, Assistant to the
Secretary of Defense for Privacy, Civil Liberties, and Transparency (PCLT), Office of the
Secretary of Defense, at the following address: 4800 Mark Center Drive, ATTN: PCLFD, FOIA
Appeals, Mailbox #24, Alexandria, VA 22350-1700.

       Your appeal must be postmarked within 90 calendar days of the date of this response.
Alternatively, you may email your appeal to osd.foia-appeal@mail.mil. If you use email, please
include the words "FOIA Appeal" in the subject of the email. Please also reference FOIA case
number 22-F-0249 in any appeal correspondence.

        We appreciate your patience in the processing of your request. As stated previously,
please contact the Action Officer assigned to your request, Christine Dickinson, and reference
FOIA case number 22-F-0249, if you have any questions or concerns.

                                                    Sincerely,


                                                    Stephanie L. Carr
                                                    Chief


Enclosures:
As stated
Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
                        DEPUTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
                              1010 DEFENSE PENTAGON
                             WASHINGTON , DC 20301 - 1010

                                                                              NOV 2 3 2021

MEMORANDUM FOR SENIOR PENTAGON LEADERS HIP
               COMMANDERS OF THE COMBATANT COMMAN DS
               DEFENSE AGENCY AND FIELD ACTIVITY DlRECTORS

SUBJECT: Establ ishment of the Airborne Object Identificati on and Management
         Synchronization Group

        The presence of unident ified aerial phenomena CUAP) in Special Use Airspace
(SUA), designated in accordance with 14 eFR Part 73. represents a potential safety of flight
risk to aircrews and raises potential national security concerns. Accordingly, I direct the
Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security (USD(l&S)) to establish the
Airborne Object Identification and Management Synchronization Group (AO IMSG) 10
synchronize efforts across the Department and with other Federal departments and agencies
to detcct, identify and attribute objects of interests in SUA, and to assess, and as appropriate,
mitigate any associated threats to safety of flight and national security. To provide oversight
and direction to the AOIMSG , I establish the Airborne Object Identifi cation and
Management Exec uti ve Council (AO IMEXEC). The USD(l&S) will be the lead DoD
official responsible for management of thi s process, will co-chair the AOIMEXEC along
with the Director of Operations, Joint Staff, and wi ll in vite Principal-level participation from
the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. Resourcing for this requirement will be
addressed in the Program Budget Review process.

         The Director, AO IMSG (hereafter referred to as '"the Director") wi ll synchronize the
activit ies among the Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD) and 000 Components, and
with other U.S. Government departments and agencies, to min imize safety of flight and
national security concerns assoc iated with UAP or other airborne objects in SUA. The
Director, with support from the OSD and 000 Components heads, wi ll address this problem
by standardizi ng UA? incident reporting across the Department; identifying and reducing
gaps in operational and intelligence detection capabilities; collecting and analyzing
operational, intelligence and counteri nte lligence data; recommend ing policy, regulatory or
statutory changes, as appropriate; identifying approaches to prevent or mitigate any risks
posed by airborne objects of interest; and other activit ies as deemed necessary by the
Director. Additionally, the Director, in coordination with the OSD and 000 Component
heads, will identify requirements and recommended changes in doctrine, organization, .
training, materiel, leadership, personnel, workforce, faci lities, and resources to be brought to
the AOIM:EXEC for revi ew, consideration and implementation, as appropriate, by the
app licab le 000 Component head.

     Effective immediately, the AOlMEXEC. in coordination with the OSD and 000
component heads will manage the transition of the current VA? Task Force to the
AOIMSG. The AO IM EXEC will designate an acting Director of the AO IMSG, and wi ll
submit implementation guidance for my approval. Thi s guidance will specify organizational
mem bership, roles, responsibilities and authorities for the AOIMSG, AOlMEXEC, and
OSD and DoD Components.              ~ ~                                        ,


cc:
Director of National Intelligence


                                            2
From:                           rt')(6)
Sent:                             Thursday, December 9,2021 9:50 PM
Subject:                          AOIMSG Question


Media colleagues,

In Wednesday's press briefing, Travis Tritten, Military.com, asked about the Airborne Object Identification and
Management Synchronization Group (AOIMSG). If you haven't seen Deputy Secretary Hicks' memo, you can see it
here: https://media.defense.gov/2021/Nov/23/2002898596/-1/-1/0/EST ABLISH MENT -O F-TH E-AIRBORNE-OBJECT-
IDENTIFICATION-AND-MANAG EMENT-SYNCHRONIZATION -GROUP.PDF

You may attribute the below to Sue Gough, Department of Defense spokesperson:

"As directed by Deputy Secretary Hicks in her memo, we're currently transitioning the UAP Task Force and its ongoing
efforts to the AOIMSG. We're also working on additiona l implementing guidance on the AOIMSG, as well as the
Airborne Object Identification and Management Executive Council (AOIMEXEC), for Deputy Secretary Hicks' approva l,
per her memo. Once that guidance is approved and published, the transition from UAPTF is AOIMSG is complete, and
the AOIMEXEC has had its first meeting, we'll be happy to answer your questions about the AOIMEXEC and AOIMSG
more fu lly."

Regards,
Defense Press Operations


                                                           1
Q"" u.s.DEPT OF
        DEFENSE             OSD(PA) BRIEFING CARD
                             AOIMSG Establishment
                                         December 9, 2021
     Executive Summary
    Public and news media interest in unidentified aerial phenomena (UAP) remain s hi gh. On Nov.
    23 , 2021, DSD signed a memo announcing the establishment of the A irborne Object
    Identification and Management Synchronizati on Group (AOIMSG) as the successor to the
    UAPTF; the memo also establi shed the A irborne Object Identifi cation and Management
    Executive Council (AOIMEXEC) to provide oversight of the AO IM SG. The draft FY22 NDAA
    approved by the House on Dec. 7 contains a section directing ODD and OON! to establish an
    office, organizational structure, and authorities to address VAP.

    Top Line Messages I Talking Points

    •   [Prior to NDAA becoming law:] We're not going to comment on pending legi slation. We're
        not going to get ahead of the legislative process.

    •   We take reports of incursion s into our airspace - by any aircraft, identified or unidentified-
        very seriously, and investi gate each one.

    •    Safety (of our personnel) and security (of our operations) are of paramount concern.

    •   The Deputy Secretary's direction reflects her des ire to ensure the Department is full y aware
        of objects in our airspace in order to protect safety of fli ght and national sec urity.

    •   The AO IM SG w ill focll s on proacti vel y identifying objects in Special Use A irspace, rather
        than simpl y focusing on item s that were observed but not identified. Thi s w ill help to ensure
        that we are postured to collect adequate data during the event, in stead of only gathering data
        forens icall y.

    •   The AO IMSG will ensure we leverage of the strength of the Department and the IC to
        normalize UAP reporting, analysis and mitigation into standing processes.

    •   Thi s has been, and will continue to be, a collaborative effort , involving many organizations
        across 0 00 , as well as interagency partners.

    •    Implementing guidance with further detail s on the AO IMSG Director, organizational
         structure, authorities, resourcing, and roles and responsibiliti es is forthcoming.

    •   The Department is committed to tran sparency w ith the Congress and the American people
        whil e bal ancing its obligation to protect classified information.


    Coordinated with: QUSD( I&S), Navy
     Prepared by:Lrt'.:..)(.:...6:...)_ _ _ _ _ _ _----' 1
Questions and Answers

Q. Ilf asked about the AOIMSGIAOIMEXEC prior to publishing o[implemell1iug guidan cel

A. "As directed by Deputy Secretary Hi cks in her memo, we 're currentl y transitioning the UAP
Task Force and its ongo ing effo rts to the AO IMSG. We 're al so working on additi onal
impl ementing guidance on the AOIMSG, as we ll as the Airborne Obj ect Ide ntifi cati on and
Management Executi ve Counci l (AO IMEXEC), for Deputy Secretary Hicks' approval, per her
memo. Once that guidance is approved and publi shed, the transition fro m UAPTF is AO IMSG
is complete, and the AO IMEXEC has had its first meeting, we' ll be happy to answer your
questi ons about the AOIMEXEC and AOIMSG more full y."

Q. Why is the Deputy Secretary replacing the UAPT F?
A. The ONI report to Congress hi ghli ghted the challenges assoc iated with assess ing airborne
obj ects, including UAP, occurrin g on o r near DOD training ranges and installations. It also
confi rmed that the scope of the UAP activity ex pands signifi cantl y beyond Navy ' s purview. The
report also identified the need to make improvements in processes, poli cies, technologies, and
training to improve our ability to understand UAP.

Q. What are the national security threats that the Pentagon is concerned about?
A. The Department of Defense takes seriously any incursion into our airspace by any ai rcraft,
identified or unidentified, very seri ously.

Q. Is the U.S. not currently a,,'are of items in its airspace?
A. Not all objects in U.S. airspace are tracked and identifi ed, especiall y if they are small and
don' t pose a threat. However, the increase in unmanned aerial systems and airspace debri s has
highlighted that there are a number of obj ects which do pose a concern. Thi s ef'fonlowe rs the
threshold for items to be considered and evaluated to ensure that we are abl e to identi fy any
items that may pose a threat to safety of fli ght or nati onal security.

Q. Why is the data you have insufficient? Wh at else do you need ?
A. Encounters with UA P are often brief and fl eeti ng, and frequentl y involve a single source,
such as a verbal report or a single photograph. We need more data and a better repo rting
structure - standardized reporting, timely reponing, and furth er reducing the stigma about
reporting on UAP so that we have more reports fo r pattern and trend analysis.

Q. Who is goin g to be the AOIMSG Director/what can you tell me about the AOIMSG
b udget/ 0 rga n iza tio nls ize/m e m be rsl perso nne 1/operation s/ etc.?
A. As Deputy Secretary Hicks noted in her memo, implementing guidance is forthcoming.

Q. C an you explain the SUA term? Why are you using that now?
A. Special Use Airspace is des ignated in acco rdance with 14 CFR Pan? 3. It ' s a more accurate
term fo r airspace that the AO IMSG will be foc using on. SUA is airspace th at is restri cted fo r
national security and other uses, and incl udes military operations areas, firin g ranges, etc. For
the AOIMSG , we are not interested in looking at all airspace in the world ; the AO IMSG will be
focused on the areas where there are security ri sks to our training, operations, and infrastru cture.
[Thi s is no di fferent than what the UAPTF was foc used on - military training ranges and
operations airspace.]


Coordinated w~h: DUSD(I&S), DDNI
Prepared by: "kb"',)(,6,,)_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _----'                                                       2
Q"" u.s.DEPT OF
        DEFENSE            OSD(PA) BRIEFING CARD
                            AOIMSG Establishment
                                        November 23, 2021
     Executive Summary
    Public and news media interest in unidentified aerial phenomena (UAP) remain s high. ODNI
    submitted a preliminary assessment report to Congress on June 25, 2021 , as required by the SSe!
    report attached to the FY20 NDAA. That report noted the challenges associated with assessing
    UAP occurring on or near DOD training ranges and installations highlighted and al so identified
    the need to make improvements in processes, policies, technologies, and training to improve our
    ability to understand UAP. On the same day, DSD directed OUSO(J&S) to develop a plan to
    formalize the mi ssion currently perfonned by the UAPTF. On Nov . 23 , 2021 , DSD signed a
    memo announcing the establi shment of the Airborne Object Identification and Management
    Synchronization Group (AOIMSG) as the successor to the UAPTF; the memo also established
    the Airborne Object Identification and Management Executive Council (AOIMEXEC) to provide
    oversight of the AOIMSG.

    Top Line Messages I Talking Points

    •   We take reports of incursion s into our airspace - by any aircraft, identifi ed or unidentifi ed -
        very seriously, and investigate each one.

    •   Safety (of our personnel) and security (of our operations) are of paramount concern.

    •   Our approach has been - and will continue to be - driven by science and data.

    •   The Deputy Secretary's direction reflects her des ire to ensure the Department is full y aware
        of objects in our airspace in order to protect safety of fli ght and national sec urity.

    •   The AO IM SG construct focu ses on proacti vely identifying objects in Special Use Airspace,
        rather than simpl y focu sing on items that were observed but not identified. This wi ll help to
        ensure that we are postured to collect adequate data during the event, instead of on ly
        gathering data forensically.

    •   This has been, and will continue to be, a co ll aborative effort, in volving many organizations
        across 000, as well as with interagency partners.

    •   We current ly lack the data to indicate whether UAP are part of a foreign collection program
        or indicative ofa major technology advancement by a potential adversary.

    •   There is not one single ex planation for UAP .

    •   We need to improve our capacity and capability to further analyze UAP. We need more data,
        more sensors, more reporting, and more consistency and standardization in reporting.

    Coordinated with: QUSD(I&S), Navy
    Prepared by: c.Kl'-'.X.:..6.:..)_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _--' 1
•   The selection ofUSD(I&S) and the Director of Operations, Joint Staff on the AOIMEXEC
    reflect the Department's characterization of thi s iss ue as both an operational and intelligence
    problem, and provides strengthened guidance to ensure appropriate efforts are undertaken in
    each area.

•   Implementing guidance with further detail s on the AOIMSG Director, organizational
    structure, authorities, and resourc ing, is forthcoming.


Questions and Answers

Q. Why is the Deputy Secretary replacing the UAPTF?
A. The DNI report to Congress highli ghted the challenges associated with assessing airborne
objects, including UAP, occurring on or near DOD training ranges and in stallation s. It also
confimled that the scope of the UAP activity expands significantly beyond Navy's purview. The
report also identified the need to make improvements in processes, po li cies, technologies, and
training to improve our ability to understand UAP.

Q. What are the national security threats that the Pentagon is concerned about?
A. The Department of Defense takes seriously any incursion into our airspace by any aircraft,
identified or unidentified, very seriously.

Q. Is the U.S. not currently aware of items in its airspace?
A. Not all objects in U.S. airspace are tracked and identified, especially if they are small and
don ' t pose a threat. However, the increase in unmanned aerial systems and airspace debris has
high lighted that there are a number of objects which do pose a concern. This effort lowers the
threshold for items to be considered and eva lu ated to ensure that we are ab le to identify any
items that may pose a threat to safety of fli ght or national security.

Q. Why is the data you have insufficient? What else do yo u need?
A. Encounters with UAP are often brief and fleeting, and frequentl y invol ve a single source,
such as a verba l report or a single photograph. We need more data and a better reporting
structure - standardi zed reporting, timely reporting, and further reducing the stigma about
reporting on UAP so that we have more reports for pattern and trend analysis.

Q. Who is going to be the AOIMSG Director/what can you tell me about the AOIMSG
bud get/orga niza ti 0 n/s izel rn e rn be rsl perso n nello pe ration sl etc.?
A. As Deputy Secretary Hicks noted in her memo, implementing guidance is forthcoming.

Q. Can you explain the SUA term? Why are you using that now?
A. Special Use Airspace is designated in accordance with 14 CFR Part 73. It 's a more accurate
term for airspace that the AOIMSG will be focusing on. SUA is airspace that is restricted for
national security and other uses, and includes military operations areas, firing ranges, etc . For
the AOIMSG , we are not interested in looking at all airspace in the world; the AOIMSG will be
focused on the areas where there are security risks to our training, operations, and infrastructure.
[This is no different than what the UAPTF was focused on - military training ranges and
operations airspace.]


Coordinated w~h: DUSD(I&S), DDNI
Prepared by:"kb,,)("'6:!.)_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _-'                                                         2
Q. Why is the memo using the term " airborne object" (rather than UAP)?
A. The term "UAP" still refers to items that are unidentifi ed. The ODNI report in June 202 1
noted that most obj ects were unidentified due to incompl ete data. Therefore. thi s effort seeks to
proacti vely detect, identify and attribute obj ects to help minimize the overall number of items
that are cl assifi ed as UAP. Additi onall y. as we ' ve said, we need more data, includi ng more
reporting. One way to do that is to destigmatize UAP reporting by standardi zing and
nonnalizing reporting of airbome obj ects in SUA - whether the obj ect is a UAP or another
obj ect.

Q. Why is Navy no longer in charge of UAP examinations?
A. The Department recognizes the great work that Navy did on examining UAPs, both before
the UAPTF ex isted and as the head of the UAPTF. The June 202 1 report to Congress confirmed
that the scope ofUAP activity ex pands beyond Navy and identifi ed the need fo r improvement in
many areas to better understand UAP ; thi s invo lves organizations across DoD and the usa
interagency, and is better directed at the OSD level rather than by a military department.

Q : Is the AOIMSG being established under the USD(I&S) because there are intelligence
concerns or concerns about foreign actors?
A: The US D(I&S) has broad responsibiliti es for intelli gence and security, whi ch includes
security of U.S. fac ilities. The US D(I&S) also oversees defense intelli gence producti on and
anal ysis whi ch are criti ca l capabilities to ensure identi ficati on of obj ects. As there are significant
operational equities, the Joint staff is also in volved.

Q. What is the mission of the AOIMSG?
A. The AOIMSa will oversee the Department' s efforts to detect, identi fy and attribute obj ects
of interest in Spec ial Use Airs pace and to assess and mitigate any associated threats to sa fety of
fli ght or nati onal security.

Q. Has the Department found any evidence of extraterrestrial technology?
A. The examinations into incursions by UAPs are still ongo ing; we lack sufficient infonnati on in
our dataset to attribute incidents to spec ific ex planations. It is not the purpose of the AOfMSa to
look for evidence of ex traterrestri als. Other parts of the government do that; fo r exampl e, NASA
looks for evidence of li fe on other pl anets.


Coordinated w~h: DUSD(I&S), DDNI
Prepared bY:",Kl'"-X,,,6,-
                       ) _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _--'                                                               3
                        DEFENSE MORNING CLIPS
                          As of 0430 Hours, November 24

OVERVIEW
Chairman of the loint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Mark Milley spoke with General Valery Gerasimov, chi ef of the
Russian General Staff, as an exerc ise of continued communicati on 10 reduce ri sk and operational conflict amid
ri sing concerns of a Russian in vas ion of Ukraine, Bloomberg News reported. Additionally, Deputy Secretary of
Defense Kathl een Hicks announced the creation of the Airborne Object Identification and Management
Synchroni zation Group, which will investi gate " unidentifi ed aeri al phenomena" found in restricted military
airspace, according to the New York Times. Also of note, the Pentagon continues to search for log istical solutions
to pandemic-related suppl y chain chall enges th at have upended the defense industry, De/elISe News wrote.

TOP STORIES
1.      Top U.S., Russian Military Chiefs Talk Amid Ukraine Tensions
Bloomberg News, Nov. 23 (135 1) I Tony Capaccio

The top military offi cers of the U.S. and Russ ia spoke Tuesday as tensions remam hi gh over Moscow's
depl oyment of about 100,000 troops on the border with Ukraine. General Mark Milley, chairman of the U.S. Joint
Chiefs of Staff, and General Valery Gerasimov, chief of the Ru ss ian General Staff, talked by phone about "several
sec urit y- related issues of concern," according to a statement from the Joint Chi efs. Russia's Defense Mini stry
confirmed the call , lnterfax reported, without providing details.

2.      Pentagon Forms a Group to Examine Unexplained Aerial Sightings
New York Times Online, Nov. 24 (0008) I Ju lian E. Barnes

The Pentagon on Tuesday night announced a new group to investigate reports of unidentified aerial phenomena
in sensiti ve areas, work that will be overseen by both the military and the intelli gence agencies. The group will
lead an effort to "detect, identify and attribute objects" in restri cted airspace, as we ll as mitigate any threats to
military flight s.

3.      "No company is immune': Supply chain woes weigh on defense firms
Defense News Online, Nov. 23 (1050) I Stephen Losey

More than a year and a half after the COV ID- 19 pandem ic began to rock suppl y chains around the world, the
defense industry is still wrestling with its fallout - and fi guring out how to move forward amid the turmoil. From
massive deli veri es of steel and aluminum needed to build the military's newest ships and aircraft to landing gear
brakes to items as small as sem iconductors, suppl y chain shortages or delays have upended the plans of defense
firms of all sizes.


                                                          - 1-
-- With assistance fro m HenlY Meyer
                                                                                                   RETURN TO TOP

2. Pentagon Forms a Group to Examine Unexplained Aerial Sightings
The allllOUllcemellt follows a report that failed to clarify strallge phellomella observed by military pilots alld
others over the past two decades
New York Times Online, Nov. 24 (0008) I Juli an E. Barnes

WASHINGTON -- The Pentagon on Tuesday ni ght announced a new group to investigate report s of unidentified
aerial ph enomena in sensitive areas, work that will be overseen by both the military and th e intelli gence agencies.

The group will lead an effort to "detect, identify and attribute objects" in restricted airspace, as well as mitigate
any threats to military fli ghts.

The announcement follows the release ofa report in June that fail ed to provide ex planations of 143 sightings of
strange phenomena by military pilots and others over the past two decades.

The report frustrat ed so me inside the intelligence community who believed more analysis and research should
have been done to try to categorize and explain the phenomena. Releasing a report that said the sightings were
unex plained further drove theories that the videos or pictures could be visitors from space, a theory that few in
the U.S. government take seriously.

Kathleen H. Hicks, the deputy defen se secretary, said the new group would be called the Airborne Object
Identification and Management Synchronization Group. It will be overseen by an exec utive council made up of
the under secretary of defense for intelligence, the director of the Joint Staff and senior officials from the Office
of the Director of National Intelligence.

The group will focus on special-use airspace, which includes military operations areas, firing ranges and pl aces
restri cted for national security and other uses. In a memo, Dr. Hicks said unidentified aerial phenomena in spec ial-
use areas represented a potenti al safety iss ue for military pilots and rai sed "potential national security concerns."

In June, the Offi ce of the Director of National Intelli gence rel eased a report that reviewed unidentified aerial
phenomena seen since 2004, noting that 143 remained unex plained. Of those, 21 reports, in volving 18 epi sodes,
poss ibl y demon strated technological know-how unknown to the United States, such as objects moving without
observable propul sion or with rapid acceleration that is believed to be beyond the capabilities of Russ ia, China or
other terrestrial nations.

Government offi cials said pri vately that there was no evidence of Ru ss ian or Chinese advance technology in use,
much less space-traveling alien s, in the information collected. But the officials acknowledged that the


                                                         - 11 -
From:                           fb   X6)
Sent:                                Tuesday, November 23, 2021 9:23 PM
Subject:                             Establishment of the Airborne Object Identification and Management Synchronization
                                     Group (AOIMSG)
Attachme nts:                        20211123 DSD ESTABLISHMENT OF THE AOIMSG.pdf


Media colleagues,

Today, Deputy Secretary of Defense Kathleen Hicks, in close collaboration with the Director of National Intelligence,
directed the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence & Security to establish within the Office of the USD(I&S) the
Airborne Object Identifica tion and Management Synchronization Group (AOIMSG) as the successor to the US. Navy's
Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force. The AOIMSG will synchronize efforts across the Department and the
broader U.S. government to detect, identify and attribute objects of interests in Special Use Airspace (SUA), and to
assess and mitigate any associated threats to safety of flight and nationa l security. To provide oversight of the AOIMSG,
the Deputy Secretary also directed the USD(I&S) to lead an Airborne Object Identifica tion and Management Executive
Council (AOIMEXEC) to be comprised of DoD and Intelligence Community membership, and to offer a venue for U.S.
government interagency representation.

Incursions by any airborne object into our SUA pose safety of flight and operations security concerns, and may pose
national security challenges . DOD takes reports of incursions - by any airborne object, identified or unidentified - very
seriously, and investigates each one . This decision is the result of planning efforts and collaboration conducted by
OUSD( I&S) and other DoD elements at the direction of Deputy Secretary Hicks, to address the challenges associated with
assessing UAP occurring on or near DOD training ranges and installations highlighted in the DN I preliminary assessment
report submitted to Congress in June 2021. The report also identified the need to make improvements in processes,
policies, technologies, and training to improve our ability to understand UAP.

In coming weeks, the Department will issue implementing guidance, which will contain further details on the AOIMSG
Director, organizational structure, authorities, and resourcing.

The Deputy Secretary's memo on the establishment ofthe AOIMSG is attached. You can see her initial direction to
OUSD(I&S) to begin the plann ing effort for formalizing the UAPTF's mission
here : https://media.defense.gov/2021!Jun/2S/2002749916/-l/-1/1/DEPUTY-SECRETARY-OF-DEFENSE-MEMORANDUM -
ON -UNIDENTIFIED-AERIAL-PHENOMENA-ASSESSMENTS.PDF

Please direct any questions on this to~Kb",X",6,,),-_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _---,

Regards,
Defense Press Operations


                                                              1
    From:                        rt')(6)
    Sent:                          Wednesday, December 1, 2021 5:44 PM
    Subject:                       OSD{PA) COB


    DOD RELEASES

    '" SECDEF Call with Polish Counterpart. SECDEF spoke with Polish Minister of National Defense Mariusz
    Bfaszczak to discuss the United States' commitment to NATO and exchanged views about the Be larus regime's
    hybrid tactics along Poland 's border and Russia's military activities around Ukraine. Read the full readout
    here: https:/Iwww.defense.gov/News/Releases/Release/Art icle/2857573/readout-of-secret ary-of-defense-
    Iloyd -j-aust in-iiis-call -with-polish -minist er-ol

    '" Upcoming Guantanamo Periodic Review Board. Posted a media advisory on defense.gov announcing media
    wi ll be allowed to observe and cover unclassified portions of the Guantanamo Periodic Review Board for
    Khalid Ahmed Qasim (ISN - 242) at the Pentagon sate ll ite viewing location on December 7. Media are asked to
    RSVP by 1 p.m. December 3. You can read the advisory at
    htt ps:/1 www.defense .gov/News/Advisories/Advisory/Articl e/2858 619/g uanta na m 0- peri od ic-review-boa rd-
    media-invitation-a n nou nced -december-7-2021/


    THREE DAY FORECAST (all events subject to change)

rt>)(5)


                                                           1
rt'X5)


  QUERIES OF NOTE

  '" Chief Information Officer. Jackson Barnett, FedScoop, heard that the DoD Cia's office recently re-organized
  some of its positions to elevate the staff involved in the Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations (EMSO)
  effort. He asks what has changed in EMSO? Coordinating with the DoD ClO on a response.

  '" Federal Lawsuit Claiming Religious Exemptions are "Sham." Michael Chen, KGTV-5an Diego, asked for
  comment regarding a Marine that is part of a federal lawsuit filed in Tampa alleging the vaccine mandate
  religious exemption process is a 'sham,' pointing to the numbers so far in which none have been
  approved. Responded that we cannot comment on on-going litigation but provided key messages from the
  PAG regarding the importance of the vaccine and readiness.

  * Economic Security Initiatives. Mary Walsh, CBS News, requested information pertaining to the economic
  security memo and initiatives. Sent a summary of the actions that outlines how the DoD will provide
  immediate relief to economic insecurity and how we will work to train and educate the force on financial
  readiness.

  * Mergers & Acquisitions. Jonathan Guilford, Reuters, requested information on DoD's role in Mergers &
  Acquisitions, as he is writing a column on how the DoD and antitrust authorities weigh general concerns about
  competition against the DoD's national defense mandate. Provided copies of 000 Directive 5000.62, which
  establishes policies and assigns responsibilities for M&A, as well as the Defense Science Board report that
  created the DoD M&A program.

  * DoD in the Indo Pacific. Naveed Jamali, Newsweek, asked if OSD had a comment on 000 posture in the
  Indo-Pacific region in light of China-Taiwan tensions, and if the DoD is "prepared for the potential of PLAN
  increased aggression in the region?" Referred the reporter to Secretary's October 22 news conference at
  NATO headquarters where he addressed these issues.

  * DASD for TRAC. Tony Capaccio, Bloomberg, asked to confirm that Mr. Kingston Reif had started as the
  Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Threat Reduction and Arms Control (TRAC). Coordinated with
  Acquisition and Sustainment; Mr. Reif started as the DASD for TRAC on Nov. 29.


                                                          2
* AOIMSG Establishment. Ed Browne, Newsweek, sent separate queries seeking comment from DSD Hicks
and USD(I&S) Moultrie on their 'hopes and aspirations' for the AOIMSG, their personal thoughts on ' UFOs,'
and national security implications. Referred reporter to DSD's memo on the establishment of the AOIMSG,
and provided pre-a pproved lines, including: "The preliminary assessment report on Unidentified Aerial
Phenomena that the Director of National Intelligence submitted to Congress in June 2021 highlighted the
challenges associated with assessing airborne objects, including UAP, occurring on or near DoD training ranges
and installations. The report also identified the need to make improvements in processes, policies,
technologies, and training to improve our ability to understand UAP. The AOIMSG will focus on proactively
detecting, identifying, and attributing airborne objects - including both known objects and UAP - in Special
Use Airspace, rather than simply focusing on objects that were observed but not identified. One goal is to
help minimize the overall number of airborne objects that are classified as UAP."


Defense Press 0 erations
 )(6)


                                                      3
From:                          rt')(6)
Sent:                             Friday, December 10, 20215:52 PM
Subject:                          OSD{PA) COB
Attachments:                      briefing cards for the week Dec 6- 1O.pdf
Signed By:                      Kb)(6)                          I

BRIEFINGS

'" Press Engagement. Pentagon Press Secretary John Kirby held an on-came ra, on-the-record press brief. In
his opening remarks, he discussed President Biden's plans to present the Medal of Honor to Army Master Sgt.
Earl Plumlee, to Mrs. Tamara Cashe on behalf of Army Sgt. 1st Class Alwyn Cashe, and to Mrs. Katie Ce liz on
behalf of Army Sgt. 1st Class Christopher Celiz; Deputy Secretary Hi cks' meeting with her U.K. counterpart,
Permanent Secretary for the Ministry of Defence David Wi lli ams; Deputy Secretary Hicks' planned travel,
beginning Dec. 13; and the 122nd Army- Navy football game, to be played Saturday in East Rutherford, New
Jersey. Topics of questions included the Nati onal Defense Strategy and Nuclear Posture Review; a DoD-funded
study of the ICBM program; whether the Department of Defense had an opinion of W ikiLeaks founder Julian
Assange's possible extradition; ca lls from Russia for the U.S. to rescind offers to join NATO; the Russian
buildup along Ukraine's border; the DoD's confidence in Ukraine's ability to defend itself; military options if
talks with Iran fail; whethe r the U.S. agreed to hold joint military exe rcises aimed at Iranian nuclear faci liti es;
the death of In dia's Chief of Defense Staff General Bipin Rawat in a helicopter crash; whethe r Russia or China
poses the greater threat to U.S. security in the Indian Ocean and South China Sea; PRC efforts to build a
wor ldwide network of military faci liti es and any effects on Camp Lemmonier in Djibouti; al-Qaida in
Afghanistan; vaccination rates among U.S. service members; the response to service members who do not get
vaccinations and whether boosters wi ll be required; whether Secretary Austin, on his next trip to the region,
wi ll discuss plans to expand the U.S. footprint in the Pacific; and whether draining the Red Hill Red Hill Bulk
Fuel Storage Facility in Oahu is a possibility. Mr. Kirby took no questions for follow-u p. A transcript wi ll be
posted at https://www.defense.gov/whenavailable.


DOD RELEASES

'" U.K. Meeting. Published readout of Deputy Secretary Hicks's virtua l meeting with U.K. Permanent Secretary
for the Ministry of Defence David Wi lliams, to deepen cooperation on a wide range of issues, including
defense strategy, technology inn ovation, force development, and strategic competition. Among other topics,
the two leade rs discussed Russia's concerning military movements near Ukraine's borders and reaffi rm ed their
unwavering support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. The full readout is posted at
htt ps:// www.defense.gov/News/Re leases/Re lease/Article/2 8 70021/ rea d 0 ut -of-d e puty-secreta ry-of-d efe nse-
dr-kathleen-hickss-virtual-meeting-with/.

'" DSD Travel. Published "Deputy Secretary of Defense Hicks Travels to Michigan, Colorado, Hawaii, California
and Nebraska," describing Deputy Secretary Hicks' plans to visit Se lfridge Air National Guard Base, Michigan;
U.S. Northern Command, U.s. Space Command, and the U.S. Space Force Space Training and Readiness
Command in Colorado; U.S. In do-Pacific Command in Hawaii; Naval Amphibious Base Coronado in California;
and U.s. Strategic Command in Nebraska starting Monday, Dec. 13. The full advisory is posted at

                                                            1
  htt ps://www.defense.gov/News/Advisories/AdvisorY/Artic Ie/28700 14 / de pu ty-sec reta ry-of -d efe nse-h icks-
  tra ve Is-to-m ich iga n-colora d 0- h aw a i i-ca lifo r n if

  '" U.S. -Swe den-Finland Meeting. PTDO DUSD(P) Dr. Karlin met with Sweden Defence Policy Director Johan
  Lagerl6f and Finland Deputy Director General for Defence Policy Janne Kuusela to discuss a range of global and
  regional security challenges facing Europe, and to underscore the importance of security and stability in the
  Nordic and Baltic region. The full readout is posted at
  https://www.defense.gov/News/Releases/Release/Article/2868722/readout-of-performing-the -duties-of-
  deputy-under-secretary-of-defense-for-polic/.


  THREE -DAY FORECAST (all events subject to change)

fbX5)


  QUERIES OF NOTE


  '" AOIMSG. Following up on a question by Travis Tritten, Military.com, from the Dec. 8 on-camera press
  briefing, provided the following statement to media via the broad DPO media distribution lists: "As directed
  by Deputy Secretary Hicks in her memo, we're currently transitioning the UAP Task Force and its ongoing
  efforts to the AOIMSG. We're also working on additional implementing guidance on the AOIMSG, as well as
  the Airborne Object Identification and Management Executive Council (AOIMEXEC), for Deputy Secretary
  Hicks' approval, per her memo. Once that guidance is approved and published, the transition from UAPTF is
                                                           2
AOIMSG is complete, and the AOIMEXEC has had its first meeting, we'll be happy to answer your questions
about the AOIMEXEC and AOIMSG more fully." Also provided the link to the DSD memo establishing the
Airborne Object Identification and Management Synchronization Group
lAO I MSG): https://media. defense.gov/2021/Nov/23/2002898596/-1/-1/0/ESTABLISHM ENT-OF-THE -
AIRBORNE-OBJECT-IDENTIFICATION-AND-MANAGEMENT-SYNCHRONIZATION-GROUP.PDF.


 * Detainees at Guantanamo Bay. Following up on previous questions, Jeff Schogol, Task & Purpose, asked how
many detainees at Guantanamo Bay have been convicted by military commissions. Coordinated with
Detainee Policy office and provided : David Hicks, convicted pursuant to pretrial agreement, transferred and
served sentence in Australia, charge upon which convicted subsequently vacated by appellate court; Ali Hamza
al Bahlul, convicted, serving a life sentence at GTMO; Salim Hamdan, convicted, served sentence, transferred,
charge (providing material support to terrorism) upon which convicted vacated by court of appeals as
inapplicable to overseas activities prior to the Military Commissions Act of 2006; Omar Khadr, convicted
pursuant to pretrial agreement, sentenced, transferred to Canada to complete sentence, paroled by Canada,
appealing his conviction in U.S. federal court; Ibrahim al Qosi, convicted pursuant to pretrial agreement,
sentenced, transferred after completion of sentence to native Sudan; Noor Uthman Mohammad - convicted
pursuant to pretrial agreement, sentenced, transferred after completion of sentence to native Sudan;
Mohammad al Darbi, convicted pursuant to pretrial agreement, sentenced, provided testimony against
alleged USS COLE bomber and Hadi allraqi, transferred to Saudi Arabia to complete sentence; Majid Khan,
convicted pursuant to pretrial agreement, serving sentence at GTMO.

 * Quarterly Suicide Report. Rachel Cohen, Air Force Times, requested the most current Air Force suicide data
for 2021, beyond what is provided on the Defense Suicide Prevention Office website. Responded that the
data provided on the website is the latest and that the next quarterly report should be published soon.


ADDITIONAL ITEMS OF INTEREST


 * National Defense Strategy. PTDO DUSD(Policy) Dr. Karlin conducted a virtual "M ission Brief" on Dec. 9 w ith
Becca Wasser of the Center for a New American Security, discussing the National Defense Strategy scheduled
for publication in early 2022. Topics included China as a pacing threat, Russia's military modernization,
integrated deterrence and the Global Force Posture Review. Dr. Karlin also took questions from the
audience. A video of the event is posted at https://www.cnas.orgjevents/mission-b rief-the-next-nationa l-
defense-strategy-with-dr-mara-karlin, and a DOD News article is posted at
https://www.defense.gov/News/News-Stories/Article/Article/2869837/dod -officia l-outlines-2022-national-
d efe n se-st rategy- i n-c n as-fo ru m/ .

* Cyber. DASD(Cyber Policy) Ms. Eoyang conducted a fireside chat with Jenna McLaughlin, NPR, for the annual
meeting of #NatSecGiriSquad. Ms. Eoyang highlighted whole-of-government efforts to combat ransomware
activities as well as the cooperation of international law enforcement to hold malign cyber actors accountable
for their actions. She emphasized the government's efforts to protect critical infrastructure against cyber
threats and, addressing a question from the audience, described DoD's recent efforts on Cyber Maturity
Model Certification.


 Defense Press Operations
E )(6)            I
                                                        3
From:                            fJ'x6)
Sent:                               Wednesday, November 24, 2021 4:30 PM
Subject:                            OSD{PA) COB
Attachme nts:                       briefing cards for the week.pdf


ON TOP

... AOIMSG Establishment. Multiple reporters (including Spencer Ackerman, Forever Wars/The Daily Beast; Tom Rogan,
Washington Examiner; Courtney Kube, NBC; Jeff Schogol, Task & Purpose; Greg Hadley, Air Force Magazine; Jazz Shaw,
Salem Media Group/Townhall Magazine; Terace Garnier, Newsy; Ramin Skibba, Wired) asked about last night's press
release and DSD memo on the establishment of the Airborne Object Identification & Management Synchronization
Group (AOIMSG), the new activity replacing the UAPTF. Most focused on the 'new' term SUA, AOIMSG vs. the
organization in the amendment proposed by Rep. Gillibra nd, and interagency coordination. Provided clarification on
SUA; noted that we weren't going to comment on or speculate about proposed legislation; noted that not only would
the AOIMSG be collaborating across DoD agencies and with interagency partners (just as the UAPTF did), but ODNI
would be invited to participate in the AOIMEXEC that's providing oversight and direction to the AO IMSG; and noted to
several that, as the DSD memo indicated, implementing guidance on membership, roles, responsibilities, etc., would be
forthcoming. Garnier and Skibba asked to interview someone via Zoom today (Garnier) or next week (Skibba); declined
interviews for now.


DOD RELEASES

... SECDEF Thanksgiving Message. Posted SECDEF statement thanking DoD employees for their service and for the
support and love they receive from their families. Read the fu ll statement
he re: https://www.defense.gov/News/Releases/Release/Art ic le/28S 38S 2/stateme nt -by-secreta ry-of -d efense-II oyd-j-
austin-iii!

... SECDEF Thanksgiving Calls. SECDEF spoke today over video-teleconference with service members from each branch of
the armed forces to wish them a happy Thanksgiving. The Secretary expressed his appreciation for their service in
defense of the nation and in supporting our allies and partners around the world. Read the full press release, including
the list of units called, here: https://www.defense.gov/News/Releases/Release/Article/28S4007/defense-secretary-
makes-thanksgiving-calls-to-deployed-service-members/

... AOIMSG Establishment. Announced that DSD has directed USD(I&S) to establish the Airborne Object Identificatio n &
Management Synchronization Group (AOIMSG) to synchronize efforts across the department and with other federal
departments and agencies to detect, identify and attribute objects of interest in Special Use Airspace (SUA), and to
assess, and as appropriate, mitiga te any associated threats to safety of flight and national security. You can read the
press release here: https://www.defense .gov/News/Releases/Release/Article/28S3121/dod-announces-the-
esta bl ish m ent-of-th e-a i rbo rne-o bj ect-id entifica t io n-a nd -ma nag/
And you can read the DSD memo here: https://media.defense.gov/2021/Nov/23/2002898596/-1/-
1/0/ESTABLISH MENT-OF-THE -A IRBORNE-OBJECT-iDENTIFICATION-AND-MANAG EMENT -SYNCH RON IZATION -GROUP .PDF

... Hybrid Vehicle Kit. The Defense Innovation Unit (DIU) is adapting hybrid conversion kits for mi litary tactical vehicles to
reduce fuel consumption. In August, DIU and the Army's Project Manager Transportation Systems issued awards to two
companies to integrate their respective commercial solutions into prototype idle-reduction Fam ily of Medium Tactical
Vehicles, the Army's standard two-and-a -half to la-ton trucks. Read the 000 News article


                                                               1
 he re: https://www.defense.gov/News/News-Stories/Article/A rticl e/2 853 64 9/ p rototype-a i ms-to-red uce-fuel-use-
 improve-tactical-vehicle-performance/

 ... USD(P) Call with Spanish Counterpart. USD(P) Dr. Colin Kah l met virtually today with Spain's Secretary General for
 Defense Policy, Admiral Juan Martinez Nunez. The two leaders confirmed the robust bilateral defense relationship
 between the U.S. and Spain and, emphasizing Alliance unity, discussed a range of security challenges facing NATO. Read
 the full readout here: https://www.defense.gov/News/Releases/Release/ Article/2853 789/readout-of-under-secreta ry-
 of-d efense-fo r-po Ii cy-d r-coli n- ka his-virtua I-m eeti ng/.


 THREE DAY FORECAST (a ll events subject to change)

 Thursday, Nov. 25
 -- Thanksgiving Day (federal offices closed)
 Friday, Nov. 26
 -- Nothing scheduled

~X5)


 QUERIES OF NOTE

 ... PRC / China Cooperation. Caitlin McFall, Fox News, asked if the Pentagon is "concerned by this call for increased jo int
 military exercises by China and Russia?" Referred her to the Oct. 25 press conference when Mr. Kirby answered the
 sa me quest io n (https:/ /www.defense.gov/News/Transcripts/Transcript/ Artie le/282 22 3 5/ pe nta gon-p ress-secreta ry-
 joh n-f -ki rby-h 01 ds-a -p ress-bri efi ng/) .

 ... VH-92 Report. Mosheh Gains, NBC, queried about the report on the VH-92 (presidential helicopter) as reported by
 Bloomberg. Coordinated responses with Director, Operational Test & Evaluation and NAVAIR. Part of the response
 included, "The presidentia l helicopter replacement program continues to execute to its acquisition strategy of
 integrating government defined mission systems into a commercial helicopter, while maintain ing FAA airworthiness
 certification and adding no new critical technologies. A concerted effort between WHMO, DCA, PMA-274, and HMX-l
 wi ll ensure a safe and successful transition to the VH-92A. HMX-l has some of the most professiona l and capable
 maint enance Marines from the fleet to ensure every aircraft remains fully operationa l and in support of presidentia l
 transport."


                                                               2
... Request for Medica l Assistance Teams to Michigan. Robin Erb, Bridge Michigan, and Dustin Walsh, Crain's, asked for
confirmation that DoD Governor Whitmer has requested medical assistance teams for hospitals in Michigan. Explained
the process by which the state would request assistance via FEMA, and informed them that such a request hasn't
reached 000 yet .

... 000 Civilian Vaccination Rate. Patricia Kime, Military.com, and Caitlin Doornbos, Stars & Stripes, requested the
percentage of DoD civi lians that are vaccinated. Informed reporters of the data on the Defense.gov/coronavirus and
provided the approved state ment: "Th e 000 federal employee compliance and vaccination data includes all civilian and
active duty employees who have received vaccinations through DOD providers or self-reported that they had been
vaccinated. As we continue to process the incoming data, DoD wi ll provide further updates on DOD civilian vaccination
rates. Being fully vaccinated is one of the surest ways to bolster our readiness and safely meet the readiness
requirements that our national security depends on. We have and wi ll continue to implement the vaccination
requirement without disruptions to the critical work of the Department."


ADD ITI ONAL ITEMS OF INTEREST

... Ted Stevens Center for Arctic Strategic Studies. Mr. Randy "Church" Kee, Senior Advisor for Arct ic Security Affairs,
conducted an on-the-record interview with Melody Schreiber, Arctic Today, on the progress of standing up the Ted
Stevens Center for Arct ic Security Studies, the Department of Defense's sixth and newest regiona l center. The int erview
focused on the mission of the center, how it supports the 000 and U.S. government, and the efforts to " build while
doing" to qu ickly address national securit y needs. Publ ication wi ll be the week of Nov. 29.


 Defense Press Operations
P>X6)           I


                                                             3
[b)(6)

 From:                                rt>)(6)
 Sent:                                 Thursday, December 9,2021 9:23 PM
 To:                                   Kirby, John F SES (USA); Trudeau , Elizabeth K SES OSD PA (USA); Breasseale, J Todd SES
                                        OSD PA (USA)
 Cc:


 Subject:                               RE: AOI M SG Establishment Update


 Copy; I can incorporate that and send to our distro.

From : Kirby, John F SES (USAfb)(6)
Sent: Th ursday, December 9,"2"02"1;"7":n.
                                        OO,,-pDiM
                                                "----...J
To: "b)(6)                                                                 Trudeau, Elizabeth K SES 050 PA (USA)
~                                     I Breasseale, J Todd SES OSD PA (USAlb)(6)
 af ~                                                                                                                         I
 b)(6)                                                                                                                            I
 b)(6)                                                                             I
 :,uDJect: Ke:          ) tstaOllsnment u paate


           From:p>)(6)
           Date :T~I~111=rs=d~a=
                               y,'D~e~c=e=In~b=e=rn9,'2VO~2"1=a7t7
                                                                 5 ~·5~7~·2~3·P"M
                                                                                ~------------"
           To: "Kirby, John F SES (USA )"1b)(6)                                             I"Trudeau, Eli zabeth K SES
           OSD PMUSA )"Kb)(6)                                                     I "Breasseale, J Todd SES OSD PA
           (USA),lo)(6)                                                   I
           Cc¥J>)(6)                                                                                                      I
         [b)(6)
         Kb)(6)

           SUbJect: K~:               i Establishment U pdate


           Sure. From you or from me? See proposed below.


       (b)(5)


                                                                   1
  Regards,

P>X6)


  From: Kirby, John F SES (USAPX6)
  Sent: Thursday, December 9 202!';1"5~:"'33;-"P"
                                                M;----------------'
  To:P.X6)                                                                            ITrudeau,
  El izabetn
  OSD        K S7k.~O~SiD~P~A~(~U~S~A~~~r:;!~6~
         PA (USA,"""",-6)            = )::::::::I::::::::::-'!I=tB~re=a"'s=s~ea=le='~J~T~O=dd::..::S~ES
  CdbX6)


  :subject: RE: Au l M~li Estab li shment Update


  Rgr.


  Can we summarize this into a concise answer back to Travis?


  From:p>X6)
  Sent:T¥ih~l~lf~Sd~a~y~,D~eC~e~ln~b~e~r99~,2~O~2~1~3C:2~7[PEM~==========~~~~~~~~~
    To: Kirby, John F SES (USA)KbX6)                           I Trudeau, Elizabeth K SES OSD
 """PA~(U",S",A-,)[",llb=X'6"'-)_ _ _ _ _t -_ _j~ Breasseale, J Todd SES OSD PA (USA)
 IbX6)                                   I
    Cef;1>X6)


  Subject: AO IMSG Establishment Update


  BLUF: The AO IMSG is not yet fully operational; further implementing gu idance is
  forthcoming.


                                                     2
Providing thi s update due to Travis Tritten' s recent queries and articles.


DISCUSSION

~ ~ DSD Hick memo of23 NOV directed several things:


+ designate an acting Director

+ immed iately begin transitioning UAPTF to AOIMSG

+ submit implementing guidance to her for approval (organi zational membership, roles,
responsibilities, and authorities for the AOIMSG , AO IMEXEC, and OSD and 000 components)


~. First two are underway.   Matt Cummings (SES in OUSD(I&S)) is acting director; we haven ' t
announced this publicly.

~- UAPTF is cont inuing its work during the transition, so there is not a halt/pause in efforts to
examine reports of UAP in military airspace.


~- Not expecting that implementing guidance will be published until the NDAA is signed, as Sec.
1683 of the House-approved version wi ll directly impact the AOIMSG .

~. OSD(LA) Intel Team fully expects that Sec. 1683 will be in the final , signed NOAA .


~. OUSD(I&S) and other components are working on having implementing guidance ready for
DSD approval as soon as the NDAA is signed into law.

-- There ' s a meeting on the implementing gu idance this afternoon.


-- I've been in discussion with OUSD(I&S) for some time that once the implementing guidance
is published, we need to hold a backgrounder for media.

~ - So far, OUSD(I&S) has agreed to that (not that Matt is thrilled , as he'd be the key se nior
defense offic ial), as they all recognize this is needed to further our efforts to normalize,
standardize, and destigmatize reporting on UAP/airbome objects in military ai rspace, as well as
get our messages out on the AOIMSG and what it ' ll be doing than constantl y being in RTQ
status.


Regards,


                                                   3
fb)(6)

 From:                               Magsamen, Kelly E SES (USA)
 Sent:                               Wednesday, November 24, 20219:19 AM
 To:                                 Plumb, Radha I SES (USA); Lauter, Louis I SES OSD OASD LA (USA); Williams, Matthew R
                                     SES OSD OASD LA USA· Norman, Mela T (Mela Louise) SES (USA); Berlin, Jennifer SES
                                     SD;     )(6)
 Cc:                                  )(6)                 Kirby, John F SES (USA)
 Subject:                            RFI: Hospitals Seek Military Help in Michigan Amid (ovid Overflow
 Attachments:                        Defense Morning Clips 24 Nov 2021.pdf
 Signed By:                        K\l)(6)                   I

 Team: Saw this in the clips. Have we received a formal request from the Michigan Governor for DoD help on
 COVID? Obviously, she has authorities to use the Guard, but is she asking for broader help? I haven't seen a letter or
 anything .


 7.        Hospitals Seek Mi litary Help in Michigan Amid Covid Overflow
 Bloomberg News, Nov. 23 (1635) I Keith Naughton and Anna Edney
 Henry Ford Health System has seen Covid-19 cases soar by 50% in three weeks, straining staff and care at the Detroit-
 based network offive major hospitals in southeast Michigan. On Tuesday, statewide (ovid hospita lizations reached
 4,085, approaching the record of 4,640 set in April 2020 at the onset of the pandemic. Michigan's hospitals, with the
 help of Governor Gretchen Whitmer, have asked the U.S. Department of Defense to provide emergency staff, said Brian
 Peters, chief executive officer of the Michigan Health & Hospita l Association.

 Thanks,
 Kelly

 Kelly E. Magsamen
 Chief of Staff
  to the Secretary of Defense


 ~e6)

 From¥b)(6)
 Sent: Wednesday, November 24,20215:04 AM
 Subject: Defense Morning Clips 24 Nov 2021

 Note: There will be no Defense Morning Clips on Thursday. It will resume Friday, November 26 .

 •••
 DEFENSE MORNING CLIPS
 As of 0430 Hours, November 24

 ...
 OVERVIEW


                                                              1
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Mark Milley spoke with General Valery Gerasimov, chief of the Russian
General Staff, as an exercise of continued communication to reduce risk and operationa l conflict amid rising concerns of
a Russian invasion of Ukraine, Bloomberg News reported. Additionally, Deputy Secretary of Defense Kathleen Hicks
announced the creation of the Airborne Object Identification and Management Synchronization Group, which will
investigate " unidentified aeria l phenomena" found in restricted military airspace, according to the New York Times. Also
of note, the Pentagon continues to search for logistical solutions to pandemic-related supply chain challenges that have
upended the defense industry, Defense News wrote .

•••
TOP STORIES

1.     Top U.S., Russian Military Chiefs Talk Amid Ukraine Tensions
Bloomberg News, Nov. 23 (13S1) I Tony Capaccio
The top military officers of the U.S. and Russia spoke Tuesday as tensions remain high over Moscow's deployment of
about 100,000 troops on the border with Ukraine. General Mark Milley, chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, and
General Valery Gerasimov, chief of the Russian General Staff, talked by phone about "seve ral security-related issues of
concern," according to a statement from the Joint Chiefs. Russia's Defense Ministry confirmed the ca ll, Interfax
reported, without providing details.

2.       Pentagon Forms a Group to Examine Unexplained Aerial Sightings
New York Times Online, Nov. 24 (0008) I Julian E. Barnes
The Pentagon on Tuesday night announced a new group to investigate reports of unidentified aeria l phenomena in
sensitive areas, work that will be overseen by both the military and the intelligence agencies . The group will lead an
effort to "detect, identify and attribute objects" in restricted airspace, as well as mitigate any threats to military flights.

3.       'No company is immune': Supply chain woes weigh on defense firms
Defense News Online, Nov. 23 (lOS0) I Stephen Losey
More than a year and a half after the COVID-19 pandemic began to rock supply chains around the world, the defense
industry is sti ll wrestling with its fallout - and figuring out how to move forward amid the turmoil. From massive
deliveries of steel and aluminum needed to build the military's newest ships and aircraft to landing gear brakes to items
as small as semiconductors, supply chain shortages or delays have upended the plans of defense firms of all sizes.

DEFENSE DEPARTMENT

4.        Key Pentagon Posts Remain Vacant Amid Supply-Chain Crisis
DefenseOne.com, Nov. 23 (1650) I Marcus Weisgerber
In March 2020, as the corona virus spread and milli ons of employees around the country were told to work from home,
the Pentagon's acquisition and sustainment office mobil ized to figure out how they could safely keep open companies
critical to national security. But the office has been leaderless since Jan. 19, when Ellen Lord, the Trump administration's
defense undersecretary for acquisition and sustainment, stepped down. And those government-industry conference
calls have stopped.

S.      ' Forever Chemica ls' Exposure Data Emerging From Federal Studies
Bloomberg News, Nov. 23 (1704) I Pat Rizzuto
The findings of perfluorohexane sulfonic acid (PFHxS) and six other per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) in the
blood of 459 people living in Westfield, Mass., near Barnes Air National Guard Base were among the fi rst study results
recently posted by the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry. The study is one of eight Congress ordered the
agency, part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to conduct to better understand the extent of exposure
to PFAS in drinking water resu lting from military bases. It will discuss the findings with the community at a Dec. 9 public
meeting.


                                                                2
6.        Pentagon test office says new presidential helicopter not yet 'operationally suitable' for emergencies
The Hill Online, Nov. 23 (1551) I Jordan Williams
The Pentagon's test office says that the new presidential helicopter is not yet "operationa lly suitable" for emergencies,
Bloomberg reported on Tuesday. According to an unpublished report from the Pentagon's director of operational test
and evaluation, dated Sept. 28 and obtained by Bloomberg, the aircraft is "operationally effective" for routine missions
such as a trip to Camp David or taking the president to Joint Base Andrews, but not yet for "contingency operational
flights."

COVID-19

7.      Hospitals Seek Military Help in Michigan Amid Covid Overflow
Bloomberg News, Nov. 23 (163S) I Keith Naughton and Anna Edney
Henry Ford Health System has seen Covid-19 cases soar by SO% in three weeks, straining staff and care at the Detroit-
based network offive major hospitals in southeast Michigan. On Tuesday, statewide Covid hospit alizations reached
4,08S, approaching the record of 4,640 set in April 2020 at the onset of the pandemic. Michigan's hospitals, with the
help of Governor Gretchen Whitmer, have asked the U.S. Department of Defense to provide emergency staff, said Brian
Peters, chief executive officer of the Michigan Health & Hospital Association.

8.      Unvaccinated soldiers and Army units see updated rules in latest FRAGOs
Army Times Online, Nov. 23 (1319) I Rachel Nostrant and Davis Winkie
Unvaccinated troops wi ll be lim ited to mission critical travel and will have to submit a negative COVIO-19 test at least
weekly before entering military facilities, according to two fragmentary orders issued Nov. 21 and reviewed by Army
Times. The FRAGOs also outlined the appeals process for troops who are denied religious waivers and described how
commanders must purchase COVID-19 test kits for their soldiers .

EXECUTIVE/LEGISLATIVE

9.       Expanded benefits for vets exposed to burn pits coming, but for some it's too late
ABCNews.com, Nov. 23 (1656) I Lauren Lantry and Isabella Meneses
There are multiple ways to expand veterans' benefits. The president can sign an executive order, Congress can pass
legislation, which could then get signed into law, or the VA can choose to recognize more claims. Last week, the Biden
administration said it was establishing a new policy to help more veterans exposed to burn pits during their service
overeas receive more benefits.

10.       Veterans groups urge Congress to stick by changes in the way sexua l assault is handled within the military
Stars and Stripes Online, Nov. 23 (1724) I Rose Thayer
More than a dozen veteran service organizations came together Tuesday to call on Congress to keep long-sought
changes to the way the military handles sexua l assault cases in the final version of the 2022 National Defense
Authorization Act. In letters sent to leadership of each chamber and of their armed services committees, the groups call
for full passage of the legislation, titled the Military Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act. The bill has
bipartisan support with 220 co-sponsors in the House and 66 in the Senate.

11.      Women would be required to register with the Selective Service if this amendment becomes law
USA Today Online, Nov. 23 (0604) I Savannah Behrmann
For the first time in history, women may be on the cusp of being included in future U.S. military drafts. When Congress
returns from Thanksgiving recess, they will be working overtime to approve the 2022 Nationa l Defense Authorization
Act, a must-pass national security package. It includes an amendment that would require women ages 18 to 25 to
register for the Selective Service, alongside men.

AFGHAN ISTAN-PAKISTAN

12.     No Afghan family members of u.s. troops have been eligible to come to the U.S. Here's why

                                                              3
Military Times Online, Nov. 23 (1752) I Meghann Myers
The Defense Department has received about 60 requests from service members and department civilians to get their
family members out of Afghanistan and legally into the United States, Pentagon spokesman John Kirby told reporters on
Nov. 15, but none of them qualify for an immediate legal residency status. The requests came through an inbox set up in
early November. Over the course of the 20-year war in Afghanistan, many Afghan-born immigrants joined the U.S.
military or became DoD civilians and contractors, while members of their family have remained in the country.

MIDDLE EAST

13.      Pentagon Says 'U.s. Forces Will Remain in Iraq' Despite Militia Warning for Dec. 31
Newsweek Online, Nov. 23 (1504) I Tom O'Connor
Defying a warning from local militias, a Pentagon official has told Newsweek that U.S. forces will remain in Iraq after the
scheduled end of combat operations on December 31. With less than a month and a half left in the year, an ensemble of
Iraqi paramilitary factions known as the Iraqi Resistance Coordination Commission shared with Newsweek a message
Friday expressing disappointment with the lack of U.S. mil itary drawdown.

14.      US base in Syria targeted by rockets - report
Jerusalem Post Online (Israel), Nov. 23 (2253) I Not Attributed
The Kharab al-Jir military base used by US forces in the Hasaka Governorate in northeastern Syria was targeted by
rockets, according to Syrian state news agency SANA . According to the report, five rockets were fired at the base. No
casualties have been reported. An officia l from US Central Command (CENTCOM) told AI-Arabiya that no injuries or
damage were caused by the rocket attack, saying that the rockets fell short and did not impact near the bases
themselves.

15.      U.S. weighs grim options if nuclear talks with Iran collapse
NBCNews.com, Nov. 23 (1001) I Dan De luce and Abigail Williams
As Iran and world powers prepare to resume negotiations next week on reviving a nuclear deal, the U.S. and its allies are
already debating a list of "Plan B" options if the negotiations collapse, Western diplomats, former U.S. officials and
experts say. With chances for a breakthrough at the talks in Vienna looking remote and Iran at odds with U.N. nuclear
inspectors, U.S. and European officials face a grim set of choices - from ramped-up sanctions to potentia l military
action - as Iran's nuclear program advances into dangerous territory.

16.      Israel flags Iranian UAV bases, offers counter-measures to Arab allies
Reuters, Nov. 23 (0446) I Not Attributed
Israel sharpened its rhetoric against Iranian combat drones on Tuesday, disclosing what it said were two bases used to
carry out maritime attacks with the remote-controlled planes and offering to cooperate with Arab partners on counter-
measures . "Today I reveal to you two central bases in the area of Chabahar and Qeshm island in south Iran, from which
operations in the maritime arena were launched, and where today, too, advanced Shahed attack drones are deployed,"
Israeli Defence Minister Benny Gantz told a televised security conference.

INDO-PACIFIC

17.     Biden In cludes Taiwan Among 110 Invitees to Democracy Summit
Bloomberg News, Nov. 24 (0338) I Nick Wadhams
The Biden administration included Ta iwan among the 110 invitees to its upcoming democracy summit, the State
Department announced on Tuesday night, a move that's intended to show solidarity with a key regional partner but risks
angering Ch ina. Taiwan was invited to join nations, including the U.K. and Japan, at the Dec. 9-10 virtua l summit, the
State Department said on its website Tuesday. The online gathering is an event Joe Biden vowed to host while a
candidate for president last year, with the goal of rallying like-minded countries around efforts to fight corruption and
authoritarianism and advance human rights.

18.     Philippine Navy Brings Supplies to Troops in Second Thomas Shoal One Week After China Coast Guard Attack

                                                             4
U.S. Nava l Institute News, Nov. 23 (1728) I Rene Acosta
The Philippine military undertook a resupply mission for its troops in the Second Thomas Shoal in the Kalayaan Island
Group (KIG) on Tuesday, exactly one week after the mission was aborted after two Chinese Coast Guard vessels used
water cannons to attack the two civilian boats bringing supplies to the soldiers. The delivery of supplies for the small
contingent of soldiers aboard the partly sunken BRP Sierra Madre, which Filipino troops are using as an outpost in
securing the Second Thomas Shoal, apparently went along with a scheduled troops' rotation.

CHINA

19.      'Clock is ticking' as U.S. vulnerable to Chinese electromagnetic attack, experts warn
Washington Times Online, Nov. 23 (1823) I Ben Wolfgang
America's elect ric grid and other key infrastructure remain vulnerable to an electromagnetic pulse (EMP) attack from
China, North Korea or other adversary, and the U.S. is at a pivotal moment if it wants to avoid a potential doomsday
scenario, a panel of experts warned Tuesday. At a major virtual forum hosted by the Universa l Peace Federation,
specialists warned of the growing threat of an EMP attack that could knock out communication s, water and sewer
services, transportation systems, retail and other central components of American society.

EUROPE

20.     Ukraine launches 'special operation' on Belarus border, holds Javelin drills
Reuters, Nov. 24 (0328) I Pavel Polityuk
Ukraine, which has accused Russia of massing troops nearby and says Belarus could send migrants over its borders,
launched an operation on Wednesday to strengthen its frontier, including military drills for anti-ta nk and airborne units.
The Ukra inian state border service said the "special operation" at the border with Belarus involved troops of the
National Guard, police, Armed Forces and other reserves.

21.    Fearing new Russian threat, Ukraine races to upgrade its navy
CNN.com, Nov. 23 (2136) I Sebastian Shukla and Frederik Pleitgen
The Ukrainian naval patrol boat "Kremenchuk" churns out into the gun-grey waters of the Sea of Azov, one mounted
machine gun pointing aft, another pointing fore into the drizzle. Commander Ivan Ovchar explains his ship's mission: "To
defend and maintain the sovereignty of Ukraine." The threat, the officer and many of Ukraine's allies believe, comes
from Russia.

RUSSIA

22.      Moscow says U.S. rehearsed nuclear strike against Russia this month
Reuters, Nov. 23 (1740) I Andrew Osborn and Phil Stewart
Russia's defence minister on Tuesday accused U.S. bombers of rehearsing a nuclear strike on Russia from two different
directions earlier this month and complained that the planes had come within 20 km (12.4 miles) of the Russian border.
But the Pentagon said its drills were announced publicly at the time and adhered to international protocols.

23.      Russia, China Sign Roadmap for Closer Military Cooperation
Associated Press, Nov. 23 (1308) I Vladimir Isachenkov
Russia's defense chief on Tuesday signed a roadmap for closer military ties with China, pointing to increasingly frequent
U.S. strategic bomber flights near both countries' borders. During a video call, Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu and his
Chinese counterpart Wei Fenghe "expressed a shared interest in stepping up strategic military exercises and joint patrols
by Russia and China," according to the Russian Defense Ministry.

AFRICA

24.     Military moves in Ethiopia risk undermining progress toward peace talks - U.S. envoy
Reuters, Nov. 23 (1441) I Not Attributed

                                                             5
The u.s. Special Envoy for the Horn of Africa said on Tuesday that "nascent progress" toward getting all parties to
Ethiopia's conflict into negotiations on a ceasefire risks being outpaced by an "alarming" increase in military operations.
Envoy Jeffrey Feltman briefed reporters in Washington after returning on Monday from Ethiopia, where he met Prime
Minster Abiy Ahmed and discussed a potential diplomatic solution to the year-old conflict, which has killed thousands
and displaced millions in Africa's second most populous nation.

25.     Sudan's Hamdok says investigation launched into violations against protesters
Reuters, Nov. 24 (0226) I Not Attributed
An investigation has been launched into violations committed against protesters since the military power grab on Oct.
25, Sudan's newly reinstated Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok said, according to a statement from his office. Hamdok and
the group called for political prisoners to be released as soon as possible and for the right to peacefully protest to be
respected.

AMERICAS

26.      U.S. plans to lift terror designation of Colombia's FARC
Washington Post, Nov. 23 (0115), Pg. A13 I Karen DeYoung and Samantha Schmidt
The Biden administration has informed Congress that it plans to lift a nearly 25-year-old terrorist designation aga inst the
former Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, following a peace dea l the group signed five years ago w ith the
Colombian government. New designations will be issued for at least one of the splinter groups that have broken with the
FARC, as it was known, and still consider themselves at war with the government. The administration also plans to keep
in place existing U.S. indictments against individual members, including for drug trafficking, according to people familiar
with the decision.

NAVY

27.      The Navy is working to ease the supply-chain shortage in LA County
Military Times Online, Nov. 23 (1606) I Rachel Nostrant
The Navy is working with the Oxnard Harbor District in Port Hueneme in Los Angeles County to provide direct support in
decreasing port congestion in hopes of reducing the national supply-chain shortage. The collaboration is part a Joint Use
Agreement that was first signed in 2002, allowing the Navy, when activated, to support commercia l supply chain
logistics by authorizing commercial use of certain facilities and areas aboard Naval Base Ventura County, freeing up
space to move and store cargo.

INSTALLATIONS

28.        Timeline Extended for Resettling Afghan Refugees in Indiana
Associated Press, Nov. 23 (1719) I Casey Smith
Federal officials said Tuesday that they've pushed back their timeline to resettle roughly 4,100 Afghan refugees who are
still at the Indiana Nationa l Guard's Camp Atterbury training post more than two months after they arrived there.
Limited resettlement agency resources and the coronavirus pandemic have delayed resettlement efforts, Aaron Batt,
Department of Homeland Security coordinator for Operation Allies Welcome, sa id during a news conference. Officials
previously said their goal was for refugees to be permanently resettled by early November.

29.       On a South Jersey military base, help for Afghan evacuees starting new lives
Philadelphia Inquirer Online, Nov. 23 (1835) I Jeff Gammage
Lt. Col. Adam Howland became an attraction the moment he stepped through the door and onto the hardwood floor -
an American soldier who speaks Dari, one of Afghanistan's two national languages. He was formally trained as an expert
on the culture and served in-count ry as a bridge between people and agencies. As the lead culture adviser, Howland, 41,
spent the last three months as a central pOint of contact and problem-solving for 11,100 Afghans, all awaiting
resettlement in communities across the United States.


                                                             6
ACQU ISITION & INDUSTRY

30.     U.S. needs 'manufacturing renaissance' to compete with China - Report
BreakingDefense.com, Nov. 23 (0944) I Brad D. Williams
A new report calls for a US "manufacturing renaissance" amid an intensifying economic and national security
competition with China, which has openly stated it intends to displace the US as the world's leading economy in coming
decades. The new report from the Reagan Foundation, titled "A Manufacturing Renaissance: Bolstering U.S. Production
for National Security and Economic Prosperity," provides four recommendations to strengthen the US manufacturing
base. These include modernizing the Defense Production Act, enlarging the US workforce for high-demand trades,
creating new public-partnerships and financial incentives to strengthen economic sectors important to national security,
and facilitating new forums with G7 and Quad (US, India, Japan, and Australia) countries to coordinate on economic
issues.

MODERNIZATION & TECHNOLOGY

31.     JADC2 Cross-Functional Team adds new Transport Working Group
Fedscoop.com, Nov. 23 (1325) I Jackson Barnett
The main organization working to implement one of the mi litary's top modernization priorities stood up a new group
dedicated to developing modern networks and communications standards . The Joint All Domain Command and Control
(JADC2) Cross-Functional Team (CFT) now has six working groups, with the Transport and Warfighter Communications
Working Group activated Tuesday. The CFT is the central body of civilians and uniformed military members from across
the department working to coordinate the development of a network-of-networks that can enable the integration of air,
land, sea, space and cyberspace operations . Now the CFT has a group dedicated to cloud, communications and network
tech oversight.

CYBER

32.      'The game has changed': VMware exec says defense industry faces destructive cyberattacks, belligerent foes
BreakingDefense.com, Nov. 23 (1440) I Brad Williams
Not content to just steal secrets, foreign threat actors targeting the defense industrial base are increasingly becoming
more belligerent when encountered by incident response teams, actively engaging cyber defenders and sometimes
turning to destructive attacks when pressed, according to VMware cybersecurity chief Tom Kellerman. "The game has
changed," Kellerman told Breaking Defense in a recent interview . "The adversary now doesn't just want to break into
defense contractor x and steal national secrets. The adversary wants to break into defense contractor x and then use
their digital transformation to attack government agencies ."

NOTABLE COMMENTARY

33.     America Repeated Vietnam's Mistakes in Afghanistan
Wall Street Journal, Nov. 24 (0200), Pg. A15 I Arnold L. Punaro
Defense Department leaders have assured Congress and the American people that the military would study the war in
Afghanistan to learn lessons from America's 20-year involvement and painful exit. This will be an important exercise, but
not a new one. Many lessons from Afghanistan mirror ones from Vietnam. This time, we owe it to our fighting sons and
daughters not merely to identify the lessons of failure but also to integrate them into our military so they aren't
repeated.

34.     Team Biden Is Talking Itself Into a Hole With China
Bloomberg Opinion, Nov. 23 (1800) I Hal Brands
The fundamental question isn't whether the u.s. wants to preserve peace amid increaSing tensions with China. The
question is how best to do so while also defending American interests. Biden may have had it right the first time:
"Extreme" competition now could be the best guarantee of "healthy" relations later.


                                                             7
35.       Americans Want to Defend Taiwan . The Pentagon's Budget Should, Too
DefenseOne.com, Nov. 23 (1658) I Chet Lee
In recent polling, a greater share of the American public than ever supports using the U.S. military to defend Taiwan
from China's aggression. More Americans than ever believe Taiwan should become a treaty ally of the United States. But
more than ever, Americans also believe the U.S. military is incapable of matching up to China's People's liberation Army.
This rising tide of public support for Taiwan presents an opportunity for lawmakers to close the gap between the u.s.
military budget and arsenal that we have to what is needed to balance and compete with that of China.


                                                            8
