{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-04T10:05:59Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 828094, "source_ctime_ns": 1790470897032701795, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/doc-0000015452.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790470735097932352, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/doc-0000015452.pdf", "source_sha256": "d06d2c6adce3f776815c73fa63bdda8e57dedcae54ee2c309b11c42a9f815256"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 149, "chars": 1021, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9 April 1968
Nothing But the Facts on UFOs
Which Novosti Writer Do You Read?
1.
Novosti (AFN -- the Soviet "unofficial" news agency) agrees with you. We
are forwarding attached reproductions of two articles which argue both
sides of the issue:
a .
"Unidentified Flying Objects" by Felix Zigel, Doctor of
Science (Technology), Assistant Professor, Moscow-Aviation Institute,
USIA's America) for which APN supplies all materials; and
b.
"'Flying Saucers'? They're a Myth!" by Villen Lyustiberg,
English translation on 12 March 1968.
The first articie takes UFOs quite seriously; the-second laughs then off
and even cleins the U.S. publicizes then to divert people from its failures
and aggressions.
2. It is not surprising that two writers take opposing views on so
controversial a subject, or that one adds e collop of propaganaa. It is
surprising to find any disagreement on any subject in Soviet media,
especially in materials made available by the came agency to approximately
the same readership. The irony is obvious

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 115, "chars": 762, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Which Novosti Writer Do You Read?
Novosti (AFN -- the Soviet "unofficial" news agency) agrees with you. We
are forwarding attached reproductions of two articles which argue both
sides of the issue:
a .
appearing in the February 1968 issue of Soviet Life (counterpart to
b.
English translation on 12 March 1968.
The first articie takes UPOs quite seriously;-the second laughs them off
and even cleins the U.S. publicizes them to divert people from its failures
and aggressions.
2. It is not surprising that.two writers take.opposing views on so
controversiel a subject, or that one adds a dollop of propaganda. It is
especially in materials made available by the same agency to approxinately
the same readership. The irony is obvious.
3-1
CATE
I RELEASE
16 hN 78

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 76, "chars": 448, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
reer

hone

7a

TF PP ae

* ;
, a | ° . ( s (
=F ¥ ha .
= _ a ee wo eer ne
. ‘
, — ee ee
~ oo _ enn
ter pe RR a :

an atel 7

’ -

I ~

: ee ces ce tr ae SR + . Latina ——————— - —™ . + —_ a n+. owe

im
3 Attachments
2 unclassified articles (paral) >
ee . ep ar ly ree te mt me
t
1 ones ee ee pe iin
.
aa °
-, .
Fd
z
;
}
:
t
&
‘
f
ee a ee ee ee

ton ge a
hs ace nr
aoa Bae,

ge me me eee gg li preins oe es er i + ne
. . ; .

ee ee ee eee ee ed

ee

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 259, "chars": 1620, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Tuesday
arch 12. 1.:
"FLYING SAUCERSI? THEY'RE A MYTH!
Villen Lyustiberg; ARN Science Commentator
In the last 20 years publicatio
of literature on "unidentified flying
objects" has advanced to one of the
first places in the world. ,This prob-
tions and clubs,
Are these "flying saucers" just
imagination or reality? Thousands of
recorded statements by eye-witnesses
seem to show that "there rust be bone-
thing in it". But let us try to loax
all these materials from a different
stand. So, as the convinced supporter
of the "saucer" theory say almost eve:
time, you can draw your own conclusion
while we give you.
"Facts Only"
he who noticed in 1947 nine shining discs flying in fornation at the speed of about
3,000 km an hour.
The next encounter with-saucers had a tragic outcome. In January 1940, an
irmense flying saucer appeared over the Nox US Air Baser Pursuing it Captain
Thomes Manthell perished. The last thing he reported from an altitude of 9,000
This story found extensive response. Many considered it to be a stern warnin;
of unknown envoys from other planets to leave them alone. There was a great deal
of a talk about the mysterious death of the pilot. -It was received as undoubted
But the results of a thorough investigetion by US authorities received much
less publicity. The mysterious
plastic balloon made by US Naval Forces under the secret "Skyhawk Operation" pro-
We know of stories about encounters and even hand-to-hand fights with pilots
A saucer out down a tree on the Amazon River shore and disappeared in the
turbid stream. It was never recovered. Another saucer glided over the earth like

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2330, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
an injured tird and most crashed before the eyes of witnesses. ButẠhaving spit
out" several pieces of metal, it levelled out its course and flex off. Delivered
to the police, the metal proved to be ordingry tin.
An abandoned silvery disc was found in the deep rock-coal seams in Norwegian
coal nines on Spitzbergen. It wes pierced and marked by microneteor impacts and
bore all traces of having performed a long space voyage. It vas sent for analysis
to the Pentagon erd disappeared there.
Nothing but a saucer put out of commission a high-voltage power transmission
line in 1965 and thus plunged several large American cities into darkness for six
hours.
But the nost thrilling masterpiece of this sort was probably the "Interview wi
a Man from Venus" published at the close of 1967 by the West German Stern magazine.
predatoria ed bet eyed agent of restagon. evas 5 in apol
phere without any devices. His modest fibre suitcase conteined an unusual silvery
Maybe these "facts" will do?
How Can They Be Studied?
It is easier to ask this question, than to answer it.
These flying saucers --
they are like Our Lady: they appear to those who believe in them. And they per-
sistently fail to show themselves to air observation posts, meteorologists and
astronomers, ive. precisely to those who can give us accurate information and trust-
worthy descriptions of a flying object.
Experiments that do not repeat themselves, or the chance appearance of a
phenomencn always either handicap the possibility of investigation considerably or
exclude it altogether.
cameres and alweys leave a margin for doubt.
A series of such photographs amazingly resemoles a straw hat with a black silk
ribbon, thrown into the air. Others undoubtedly prove to be internegatives obtained
from two combined slides, for instance, thet of a landscape and that of a strangely
designed craft drawn on white paper. Modern photographing techniques allow photo-
graphs to be produced which no expert will ever prove to be counterfeit. They are ;
real. But they do not show strangers from space; they show quite ordinary earthly
objects unexpectedly foreshortened -- pots, pans, plastic toys, and the like.
Are there photographs which evoke no doubts whatsoever? Yes, there are. They
always show shining objects of a circular or oval shape with vague outlines. Most

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 464, "chars": 2881, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Tuesday, No. n 12, 1958
- 3 -
likely these photographs show ball lightning.
Incidentally, the nature of the lat
has not been fully elucidated yet either, due to the vagucness of the place and ti
of its foraation. However, no one ever thought of ascribing a cosmic origin to it
Even with e superficial analysis, mysterious flares on clouds proved to be
reflections oi electric welding, warning lights of airplanes in the area of airpor
or distant summer lightning. And the November 1967 "saucer" over Sofia proved to ?
a high-altitude MATO reconnaissance balloon.
Among the nost serious works devoted to an investigation of the problem,
tre two which ought to be mentioned. One of then is the book "Flying Saucers" by
Donald Menzel who explains almost all cases of their appearance by disturbances in
The other is a book by Frank Edwards. It is a collection of statements, notes
and records of eye-witness testimony classified into several sections. True, Edwar
often qualifies his source as a witness who did not wish to have nis nane mentioned
but who ray be fully trusted, or that the trustworthiness of the witness is con-
firmed by numerous of his countrymen, but he cannot mention his nane so far for a
For Whom Is It Not a Myth?
They are those for whom science is a business.-Taking advantage of the lively
interest of people for everything that is strange and unusual, numerous lecturers
in the West appear before audiences with reports and stories, invite eye-witnesses-
to such lectures, and demonstrate photographs and slides. Most of these lecturers
are nothing but ordinary quacks. True, there are people who are sincerely convincei
in the truth of what they are talking about. They strive to draw the interest of
the public to certain phenomena but, we are sorry to say, there is nore hard than
use in that.
The Americans Lesly and Adanski are the most outright frauds among them.
neighbours to treat by simple and accessible methods such diseases as cancer,
glaucona, hypertension and others which afflict the human race. Their lectures,
motion-pictures, books and medical practice have brought then many hundred tncusand
We may trace a clearly defined regularity in the appearance of large numbers'
of flying saucers. And, strange as it might seem, this regularity is closely
connected with earthly events.
The first "cycle" of four years began in 1947. The number of saucers always
grows sharply on the eve of presidential elections in the USA. This is difficult
to explain. Maybe people on other planeis lay bets as to who will win in the next
elections -- the republicans or the democrats. Perhaps, these saucers appear in
order to divert the voters' thoughts from the again non-fulfilled presidentia)
There is another cycle.
True, it is not determined by time. Saucers flooded
the earth's atmosphere in 1951, in the months when the American troops were waging

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 155, "chars": 990, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
.. -4.
The next invasion of saucers was in 1965-1960, wher 35 American advisers in
South Vietnam were quickly replaced by half-a-million-strong army equipped with the
latest arms and intending to rout the National-Liberation Front within two weeks
and when the President of the United States of America, without declaring war and
in violation the constitution of his own country, gave the order that the peaceful
population of North Vietnam be subjected to brutal bombings.
In short, when newspaper circulation drops, when readers get tired of ccononic:
and politics and when they are to be diverted from "irrelevant" questions, the
western businesscen resort to three reliable, "always fresh" sensations: ' Flying
Saucers, the Sea Serpent (sometimes it is substitued by the Loch Ness Lake monster):
and the Snow Men.
It is much ricer to read about mysterious craft from Venus than to think of the
future, of the wage freeze, of growing prices or unemployment. Statesmen in imperia
THE END

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 1031, "chars": 6383, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNIDENTN TEL
FLYING OBJECTS
Firal the fartes apieral airiking and
reliable (FO aberrationa; and then.
On lugu: 2, 1757. at 11:30 P.M. Munx
line, while crossing the Norwegian Sea in a
westerly direction, There sailors witneed
this unusual phenomenon. said the radis.
gram:
"There were three of us in the cabin-
Captain Markor.
- Fenior Engineer
Tanne
and unvelf, Sies, no
Fleal Account
"THE PINCE if elmeration in Kazakh-
van the fei camp of o grophical en
pedition from a leningrad trazatch intitule.
The neared populated arality. Kaktel. is Il
mile anas. The line of oberation is opus
10, pr, alut 11 P.M. hal time.
Arrarding to M or ni Geology
and
Mineralog! Hikoai
cheranor. the cap
thirt. a atrange, luminous louly surelenly ap.
pared
mer the mouniains on the eastern
dope of the valley. it was noirs frons
• north to south. and it sinible diameter was
one and a hall times hunger than the Moon's.
I low arranda later the birds disappeared
behind a mountain top. reeppeared
and
i healed southeast. keeping constant sperd and
hright almar the Farth. The invalerious ob
jat was lenachaped anal bright, the edge
being comewhat less luminous than the
The lunts deariled an are in the thy
disappeared behind the mountains. leaving no
trare.
The unilentified Ming object FOr ma
ahere lo eight scientife workeso, men-
bero of the prophysival expedition.
Seroud Account
On lub 26. IX0. Lalian afranance
Rulert Vitolnich, Dan Meldezio and Foner.
alla Vilnick nete during nortilurenl
alienle al an aterpatien alation ni Opta.
| 9:5 P.M. the notied an usuall
bright oar using loud in a wealth dire
tion. Like at though binoculare with a
magnituation of right diameters, the "atari
profed itell into a sall, Out operk. The
Irran then dished the folloming in
arrible picture.
In the heart of a leashaped dir, which
feet mpoo. was elrach railant a thickened
part. a small ophere. Around the dise, at a
disture of the diamriers. were there aphere.
parabling the one in the renter. The spheres
dals platel arouted the dis as the entire
•ares diminished in aire, palalla leaving
the Earth Sue 15 to 21 minules later the
as if reling in liferent divertions. The
•phrer in the router alan lelt ile place anil
whitish spot moving southward.
"A lem minutes
Paler a bright apest Mared
up high in the sky. For a couple of seconds
it rushed headlong Irony west to can at an
angle of ky depress to the Earth. gelling much
larger. Suddenly it
ranis to a dop and with
a play of bripht rai
ren colora teller pie.
ominatings began throwing of sparke and
eled in a white shroud.
opsin the sphere like white nehula
ing south. The procedure was re:
weted lour times. On the fifth and last time
the spots tehas ins
hanged. It stopped mid.
turnal oner and a
and the shape of an
rap with the tinker end up. Then a powerful
while jet squirted fron the lower end. after
which lie egg preś
a pale, texanto enseloped
In white miss and with it white tail. Repan
to heal southnard.
for an hour and then sauished into thin air.
Fourth Arroun!
Nil one but several reparis came frons
astronomers at the Mountain Atrophysical
Station. LES Mademy of Sriences, 12 miles
In Jul 136: the dation recised letter.
from bal newspaper- reporting the flight al
• orange relish ore-rent neton the ok! al
2:20 P.M, on Jub 15.
In the sero rach morning of July 18, 1265.
astronomer H. I. l'uter. who was pheering
the Moon at the Vountain Station. noticed a
•trange I emation
at 2:500 .1.V1. M
• tinie. A while rud
appeared in the northeast at an devation of
about in degree, Ilo diaries mao paire an
long as that of the Moon but its nore was
weveral tinea less bright.
The chowd itsell had a derer milk! white
color, with a pos-ped nurleus clearly discen-
itle near it northern ent. The clout ex.
panded and aren paler. I fen minutes laier
the ahite ad diapered completes, but
the redia nute remained. Toward da!.
leak it fat it outlines and then diasppeared.
Photographe shoning its change were taken.
11 1: 111 P.M. on lug H. 125.. el the
LIFE
FEBRUARY 1968
By Felix Zigel
Doctor of Sclanka Hachnology!
Assliion! Prolossor,
Moscar Avlation Inalitule
opria in hall a minute. A bright olar of the
free magnitude no noting at a constant dis.
laure abead of the crescent.
do it nosed anay from the obersers, the
creerent dwindled, turned inta a dad dise
and then instanth disappested.
The mysterious abject was seen họ 10 of
the mation's crientifie workere. It was alon
oberved in historrulek. Aeroding in sa
tanus. the cresent no 12 mile anas.
and it was to lee than 501 feet arines
Optical Iusion?
Lel us slop here and dras some conclusinns.
that the evidens crise. The fail of the matter
i. haweser. that many thousands of an h
ileratiuno hase leen documented in the
put a tears. They tour frans sorene of
rountries and airtualls every corner of our
planet, including the Aretic and Antarctie.
The LEO phemenon is ton widespread and
popularly accepted to be dismissed lightly
A groning nuner of rio wientis are
not satisfied mith expimatime characterizing
Ile sightings as sisual aberrationa. It gure
without saving that the phenonenon attrals.
and will unfortunatels continue in, all conte
ol publirit seekers, But me to me •op wing
ninnes because three are counterfeiters. The
Ink of wrienre is precials. the obligation to
distinguish beineen the false and the true.
Thus, if crime ronalete thinp caucete a
hallurination, it still must explain the raye
of this plobal parchi lilars. That nas mell
be as dithrull to establish as the true nature
nf \ FO%.
The well-kaann Ameriran astophecial
Chinal Menael save that Ming saucero nie
optical phenomena in the Faribe atmophere.
Pause of Profane Menarte crientifie pies.
lize the explanation is prurzall acrepted. Hol
it does and holil water. Is sion as we go on
from this procalization to concrete inter
prelations of concrete deersations, it le
comes priderl that LEO will mut redier
rage, rainlow or hala type. Try the Mangal
explanalion on the four accounte me cited
cartier. Authing intelligihir willenierge. What
ne ween to lo dealing with here to a kind of
reality dill unraplored.
The appearame of LENa in olinnel alma!.
accompanied ho a hininescence of air and
the formation of an starspherie plama. Thjo
¡ar in tre bario for the "plana byparah
plasma of the hall lightning type. Hot this ex
planation does not hold up either. Hall light.
ning in alvare a thundertain produrt. and

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1193, "chars": 7240, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Firel the fartes errrral airiking and
reliable (ED aharratinne;
anil thril.
First Are
INHE PICE " observation
alas. the ficial carp of a zer
peditin from a leningtad treatch
popalateel korelits, Koktel.
* limp of ober alien
out 11 P.M
and
Nikolai
"ner the mounimi on the eatera
• of the valles.
moving fron
and its visible diameter wa
one aul a half times hunger then the beon's.
hehiml a mountain top. trappra
and
headed outhead. keeping constant operd and
height alose the Farth. The m
laus nh.
jet was leneshaped and bright. tor enges
heing enterhat les luminous than the
The buds de tiled an nee in the oky and
disappeared behind the tountains. leaving no i
lare.
The unilentifed thing object FOr mas
aharred by cipli scienlibr workrzo, mem-
here of the grophical expoition.
Second Account
On Jils 26. 169
Bolet Vitolnick, Tan Melteria and Guer-
able Vitolnick nere outing
rude al as oharmation diation at Opra.
It 9:5 1.M. the noticed an usuall
Prient¿$ar
tion. locked at through binerulars with e
magniluation of right diameters, the iotar"
premed itoell into a anall. Dat apsak. The
f a frishaped die, which
pinated tre he about 125
una rienel evident a thickened
past. a small sphere.
fraund thr dier. at a
distup of ta diamelers, were thier spheres
carmbling the une in the renter. The spheres
afoul malet around the dis as the entire
moten diminished in size, praduall leasing
the barth some 15 to 20 minutes later the
•phere legen to muse aman line the dies.
na it receding in different direrlinas, The
ophere in the centre also tell it flace and
mard awas. finally at I1 P.M. all these
shining emeral arren lodies mete an far
an as that the astronomiere fool ciphe of them.
This alangs piture was aloerved in the
northurarin par of the de at about on
degree alue the horian. The astronomers
potimated that the enigmalic abjecte were
about (x) miles whose the farth.
Thim Arrount
I lup radiopiam arrived at the nice of
the mazeine Saran. Ine which I hail atitten
an article on I FO. I ass wal bs Fire Mate
Basheshin on fhall of the rere of the Soire
whip literst.
On August 2. 1265. a1 11:10 P.M/. Maraw
line, mhile ero
wing the Sorregian See in •
wesless direction, Achersk cailors witnessed
this unusuel phenomenon, caid the radio-
• threr of us in the canin-
Captain
Markor. Senior Engineer Isanos
and m
for to the fridge and saw beetlike
puried a strange phenonen. a * on duty, re-
whitith spot moxing southward.
, lem minutes later a bright spot Maied
up high in the als. For a couple of croonds
it r
f headling from med to cal at an
pree to the barth, getting much
oh it ranie to a top and with
a play of bripht rainles colors fellow pre.
Лоніг
• began theowing off sparke and
pad in a white shroud.
1 the sphere-like white nebula
south. The procriture was re:
wee. On the fifth and last time
arine changed. It «lopped mid-
es and sumed the phape of an.
ree with the thinker and up. Then a powerful
while jet up
- frum the lomer end. after
which tie rag
#ten pales became enveloped
in while mist aul. with its white tail. fepan
to head southward.
All this «trang» celestial artis itt ma
visible
for an hour and then vanised into thin air.
Fourth Arcount
fron
iral
aek. Gaura
In juis 136. the
al neapaper
• orange relish 11
9:20 1.1. on Juh |
In the vers carh morning of Juhy_18.1965
astronamer I. I. Poster, who was ahearsing
the Moun at the Mountain Station. noticed a
•trange furnation again a cirar •are!
while run
appeared in the northeast at an elevation of
about 200 degered. Ito diameter
long at that of the Moon hut ite
The clous it elf bail a dente milks white
unlor, mith a trusted nucleus clearly discern.
ible near its nuethern end, The cloud ex.
panded and prem paler. I fem minutes later
the mine bad digersed completel
- but
the reddish rudene remained. Tomard dai-
break it foul its outlines and then disappeated.
Photographa shonica ito changes were taken
A 1: 10 P.M. on luan 1. 1000 a tha
came Mountain station aurenner Anatoli
Bazan oberted an unfamiliar fring objeit.
It was shaped like an avnimelziral crestent.
with it ronser sid turned in the ditection of
in morearn. Darea, faintly luminous rih
lone reculing the enderation trail of a
jet plane folkined lohind the horns of the
crecent. Is dismeter was tan thirds that of
the Moon. and it as not as bright. It wa
sellen with a tallish tirpe.
The objart was Mring horizontally in the
marthren part of the ok!. from aral to east.
at about he degrees above the horion. It ros.
and the distanie Iron Less Major la Casti
! feed magnitude was musing at a constant die.
! tante abead of the crescent.
¡ do it mused ana! from the cheersere the
cresent dwindled. turned into a small dier
and then instanth disappeared.
The nasterious ohject was seen by 10 of
the station's orientife workers. It was alon
emmi. the cresent pao 12 nillee anas.
and it was to lee than 50 feet arents.
Optical Huzion!
Lel us slop heir and dran some conclusions.
• rira
that the milence raise, The fart of the mallet
¡ is. hometer. that many thousands of auh
Huberations have been docunented in the
pad 30 peare. They come fron desene of
countries and virtually excey corner of our
platel, including the Artic and Antaretic.
The lEO phem menon is too widespread and
pepularly arrepted to he dismised lightin.
A prouing number of scrious arimatista are
not satisfied with explationa chatarterizing
| de viglitings ae ajaual aberrations. le pore
without saying that the plenomenon attrate?
and mill unfattunate continue lo, all colis
mones herause there are counterfeitess. The
tak of science is precisely. the oblipation to
distinguish brineen the faler and the true
Thus, if sirne ronsier thinp aucer a
hal'urination, it still must explain the cause
of this plobal pochi flare, Thst may well
le as difficult to ratablish as the irue nature
The well known American aurophysicist
Donald Menzel ca! that dying saucero nie
optical phenomena in the Paritin armsphere
Beause of Profane Menzel's orientife pree.
¡ tipe the explanation is prarzally arrepted. Hut
it does not ball waler. Ie woon as we go on
i fron this generalization to concrete inter.
pretationie of conciele alaersatione, it he-
comes riderd that ITO. will not redie
themaches to rutical phenomena of the mi
rage, rainlion or haln type. Try the benzel
raplanation on the four accounte we rited
earlier. Nothing intelligible will energe. What
he wren to lo dealing with here lo a kind of
realits still unexplored.
arcompanied by • huminesence of air and
the formation of an almospherie plants. Thjo
of LEO as aumulation of almophere
plans of the hall lightning tope. That this er
planation dore not hold up rither. Ball light.
ning in almate a thunderotorin product. and
the appearance al I1ll has no relation to
weather. Hall liplining dimetero as a rul
run four is far inches, in larger: the diant
alers of Ming dive are true and alem hun.
deal of tinse that size. The laharine of
110%. their chape and rile phriral prop
eite are quite diferent from whal we know
« Ball lightning.
Saurera anil Hallo
In find a clue in the nature of File, ne
mus dude all the reports on there ourprising
and. In my mind. real whini. Ools a wire
life analvis will preral the truth. What is.
brineser, olear already in that (81) phonin.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 1337, "chars": 8152, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
anon ren le ahjeelieel! aualserel ant claui.
fad. The It0 elroifiration adopled ts fre
cipu laezatipatero io also ronfirnied ty Suri
ho di when alened from kanh or
plessco, 891ho apprar ao trizlel diora wish e
meLallie tinge. Najatand f'rulrauur Vaachrolas
Vait-ra adirreel asu le a Baing aaurer In liNol.
alaae thed-spise, frien a Tl-1118 airirals miek.
Ing a orluluksl Hiely. The hupe Irighs metat
dis alid under the linero felh, mate a tura
and at ome distanr lusk a courr paral!el
wih elr ainenft. • bulging rupe resendling
• eshin roull te wen in the hrart of the dis.
Mirp dring atrigsile the plane for orseral
operanda, it enerspsl ahrupdis minl dicappeared.
A similar ahija was olaerse hy pendetic
a-tromomer loudsila Terkhanmich In the
•ummer of 129 near Nakhumi. Couranue.
The ltl) mare a ex ilt uanruser ner the rea.
then healed fot the mountains. The astron
imer wae. haweste, alile Io ere that the ren
tal penaruing part of the die had halee
which serued to le lit fron the inside.
UFO motemento die peculiar. Soneline
thes hores aset the earth far lene af minuies.
la Aiphe obes can deselop incredible aperda
and acrrferationa.
11 :15 o41 the parnin= of June 12. 1xdn,
un th retkhlo of Enlita a tram of gen
whariste fru tho Intitute of Oil and Gat
Inhistry, Velpopia, Lel lo V. C. Kralor.
nidie a problish ohijet muning mitoe the
ha. It mas chapre likr amall din.
Soalkaal the tusls lrgan le fall emifil
akng • heliral tajators, ile pallish cubr
chaisfing to bripht whitellur. Then there aae
a with of Hare, onl instrait of the lonls
bripht lhe rod loud apared. I pickh
perad wad airl arteid anas
Hepemling oin the sirsing anale. Ming
dina hok Haltened or ripar-chaped ar opheri.
ral. In enre rasro a l10 apprara ao •
orert, turning inte a dise belost Imir
The felirf that Iti aie real is alas torer
wat hs the fard that thear enipmatir aljes ia
mie ned only sieitile to lire nabed ear. hot
kase ditinet inagre on plutpraphir poir
and ae prnded ho cnh impartial nit
meriạids talar diperno.
lir Fatir Mujur Hidukes. oa a night nif.
ein alane the Chlrea lrgine no April t.
¡xd molited on le wiren ,! his plane.
paler a strango eshjeed ahisle mse alse apelled!
ta prounelhaeed radur units. Tithin 15 min.
nia the aljal dropped front 31 to lil miks.
in the wel quartey of an hour te 15 mile.
and in the nert 10 minutrs In ll miks. The
1 810 pensineal unitentifirl.
Danraer and Pursult
Te arllen pihd, chirl naigar
af Sonirt padar niation Valentin Mluratan
carilv one al hio ranunieg mitle Ming
•ž-+=:
Ia l'ide respopro in alealegir ine perea
Kaisame in a Tl .I planr in the ace .f Cp
le afasale tae foie mrulire annl oletenla pos
id i dr taje ell mine "ur
porp-ist parallel po out este. Ie1-ked aren
moste titr a bergr prerlerfopol heno mitte
in th Hue ak!. N'e apalel no artiae, uper.
leture. wingo oe prolhles on thal dise,
Nt did we wer an wahanl pawa or rindenes.
lin trail. I1 Dra al ahal arenied le ta an
injao.illo aparel."
Do Prejudires
Intil saently no wientife study af 1T0
hue lera male in the Soviel l'nion. Mise
than that, the preralling and In my epinlnn.
mitaten tien mas thal 10 aie crininen
aplical pletuanrna in lhe Farih'o rmogphere.
Thure nao m caller lion af l10 ni wirale:ne.
and the peneral iuspression was that Ming
•aurro are lantatire. The sitnatio non is
•hanginf
Ia 12! th Nouls Puldiding House af the
(ielt tralan ol driemre in wheuled in
tring mut a Prack sillel Populated Outce
Space, salited Io Seademirian Bria Kontan.
linzs. Vär Pereilent of Mr I'ssh-Meadem
of Shere, The distinpuihel Sotiel and
(arign rimtribunro inlude: dratmtian
Sälor Aulartuman, Merander Oparin.
Merander Imahenri-ky, Andrei Nolingoror:
Conespmding Meitero of the USSh Arad.
eu ol ariemee Vasili Kupreiich. Nkrandre
Vaduplin. Jril shklork!: and eminent for.
rien vientisto Melvin Calin. Nilliam Pick
ering-Frank Solisdun 1S1, Nornan
P'irie, Ikanard Leell •Greal Pritaint, Hano
Freulenthal «.Netherlandss, Giu-eppe P'iccardi
•Italy and many olhets.
The anth-tig! will hair a opreial aretien
dronsl to the I E) pralden with contriby
• lima from Imatian arientiste Joseph Hunch
James Mr Donall, Jak Valle!, and
frank
salirbur. arti lea lo Sosiet writere and | F0
rdreo nade in de Soriel Ininn.
Suit ol istin- of 110. like these |
rilel carler, mrie nol taken lrun a saelemati
ndlertien of infornuon of thie kind:
Sajrna. Thi- 1a1 = orr.11ilo 11
da h.mr ler ma mre || orali..r..
in the I will. Ihr hoe alreads aolteted wte
tereis al arll-taunrnieil -
snıl
MI HUN•.
In Man lx a qinting proup oi wh
li-s, the militars, writers and publir fipure
ind to larn an unnfirial bals whine purune
boll le to condu a pelinine
lihe inatigation of 1 106 Thie pieen in-
ohaleit Profaap Heineich lulaip: Deators
of wirare Nikedai /Iriens andl Peur Ih-tuzhes
! Lala: ohief navigal-e of niel polar asiation
Valentine Akuralm: Çenezal Profri Sul-
varo. Iamil Reino. Georgi Vper and Grotpi
Keratin: Iniee Hern of the Sneiel I'riun
Giripii Siskn, Valer of Nime tenp
ing: Here of Ihe Sinie Union aent
Irbatrrina Healuna and batalia krastuna
The expoiralin. wt up Opeler I'Nii
alted the 1 10 setian ad the AI nim Cen
namautha Committer, mith healquartero al
Ihe Craltal House of Mialion aid Conn
Tatie in Wowen. fir fae Waes femta
l'uâri tmiat na ciatal cha
Ihe et Trin.
The of no alu ae parti ipaling in this
wew and ruiling unestling hale an ain.
Litin- geogru of witk abad. The hidl ölep
rature af 180- àn ter al lumitias phroon.
i ens. Judfing ly allee -uspriere, wature har
wese in huee for te lare tos, alof we mul to
rad for perhapo a padiralỗạtrrorennal "l
naluriẠạẠạ
Thr hypallrie that 1TDe mifinaie in
ohey weelds, that thes are Bing ralt ferm
plarte oilbee than Farth, merite the minet
wib+ie dlaninalinin.
Olerattne ohia dut l'ille Ichaer ren
sildeiạiin a prop funation figlt thes noain.
lin a paliein. They aie ureal olten opolled
wies airfielilo. atamir •latiano and miher arr?
new enfinerting in-tallifona Un encetantee.
! ing airrealo, sie! alma! « maneusce an ao 1o
avil ditert rontart. & consilesabte ties of
Iler werningh inteligent alins pisee He
impresion the | Fl are ineipating. par
hipe marn coonmitering.
Curils rooph. Ie nunter nf tTO ol
ceratim imir.re ao Mar- ajyrrle the
Farth. Ia that pure e nin ilonie?
sore progle think thit 110 have afs
prared in the Fattlio alu-phere onty duting
der pad lan ileratrs. Thieis nut the rar.
The 110 plenoon has lorg obepsied
throuclue the hisly of mankind. Theee ape
melinal and aivient sepeps otrikingh oimt.
far ln nut:.
Aming dla carlire | $1) prpeila, ao an en
ample. mas lo the arlldeniraeniad etvena
lime ef a '¿''ege cover" in 11:42 anil =
"Tiarti of l-lits" in Il& Threr srpesl
still anail inse-lipilion.
The nand trauhilde I 11 phonanenig i
de larmuo "Tungiudo natrtite In creeni
seara imird wirnilioo hase ratal-li-tel thal
Ih Tungu-ko caplasion had oarey pataneies
H an air nisleer bed. The (SSR fenlem)
o/ Nicere hpatle inlunt 13 No, I and
1Xio hare suire li Alerri Zakla in
peine thal ile Tunpirh! luals roull ad lo a
nuteitile ar a ronart.
In du sumer of IX: de Jaint lastitute
el Nurber Harareh at Hulma puldi-hal •
stus ks alimir Veklade, mba runtustee
I that the Tungu-hs lilast fle ronälealibe se-
silual radinactitin. Finallo, ao teirnily mo
• HMd after analyanig au ıdal o] oera
tine on the Tanpuh! fudy'n Nighe this
aritey ahmrad that lefire the Mad the Tur
i puls Iots desilel in de almogtere •
lenonkes air of alag dis uile in ralent
i fin azinutht, thal is rarrinl nul a manroure.
Ill thear nen results wartant the ronclosinn
tlat tlee Tunguks leals areme en hase larn
an artifrial lhing rralt fran conve olher
planol
Shoukt thie le faalle ranfirinet hs invre
sipalino mim in ppoper, the vipnifr arr of
Ihe Tungashs disatre anull to iw-limalite,
But this, in identally, will pese nea prole
frino. Il me are indeed being olieliel lip
erraturra frum otlies planto, ahat toiạiheir
purpare? Mly aer thes ao duliosly asnid.
ing ana dirl erital? Io theie unawiabilit!
Iu pauk ol ao hiri a sn ai orliyeurol
that lhas auls mo lenm that "Trigldiạijwst po
ae firrik ujuire anel alialo anto? dle io diuar oi cl
Br p-ibilits oonm welending ine
we are loan in the waine Iniserr and mir!

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 1410, "chars": 8401, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Miep Ming akitig-joe the plane dor orateal
areale, il onreari mireptle mirel dicappe.
I dimitar aljoet mas olmerteil bi prosctic
astonnee Loudmila Tackhanusirh In the
summer of 1260 near Nukhumi. Caucarce.
The l'Et made g en ils unrurer nurr the sea.
then healed for the mountains. The alren
nonre was, hometre, alle to are thal the ren.
tral protuding part of the dis had hote
whirh seested to le lil fron the inside.
LEO ansemenlo oie peculiar. Sonselimes
they hoer mier the raith for tons of minuter
la fight ihry can develop incredible speeds
amd acrr rations.
11 ":15 oat the pienin= of June 10, 106.
an ie oestkieto al Falita a trai al gen
phoci ite froo thie lustitute of Oil and Gas
balustry, Vidpopiad, bee Io V. Gi. Kraka.
nided a pestilial olijot uning mirone thie
«ky. It wa chapel like a onall dis.
dakbal thie Baule legan te fall amill
akinp a helical trajetr. ito palliah color
changing to bright whitelur. Then there was
• with of Hate, nill instead of the losls a
bright Hise round aho apensed. It quill!
ape-aid eat aiel metel auas.
tepeling on the viewing angle. Mine
dina fak Haltere or cigar chapel or apheri.
ral In minte rase. a lill appearo no a
oevel, lusting inle a dive helare amir
The lelirl thel l fiti air real is alan Paavo
mal be the farl that tear raipmatir obje
aie aut onhy siville to Ilee aked ete. hut
base distine inspre on plutopraphir pleio
and ae pennad ho auh inparial "il
Dete de palas sipreno.
bir Faze Major Haiduke. ont a night nija
aun alar the Oelra Regine on April t.
l'xd milied on te wreeu , ! his planee
salar a drange ohjer whitl mao al aitte!
Io ground haed radar unile. Within 15 nin.
niro the alje droppel front 31 to Il mite.
in te mest quartes of an lour to 15 miles.
and in the nevi Itt minutee to Il nike. The
180 rousinal unikutifrl.
Maneuver and P'ureult
Tle artl Lunne Seic pild chiel nasigatr
of seriet peder asiatin V'alentin Ulurde.
burilve one of his emouniez. with Ming
oli-o:
-In l'ide eneapel in alcalegir we verano
mai-ame in a Tl . I planr in the ates of Caje
iteraant, me deppsl donn dre
Mentinl to foit weatter and uttt rn
tral a aalmon Ping oof msing n ar
pitit parallel to nut enter. Ie tahed we
maule tile a lorg prarlerhe hno mith
wasa. pulsting onpre. It fart ar thongh it
was en Irrtie dinrafl el an uhann de.
ien aed ine we dia mod wanl to pinile
it ar wrat int. Ihr oh.ul..oe.oin. Ift-p wo har
frate fop fer minutre feel Iher I-lasel. the
o futil ornes reutel al rupll, it o trane air,el
and on ee potit ap ear ete diuin that
aomo untera oral. Veling nour nitel ls
ae il al ofar speelro, mp elianel esd enup
aleaptl anl legin the apper h poeren1
intaming o8 lapp el lambrama of lhe
werurs Olsen ap ohanpoul ane snure. the
usher an Ming meshir I.ll.ar-l cuis and
apol poeet at oit opon
- Wir li einste" Miph th milaan
orale aharpto altrerl ito couran, sjeil ahend
of a arl pour eill matil in disenza
changinf.
In Bi the Nouls Publiling Haue al the
Isol brasen! of frieme in acheule io
tring wut a Poek titled Popalated Outer
space, colit lụ Nademirian Prio Kanoan.
lina. Vür Persieat of the TaeB baden
Siemes, The distinguihed Sose and
farian rentrilutore inlude: trademaian.
Välar Imbartunan. Meranier Oparin.
Verander fishenei-ky. Andrei Koheporos :
Correspoding Nemers of the Ue5n Aead.
eis of trieneza Sacili Kuptesich, Neander
Netelin. Lil Shiklok!: and emment for-
rien wintisto Melin Calvin. William Pick
ering. Frank Salisbury oSN, Normian
l'irie, Iarnard Loell «Great Britaint, Hano
• Freudenthal «Netherlndas, Giurge Piccardi
•talst and inan! others.
The antheilg! will haur a opreial ertien
dealed to the I81) prodir, with contrib
tine fram Amerian arientin Joeph Hanch.
James Molonal. Juck Valley, and Frank
sali-hints, attielee lo Sotie writer
and 1
ae Mia mile in tr
Seniel of-ervation- of (10s, like thee |
rital redir, mere nol taken !ron a sleematir
odetin of informatien of thie kind: tr!
unre to nir altirt in
yeng, Thi lair • arcint- the
inclusin tha1
Haer hur leen mans surge ($1) ideetatio
in the I will. Te hae alras rolkeled wae
herre - of mellet uninted
rajaselo
¡→ o PisTil-.
In Vas l'Ae a grin
ing feo af ai
lide. the military, writers and pulir figures
ine to form an unofiri lual! whins purpere
in moedel le to contut a prein
iners arn-
lil instigatie of 1 10e. Thie prert in
dale Profeer Heinrich humif; Denter
of Nice Villai Zir and lear Be-tuthe.
! lala: chief nasicar ol Soiet polar aviation t I
Valentine Akurati: Ceneral Porfri Stul.
i pala, lomil Heino, Grotfi l per and Gropi
Zeelin: Iniee Hers of Ihe Sariel Uniun
Grip-ri Siska. Vaster of Miene tenginter.
ings: Here al the Snie Inion daen
katina Halena and atalia krait
The repairalin, wl uji Oiler 1'A, is
alled th l0 Satin af the W nim Cas
unsuta• Comitice, with hradquarters al
Ihe Crutral Houe of hiation aul Como.
nautiro in Miscon, Air Fopr Major Gonal
Pári Soian clatal chainan of
the wr tinn.
Thon of te afrisse partipating in thie
new aim eviting undeaking hase an ain.
litan progre of woh alead. Th biat atip
will lo to expani the colleton of relialte
infantie un a 11, Thet will le d'eve al
Io ould tis the exiling ap selle aif sotern
nominal natrisdcial and proyhinal ola
waari.atellitand om.pal healing
•latime anel the easter in-tollotin of cisilian
airports and the hole inriepi al weste.
Ill thao espanieatino o an mate (19) ode
-
westin with equipernt nan availsht.
In lhe drien aego sia ojusiat desiore loe
stat-greghing I 81k anl proreing the patis.
lin and mente disturhre whit the
mide la prapaneilito Pi18.
Ciur-lo lenn IMlar 'arlila?
It ermital al esatine will wese in
afrat Aspashrue. Theer lispeshrare abould
. ad. in m epinie alleme io eutain the
' ing airrea!l, Ihr! alkalo ma
en a= in
avil dire1 rentact. | 8=
Ierstlr fist of
ther ermingl intlipent alin pisco ohe
impression thal | 11h arr inricating, per
hopse ore grantileting.
Curi uls rough. the nunler of IfO ot
erration irred-ro de baro apprnobro the
Earth, Io that pure c rintlmr?
solre pergo think tha 110 hase afs
prared in the Fatte stuw-phere onhy dating
de pat tae ileere. Thie in nod the rar
The lt0 plenumon has lorn oberried
Ituupha the histors of mackind. These are
metieal aud mitirn segeps arikingh siml.
ISP In AUI!.
Aming du carlice ( 11) rejola ao ar r1
ample, mas lo the well cha invested eterse.
limo of a "large cavere" lo lit2 anil e
pun n "f lalibe" in Hl The !go
dill anai inse ligation.
The nand reuulille |$1) phraann io
Ure lanrivo 'Tungurda nindarite In pereni
tearo semiet wirelido hase eotal libral thal
the Tunguks explainn hail mer! parameter
il an air nulens lilaa. The [ANR donlen)
a/ Sicars A'pres 'inturm 1i2 Vse I and
à H'Aijo hase aulira la Merri Pestin i
peine that the Turpiki loaly reukl nd lo a
meletile al a catel.
In Ile sumner of I'X, the Joint Institute
ol borkar lerarh al l'ulea puldi-hed e
auh bọ adinir liekbala, aha rardudre
that the Tungu-ks-hlas kell considerall re-
siual radinartitito. Finally, ao aerently ao
I'Xx after analaing lir oum fital ol ehrte-
Pimo on the Tanpuski Indi'a Disht, thio
writer showd that lefre the lilaa the Tun.
puile lely devrile in de almoplere a
; tentake are af al-ut 35 mils in ratent
¡ lin arinutho, thal io rarrial nul a mancusre.
Ill thre nem rr-ulle parrand the contluinn
that Ilie Tunguh! luxl! prene In have luen
an artiforial folig arale ferno ponne ethee
planet
Shoul thia lo finall confronel lo invre
• ligalne num in proptee, the digilane oi
Br fungusko ei-e-tee knull lo inrolimalte.
Hul thia incidentall, will proar noa pralo
frins. If me ase initert tring oleliel fis
creature frum other plano. whal to cheir
purpos? Ihs are they ws doling-ls asmid
ing ane direl emiles!? lo their on-viatilit!
ire iraute el ae hiçio a fori ni eiroelguuen
that ilos otwls mo liane that Triglai juar p"
wr hich ujuin anel slinly anto? 99e is lloree alid)
He paihilit el nmm watamling sine
wo are lane in the caine I'nies and eile!
Io waime lene of naluir?
Ios, there will lo misan! quaotions. lust a!)
are in the di-tend future. Nar oule nf 1 10h
nao trad to quito dideronl con luino aud
preved mandin with quite difterent prode
Inara.
The my-etend thine nin is lar us lin dis
eand ans perinarised motio alvens 181h.
atel lo arsenire nn a el-tal mato e calm.
anati lire ael oleils mientife olehe al
this oleaner strenmnemen. Ther autjad and
aime ef the insolipatine are an arrive thal
Bloo jaotils ans a frete. Ie pire wish et oasing
chal intranetmat imperatom tonical.
