{"created_utc": "2026-08-10T10:28:07Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5173062, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/dod-ig-emails-on-luis-elizondo-a-small-puzzle-piece-revealed-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "369bb45531fc6373abc092d7e0cc3b71ab1c04f6b64107475254a17c2a7cda3c"}

INSPECTOR GENERAL
                                     DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
                                     4800 MARK CENTER DRIVE
                                  ALEXANDRIA, VIRGINIA 22350-1500


                                                                                June 28, 2022
                                                                     Ref: DODOIG-2022-000313

SENT VIA EMAIL TO: john@greenewald.com
Mr. John Greenewald
The Black Vault, Inc.
27305 W. Live Oak Road, Suite 1203
Castaic, CA 91384

Dear Mr. Greenewald:

        This responds to your Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request for all emails
(including all attachments) sent to/from (bcc’d or cc’d) eight specified DoD OIG officials which
contain the keyword “Elizondo”, from October 1, 2017, through the date of processing your
request. We received your request on January 4, 2022, and assigned it case number DODOIG-
2022-000313. By email dated March 22, 2022, you agreed to scope out all publicly available
news articles not containing commentary.

        The Mission Support Team conducted a search and located records responsive to your
request. Upon review, we determined that the attached 32 pages are appropriate for release in
part pursuant to FOIA (5 U.S.C. § 552) exemptions (b)(5), which pertains to certain inter-and
intra-agency communications protected by the deliberative process privilege; and (b)(6), which
pertains to information, the release of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of
personal privacy.

       If you consider this an adverse determination, you may submit an appeal. Your appeal, if
any, must be postmarked within 90 days of the date of this letter, clearly identify the
determination that you would like to appeal, and reference to the FOIA case number above.
Send your appeal to the Department of Defense, Office of Inspector General, ATTN: FOIA
Appellate Authority, Suite 10B24, 4800 Mark Center Drive, Alexandria, VA 22350-1500, or via
facsimile to 571-372-7498. For more information on appellate matters and administrative appeal
procedures, please refer to 32 C.F.R. Sec. 286.9(e) and 286.11(a).

        During our review, we determined that the Office of the Secretary of Defense and Joint
Staff (OSD/JS) is the release authority for documents that may be responsive to your request.
Therefore, we have referred those pages to the OSD/JS FOIA Requester Service Center,
Freedom of Information Division, 1155 Defense Pentagon, Washington, DC 20301-1155, for
processing and direct response to you. If you would like to inquire about the status of this
referral, please contact OSD/JS directly by calling 571-372-0498 or by sending an email to
whs.mc-alex.esd.mbx.osd-js-foia-requester-service-center@mail.mil. For further information,
you may also visit their website at https://www.esd.whs.mil/FOID.aspx.

        You may contact our FOIA Public Liaison at FOIAPublicLiaison@dodig.mil, or by
calling 703-604-9785, for any further assistance with your request. Additionally, you may
contact the Office of Government Information Services (OGIS) at the National Archives and
                                                                              June 28, 2022
                                                                   Ref: DODOIG-2022-000313

Records Administration to inquire about the FOIA mediation services they offer. The contact
information for OGIS is as follows: Office of Government Information Services, National
Archives and Records Administration, 8601 Adelphi Road-OGIS, College Park, MD 20740-
6001, email at ogis@nara.gov; telephone at 202-741-5770; toll free at 1-877-684-6448; or
facsimile at 202-741-5769. However, OGIS does not have the authority to mediate requests
made under the Privacy Act of 1974 (request to access one’s own records).

      If you have any questions regarding this matter, please contact Ms. Derrica Stone at 703-
604-9775 or via email at foiarequests@dodig.mil.

                                            Sincerely,


                                            Searle Slutzkin
                                            Division Chief
                                             FOIA, Privacy and Civil Liberties Office

Attachment(s):
As stated


                                               2
Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
                                                                                                                                                           1


From                               "Stone, Randolph R., SES, OIG DoD" <(b) (6)                                             @DODIG.MIL>
To                                 "(b) (6)                       , OIG DoD" (b) (6)                            @DODIG.MIL>, "(b) (6)
                                       , OIG DoD" <(b) (6)                     @DODIG.MIL>, (b) (6)                                  OIG DoD" <(b) (6)
                                                @dodig.mil>, (b) (6)                       OIG DoD" <(b) (6)                  @DODIG.MIL>, (b) (6)
                                                   , OIG DoD" (b) (6)                              @DODIG.MIL>
Cc                                 "Roark, Michael J., SES, OIG DoD" (b) (6)                                             @DODIG.MIL>
Subject                            UAP/AATIP Resignation Memo
Date                               Fri, 19 Feb 2021 22:02:06 +0000
Message-Id                         <de12eb11101e447e8cb91ebc74c255d0@DODIG.MIL>


See attached. I found this my Apple News on my IPad so I took a photo. (b) (5)

                         .
(b) (5)


Randolph R. Stone
Assistant Inspector General for Evaluations
Space, Intelligence, Engineering, and Oversight
DoD Office of the Inspector General
(b) (6)


                             .........................................................................................


Attachment Name :                  Photo 2021-02-19 16.53.23.png


                                                                                                   Generated on Jan 10, 2022 9:30:20 AM by ZL Technologies Inc.
J
                           OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY O' DEfENSE
                                            -    O!f(OjU 'IHI liGON
                                           WASHINGION . DC 2OlO1 ._


INrrWG!NCl!


      MEMORANDUM FOR: RECORD

      SUBJECT: l.ener of Resiptalion &: Differed Retirement
      Mr. Secretary:

        It has ~ my sincere ~nor and pleasure to have served willi some of America's            fi_.-
     and women .10 both peaee !lme and in war. For over 22 years. I have been blessed 10 lam fiom,
     and work WIlli worlck:lass leadership, you ccrtainJy being among the vert bcsL

         Willi thai in mind, bureauc:ratic challenges and inflexible mindsclS continue to pJa&ue Ibc
     Department at all levels. This is particularly true regarding lIIe eontroversiallopie of anomalous
     aerospace threats. Despite overwhelming evidence ot bolll the unclassified and classified levels,
     certain individuals in the Department remain staunchly opposed to further rcscarc:h on what could
     be 8 IacticaJ threat to Our pilots, sailors, and soldiers, and perhaps even an exislc:ntiallhrcat 10 our
    national security. In many instances, then: seems to be a direct correlation the pheooDICDI exhibits
    with respect to our nuclear and military capabilities. The Department must lake serious Ibc IIIIDY
    accounts by the Navy and other Serviees of unusual aerial systems interfering with military
    weapon platforms and displaying beyond next gCncnltion capabilities. Underestimating or
    ignoring these: potential threats is not in the best interest oflhe Department no matter Ibc lco.·cl of
    political contention. There remains a vital need to ascertain capability and intc:nt of these
    phenomena for the benefit of the anncd forces and the nation.

          For this reason, effective 4 October 2011, I humbly submit my resignation in hopes it wiU
    encourage you to ask lIIe bard questions: "who else ~ows1·:. what arc ~~ir capabilities'/", and
    "why aren't we spending more time and elTon on the Issuer. As 1 tnIIISl!lon t~ II new cMpler of
    my life. please know it bas been an honor and privilegc of II lifetime to serv WI~ you. Rest
    '''''II'e, no mailer where the path oflifc may lead me, I will always have the best mterest oflhc
    DepalUUCDt and the American people lIS my guiding principle.
                                                                        /'/
                                                                          ",.
                                                                                            •


                                                          Luis O. Elizoado
                                                          DUecIor
                                                          N8tioaa1 ProIPIIDt Special MarV'··
                                                                                                                                 1


From                            "(b) (6)          ., OIG DoD" <(b) (6)        @DODIG.MIL>
To                              "Stebbins, Steven A., SES, OIG DoD" <(b) (6)                     @DODIG.MIL>, "(b) (6)
                                   , OIG DoD" <(b) (6)           @DODIG.MIL>
Cc                              "Zola, Michael C., OIG DoD" <(b) (6)         @DODIG.MIL>, "(b) (6)                                OIG DoD"
                                (b) (6)         @DODIG.MIL>, "(b) (6)                   OIG DoD" <(b) (6)                     @DODIG.MIL>
Subject                         News of Interest: How the Pentagon Started Taking U.F.O.s Seriously | The New Yorker
Date                            Mon, 3 May 2021 14:44:22 +0000
Message-Id                      <de2709bde2e1481992f5f4ee76ecb05c@DODIG.MIL>


Good Morning Gentlemen,
Per our conversation at the OLAC Weekly, please see the below article link and excerpts from the New Yorker
coverage on UAP's.
Very Respectfully,
(b) (6)


 Office of Legislative Affairs and Communications
 DoD Office of Inspector General
 O: (b) (6)
 C: (b) (6)
(b) (6)      @dodig.mil
 Connect with us @dod_ig and LinkedIn at DoD Inspector General
 http://www.dodig.mil/Mailing-Lists/


From: (b) (6)           ., OIG DoD
Sent: Sunday, May 2, 2021 12:12 PM
To: Roark, Michael J., SES, OIG DoD <(b) (6)              @DODIG.MIL>; Stone, Randolph R., SES, OIG DoD
<(b) (6)            @DODIG.MIL>; (b) (6)                  OIG DoD <(b) (6)         @dodig.mil>
Cc: Zola, Michael C., OIG DoD <(b) (6)           @DODIG.MIL>; (b) (6)              OIG DoD
<(b) (6)        @DODIG.MIL>
Subject: News of Interest: How the Pentagon Started Taking U.F.O.s Seriously | The New Yorker
Good Afternoon Gentlemen,
I hope you're enjoying your weekend.
Please see the below article from the New Yorker and highlighted excerpts, ahead of the upcoming UAP
announcement.
https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2021/05/10/how-the-pentagon-started-taking-ufos-seriously
How the Pentagon Started Taking U.F.O.s Seriously
On May 9, 2001, Steven M. Greer took the lectern at the National Press Club, in Washington, D.C., in pursuit
of the truth about unidentified flying objects. Greer, an emergency-room physician in Virginia and an outspoken
ufologist, believed that the government had long withheld from the American people its familiarity with
alien visitations. He had founded the Disclosure Project in 1993 in an attempt to penetrate the sanctums of
conspiracy. Greer's reckoning that day featured some twenty speakers. He provided, in support of his claims,
a four-hundred-and-ninety-two-page dossier called the "Disclosure Project Briefing Document." For public
officials too busy to absorb such a vast tract of suppressed knowledge, Greer had prepared a ninety-five-page
"Executive Summary of the Disclosure Project Briefing Document." After some throat-clearing, the "Executive
Summary" began with "A Brief Summary," which included a series of bullet points outlining what amounted to
the greatest secret in human history.
Over several decades, according to Greer, untold numbers of alien craft had been observed in our planet's
airspace; they were able to reach extreme velocities with no vis ble means of lift or propulsion, and to perform
stunning maneuvers at g-forces that would turn a human pilot to soup. Some of these extraterrestrial spaceships
had been "downed, retrieved and studied since at least the 1940s and poss bly as early as the 1930s." Efforts
to reverse engineer such extraordinary machines had led to "significant technological breakthroughs in energy
generation." These operations had mostly been classified as "cosmic top secret," a tier of clearance "thirty-eight
levels" above that typically granted to the Commander-in-Chief. Why, Greer asked, had such transformative

                                                                         Generated on Jan 10, 2022 9:30:22 AM by ZL Technologies Inc.
                                                                                                                                    2


technologies been hidden for so long? This was obvious. The "social, economic and geo-political order of the
world" was at stake.
Greer's "Executive Summary" was woolly, but discerning readers could find within it answers to many of
the most frequently asked questions about U.F.O.s-assuming, as Greer did, that U.F.O.s are helmed by
extraterrestrials. Why are they so elusive? Because the aliens are monitoring us. Why? Because they are
discomfited by our aspiration to "weaponize space." Have we shot at them? Yes. Should we shoot at them? No.
Really? Yes. Why not? They're friendly. How do we know? "Obviously, any civilization capable of routine inters
tellar travel could terminate our civilization in a nanosecond, if that was their intent. That we are still breathing
the free air of Earth is abundant testimony to the non-hostile nature of these ET civilizations." (One obvious
question seems not to have occurred to Greer: Why, if these spacecraft are so advanced, do they allegedly
crash all the time?)
At the press conference, Greer appeared in thin-framed glasses, a baggy, funereal suit, and a red tie askew in
a starched collar. "I know many in the media would like to talk about 'little green men,' " he said. "But, in reality,
the subject is laughed at because it is so serious. I have had grown men weep, who are in the Pentagon, who
are members of Congress, and who have said to me, 'What are we going to do?' Here is what we will do. We
will see that this matter is properly disclosed."
Kean's book, which was praised by the theoretical physicist Michio Kaku as "the gold standard for U.F.O.
research," and to which John Podesta had contributed a foreword, enhanced and expanded her influence. In
June of 2011, Podesta invited Kean to make a confidential presentation at a think tank he founded, the Center
for American Progress. Standing alongside a physicist from Johns Hopkins University and foreign military
figures, Kean advised the audience-officials from nasa, the Pentagon, and the Department of Transportation,
along with congressional staff and retired intelligence officials-that the challenge was "to undo fifty years of
reinforcement of U.A.P. as folklore and pseudoscience."
Podesta told me, "It wasn't a bunch of people coming in looking like they were going to a 'Star Wars'-
memorabilia convention-it was serious people from the national-security arena who wanted answers to these
unexplained phenomena." Soon after the event, he said, a Democratic senator invited him for a meeting. "I
thought it was going to be on food stamps and tax cuts or whatever, and the door closed and they said, 'I don't
want anybody to know this, but I'm really interested in U.F.O.s, and I know you are, too. So what do you know?'
Reid reached out to Senator Ted Stevens, of Alaska, who believed he'd seen a U.F.O. as a pilot in the Second
World War, and Senator Daniel Inouye, of Hawaii. In the 2008 Supplemental Appropriations Bill, twenty-two
million dollars of so-called black money was set aside for a new program. The Pentagon was not enthusiastic.
As one former intelligence official put it, "There were some government officials who said, 'We shouldn't be
doing this, this is really ridiculous, this is a waste of money.' " He went on, "And then Reid would call them out
of a meeting and say, 'I want you to be doing this. This was appropriated.' It was sort of like a joke that bordered
on an annoyance and people worried that if this all came out, that the government was spending money on this,
this will be a bad story." The Advanced Aerospace Weapon System Applications Program was announced in a
public solicitation for bids to examine the future of warfare. U.F.O.s were not mentioned, but according to Reid
the subtext was clear. Bigelow Aerospace Advanced Space Studies, or baass, a Bigelow Aerospace subsidiary,
was the only bidder. When Bigelow won the government contract, he contacted the same cohort of paranor
mal investigators he'd worked with at his institute. Other participants were recruited from within the Pentagon's
ranks. In 2008, Luis Elizondo, a longtime counterintelligence officer working in the Office of the Undersecreta
ry of Defense for Intelligence and Security, was visited by two people who asked him what he thought about
U.F.O.s. He replied that he didn't think about them, which was apparently the correct answer, and he was asked
to join.
Within a month of the Times article's publication, the Pentagon's U.A.P. portfolio was reassigned to a civilian
intelligence official with a rank equivalent to that of a two-star general. This successor-who did not want to be
named, lest U.F.O. nuts swarm his doorstep-had read Kean's book. He channeled the cascade of media interest
to argue that, without a process to handle uncategorizable observations, rigid bureaucracies would overlook
anything that didn't follow a standard pattern. At the height of the Cold War, the government had worried that the
noise of lurid phantasmagoria might drown out signals relevant to national security, or even provide cover for
adversarial incursions; now, it seemed, the concern was that valuable intelligence wasn't being reported. (The
Nimitz encounter didn't become subject to official investigation until years after the incident, when an errant file
landed on the desk of someone who decided that it merited pursuit.) "What we needed," the former Pentagon
official said, "was something like the post-9/11 fusion centers, where a D.O.D. guy can talk to an F.B.I. guy and
an N.R.O. guy-everything we learned from the 9/11 Commission."
The mysteries have shown no signs of abatement. In early April, the eminent U.F.O. journalist George Knapp,
along with the documentary filmmaker Jeremy Kenyon Lockyer Corbell, best known for his participation in an
ill-begotten crusade to "storm" Nevada's Area 51, released a video and a series of photos that had apparently

                                                                            Generated on Jan 10, 2022 9:30:22 AM by ZL Technologies Inc.
                                                                                                                                  3


been leaked from the U.A.P. Task Force's classified intelligence reports. The video, taken with night-vision
goggles, shows three airborne triangles, intermittently flashing with eerie incandescence as they rotate against a
starry sky. Kean texted me, "Breaking huge story." She was trying to get to the bottom of the video, but doubted
that any of her sources would be willing to authenticate something so hot. The next day, the Department of
Defense confirmed that the video was real and said that it had been taken by Navy personnel. Mick West
argued, persuasively, that the pyramids were an airplane and two stars, distorted by a lens artifact. Kean, for
her part, told me that she was "only just starting to look into the situation," but volunteered that West was "being
reasonable." The Pentagon refused further comment.
The government may or may not care about the resolution of the U.F.O. enigma. But, in throwing up its hands
and granting that there are things it simply cannot figure out, it has relaxed its grip on the taboo. For many, this
has been a comfort. In March, I spoke with a lieutenant colonel in the Air Force who said that about a decade
ago, during combat, he had an extended encounter with a U.F.O., one that registered on two of his plane's
sensors. For all the usual reasons, he had never officially reported the sighting, but every once in a while he'd
bring a close friend into his confidence over a beer. He did not want to be named. "Why am I telling you this
story?" he asked. "I guess I just want this data out there-hopefully this helps somebody else somehow."


###


Very Respectfully,
(b) (6)


 Office of Legislative Affairs and Communications
 DoD Office of Inspector General
 O: (b) (6)
 C: (b) (6)
(b) (6)      @dodig.mil
 Connect with us @dod_ig and LinkedIn at DoD Inspector General
 http://www.dodig.mil/Mailing-Lists/


                                                                          Generated on Jan 10, 2022 9:30:22 AM by ZL Technologies Inc.
                                                                                                                         1


F,~
                                            i~'.!'!•••• O
                                                        !G1lo!~·~'llIIilllIIII.
To                                          "Ganison, Marguerite C .• SES, OIG 000"
Subject                                     RE : UFOs regularly spotted in restJicled U.S. airspace, report on the phenomena due next
                                            ~~

Dale                                        Mon, 11 May 2021 11:07:50 +()()()()
Message-Id                                  <1b59b771d763489aaI4a42c77374b6b3@DOOIG _MIL>


Good morning, Ma'am.
According to the article, the 000 stood up a task force some bme ago (not
sure who was given the responsibility of reporting}- it seems like their
report is well underway and will certainly be done and reported to Congress


-
before our wort is completed.
""'I,

- Original Message-
From: Garrison, Marguerite C o. SES , OIG DoD              f. '                   @DODIG_MIL>
Sent: Monday, May 17, 20216:42 AM
To:'.                      OIG 000      i' "              @DODIG_MIL>
Subject: RE: UFOs regularly spotted in restricted U.s. airspace, report on
the phenomena due next month
Thanks _         . 1watched it I wonder who, in the Dept, is doing the
report as I'm sure that Mr. Stone's crew is just getting started_
Marguelite C. Garrison
Deputy Inspector General

I~ Ad.m~i~"~",'~ti,~e~!"~,~e '~"i-gations
SUite ~
4800 Mal1c. Center Drive
~",,""~ VA 22350


cOAlaiRell iA this email aAlI aAY aCCOml*lAyiR!I aftaci'lmeRts may EOAlaiA
seAsilive iRfOFmatioA wh ich is pretecteEl fFem maAElatef)' Elisclosure lIREler the
FreeElom of IRformalioR Acl (FOIA), 6 U.S.G. 652. This email messa!le,
iRcluEliR!I aRY attaci'lmeRts, is for the sale use of the iRleREleEl recipieAl(s)
aAEI $hOllIEl Rot be releaseEl 10 uAau'JlOAzeElperS<)As. If you are Ael the
iRteAEleEl recipieAt please cORlacl the seAEler by email aREI Elestroy all
copies of the oA!liRal mll"'JSa!le aREI attachmeRts.
CORlrelieElby: OeD DIG
CORlrelieElby: AElmiRislFati'o'e IRvesti!latioAS
CUI Category: Law EAforoomeAl
Dislf bution'DissemiRatioA GORlrels: FEOGON
POG: Ma~ueAte G. GamseR tQ, t'


phenomena due next month
Good morning, all.
                                                                                                                            2


ICYMI, 60 minutes aired a segment last evening on UAP's that has spurred
concern and interest by Congress and the DoD.
The segment is about 14 minutes long and may viewed on Chrome
here,https://www.cbsnews.com/news/ufo-military-intelligence-60-minutes-2021-
05-16/
[Transcript]
We have tackled many strange stories on 60 Minutes, but perhaps none l ke
this. It's the story of the U.S. government's grudging acknowledgment of
unidentified aerial phenomena- UAP-more commonly known as UFOs. After
decades of public denial the Pentagon now admits there's something out
there, and the U.S. Senate wants to know what it is. The intelligence
committee has ordered the director of national intelligence and the
secretary of defense to deliver a report on the mysterious sightings by next
month.
Bill Whitaker: So what you are telling me is that UFOs, unidentified flying
objects, are real?
Lue Elizondo: Bill, I think we're beyond that already. The government has
already stated for the record that they're real. I'm not telling you that.
The United States government is telling you that.
Luis Elizondo spent 20 years running military intelligence operations
worldwide: in Afghanistan, the Middle East and Guantanamo. He hadn't given
UFOs a second thought until 2008. That's when he was asked to join something
at the Pentagon called the Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program,
or "AATIP."
Lue Elizondo: The mission of AATIP was quite simple. It was to collect and
analyze information involving anomalous aerial vehicles, what I guess in the
vernacular you call them UFOs. We call them UAPs.
Bill Whitaker: You know how this sounds? It sounds nutty, wacky.
Lue Elizondo: Look, Bill, I'm not, I'm not telling you that, that it doesn't
sound wacky. What I'm telling you, it's real. The question is, what is it?
What are its intentions? What are its capabilities?
Buried away in the Pentagon, AATIP was part of a $22 million program
sponsored by then-Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to investigate UFOs.
When Elizondo took over in 2010 he focused on the national security
implications of unidentified aerial phenomena documented by U.S. service
members.
Lue Elizondo: Imagine a technology that can do 6-to-700 g-forces, that can
fly at 13,000 miles an hour, that can evade radar and that can fly through
air and water and possibly space. And oh, by the way, has no obvious signs
of propulsion, no wings, no control surfaces and yet still can defy the
natural effects of Earth's gravity. That's precisely what we're seeing.
Elizondo tells us AATIP was a loose-knit mix of scientists, electro-optical
engineers, avionics and intelligence experts, often working part time. They
combed through data and records, and analyzed videos l ke this.
A Navy aircrew struggles to lock onto a fast-moving object off the U.S.
Atlantic Coast in 2015.
Recently released images may not convince ufo skeptics, but the pentagon
admits it doesn't know what in the world this is or this or this.
Bill Whitaker: So what do you say to the skeptics? It's refracted light.
Weather balloons. A rocket being launched. Venus.
Lue Elizondo: In some cases there are simple explanations for what people
are witnessing. But there are some that, that are not. We're not just simply
jumping to a conclusion that's saying, "Oh, that's a UAP out there." We're
going through our due diligence. Is it some sort of new type of cruise
missile technology that China has developed? Is it some sort of
high-altitude balloon that's conducting reconnaissance? Ultimately when you
have exhausted all those what ifs and you're still left with the fact that
this is in our airspace and it's real, that's when it becomes compelling,

                                                                    Generated on Jan 10, 2022 9:30:25 AM by ZL Technologies Inc.
                                                                                                                           3


and that's when it becomes problematic.
Former Navy pilot Lieutenant Ryan Graves calls whatever is out there a
security risk. He told us his F/A-18F squadron began seeing UAPs hovering
over restricted airspace southeast of Virginia Beach in 2014 when they
updated their jet's radar, making it possible to zero in with infrared
targeting cameras.
Bill Whitaker: So you're seeing it both with the radar and with the
infrared. And that tells you that there is something out there?
Ryan Graves: Pretty hard to spoof that.
These photographs were taken in 2019 in the same area. The Pentagon confirms
these are images of objects it can't identify. Lieutenant Graves told us
pilots training off the Atlantic Coast see things like that all the time.
Ryan Graves: Every day. Every day for at least a couple years.
Bill Whitaker: Wait a minute, every day for a couple of years?
Ryan Graves: Uh-huh.
Ryan Graves: I don't see an exhaust plume.
Bill Whitaker: You can sorta hear the surprise in their voices.
Ryan Graves: You certainly can. They seem to have broke character a bit and
were just kind of amazed at what they were seeing.
Bill Whitaker: What do you think when you see something l ke this?
Ryan Graves: This is a difficult one to explain. You have rotation, you have
high altitudes. You have propulsion, right? I don't know. I don't know what
it is, frankly.
He told us pilots speculate they are one of three things: secret U.S.
technology, an adversary's spy vehicle, or something otherworldly.
Ryan Graves: I would say, you know, the highest probability is it's a threat
observation program.
Bill Whitaker: Could it be Russian or Chinese technology?
Ryan Graves: I don't see why not.
Bill Whitaker: Are you alarmed?
Ryan Graves: I am worried, frankly. You know, if these were tactical jets
from another country that were hangin' out up there, it would be a massive
issue. But because it looks slightly different, we're not willing to
actually look at the problem in the face. We're happy to just ignore the
fact that these are out there, watching us every day.
The government has ignored it - at least publicly - since closing its
project "Blue Book" investigation in 1969. But that began to change after an
incident off Southern California in 2004, which was documented by radar, by
camera, and four naval aviators. We spoke to two of them: David Fravor, a
graduate of the Top Gun naval flight school and commander of the F/A-18F
squadron on the USS Nimitz; and flying at his wing, Lieutenant Alex
Dietrich, who has never spoken publicly about the encounter.
Alex Dietrich: I never wanted to be on national TV, no offense.
Bill Whitaker: So why are you doing this?
Alex Dietrich: Because I was in a government aircraft, because I was on the
clock. And so I feel a respons bility to s-- to share what I can. And it is
unclassified.
It was November 2004 and the USS Nimitz carrier strike group was training
about 100 miles southwest of San Diego. For a week, the advanced new radar
on a nearby ship, the USS Princeton, had detected what operators called
"multiple anomalous aerial vehicles" over the horizon, descending 80,000
feet in less than a second. On November 14, Fravor and Dietrich, each with a
weapons systems officer in the backseat, were diverted to investigate. They
found an area of roiling whitewater the size of a 737 in an otherwise calm,
blue sea.
Dave Fravor: So as we're looking at this, her back-seater says, "Hey,
Skipper, do you..." And about that got out, I said, "Dude, do you, do you
see that thing down there?" And we saw this little white Tic Tac-looking

                                                                   Generated on Jan 10, 2022 9:30:25 AM by ZL Technologies Inc.
                                                                                                                             4


object. And it's just kind of moving above the whitewater area.
As Deitrich circled above - Fravor went in for a closer look.
Bill Whitaker: So you're sort of spiraling down?
Dave Fravor: Yep. The Tic Tac's still pointing north-south, it goes, click,
and just turns abruptly. And starts mirroring me. So as I'm coming down, it
starts coming up.
Bill Whitaker: So it's mimicking your moves?
Dave Fravor: Yeah, it was aware we were there.
He said it was about the size of his F/A-18F, with no markings, no wings, no
exhaust plumes.
Dave Fravor: I want to see how close I can get. So I go like this. And it's
climbing still. And when it gets right in front of me, it just disappears.
Bill Whitaker: Disappears?
Dave Fravor: Disappears. Like, gone.
It had sped off.
Bill Whitaker: What are you thinking?
Alex Dietrich: So your mind tries to make sense of it. I'm gonna categorize
this as maybe a helicopter or maybe a drone. And when it disappeared. I mean
it was just.
Bill Whitaker: Did your back-seaters see this too?
Alex Dietrich: Yeah.
Dave Fravor: Oh yeah. There was four of us in the airplanes literally
watching this thing for roughly about five minutes.
Seconds later, the Princeton reacquired the target. 60 miles away. Another
crew managed to briefly lock onto it with a targeting camera before it
zipped off again.
Alex Dietrich: You know, I think that over beers, we've sort of said, "Hey
man, if I saw this solo, I don't know that I would have come back and said
anything," because it sounds so crazy when I say it.
Bill Whitaker: You understand that reaction?
Dave Fravor: I do. I've had some people tell me, you know, "When you say
that, you can sound crazy." I'll be hon-- I'm not a UFO guy.
Bill Whitaker: But from what I hear you guys saying, there's something?
Alex Dietrich: Yes.
Dave Fravor: Oh there's, there's definitely something that. I don't know
who's building it, who's got the technology, who's got the brains. But
there's, there's something out there that was better than our airplane.
The aircrew filed reports. Then l ke the mysterious flying object, the
Nimitz encounter disappeared. Nothing was said or done officially for five
years, until Lue Elizondo came across the story and investigated.
Lue Elizondo: We spend millions of dollars in training these pilots. And
they are seeing something that they can't explain. Furthermore, that
informations being backed up on electro optical data, like gun camera
footage. And by radar data. Now, to me, that's compelling.
Inside the Pentagon his findings were met with skepticism. AATIP's funding
was eliminated in 2012, but Elizondo says he and a handful of others kept
the mission alive until finally, frustrated, he quit the Pentagon in 2017,
but not before getting these three videos declassified and then things took
a stranger turn.
Chris Mellon: I tried to help my colleague, Lue Elizondo, elevate the issue
in the department and actually get it to the Secretary of Defense.
Christopher Mellon served as deputy assistant secretary of defense for
intelligence for Presidents Clinton and George W. Bush and had access to top
secret government programs.
Chris Mellon: So it's not us, that's one thing we know.
Bill Whitaker: We know that?
Chris Mellon: I can say that with a very high degree of confidence in part
because of the positions I held in the department, and I know the process.

                                                                     Generated on Jan 10, 2022 9:30:25 AM by ZL Technologies Inc.
                                                                                5


Mellon says he grew concerned nothing was being done about UAPs, so he
decided to do something. In 2017, as a private citizen, he surreptitiously
acquired the three Navy videos Elizondo had declassified and leaked them to
the New yonc. Times _
Chris Mellon: Irs bizarre and unfortunate that someone I ke myself has to
do something like that to get a national security issue I ke this on the
agenda.
He joined forces with now civilian lue Elizondo and they started to tell
their story to anybody who would listen: to newspapers, the History Channel ,
to members of Congress_
Chris Mellon: We knew and understood thai you had to go to the public, get
the public interested to get Congress interested, to then d rde back to the
Defense Department and get them to start taking a look at it
And now it is_ This past August the Pentagon resurrected AAT1P, irs flOW
called the UAP task lorce; selVice members now are encouraged to report
strange encounters; and the Senate wants answers_
Marco Rubio: Anything thai enters an airspace that's not supposed to be
there is a threat
After receiving classified briefings on UAPs , Senator Marco Rubio called for
a detailed analysis_This past December, while he was still head of the
intelligence committee , he asked the director of national intelligence and
the Pentagon to present Congress an unclassified report by next month _
Bill Whitaker: This is a bizarre issue_The Pentagon and other branches of
the military have a long history of sort of dismissing this _What makes you
think that this time's gonna be different?
Marco Rubio: We're gonna find out when we get that report _You know, there's
a stigma on Ca pitol Hill. I mean, some of my colleagues are very interested
in this to pic and some kinda, you know, giggle when you bring it up _But I
don1 think we can allow the stigma to keep us from having an answer to a
very fundamental question _
Bill Whitaker: What do you want us to do about this?
Marco Rubio: I want us to take it seriously and have a process to take it
seriously_I want us to have a process to analyze the data every time it
comes in _Thai there be a place where this is cataloged and constantly
analyzed, until we get some answers_ Maybe it has a very simple answer_
Maybe it doesn1.


                           and Communications


              us@do<Ug and Linkedln at DoD Inspector General
http://w.Nw_dodig_miUMailing-Lists/


Attachment Name :               smime _p7s
                                                                                                           1


F,~                            · Stone, Randolph R , SES, 0'"   ooo"l i
To                             "Ganison, Marguerite C .• SES, OIG
Subject                        RE: [Non-DoD Source] Ex-Official who revealed UFO project accuses Pentagon of
                               'disinformation' campaign
Dale                           Thu , 27 May 2021 15:06:25 +0000
Message-Id                     <46OeOeb6ee2442d5b713Of1b583491a7@DODIG _MIL>


Enjoy!
Randolph R Stone
Assistant Inspector General lor Eva luations
Space, Intelligence, Engineering, and Oversight
DoD Office of the Inspector General


From: Garrison, Marguerite C o. SES , DIG
Sent: Thursday. May 21, 2021 11:06 AM
To: Stone, Rando lph R , SES, D IG DoD
Subject: RE: (Non-DoD Source] E,~offi,,,
campaign
Good weather today but then rain and cooler temps tomorrow. It the change of scenery will be good!
Sent with 8lackBeny WorK
(WYffl_blackberry_com)
From: Stone, Randolph R , SES, O IG 000
!!!~'~@DODIG_MIL»
Dale: Thursday. May 27, 2021, 11:04 AM
                        C o. SES, OIG DoD    1$                   @OOOIG.MIL<mai

                       Source] Ex-Offidal who revea led UFO project accuses Pentagon of 'disinformation'
campaign
Sounds awesome I'm jealous!!
Randolph R Stone
Assistant Inspector General lor Eva luations
Space, Intelligence, Engineering, and Oversight
DoD Office 01 the Inspector General


From: Garrison, Marguerite C ., SES , OIG
Sent: Thursday, May 21, 2021 11:04 AM

                                                           ~;;~~::;,~:;;~~ P,mt""m '0' 'disinlormation'
To: Stone, Randolph R , SES, OIG DoD
Subject: RE: (Non-DoD Source] E,~offi,,,

campa·"'."iI• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • . This week was a busy three days!
Roger...
Margie
Sent with BlackBeny WorK
(WYffl.blackberry.com)
From: Stone, Randolph R , SES, O IG DoD     iilwli·• • • •
                                                  @DODIG.MIL<mailto .
                  I
               , May 21, 2021, 10:51 AM
To: Garrison, Marguerite C ., SES, OIG DoD
Ito                    @DODIG.MIL»
Subject: RE: (Non-DoD Source] Ex-Olfidal who revea led UFO project accuses Pentagon ol 'disinformation'
campaign
                                                                                                              2


                                 _Keep me in the loop and I will do the same. When you get back from vacation

Randolph R Stone
Assistant Inspector General lor Evaluations
Space, Intelligence, Engineering, and Oversight
DoD Office of the Inspector General


From: Garrison, Marguerite C o. SES , DIG DoD
Sent: Thursday. May 21,2021 10:54 AM
To: Stone, Randolph R, SES, D IG DoD
Subject: RE: (Non-DoD Source] E,~offi,,,


(WYffl.blackberry.com)
From: Stone, Randolph R , SES, D IG 000     iilwli·• • • • @DODIG.MIL<mailto .
                   I
               • May 21, 2021 , 10:24 AM
To: Garrison, Marguerite C .• SES, D IG DoD
Ito                    @DODIG_MIL»
Subject: RE: (Non-DoD Source] Ex-Offidal who revealed UFO project accuses Pentagon ol 'disinformation'


Assistant Inspector General lor Evaluations
Space, Intelligence, Engineering, and Oversight
DoD Office of the Inspector General

'm
From: Stone, Randolph R , SES, D IG 000

Sent: Thursday. May 27, 2021 1O'E2~3~A~M:~~!!!!
To: GalTison, Marguelite C , SES, D IG DoD
Subject: FW: [Non-DoD Source]                                        accuses Pentagon of 'disinIOfTTlation'


Randolph R Stone
Assistant Inspector General lor Evaluations
Space, Intelligence, Engineering, and Oversight
DoD Office 01 the Inspector General

'm
From:' . '            OIG DoD 11~'~!!!!!I
Sent: Wednesday, May 26, 202 1 9:19 PM
                                           ••     @DODIG_MIL>

   (),[loo""'" Sean W_ , HON , OIG DoD
                        I    I
                                                        @dod"",,,"    I••I~,~:~:'~~. ~S:,:E.~S.,   O IG DoD
                                                                                                                  3


Subject: FW: [Non-DoD Source] Ex-OfflCial who revealed UFO project accuses Pentagon of 'disinIOfTTlation'
campaign
Al"


-
FYSA.
V,

S ent with 8lackBeny WorK
(WYffl_blackberry_com)
From:


                                                                                       of 'disinformatioo'
campaign


[Image removed by sender. POliTICO Pro)


Ex-Official who revealed UFO project accuses Pentagon of 'disinformation' campaign
By Bryan Bender I 05l26J2021 08:09 PM EDT
[Image removed by sendeLJA day after lue Elizondo filed his complaint, the agency&#J9;s inspector general
announced a probe into Pentagon "actions" on UFOs. I Charles Dharapak, FileJAP
The Ironer Pentagon official who went public about reports of UFOs has filed a complaint with the agency's
inspector general claiming a coordinated campaign to discredit him for speaking out - including accusing a top
official of threatening to lell people he was "crazy," according to documents reviewed by POLITICO.
Lue Elizondo, a career counterintelligence specialist who was assigned in 2008 to work for a Pentagon program
that investigated reports 01 "unmanned aOOal phenomenon," filed the 64-page complaint to the independent
watchdog on May 3 and has met several times with investigators, according to his legal team .
The claim that the government is trying to discredit him comes weeks belore the director 01 national intelligence
and the Pentagon are expected to deliver an unclassified report to Congress about UFOs and the government's
strategy lor investigating such encounters. The report is expected to include a detailed accounting 01the
agencies, personnel and surveillance systems that gather and analyze the data.
"What he is saying is there are certain individuals in the Delense Department who in l act were attacking him and
lying about him publicly, using the color 01 authority 01 their offices to disparage him and discredit him and were
interfering in his ability to seek and obtain gainful employment out in the world ," said Daniel Sheehan, Elizondo's
attorney. "And also threatening his security clearance "
Sheehan, a public interest lawyer and activist, has a long history <https:llchristicinstitute.org/docs/
DanieISheehan_CVpdl?source=email> 01 taking on the l ederal government on behalf 01 high-profile dients,
including delending the New York Times in the Pentagon Papers case as well as one 01 the Watergate burglars.
He is also widely viewed as a provocateur who has an abiding interest in UFOs and has spoken pu blicly<https:fI
www.amazon.comIClose-Encounters-Fiflh--Kind-Contact/dpIB086D4D3V6?source=ernail> about alien
visitations. He also served as counsellor the Disclosure Project, led by ufologist Steven Greer, that has sought
to lorce more government transparency on UFOs.
When asked for comment, Elizondo referred questions to Sheehan.
Sheehan maintains the goal of Efizondo's IG complaint is much bigger than dearing his name: He wants to
compel the Pentagon to dear up all the ambiguity about what it knows about UFOs.
"Nobody seemed to be taking this thing senously," Sheehan said of Elizondo's concerns when he left the
Pentagon in 2017. "The different units and different groups that are responsible for responding to this particular
phenomenon ... they're not brleling each other on this"
"The old dodge," Sheehan says, "is 'oh well, the real problem was that one shop wasn1 communicating with the
other shop.' That's the classic bureaucratic dodge. I'm trying to get the Defense Department to darily for the
public and media what exactly is the cartography inside the Defense Department for dealing with this particular
phenomenon. "
A spokesperson for the Defense Department IG's office declined to comment on the status of Elizondo's
complaint. "' cannot speculate or deliberate about complaints that our office may have received ," said Dwrena
Allen. "I certainly cannot confilTTl or deny the existence of an investigation to the same."
But a day after Elizondo filed his complaint, the IG announced a probe <https:/!wv.w.politico.coml
newsl2021/05I04/pentagon-inspector--general-m ilitary-ul0--485356?source=ema il> into Pentagon "actions" on
                                                                                                                                  4


UFOs, which is being undertaken by the assistant inspector general for evaluations on space, intelligence,
engineering and oversight.
"We may revise the objective as the evaluation proceeds, and we will consider suggestions from management
for additional or revised objectives," stated the IG's memo announcing that probe.
It remains unclear whether Elizondo's claims will be found to merit an official investigation, but his legal team
says he is scheduled to meet again with investigators from the IG next month.
Elizondo has become a minor celebrity since he retired from the Pentagon in October 2017 and went public
about the Advanced Aerial Threat Identification Program, or AATIP, a secret Pentagon effort that was initiated in
2008 by then-Sen. Harry Reid. POLITICO and the New York Times revealed the existence of the office <https://
www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/12/16/pentagon-ufo-search-harry-reid-216111?source=email> and
Elizondo's role in it in December 2017.
Elizondo complained at the time that his Pentagon bosses were failing to take seriously numerous intrusions
into military airspace by high-performance aircraft of unknown origin.
"It was during this time I grew increasingly frustrated by the lack of resources and interest by senior leadership,"
he states in the IG complaint. "UAP reporting to our office was increasing, yet our resources were minimal, and
leadership involvement was almost non-existent.
"After increased frustration, " he added, "I became alarmed by the frequency and duration of UAP activity in and
around controlled U.S. airspace. The instances seemed more provocative, and during one instance, they came
within feet of a U.S. fighter aircraft."
After he retired from government service, Elizondo also shared with the media a trio of Navy videos<https://
www.youtube.com/watch?v=rO_M0hLlJ-Q&source=email> he got declassified before he left government
service.
He claims he has since endured a coordinated effort to malign his reputation, including Pentagon press
statements asserting he had no official role in UFO research, even after his role was officially confirmed. He
also alleges a personal vendetta from a Pentagon rival he claims has sought repeatedly to damage his career,
including trying to have him investigated for releasing the video after he had been cleared of any wrongdoing.
Elizondo charges "malicious activities, coordinated disinformation, professional misconduct, whistleblower
reprisal and explicit threats perpetrated by certain senior-level Pentagon officials," according to the complaint,
which includes dozens of supporting documents.
POLITICO is declining to publish the names of the Pentagon officials who are cited in the IG complaint because
it is unclear whether they are being investigated.
But Elizondo told the IG he has evidence, in the form of emails, documents and the public record, "which
suggests a coordinated effort to obfuscate the truth from the American people while impugning my reputation as
a former intelligence officer at the Pentagon."
"These negative actions against me have resulted in great personal and professional challenges to me and my
family," he adds in the complaint.
In recounting one episode in the days after he left government service, Elizondo claims a senior official warned
him that he would "tell people you are crazy, and it might impact your security clearance."
"I responded ... by telling him that he can take any action he thinks is prudently necessary, but that I was not
mentally impaired, nor have I ever violated my security oath," Elizondo wrote in the complaint, saying he did not
 meet with the official again "after our discussion as I feared he would take retr bution against me."
The IG complaint also charges that the Pentagon's press operation has engaged in a disinformation campaign
to discredit him by suggesting he was lying about his UFO work.
He cites several public statements asserting the department had no record of his involvement in UFOs even
after saying that he did<https://theintercept.com/2019/06/01/ufo-unidentified-history-channel-luis-elizondo-
pentagon/?source=email> work for AATIP.
"Several internet bloggers were notified ... that I had no duties regarding AATIP and that AATIP did not involve
the study of UAPs," Elizondo told the IG. "As a result, the bloggers began to disseminate reporting, accusing
me of being a fabricator."
He said when he inquired why the Pentagon had changed its official story about AATIP, he claims one
individual directly involved told him he "was not happy with the way this was being handled internally with the
Department." The official also said he "was aware I ran AATIP, but forces within the building were telling him not
to admit it," according to Elizondo.
The Pentagon public affairs office declined to comment for this story.
The Defense Department this month publicly acknowledged <http://nickpope.net/wpte19/blog/?source=email>
in a statement that the AATIP program was involved in UFO research, but it has not corrected the record on
Elizondo's involvement, he says.


                                                                          Generated on Jan 10, 2022 9:30:29 AM by ZL Technologies Inc.
                                                                                                                   5


"It goes beyond simple ambiguity," Sheehan said_ "There [are] actual discordant narratives that are going OIl.
They're professing a substantial amount of confusion"
Elizondo maintains that the efforts to punish him for coming forward continue _The IG compla int outlines that his
release of the th ree unclassified UFO videos was investigated by the Air Force Office of Special Investigations
and "there were no findings of me conducting any kind of Unauthorized Disdosu re"
But he says he was contacted this April by the Defense Countmi ntelligence and Security Agency advising him
to submit to a new interview to maintain his clearance even though it was renewed in January 2021_ And he
maintains he was told it was about concerns over whether he violated the rules when he made the UFO videos
public.
"Despite a previous favorable AFOSI investigation, I am under accusation of releasing the videos in an
unauthorized manner," he w rote in the IG complaint
Elizondo has continued to publicly maintain <https:f!wY.w.politico_comlnewsJ2021/031251ufo-sightings-
report-478 104?source=email> that he believes the govemment is covering up what it knows about UFO
sightings. And Sheehan also claims Elizondo's experience within the Pentagon's bureaucracy signifies a much
deeper resistance to com ing dean.
He said there is "this extraordinarily bizarre process going on in the heart of the national security state
bureaucracy where general officers, secretaries of defense are not being briefed in on something that is
transparently within their julisdiction"
"That is a profound and fundamental problem that they view as being above thei r pay grade: Sheehan added.
"They know something is going on, and they don't dare go there."
View this article online. <https:llsubscrber.poIiticopro.comlarticIel2021/05/ex-Official-who-revealed-ufo-project-
accuses-pentagon--af-disinformation-eampaign-2057185?source=email>


You received this POLITICO Pro content because your customized settings include: Military, Defense and
Security, National Intelligence, Bryan Bender. You can customize all of your alert critelia on your settings
page<https:llsubscriber.poIiticopro.comIsettings?source=email> .


This email alert has been sent for the exdusive use of POLITICO Pro subscriber,
             ~~:~,::~~'::                            i        FOIWarding or reproducing the alert without the
             t(                                     violation of copynght law and the POLITICO Pro subscription
agreement
Copytight (c) 2021 by POliTICO LLC. To subscr be to Pro, please go to politicopro.com<https:/Ipoliticopro.com?
source=email>.
This email wassentto lmlllll• • • @dodig.mil<mailto l••I11·• • • @dodig.mil> by:
POLITICO, LLC
1000 Wilson Blvd.
Arlington , VA 22209
USA
                                                                                                                   1


F,~

To                                                                                 ;;~!~:~:~~"L>, ·Stone, Randolph R,
Co                                                                     ::::::                              DIG DoD"


Subject                          FW: (Non-DoD Source) Fw : UAP IntefView & OIG contact information
Dale                             Thu, 3 Jun 2021 12:24:46 + ()()()()
Message-Id                       <8435cc294dd44c339afcl bc6e52d6eOd@OODI G.MIL>


                                                           contact information
Greetings Sir,
looks I ke i have the logistics arranged. Wh ich day worts better for you? What t ime is best? My attorney and i
w ill accomodale your schedule!
Best Regards ,
too
Sent from Yahoo Mail on Android<https:flgo_onelink.me/ l 07872968?pid=lnProduc
t&c=Globa'-lntema'-YGrowth_AndroidE mailSi~AndroidUsers&aC wI=ym&a'-sub! =
Intemal&a,-sub2=Global                              il
On Tue, May25, 202 1 814:49                              OIGOoD
i '"             @OOOIG.MIL>
Sir,


-
Not a problem. We can't be Hex ble! Don" rush out on ou r account , th is project w ill take some time _
VIr,


S ent with BlackBeny WorK
(WYffl.blackberry.com)


""",
too
Sent from Yahoo Mail on Android<https:flgo_onelink.me/ l 07872968?pid=lnProduc
t&c=Globa'-lntema'-YGrowth_ AndroidE mailSi~AndroidUsers#_ wI=ym#_ sub1=Inte
mal#_ sub2=GlobaC YGrowth#_ sub3=EmaiISignature<htlps :flgo.onelink.rneJ107872
                                                                                                                  2


968?pid=lnProducl&c=GlobaUntemaLYGrowth_ AndroidEmailSi~AndroidUser5&a
   I                               I YGrowth&aC sub3=EmaiISignalure»
                 202 1                                  OIGOoD

                    to see if                                 visit DC? Does the 15th or 17th work for you?


VIr,


Loo,


That week is still pretty open. Would 1300 on Tuesday the 15th or Thursday the 17th wort? We will have a set
01 questions by then, but would want to be sure we give you time for anything we didn't think to ask about that
you think is important for us to know_


VIr,


From: Luis Elizondo
Sent: Wednesday, May
To:                      OIG DoD   i.'             @DODI G _ MIL<mailto '~ml'• • •I @DODIG_MIL»
Subject: (Non-DoD Source) Fw: UAP IntefView & OIG contact information


Greetings Sir, and good evening. Is there a day that wof1c.s particulal1y good for you andfor your colleagues the
week of 14 June?
""",
Loo


Sent: Fri, May 14, 2021 at 2:04 PM
Subject: UAP Interview & OIG contact information
Mr. Elizondo,


Thanks lor taking my call. As we discussed, the UAP evaluation team would I ke to intelView you earty in the
course of the evaluation _It sounds like the week of June 14th may WOf1c. the best for you if we are to do the
interview in person. Let me know your preference for a date when you can.


We look fOlWard to healing your insight on the topic.


VIr,
                                                                                                                          3


                      Nuclear Evaluations


                                L                                              it      iL
                                                                          it


TRis email is from the DopartmeAt af DeleAse OOice af IRSJ-JecloF GOROfBl IDeO OIGj . It may EootaiR GOAtrollefJ
URclassifieElIAfBfmatioR ICUII. iRCllolEliRg iAfmmatioA thai is law ERfoFcomoAt 8eRsitive ILES), SIoIbject 10 the
Privacy Act, 8m-jlor alAe!' privileges BREI resiFictioAs IRat prehibit release wiihollt 8l'lpFOf)fiale le!}al au'JIOFity. Do
Rot lIissemiAaie \vitAoHi tAe apPFOval 01the DoD OIG_ If fecoivoll iR offor, please ROtify the semler By reply e rna
il BREI !-Ielele all copies of this mes58!-Je_
                                                                                                                     1


F,~                               ?P!!
To                                · Stone, Randolph R , SES,    0""",0"                                       "Garrison,
                                                                                                           " Roal1l , Michael J.,


Co
Subject                           RE : [Non-DoD Source] Grootings/Update (ELIZO NDO)
Dale                              Fri , 27 Aug 2021 16:29:28 +0000
Message-Id                        <8bab781454cf4d3f8d388bbb5603ge9d@DOOIG _MIL>


     : Stone, Randolph R , SES, O IG 000       ilwli·• • • • @DODIG.MIL>
Sent: Friday. August 27, 2021 12 :27 PM
                         C .• SES, OIG DoD
                              I


Assistant Inspector General lor Evaluations
Space, Intelligence, Engineering, and Oversight
DoD Office of the Inspector General

'm

                                            illiI• • •@OOOIG.MI L>;I" . ·• • • •

Sir,


                       in late September to meet again with your investigators/auditors at a time of t heir
convenience _
In the mean time , i thought you might fi nd the below link interesting. As a result of a recent FOIA request, it
appears thai Pentagon PAO is still publically stating "I had flO assigned responsibilities for MTIP during my
t ime at OUSDI ". Clearly they still do not acknowledge my role and addressing the public in this manner is
disingenuous because it appears thai i had no                          all. ~!:!~


    i      betrayal by certain individua ls i cant begin to explain.
Thank you for your efforts.
Best RegardsIVery Respectfully,
luis "l ue" Elizondo
https:Ifw.Nw.theblackvault com/documentarchive/department-Of-defense--briefing--eard-an-unidentified-aeli al-
phenomenal
(As of May 17, 2021 :) "[If asked about the role of former DoD employee Luis Elizondo in the Advanced
Aerospace
                                                                                                                                 2


Threat Identification Program (AATIP):] Luis Elizondo had no assigned responsibilities for
AATIP while assigned to OUSD(I).”


                                                                         Generated on Jan 10, 2022 9:30:36 AM by ZL Technologies Inc.
                                                                                                                    1


F,~                               ' Stone, Randolph R , SES, OIG 000"         .....
To                                "Roart, Michael J _. SES, OIG 000"      .....
                                  DIG DoD"    1$                @DODIG_MIL>
Subject                           FW: (Non-DoD Source) GreebngsJUpdate (ELIZONDO)
Dale                              Mon, 30 Aug 2021 01:05:36 +0000
Message-Id                        <57b3ce41dcb94cc98dle8b80255deI29@DOOIG .MIL>


Sent with BlackBeny WorK
(WYffl.blackberry.com)


From: Stone, Randolph R , SES, O IG 000
                I


Hi Lue,
Good to hear from you _                                                                  As I mentioned earlier my
folks cant help with the administrative complaint but the evaluation into the UAP is progressing!
Best to you and your family
Randy
Sent with BlackBeny WorK
(WYffl.blackberry.com)


Sir,


                       in late September to meet again with your investigators/auditors at a time of their
convenience _
In the mean time , i thought you might fi nd the below link interesting. As a result of a recent FOIA request, it
appears thai Pentagon PAO is still publically stating "I had flO assigned responsibilities for MTIP during my
time at OUSDI". Clearly they still do not acknowledge my role and addressing the public in this manner is
disingenuous because it appears that i had no                          all. ~!:!~


    i      betrayal by certain individua ls i cant begin to explain.
Thank you for your efforts.
Best RegardsIVery Respectfully,
luis "l ue" Elizondo
https:Ifw.Nw.theblackvaultcom/documentarchive/department-Of-defense--briefing-eard-On-unidentified-Beli al-
phenomenal
(As of May 17, 2021 :) "[If asked about the role of former DoD employee Luis Elizondo in the Advanced
Aerospace
Threat Identification Program (AATIP):] luis Elizondo had no assigned responsibilibes for
AATIP while assigned to OUSO(I)"
                                                                                           1


F,~                             ' Stone, Randolph R , SES, D IG 000 "    .....
To                                                 , D IG DoD"   .....
Co

Subject                         RE: Heads up: Contact with UAP interviewees
Dale                            Mon, 1 Nov 2021 15:55:56 +0000
Message-Id                      <f4ge4fe6eec344b393ad265e76e58da5@OOOIG_MIL>


Assista nt Inspector General lor
Spa ce, Intelligence, Engineering & Oversight
Evaluations Component
Department of Defense Office of the Inspector General
Offioo


-Original Message-
From:              DIG 000 i1~m~'!I!!• • • @DODIG_M IL>
Sent: Monday, November 1, 2021 11:54 AM
To : Stone, Randolph R , SES, D IG DoD
Cc:
      .•
                     • SES,
                         I
                              0""",0  <                                          I   DoD

               up:


~;~:~~~ Nuclear Evaluations
E     Defense Office of Inspector General ' .                       IDSN
                                                                                                            1


                                                                              ~~~~~~~~I.' :":~R~M~~rX. Michael J _. SES,
F,~

To


Subject                         RE : [Non-DoD Source] GAUS XXII International UFO Congress -Sunday November 14 th
                                2021-
Dale                            Thu , 18 Nov 2021 15:21:27 +0000
Message-Id                      <lf34aee7187d41e690808e5txlc3eb7bd@DODI G_MIL>


Assistant Inspector General lor
Space, Intelligence, Engineering & Oversight
Evaluations Component
Department of Defense Office of the Inspector General
Offioo
                                  .:II!~!I!I!!I. @[)()OI G _ MIL>

                                        illiii••••      @OOOIG _MIL>; Roal1c., MichaeI J _.SES,OIGDoD

                  !'~g'~;:-:;~l GAUS XXll lntemational UFO Congress -Sunday November 14th 2021-


lor Evaluations

'm
From: Stone, Randolph R , SES, O IG 000
Sent:          November 18, 2021 10:16
                      I           !             @[)oIJlGI.MIL>; Roark, Michael J .• SES, OIG DoD


~=i=;~~~Sou
        ;~'oofl GAUS XXll lntemational UFO Congress -Sunday November 14th 202 1-
Assistant Inspector General lor
Space, Intelligence, Engineering & Oversight
Evaluations Component
Department 01 Defense Office of the Inspector General
Offioo


jT~O!!!m!~~;;~;~;~;;;;.~[I(Ji'~'i':["">;
~
                                                                    S'tO"'.
                                                                         Randolph R , SES, O IG 000
                                GAUS XXII International UFO Congress -Sunday November 14th 2021-


              • • • O IG 000       i1'IIIiI·'• • • @DODIG_MIL>
                                                                                                           2


Sent: Monday, November 15, 2021 3:40 PM

To:'.
Subject: RE: (Non-DoD
                     ' OIG DoD             ~!~~~!;'~,~'~
                                           Ii    I UFO Cong ress -Sunday November 14th 2021-


                                               :~:~:~,~~~;congress -Sunday November 14th 2021-
Good afternoon,

,/


             "mdol, ,, R , S ES , O IG 000 ~1Imli'• • • • @DODIG_MIL>
Sent: Monday, November 15, 2021 2:29 PM
                                      11
          Michael J., SES, OIG DoD 11'Ii'I '• • • @DODIG.MIL>JIl'.
                          I     I
                                                                   ·· • • • • • OIGDoD


Assistant Inspector General lor
Space, Intelligence, Engineering & Oversight
Eva luations Component
Department of Defense Office of the Inspector General
Offioo


Subject: (Non-DoD Source) GAUS XXll lntemational UFO Congress -Sunday November 14th 2021-
Dear friends,
It's with great honour and pleasure thai we invite you to connect at our XXII International UFO Congress
"ARRIVAL: DISCLOSURE AND EN COUNTER S".
It will be held on Sunday November 14th 2021 at Santa Apollonia Congress Center (please refer to the attached
leaflet) in Florence (Italy).
You need just subscribe for free to our GausTube channel (https:/Iwww_youtube _comfGausTube)
Our confirmed guests are:
- Luis Elizondo (USA)
- BaIT)' Downing (USA)
- Kathleen Marden (USA)
- DotL Filipov (Bulgaria)
- Sablina Piemgostini (Italy)
- Roberto Pinotti (Italy)
                                                                                                              3


- Paolo Guizzardi (Italy)
- Pietro Marchetti (Italy)
- There w ill be a surplise guest from USA.
You could find updated info at our website https JIwww.gaus _iUeventi/convegno-2021-arrival-disclosure-and-
encountersl?lang=en<http Jtwww.gaus _iUeventilconvegn0-2021-arrival-disclosure-and-encounterst> or on
Facebook: https JtwwwJacebooiccomlgaus1994
"ARRIVAL: D ISCLOSURE AND ENCOUNTE RS' will become the most attended online UFO congress ever held
in Europe and more!


-
Please help us share the leaHel on Facebook and with your friends and contacts!
Best regards
                                                                                                              1


F,~

To


Subject
                                                   1,
                                  "Roart, Michael J _. SES, OIG 000"
                                  SES, O IG 000"
                                                                          .....
                                                                        @DODIG_MIL>
                                  Pentagon FOfTTlS a Group to Examine Unexplained Aerial Sightings
                                                                                                     ' Stone, Randolph R ,


Dale                              Wed , 24 Nov 2021 12:26:57 +0000
Message-Id                        <1d6762bOef2944398a527941clO9c856@OOOIG _MIL>


Below probably no surplise to you _
Pentagon Forms a Group to Examine Unexplained Aelial Sightings
The announcement fo llows a report that fa iled to c larify strange phenomena
observed by military pilots and others over the past two decades
New York Times Onl ine, Nov_24 (0008) I Julian E. Barnes
WASHINGTON - The Pentagon on Tuesday night announced a new group to
investigate reports of unidentified aeria l phenomena in sensibve areas,
work thai will be overseen by both the military and the inte lligence
agencies.
The group will lead an elfort to "detect, identify and atbibute objects" in
restricted airspace, as well as mitigate any threats to military nights.
The announcement fo llows the release of a report in June that failed to
provide explanations of 143 sightings of strange phenomena by m ilitary
pilots and others over the past two decades.
The report frustrated some inside the intelligence community who believed
more ana lysis and research shou ld have been done to try to categorize and
explain the phenomena. Releasing a report that said the sightings were
unexplained further drove theories that the videos or pictures could be
visitors from space, a theory that few in the U.s. government take
seriously.
Kathleen H. Hicks , the deputy defense secretary, said the new group would be
called the A irtJome Object Identification and Management Synchronization
Group. II will be overseen by an execubve council made up of the
undersecretary of defense for intelligence, the director of the Joint Staff
and senior officia ls from the Office of the Director of National
Intelligence.
The group will focus on special-use airspace, which indudes military
operations areas, firing ranges and places restricted for national security
and other uses. In a memo, Dr. Hicks said unidentified aerial phenomena in
special-use areas represented a potential safety issue for military pilots
and raised 'potential national security concerns.'
In June, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence released a
report that reviewed unidentified aeria l phenomena seen since 2004 , noting
that 143 remained unexplained. Of those , 21 reports, involving 18 episodes,
possibly demonstrated technological know-how unknown to the United States,
such as objects moving without observable pro pulsion or with rapid
acceleration that is believed to be beyond the capabi lities of Russia, China
or other terrestria l nations.
Government officials said privately that there was no evidence of Russian or
Ch inese advance technology in use, much less spare-traveling a liens, in the
information collected. But the offidals acknowledged that the government's
failure to provide much explanation would fuel a wide range of theories,
some more conspiratorial than others .
Whi le the unexplained sightings were mostly around m ilitary installations or
operations, the report said that could be the resull of cor lection bias or
the presence of cutting--edge sensors.
Some people believe any phenomenon exh ibiting technology beyond the
                                                                                      2


abilities of the United States needs deep study. Skeptics believe most or
all of the sightings, induding videos recorded by cameras on military
righter jets, can be explained by tricks 01 optics or naturally occulTing
phenomena.
But the military research that underpinned the intelligence report did
litUe to address those theories or provide specific explanations for
various sightings that have captured the public's imagination.
For years a m ilitary intelligence official , Luis Elizondo, ran a
litUe-noticed group within the Pentagon called the Advanced Aerospace
Threat Identification Program_ The Pentagon has said the program was shut
down in 2012, but backers of the program said its wOf1c. continued_ In 2020,
the Pentagon announced it had a new group, the Unidentified Aerial
Phenomenon Task Force _
The memo released by Dr. Hicks said the task force would immediately
transition to the new synchronization group _The oversight council will
choose an acting director for the new group and issue guidance, subject to
Dr. Hicks's approval , she said_
The new director will have the power to standardize incident reporting of
unidentified areal phenomena, ask to oversee the analysis of data on the
unexplained sightings and identify shortfalls in detection capabilities.
Marguerite C. Garrison
Deputy Inspector General

I~  Ad.m~i~"~",'~ti,~e~'"~,~e '~"i·gations
SU ite ~
4800 Mane. Center Drive
~""",,~ VA 22350


COAMiRell iR this email aAlI aAY aCCOml*lAyiR!I aflaci'lmeRts may EOAMiA
seAsitive iRfOFmatioA wh ich is pretecteEl from maREIaIef)' Elisclosure lIREler the
FreeElom of IRformatioR Act (FOIA), 6 U.S.G. 652. This email messa!le,
iRcluEliR!l aRY atiaci'lmeRts, is for the sele use of the iRteREleEl recipieAl(s)
aAEI shOlllEl Rot be releaseEl to uAau'JlOFizeEll'lerseAs. If you are Aelthe
iRteAEleEl recipieAt please CORMct the seAEler by email aREI Elestroy all
cOl'lies of the oFi!liRal mll"'J5a!le aREI attachmeRts.
CORtrelieElby: OeD DIG
CORtrelieElby: AElmiRislFati'o'e IRvesti!latioAS
CUI Category: Law EmorcemeAl
Dislf bution'DissemiRatioA GORtrels: FEOGON
POG: Ma~ueFite G. GamseR tQ, t'


Attachment Name :                            smime.p7s
                                                                                     1


F,~                               ' Stone, Randolph R , SES, OIG 000 "    .....
To                                "Roart, Michael J _. SES, OIG 000 "
Subject                           M~

Dale                              Fri, 22 Oct 202 1 18:12 :23 +0000
Message-Id                        <7cb l d l da77e443&laa6b2e8e3aa94276@DOOIG.MIL>


Randolph R Stone
Assistant Inspector General lor
Space, Intelligence, Engineering & Oversight
Eva luations Component

""",rtmeii"i'io.'.D
Office _ml!
                  .,.f,.".se Office of the Inspector General


Attachment Name :                 MFR on Elizondo 21 Dec 17 - Clean.pdf


Attachment Name :                 1Dec2010 Memo.pdf
                                                                                                                    1


F,~                              i~'II!.. . . . O!G Do[!"IiIIIiII.
To                               "Roart , Michael J _. SES, OIG 000 "                                   ' Stone, Randolph
                                 R , SES, D IG                                                              , OIGOoD"


Co
                                                                                                        DIG DoD"


                                 L>
Subject                          The Hili: Ex-Officials voice deep concerns over new Pentagon UFO unit
Dale                             Thu , 2 Dec 202112:53:50 -t{)()OO
Message-Id                       <81cfe827ad8e47cOaaadc616dld9d0e5@DODIG_MIL>


Good morning.
FYSA, OlAC wanted to share with you the below article fro m the Hill.


TheHilLcom
Ex-Officials voice deep concerns over new Pentagon UFO unit
BY MARIK VON RENNENKAMPFF, OPINION CONTRIBUTOR -12101121 12 :30 PM EST
https:llthehiILcomIopinion/intemationall583575-a-pentagon-ufO-cover-up-ex-OfflCials-speak-Out


According to two former Department of Defense officials, the Pentagon office recently tasked with assessing
U.s. military encounters with unidentified Hying objects (UFOs) is woefully ill-equipped and impropelty staffed to
tackle its new m ission _Moreover, the initiative threatens to derail a congressional proposal that would mandate
unprecedented government transparency on UFOs.


In an interview, luis Elizondo, the former head of an infOfTTlai Defense Department unit that assessed military
UFO reports, told me he had deep reservations about the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for
Intelligence & Security (OUSD(I&S )) leading a government effort to investigate the UFO phenomenon.


According to Elizondo, UFOs are "not solely an intelligence issue. If we want 70 more years of secrecy on this
topic, then OUSD(I&S) is the perfect place to put it. They've had four years so far, and we have litHe in the way
of efforts serving the public interest"


Refelling to pend ing legislation drafted by Sen. Kirsten Gill brand (O-N.Y ) that would mandate unclassified
reporting on UFOs and revolution ize the govemmenfs study of the phenomena, Elizondo believes that "if we
want meaningful change and transparency, then we should keep the spint of the Gillibrand amendment"


Christopher Mellon, who ran OUSD(I&S)'s predecessor organization dunng the Clinton and George W.
Bush administrations, echoed Elizondo's concerns . Mellon expressed "shock" that OUSO(I&S) is taking on a
permanent mission to analyze UFO encounters.


As Mellon notes, his former office is an oversight - versus an o perational - organization, with no relevant
i unding, line autholity, contracting , command or technical capabilities" to execute the kind of robust UFO
investigations Gillibrand's bipartisan legislation demands.


l ke Elizondo, Mellon believes that "the inability of [O USD(I&S )] to engage effectively on the (UFO] issue is why
so little has changed or been accomplished since 2004 "


Mellon's reference to 2004 is not accidental. That November, four naval aviators observed a mysterious flying
object at close range that appeared to demonstrate extraordinary technologies. Accord ing to the aircrew, the
                                                                                                                                   2


unknown craft accelerated instantaneously to hypersonic speeds without discern ble engines, wings or other
control surfaces. The aviators' account of the 2004 incident is corroborated by radar operators aboard a nearby
ship and an airborne command and control aircraft.


Intelligence analyses of the encounter ruled out highly advanced Chinese or Russian aircraft as plausible
explanations. For their part, the aviators who observed the object believe that it was "not from this world."


The 2004 incident was not an isolated event. In recent years, military personnel briefed members of Congress
and spoke publicly about encounters involving unidentified objects operating with apparent impunity in sensitive
airspace.


Moreover, reports from multiple highly credible observers of mysterious, "intelligently controlled" craft exh biting
extraordinary technologies date back to the 1940s. With noteworthy parallels to recent intelligence assessmen
ts, declassified government analyses from 1947 to 1952 suggested extraordinary explanations for the most
compelling UFO encounters.


But after Cold War national security fears sparked seven decades of government obfuscation, derision and
belittling of UFO reporting, Elizondo is "not convinced [that] burying this [issue] in the deep, dark bowels of
the Pentagon under an intelligence organization is the best way to shed light on a topic that needs a whole-of-
government approach."


L kening the UFO problem to climate change, where the government "brought people in from the outside to
serve in an advisory role [and] capacity," Elizondo believes that involvement of "[the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration], [the Federal Aviation Administration], academia [and] the scientific community" - as
mandated by Gillibrand's proposed legislation - is of critical importance.


According to Elizondo, "we've had 70 years to try to figure [the UFO problem] out as a government [while]
keeping it in the halls of secrecy, and we haven't come any closer to figuring it out. Why are we going to repeat
the same mistake all over again? Are we crazy? That's the very definition of insanity. Have we not learned?"


While praising Deputy Secretary of Defense Kathleen Hicks's attention to the UFO issue, Elizondo expressed
concern that Hicks "is being hoodwinked by certain elements and members of her own staff." According to
Elizondo, "if [Hicks] had the complete picture, she would not have made the decision" to place the UFO mission
under the purview of OUSD(I&S).


Pressed on his reservations over OUSD(I&S) tackling the UFO problem, Elizondo pointed to "a combination of
ineptitude, moral objection to the topic [and] classic stigma and taboo." Expanding on this point, Elizondo stated,
"Documentation exists that, if made public, would illustrate the sense of urgency and the need for a neutral,
unbiased [and] objective office" to investigate the UFO phenomenon.


Elizondo also mentioned his resignation in protest over the lack of high-level attention toward the issue, saying,
"In some cases there are individuals who have taken it personally that I left in the manner that I did, and they
want this entire topic to go away."


From a strategic perspective, Elizondo believes that senior OUSD(I&S) staff "want to focus on the threats that
they can define, not the threats that are undefined."


According to Elizondo, "We in the [Department of Defense] are very good at addressing defined threats, whether
it's [weapons of mass destruction], or terrorism or stabilization operations. But when you get to something that is
 ill-defined - [where] we don't know what it is, we don't know where it's from, we don't know what its capabilities
are, we don't know what its intent is [and] we don't know who's behind the wheel - that is a really tough topic to
tackle from a national security perspective."


                                                                           Generated on Jan 10, 2022 9:30:39 AM by ZL Technologies Inc.
                                                                                                                    3


"[But) just because we don't know the origin [01 UFOs], doesn't mean we should keep burying our heads in the
sand"


Elizondo also expressed concerns over government transparency, stating thai "there is plenty of documentation
substantiabng that certain elements 01 [OUSD(I&S)] have not been forthcoming. That's one of the reasons why
there's [8 Department of Defense Inspector Genera I evaluation, to determine how they are handling or, in this
case , mishandling [the UFO) topic over the last lour years"


"This is the same office that has bungled up [the UFO issue) so badly and has been telling people, 'Nothing to
see here: to include not just senior [Department of Defense] leadership but also the [Department of Defense
Inspector General) and even Congress. When I talk to certain elements within Congress, they all say the same
thing: That the [OUSD(I&S )] suppoft has been underwhelming"


While noting that there are ·competent: "patriotic' civil servants in OUSD(I&S), Elizondo believes that certain
senior leaders in the office are operating in a manner that "is not consistent with the agenda that Congress has
lor the American people"


Moreover, Elizondo believes that these career OUSD(I&S) o fficials "do not want (the UFO issue] going public.
Because then they're going to have to unwind the tape and admit to a lot of people that they have not been
telling the truth on this topic"


Refelling, in part, to sudden Pentagon denials that he managed the Pentagon's informal UFO analysis unit,
Elizondo anticipates further reprisals for speaking out


But Elizondo expressed cautious optimism that Sen_ Gillibrand's histonc, bipartisan UFO legislation wou ld
become law, saying, "I think we're in a good spot I think we ..... e come a long way_ There seem to be a lot of
people really trying to get behind this in a productive - not in a sensational - way"


According to Elizondo, "members of Congress are taking a huge risk by even considering this particular topic.
These are people who tend to be risk-averse to begin with , and yet they're willing to put their credibility on the I
ine"


"What does that tell you?" he asked_ "That tells you that they've seen information that is compelling enough that
they're willing to do whars necessary"


                          and Communications
DoD Office of Inspector General
