{"created_utc": "2026-08-20T02:28:21Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 9098989, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/dod-releases-kona-blue-documents-3.pdf", "source_sha256": "12649c5545791ec2780d9388a00096a2c23dad02a2ef141455623ee1160d7369"}

•The All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office


                             History and Origin of KONA BLUE
        The All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office (AARO) first learned of the KONA BLUE
program from interviews conducted as part of its historical review. Multiple interviewees
identified KONA BLUE as a Department of Homeland Security (DHS) sensitive compartment
established to protect the retrieval and exploitation of "non-human biologics." AARO researched
the information provided by the interviewees and learned KONA BLUE was a Prospective
Special Access Program (PSAP) that had been proposed to DHS leadership but was never
approved or formally established. KONA BLUE never received any materials or funding, and
there is no information beyond the proposal presentation marked with the KONA BLUE name.
        AARO traced the origin of the proposal for KONA BLUE to the Advanced Aerospace
Weapon System Application Program (AAWSAP)/Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification
Program (AATIP) program, which was managed by the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA)
from 2009-2012 and funded through congressional earmarks. Bigelow Aerospace, headquartered
in Nevada, served as the primary contractor executing funds for the program and delivered
multiple reports during the period of their contract. DIA terminated the program due to a cited
lack of merit and lack of utility in the products Bigelow produced for DIA’s mission.
        When DIA canceled AAWSAP/AATIP, several individuals involved with that program
advocated for DHS to take the effort over and fund a new version of AAWSAP/AATIP under the
code name “KONA BLUE.” According to the proposal, KONA BLUE would continue the work
previously undertaken by DIA’s AAWSAP/AATIP to investigate, identify, and analyze sensitive
materials and technologies, to include advanced aerospace vehicles. In 2011, the DHS Under
Secretary for Science and Technology (S&T) established KONA BLUE as a PSAP based on
claims that relevant information and material existed and required this level of protection. The
Under Secretary (S&T) also cited congressional interest in the subject and possible impacts on
homeland security as part of the justification for the program. Six months later, however, the
Deputy Secretary of DHS disapproved KONA BLUE as a Special Access Program (SAP), and
further directed its immediate termination citing concerns about the adequacy of justification for
the program, and sufficiency of information central to the proposal development, including
personnel and budget requirements.
       It is critical to note that while some DHS personnel believed that relevant information
and material would be delivered to DHS upon establishment of the SAP, no data or material of
any kind was ever transferred to or collected by DHS under the auspices of KONA BLUE.
Information associated with the activities conducted under the auspices of AAWSAP/AATIP
remains within DIA’s archived holdings.
       This archived PSAP proposal and associated documents have been declassified in
partnership between DoD and DHS and are being released to the public in accordance with both
agencies’ commitment to transparency.

        Other than a single instance of Attorney-Client material redacted from page 38 by DHS,
all redactions were made by the Department of Defense.
Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
                                                                        U.S. Department of'Homeland Security
                                                                        Washington DC 20528


                                                                       Homeland
                                                                       Security

                                         February 5, 2024


The Honorable Kathleen H. Hicks
Deputy Secretary of Defense
1010 Defense Pentagon
Washington, DC 20301-1010

Dear Dr. Hicks:

       Thank you for your letter on September 28, 2023.

       The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) agrees to provide the Department of
Defense (DoD) with documents and relevant information associated with KONA BLUE. KONA
BLUE was a DHS prospective special access program (PSAP) terminated on February 10, 2012.
The following actions were taken:

      • All DHS documents associated with the KONA BLUE PSAP are declassified and
        approved for public release.

      • The strike-out method was utilized to retain visibility of prior classifications and
        redactions were made based on policy and legal review.

      • All pertinent DHS records have been searched and no additional information
        associated with the KONA BLUE PSAP has been discovered.

       I appreciate your continued cooperation and support for DHS. Should you wish to
discuss this matter further, please do not hesitate to contact me.

                                      Sincerely,


                                      Kristie Canegallo
                                      Acting Deputy Secretary
                                                                                                                                                                Hom


Declassified by: Ri
DHS, Chief Security Officer
Declassified on: 20230718

               ~:f:S//KB/INF} KONA BLUE
                                                     DHS, Science & Technology
 Classified By: U/S for S&T (OCA)
 Classified Reason: 1.4(e)                     UNACKNOWLEDGED,WAIVED                                                                                           0~11
                                                                                                                                                                Copylof l
 Declassify On: 20360425                     Prospective Special Access Program                                                                                 Slide 1 of9


                                    - - - -•T.-O~I'§@~lWlt@l'ift\ B Lt;E;')NOliORP-i
                                    - w..\NQl!ii-WiA,SiPliiCll:zl,,IJCCE6S 81/iPO•ELG ~                                                    . ,.1:5-&.,.,_
                                                                                                                                                    r
                  Th<' U.S. Oep•rtment of Homrwnd Sl'Cutltv IOHS l ls•ckrwwlt'llged J• th~ sporu;or uf lhts wcirL- l'Ml•IJECISION/\1 DKAfT - 00 NO ltEI.EASl
                                                                                                                                                                      DH5-003-6-0002/11
                                                                       UNCLASSIFIED                                                                                           Copy1ofl
                                                                                                                                                                            Page 1 of 15
                                                                                                                                                                       Homeland
                                                                                                                                                                       Securit
                                                                                               (U) Project Description

                                                                                               • (TS/~B,'ff,U2) This project will investigate, identify and
                                                                                                 analyze sensitive information, advanced materials and
                                                                                                 technologies to increase the basic knowledge of potential
                                                                                                 emerging and/or disruptive scientific and technical data.
                                                                                               • ('F$f,'KDl,'t4f) This project addresses basic , applied, and
                                                                                                 advanced research and technology demonstrations in order
                                                                                                 to identify and anticipate threats to the U.S. homeland. A
                                                                                                 unified approach will be used for data collection and
                                                                                                 analysis, advanced technology acquisition, applied
                                                                                                 technology theory demonstration, and consciousness
                                                                                                 studies.

(U) Planned Research Objectives                                                                 CU) Describe the potential outcome(s)

                                                                                                •~ffHV6.\C~ OHS S&T has the prospect to identify a unique
                                                                                                 class of scientific and technology threats and opportunities.
  (U) All deliverables are dependent on the initial analysis
                                                                                                •€Uf,<M.\Z~AC~ Achievement of basic research goals will place
  and assessment of associated existing and discovered                                           DHS S&T at the forefront of applied science and
  information and materials.                                                                     opportunities involving advanced technology .
                                                                                                •~,<,q: JVSACO~ Customers/Partners: DHS Components, USG,
                                                                                                 and private sector.


                                                         FY12             FY13             FY14              FY15             FY16             FY17             FY18

 (SflKB#Nf) Total Funding ($M)                             12                25            35-50            TBD              TBD               TBD              TBD
                                                      TOP ~iC:R.ETl}KO~•A. RLU~N~IOI-ORN
                                        WA~JQbi Vlt"z SPECl.hL 1\CC1!6S CilltHNELS O~,LY
                 l h• U.S. U~p•rtnwnt oi Hom~l~nll ::ienirity IUHS I IS JCknowli:dsed ;r,; th,: spon'I01 o f th1• wori.- PRE-DFCl<;IO"IAI O Ii.AFT - DO NOT RHFASF              1
                                                                                                                                                                           DHS-003-6-0002/ ll
                                                                   UNCLASSIFIED                                                                                                     Copy lofl
                                                                                                                                                                                 Page2ofl5
1. (U) What is the research need?

  (61/KBff~'F) This research is a Congressional int~rest item.
  (Ti~8/~1i} This research addresses the critical need for the United States science and technology
  community to identify global emerging and/or potentially disruptive technologies that can have a
  significant impact on homeland security. Based on analytical assumptions and uncertainties, this
  research is pivotal to defining the impact of global science and technology on the elements for
  national power and security. The focused collaborations on the knowledge based deliverables ensure
  that the Departmental requirements, and those of the interagency partners, are addressed and
  provided opportunities for follow on efforts and additional collaboration on scientific investigation
  and technology exploitation.
   (16,'~Bfl:P,Jf) The Department 's interest area with this project targets is the scientific and technical
  investigation, threat analysis, and assessment of materials and data of unique origin, engineering,
  and purpose. The knowledge gap this research is addressing is emerging or disruptive materials and
  technologies that can potentially impact national power and security.


                                                  TOP ~ HCRH+/~KO~J:A llLUHI/NOl'OR.N

            T hP L:.s. Dep•rtntent of Homel.ind Se.:urity !OHS I IS .. ,·1.nowl~.tKt>d ~~ th~ ~ponsor Of lhlS work - r1u. u1:c1stONAL IJRM·T - 1)0 NU I kELEAS!i
                                                                                                                                                                        2
                                                               UNCLASSIFIED                                                                                        DHS-OOU-0002/11
                                                                                                                                                                            Copylof1   I
                                                                                           I                                                                            Page3of15
                                                                                                                                                              Homeland
                                                                                                                                                              Securit


2. (UHWVSACO~ What is the technical/scientific approach?

  fFS,'fl(BfftJF) This research addresses the questions of 1) what emergent technologies and
  applications are potentially harmful to U.S. vital and major interests; and 2)what vulnerabilities and
  opportunities does any new technologies present. Successful concept and principal validation
  provides strategic scientific and technical direction, focus and planning for technological exploitation
  and solutions, and the strategic planning for countermeasure and mitigation efforts throughout the
  homeland security enterprise. Specific methodologies used to assess available material ,
  technologies, and observations may require nuanced approaches that which will undoubtedly be of
  significant interest to foreign intelligence security services.
  ~"IS,1/Ji::B,t~fi) Four research centers -the Data Collection and Analysis Center, the Advanced
  Technology Center, the Consciousness Center, and the Technology Application Center will
  investigate and inventory available information and materials, investigate emerging and/or
  disruptive advanced materials and controls, alternative energy/power source/generation
  opportunities, temporal translation; human effects and interface, signature reduction and weaponry,
  as well as technology integration.


                                              TOP SECRET~ON!r BLUEfl~otOFOIH'i

             l"h<' U.S. D,p•rtment of HomPl•nd Security IDJIS l 1s Jckn11wledg.-d .._, tht ,;pon,;or of this work - PRE-f>FCISIONAI DRAFT - DO NOT RELEASE"
                                                                                                                                                                        3
                                                         UNCLASSIFIED                                                                                            DH5-003-6-000Z/11
                                                                                                                                                                        Copy1ofl
                                                                                                                                                                       Page4of15
3. (U) What are the anticipated results and value of this research?

  (+~}~iJ,'P,•v) This research is pivotal to identifying the source and substance of associated material
  and assessments of a previous investigatory USG programs and to identify and define the impact of
  the unique science and technology applications on homeland security. The exploratory research
  provides opportunity to increase our basic knowledge of a science or phenomenology. This effort
  provides the potential to influence technological solutions and strategies to sustain the elements of
  national power and homeland security.
  (Ti,',Q<;i~,''1-Jv) Success of this research is predicated on the scientific investigation and assessments of
  available material; continuity of effort can generate 'actionable' follow-on research contributing to
  continuing discovery, research investments, possible countermeasure technology and USG policy
  development.
4. (U) What is innovative about this work?

  (T~,<,'Kei,','M~) This knowledge-based research addresses the analytical assumptions and uncertainties
  of emerging and disruptive technologies or material that could potentially threaten vital and major
  U.S. interests such as the security of land, air and sea borders; and citizens; or critical infrastructure or
  economic resources. The potential also exists that outcomes and follow-on research and evaluation
  efforts will provide the U.S. with a unique ability to increase any of the elements (political, economic,
  military, and moral psycho-social (social cohesion)) of national power, as well as enhancing national
  security and developing resilience to disruptive technologyyotential.
                                  TOP StiCR:lslWKONA BLUEHNOFORN
                            111.NQLE Vl1¼i SPEClhL lzCCESS CIIltN:NELS ONL't
                  fh• U.S. O•p•rlmenl of Hcomol•nJ 5-.urity COHS I i9 •d.nuwleJgrJ •• lh.-5Pon><ir of this worl. - PRF.-OfCISIONAl URAf"I - 00 '1/Crt RELEASE
                                                                                                                                                                      4
                                                      UNCLASSIFIED                                                                                              DHs--003·6--0002/11
                                                                                                                                                                        Copy lofl
                                                                                                                                                                       Page Sof 1S
                                                                                                                                                                       Homeland
                                                                                                                                                                       Securit


5. (U) What are the next steps?
  (TS,','KM{,'l'li) This focused research provides an immense opportunity of discovery and validations
  that are the basis for further community of interest proof-of-principal and proof-of-concept efforts
  that will determine the strategies for adaptation, countermeasures, and mitigation through applied
  research initiatives. Follow-on efforts allow for the identification and resource planning and
  execution for immediate, near-term and far-term technology solutions to monitor and manage risk,
  for border and security operations and infrastructure protection, exploitation of new techniques and
  analytical tools also enhance continued research opportunities.
   (+~,£1QJJ/l>ll9 Due to the advanced nature of the research in this project and security considerations,
  no defined applied research efforts to this program are specifically identified at this time. However,
  the research results of this project should be readily used by the Department in the future. There are
  no known transition concerns at this time.

6. (U) Are there collaborators or partners involved in this project?

   (Uf,<.MVEk\C~ No, not at project inception. There is limited collaboration with the USG and
   interagency involvement is anticipated.


                                              TOP Sl!iCIUiT0KO~l'.lz HLU'90'9JOl+OR.N


             Jht U.S. Oep.11ttneht of llomelo1nJ !>..'<urity ◄ UIIS I ,s •cl,nowled11~J J :!. lh~ sponsor of lhi• wor~ - l'RC -UEt:ISIONAL OllAFJ - UO NO r Rlll:ASL            5
                                                                                                                                                                           DHS-003-6-0002/11
                                                              UNCLASSIFIED                                                                                                       Copy 1 ofl
                                                                                                                                                                                Page& oflS
7. (U) What is the history of this project?

   (Tii1l/KH1l/~J:i) Advanced Threat Identification Program first sponsored in the FY 2008
   Defense Supplemental Act by Senators Reid and Inouye with a $10M add; FY 2010
   Defense Appropriations Act included a $12M add for the project. '

8. (U) How much funding will be necessary to complete this effort as described?

   ~~l~tillMv) FY12 (minimum of $12M), FY13 ($25M), FY14 ($35-S0M), FYlS-17 (TBD)


             I h~ U.~. n~p~m,wnt of lfom~l.>nd S,-curity (Dl15 11, Acknowl~dg~d ., th.. ,p11ns<1r 111 thi~ wurl. - PRE-DECISIONAl ORAI-T - HO NOT RELEASE        6
                                                                                                                                                            DMS-003-6-0002/U
                                                        UNCLASSIFIED                                                                                                 Copylofl
                                                                                                                                                                  Page7of 15
                                                         UNCLASSIFIED
                                                                                                                                                      Hom


~611/K-RH~JP) The technical/scientific approach consists of four research centers:
1) Data Collection and Analysis, 2) Advanced Technology, 3) Consciousness, and 4) Integration.


#1 (UJ/IIV:6ACO)National Institute for Discovery Center:
• ES,',tl<i~/~lP)) The Data Collection Division will collect and deliver reports from the United States
  regarding sightings, evidence collection and subsequent laboratory analysis on advanced technology
  behavior within the territorial limits of the United States and immediately-adjacent Pacific and
  Atlantic Ocean areas.
• (i{}K;Q~~Jf') The Experimental Division initially will consist of a well-studied experimental location
  that has been researched for approximately 15 years. The intent is to locate, calibrate and then subject
  other sites to the same intensive study as the primary location. Within each location, focus remote
  sensing capabilities on all known hot spots (locations with repeated/frequent reports of activity).
• (S/.°'Btf)IP) The Medical Division will have a small team of medical analysts under the direction of
  the chief physician and the deputy administrator that will organize data into a threat analysis based
  on medical findings including but not limited to: (a) deaths and injuries as a result of interaction with
  advanced aerospace vehicles, (b) medical injuries as a result of other anomalies (c) collateral
  injuries/physiological effects to family members.
• (Sl~~l~Sf') The Data Analysis Division will conduct analysis to technical design and prototyping of
  AAV performance, up to advanced theoretical and computational studies of multi-physics problems.


              l'h• U.S. Uep~rtmmt uf Hum~IJnd '>eruritr (OIIS Ii~ ~cknowltclgi,d as the ,ponsorof this work - PRE-DECISIONAi DRAFI - UO NOT REU/\SE              7
                                                                                                                                                            DHS-003-6.()002/11
                                                          UNCLASSIFIED                                                                                             Copylofl j
                                                                                                                                                                  Page8of15
#2 ~S~)Ka,£,l~W)) Advanced Technology Center:
• ('i,,/./K.St~W) Access recovered advanced technology and any earlier assessments to determine threat
  capability and any potential countermeasures possible against the advanced technology.
• (~~itl~'f) Collect oral histories from already identified sources - retired military, intelligence, and
  contractor personnel - to assist in locating additional recovered advanced technology.

#3 (S{}K-'8,<~Jf) ) Consciousness Center:
• (~l.'1'2,'/~Jii)) Collect critical data utilizing remote sensing in order to determine the activity and
  purpose of the advanced technology, especially any threat posed.
• (nl,ll<;11N~J;p) ) In an expanded role, remote sensing and related techniques may present an invaluable
  aid in countering illicit activities conducted against the U.S. Demonstrations of capability will be
  made.

#4 ~S,'{:k';Stl:t)lF) ) Integration Center:
• (ii{,'l<iJ/~U•)) Focal point for the integration of information and data from the other centers, and
  report writing; follow-on basic and applied research proposals and efforts to be identified.


                                                TOP SliC'RliT/tKONA BLWi.t/>JO:FOR:N
                                  IIA~,DLE ¥IA SPECIA:L l.:CCESS CIIA'NNElsS ONL¥

                lh,• US. o .,pJrtt11ent nf llom@IJnd Security torn, l i• JClo.nuwledgeJ •.tit~ •pon,nrntlhi, work ~ l'Rf..OF.CISIONAI DRAFl - 00 NOT RF.IF.ASE        8
                                                                                                                                                                 DHS-003-6-0002/11
                                                                UNCLASSIFIED                                                                                            Copy1ot1
                                                                                                                                                                       Pllge9of15
                                                                                                                                                                                     I
(U) Next Steps:


• U/SST recommendation
• SAPOC member pre-briefs
• SAPOC decision briefing


          The U.S. D~p.,rtment uf Homt-l•nJ So:curity (OHS I is d,i<nowl•dged JS lhl.' spon!<Or of ltus work - PRl'-D!!CISIONAL DR,\ff - 1>0 NO r lllil EASF.
                                                                                                                                                                     9
                                                       UNCLASSIFIED                                                                                             DHS-003-6-0002/11
                                                                                                                                                                       Copy lofl
                                                                                                                                                                     Page lOoflS
                                                                                                                                       Home•


                                                   Back up


n.~ US. O..p,rtnw,t o( I lom•l•nd S«uriry IOIIS liHcknowlcdg~d ,s thupo11,orof this worl. - l'R£-0ECISIONAL DR.\FT - DO NOT lthllASf
                                                                                                                                                 10
                                                                                                                                           DHS-003-6..()0()2/11
                                            UNCLASSIFIED                                                                                           Copylofl
                                                                                                                                                 Page 11of15
                                                                    UNCLASSIFIED
                                                                                                                                                                        Home•


Points of Discussion:
•   Funding Amount/Delivery- Bob H/Mike A discussions; FY12: $12M; FY13: $25M
•   Contracts
• sow
•   Facilities:
•   SCIF: planner? Size? Location? Amt of use? opn'l configuration?
•   SCIF accreditation in LV; Locations?
•   Personnel: cover, ci prog
•   DHS (*+1 detailee) What a.r e the requirements? How funded?
•   Other: security classification guide
•   NCR/Other
•   Equipment_- comms/IT


                        Th~ U.S. Oe1•Jrt.t1w11t nf Homt1ldnd Securilv !OBS ) is .ic~nowlL-dged .is lh<' spon!!Or of this work - !'RE-DECISION Al ORA ff - 00 NOT Rl:LEASE.
                                                                                                                                                                                    11
                                                                                                                                                                                DHS-003-6-0002/11
                                                               UNCLASSIFIED                                                                                                              Copy1of1
                                                                                                                                                                                     Page12of 1S
Authorities

Technology Readiness Assessment Process. Section 308 (USC 188) an amendment adding:
  (d) Technical Risk Assessment Process
  (1) In General. The


                                        TOP SEC:R:ET/JKONA 8LUEN~i0f0RN

                 Th~ U.S. Oep~rtntefll of HomelJnd S<?curity IOHS J i9 ~knowl~dged JS the spunour ul this wnrl, - rRE·OECISIONAL DRAFT - OU NOl !ll:l EASE
                                                                                                                                                                  12
                                                      UNCLASSIFIED                                                                                           DHS-003-6-0002/11
                                                                                                                                                                    Copy 1of1
                                                                                                                                                                  ~e13of15
(                                                                         (

    II11. p;J DL Ei V'rl 1:ti SPECl2i l t :C
       A


                                                                   n
                                                             Advanced Tech
                                                                 Center


                                                                   13
                                               CompanyY
                                                          Conaciousness Center


                                                                    "
                                                            Integration Center


                                                                                   13
                                                                              DHS-003-6-0002/U
                                                                                     Copylofl
                                                                                  Paae14ofts
(                                                 UNC~ASSIFIED                                                                                           {
                              TOP SECR:EiTHl(ONA BlUEh'P.fOFORf'd'


                                                                                                  Research
                                                                                                  Council


                                                                               <-----!J
                                                                                                                                                n
                                                                                                                                       AdnaceclTedl
                                                                                                                                             Cealer


                                                                                                                                               13

                                                                                                                                  Comdoa111a1 Center


                                                                                                                                                 ...


    Homeland
    Security
           1 h<> US Otp.irtnwnt nf llom~l•nd S1.-curity IOll!i I is •dnowlrdged .as lhe sponwt ol this wlltk - PRE-DECISIONAi DRAFT - DO NOl REI fAS E
                                                                                                                                                             1 ,t

                                                                                                                                                         DHS-OOH-0002/ 11
                                                UNCLASSIFIED                                                                                                        Copylofl I
                                                                                                                                                               Pa&e 1Sof15
                                           UNCLASSIFIED
               _ __...,.
                      T~Of'-SECR£THKON~8bUE,4NOfOA~
               --IIANBLE ¥ 1ttr•5 PECl1'rt ,i\-EC68S 91A:NNii,L S Q~LV-
    The following information is presented in accordance with the guidelines contained in
    Appendix 1 ofDHS Instruction 140-04-001, Special Access Program Implementation,
    08/13/2009

    Question 1. Program Description (Key program objectives/milestones)
    The Advanced Technology Threat Program will consist of seven operational centers:

          1.   Data Collection Center
          2.   Data Analysis Center                 Declassified by: Richard D. McComb
          3.   Advanced Technology Center           OHS, Chief Security Officer
          4.   Experimental Centers                 Declassified on: 20230718
          5.   Consciousness Center
          6.   Medical Center
          7.   Education Center
    Overall key program objectives and milestones for each center are as follows:

          •    Data Collection Center
               - Develop Internet-based site(s) for advanced aerospace vehicle reporting
               - Expand existing data warehouse (200,000 reports)
                  Deploy in-house investigators on select cases
               - Operate liaison center for cooperation with state, local, tribal police, and FBI

          • Data Analysis Center
            - Coordination center (hub) of all other centers
            - Maintain in-house technical, computational, and laboratory facilities capable of
               physics, chemistry, biology, and engineering analyses

          •    Advanced Technology Center
               - Analyze recovered technology in collaboration with major aerospace and electronics
                  Companies
               - Set up protocols for obtaining access to materials newly acquired
               - Operate an assessment team consisting ofthe best scientists and engineers available
                 to the government
               - Collect retirees' oral histories on recovered technology and present location


-   Classified By: Under Secretary for Science & Technology (OCA)
    Class Reason: 1.4 (e)
    Declass On: 20360425
       - - - -T
              ...
               OP-SECM'frflt ONA BhtiEMNOf OltN
                                                                                  DHS-003-6-0006/ I l
                                                                                      Copy t of I


      -        HAt~9bE. ¥ IA ~PECIAb A:CCSS£CJIANNE~9 N~
                                                                                                        DHS-003-6-ooo&/ll
                                                                                                              Copylof 1
                                             UNCLASSIFIED                                                     Pagel Of 17
                            UNCLASSIFIED
                 'FOf SECRE'fNl(ONA BLUENNOPORN
            IIANBLE '/IA SPl5CIAL hCCESS CHANN~LS Ot>JbY

            • Experimental Centers

        Determine geographical locations within the U.S. where anomalous activity occurs on a•
           Experimental Centers
           - Detennine geographical locations within the U.S. where anomalous activity occurs on a
              regular basis
           - Subject at least two ofthe best locations to intense sensor and human obsetvation study
              while monitoring activity at others

        •   Consciousness Center
            - Expand on remote viewing and remote communication to communicate, retrieve data,
               and transport across dimensional/space-time barrier
            - Develop remote viewing countenneasures
            - Study consciousness interactions with, and control of, technology

    •   Medical Center
           - Study physiological and psychological effects of interaction with vehicles and
               anomalous phenomena

    •   Education Center
           - Develop volunteer corps (expenses reimbursed) to support the collection efforts of the
               Data Collection Center
           - Continue to maintain the world's largest libraries on advanced aerospace vehicles and
               associated phenomena


    Question 2

    2. Justification for Need

        a) Remote vision, remote communication, and de/re-materialization techniques to
    observe, communicate, retrieve data, and transfer matter across dimensional and space-
    time barriers will undoubtedly be of an utmost interest if not a top collection priority for
    adversarial intelligence/security services. Countenneasures against such techniques would
    also be a collection priority.
        b) Recovered AA V technology exists in and is accessible only within a SAP construct.

-                                     UNCLASSIFIED
                 TQP ~~CRET:<IK;Ql)AJA. IJbUEt/cNOFOHN
                                                                                                      2


            IIAN8bE VIA BP6Cll.L ACCESS CHANNELS ONLY
                                                                                                      DHS-003-6-0006/ 11
                                                                                                             Copy 1 of 1
                                                                                                            Page 2 of17
                                        UNCLASSIFIED
                        TOP SECRIJTh'ltONA HbUEh'NOFOAN

-             IIANBLE VIA SPtJCIAL ACCESS CHANNELS ONLY

        c) Retrieval and integration of historical data from high value personnel with
    knowledge of recovered AA V technology and present location of recovered material is
    accessible only within a SAP construct.

           d) Undue attention by other United States government, or private sector entities, not
    involved with the program, or any international interest, will directly or indirectly
    interfere with the daily program mission and perhaps threaten the overall success of the
    program.

        e) Due to the highly specialized nature of the program, overt acknowledgement of
    personnel involved in the program will lead to unnecessary security risks.

        f) Without the appropriate SAP protection, the cost associated with a compromise of
    specific features of this program, namely those in a) and b), would result in grave
    consequences, perhaps irreversible, to the security of the United States.


-   Question 3

    TDD
                      Budget Proposal


    Question 4      Total Number of Personnel to be Accessed
    Fifteen

    Question 5

    Significant program events, milestones, and goals for FY 2012-2013 are m follows:

    Introduction

    The following is a broad Program structure to address the Advanced Aerospace Vehicle (AAV)
    problem with regard to potential threat. The structure consists of two primary components, or
    Centers:

    (l) an Advanced Technology Center that addresses evaluation and exploitation of
    advanced technological hardware and associated documentation obtained to date
    and,

                                                                                                   3
                       TOP 8ECRl3THK:0:NA 8bUE,'fNOFORN

                                                                                                    DHS-003~-0006/11
                                                                                                          Copylofl
                                        UNCLASSIFIED                                                     Page3of l7
                               UNCLASSIFIED
                     TOP S:EsCRJ;';T/fKONA IJbU~il/~OFOR~
           HA:NDLE VIA SPEClt\L ACC~~~ CHANNiLS Ol)lLY

(2) an Experimental Centers effort to address the gathering of further data
concerning AAV and related anomalous phenomena from specific geographical
sites on the basis of site-monitoring.

In support of this proposed two-pronged focus, a number of additional Centers are required:

•          Data CoJlection Center

•          Data Analysis Center

•          Consciousness Center

•          Medical Center

•          Education Center


1. Oat.a Collection Center

•   Develop Internet-based site(s) for advanced aerospace vehicle (AAV) reporting.


•   Expand the current data warehouse (which currently comprises 11 separate
databases with over 200,000 AAV reports, the vast majority of which occurred
after 1947) by expanding case numbers within each of the eleven databases.


• Utilize multiple teams of in-house investigators to investigate eye witness
cases involving AAV technology with the following criteria: (a) more than one
eyewitness (b) less than 600 feet from witness (c) physical evidence (traces on
ground/vegetation), (d) electromagnetic effects, (e) physiological/pathological
effects.

• Expand the investigative equipment inventory necessary to fully equip
expanded investigative teams. (The in-house equipment inventory will be
itemized upon request).


                                                                                              4
                TOP S~CRt;TI.tKONA RLU~#NOFOR.N
           IIANDLE J/IA SPECIAL ACCESS CHANNELS ONL"i
                                                                                              DHS-003-6-0006/ll
                                    UNCLASSIFIED                                                     Copylofl
                                                                                                    Page4 ofl7
                           UNCLASSIFIED
                   TOP SECRETHl(ONA BLUEHHOFORN
        IIAN9LE 1/12' SPECIAL kCCE55 CIIANHELS OHL¥

• Utilize selected investigations from other professional groups with
experience in AAV investigations. This wil1 increase data collection coverage of
these events in the United States.

• Expand liaison center with rural law enforcement (highway patrol, sheriff
departments, police departments), US Coastguard (under DHS auspices), US
border surveillance (under DHS auspices), US Fish and Wildlife Service
(under Department of Interior), Park Game wardens (under National Parle
Service) and Federal Aviation Administration (current system includes all air
traffic control and commerciaVprivate aircraft pilots).

Deliverables:

• Internet-site and master data warehouse.

2. Data Analysis Center


• Upgrade the database analysis capabilities to maximize "searchability",
pattern detennination, and predictive analyses.

• Expand in-house photographic analysis capabilities (also including, but not
limited to, Forward Looking InfraRed (FLIR) analysis).

• Maintain technical, computational, and laboratory facilities capable of physics,
chemistry, biology, and engineering (electrical, materials, nuclear, etc.) analyses.

• Data analysis exchange with AFOSI. Discuss joint collection and analysis of:


1. Historical and recent cockpit recordings and ECM recordings from Air Force,
Navy, Marine, and Anny.

2. Records, reports, raw data and threat analyses pertaining to (but not
limited to): advanced aerospace vehicle tracking by any agency or anned

                                                                                       5
             TOP SECRE'f'b'KONA BLUENNOFORN
        IIANBLE VIA SPECIAL A:CCESS CHANNELS ONLY
                                                                                       DHS-003-6--0006/11
                                     UNCLASSIFIED                                             Copylofl
                                                                                             Page Sof 17
                                        UNCLASSIFIED
                      TOP SECRETHK:ONA HbUEli'NOli=OAN
            IIA:NBLE \'IA SPECIAL ACCESS CHAN~EL~ O:NLY

    service within CONUS, all data from Low Earth Orbit (LEO), Lunar and Mars
    associated data (both historical and contemporary) from NASA, satellite
    data on unknown targets from NRO, other uncorrelated imagery data from
    NGIA, trajectory tracks of uncorrelated targets fromNORAD/NORTHCOM/MIT
    Lincoln Labs etc., radar track records of uncorrelated targets from FAA and all
    data (historical and contemporary) pertaining to interactions/sightings of
    advanced aerospace vehicles at missile sites, nuclear weapons storage facilities,
    and at Air Force bases in CONUS.

    3. Advanced aerospace technology activity/behavior in other countries,
    particularly Canada, Mexico, and the Caribbean.


    Deliverables:

        • Monthly case reports and analyses. Special reports on historical data analyses.

    3. Advanced Tedmology Center
    The mission of the Advanced Technology Center is to establish a comprehensive
    program:

       •   First to gain access to and inventory all existing caches of Advanced
           Aerospace Vehicle (AAV) materials and documentation within CONUS,
           whether residing in archive storage or under active program
           investigation in National Laboratories, government organizations
           and/or contractors;

       •   Secondarily to set up protocols for obtaining access to materials
           newly acquired from sources both domestic and foreign;

       •   Finally, a program of evaluation based on the best of modem
           technological assessment teams and tools.

    A dedicated management team will be set up to guide and oversee program actions:

-                                                                                           6
               TOP SECRETNKONA 8bUEiHNOFORN
           HANBLE \'IA §PE€1AL A€€E§§ CHANNELS ONLY
                                                                                            DHS-003-&-0006/11
                                       UNCLASSIFIED                                                Copy1of1
                                                                                                  Page6of17
                                     UNCLASSIFIED
                   'fOP SECRETHl(ONA BbUEh'NOFORN


    •   An in-house staff to perfonn technical assessment and analysis of both
        hardware and documentation will be established.

    • Well-equipped, secure storage and laboratory facilities will be
      provided for in-house investigation and evaluation activities.

    • In addition to in-house technical efforts, a program will be established to
      harness the talents of specialists with required expertise on an as-needed
        basis via both the use of in-house sabbaticaJs and outsourcing of
        subcontracts. Of special interest in this category is contact with military
        personnel and contractors presently (or retirees previously) involved in
        AAV evaluation programs.

    •   A full-time support staff to administer and expedite the above
        requirements will be established.

Deliverables:


    •   An inventory of AAV hardware, materials and documentation suitable for
        archiving under appropriate security conditions in a database format will
        be established.

    • Based on the identification of, and negotiation with, present
      holders/stewards of AAV hardware, materials and documentation,
      governmental or privatized, protocols for information sharing and
      access will be developed.

    • While the above infrastructure is being established, teams of
      investigators will begin a process to prioritize 'low-hanging fruit' vs.
      'long-range potentia1s' with regard to possible disruptive-technology
      exploitation and/or threat potential, in the hands of a potential
      adversary, with assessment reports provided.

    • Based on the asse5sment process, a number of actions will be set in
      motion:

                                                                                      7
                   TOP 6ECRETHKONA BLUISi'fNOFORN
        HAN9L6 VIA SPECIAL 2t.:CCE§S CHANNELS ONLY
                                     UNCLASSIFIED                                     DHS-003-6-0006/11
                                                                                             Copy1of1
                                                                                            Pa1e7of 17
                                     UNCLASSIFIED
                   TOP SECRETHKONA BLU6NNOFORP,..
        HANDLE '(IA SP"ECIAL ACCESS CHANNELS ONLY

    (1) Where relevant, updated (re)examination of materials with the best of
        forensic technologies now available will be pursued, either in-house or at appropriate
        facilities under appropriate security.

    (2) Based on identification of possible advanced technological
        processes being exploited, experts with the relevant expertise will be
        engaged to provide useful evaluative input, either indirectly on the
       basis of being asked to generate position or research papers on the
       forefront aspects of the (apparent) identified technology (including best-
       guess extrapolation to potential future developments), or directly by
       exposure to, and examination of, the materials or technological
       processes involved. Either could involve re-engagement of entities
       previously involved in earlier programs to assess such materials and
       technologies.

   (3) Where deemed potentially of merit, in-house or outsourced
       laboratory experimentation will be initiated to explore as-yet-unidentified
       characteristics and functions of AA V materials and devices in the
       inventory, and results reported.

   (4) Supplemental to (3) above, additional experimentation will be
       undertaken, in-house or outsourced. to test various hypotheses that
       emerge from examination of AA V materials and docwnents, medical
       studies ofinjuries, and AAV sighting reports, and results reported.

   (5) Enhance investigations to pursue attempts by foreign countries (particularly China/Russia) in
       developing advanced technology breakthroughs from recovered technology items. Develop
       threat assessment based on this information.

In support of the above activities, a well-structured Oral History Initiative will be undertaken
both to compile a dense database of information acquired to date, and to assist in identifying
additional sources for information acquisition, whether it be the identity of individuals,
contractors or government units and activities, foreign as well as domestic.


Over past decades a nwnber of high-level individuals in the military, intelligence, and even
                                                                                                   8
                   TQP iECRET3/IGONA BblJE;,tR)tOf:ORN
        IIA:NQbS Vh~ SPSCJ2t.L ACCESS CHANNELS ONL'l
                                                                                                   DHS-003-6-0006/11
                                    UNCLASSIFIED                                                         Copyl of 1
                                                                                                         Page8 of 17
                                      UNCLASSIFIED
                    'fOP SECRET/fl{ONA BLUEHNOPORN
        IIANBLE ,r1A SPECIAL ACCESS CHANNELS ONLY

political sectors of our government have had various level of exposure/access to this subject area.
This has included agency directors, members of the JCS and very senior individuals in the Executive
Branch. To this can be added certain foreign heads of state, as well as select members of the
gov.ernment contractor community in the electronics and aerospace sectors. Oral histories from
individuals of the caliber referenced above are critical to this mission.

      • Data collection from an already identified and calibrated list of retired, previously
      highly placed government, armed services, contractor and intelligence community
      individuals. The oral history project will include gathering all information pertaining to
      the location of advanced aerospace technology and biological samples, including records,
      files, reports, photographs, as well as physical Sl;ill1Ples.

4. Experimental Centers

A well-studied experimental location exists that has been researched for approximately 15
years. The intent is to subject at least two other locations to the same intensive study as the
primary location.

The mission of the Experimental Centers is to establish a comprehensive program that:

•     Initiating development of a catalog of geographical locations within the U.S.
(including the aquatic and space environments) where Advanced Aerospace Vehicle
(AAV) and related anomalous activity occur with a level of repeatability that
merits consideration for site-monitoring studies.

•     Assembly and deployment of suites of sensor components and
instrumentation capable of providing all-band detection and recording of
environmental variables at the sites of interest. Land-based examples would
include such technical monitoring as registration of atmospheric conditions,
acoustic background, electromagnetic field activity, broadband radiation
including IR, visible, and UV portions of the spectrum, gravitational
perturbation signals, radiation readings and ground traces, and so forth.
Furthermore, where relevant, inputs from regional radar and satellite imagery are
to be included.

                                                                                                   9
              TOP SECRET/R<ONl. 8bUE,1/NOFORN
        IIA'NOLE VIA SPECIAL ACCBSS CIMNNELS ONb't
                                                                                                   OHS-003-6-0006/11
                                       UNCLASSIFIED                                                      Copy1 of1
                                                                                                         Page9of 17
                                     UNCLASSIFIED
                   TOP 86CR6TMK:ONA 8LU1!,,'JNOl10RPI
        HA:NBLE VIA SPECIAL 1\CC6SS Cll/iNNELS ONLY

•     In addition, biosensors, especially human observation and detection in all
perception formats, constitute a key ingredient of the overall observational menu of
activity and are therefore to be integrated.

•     Multiple biological samples will be collected from these locations and subjected
to genetic, biochemical, toxicology, material science, and other analyses.

•    Finally, a program of evaluation based on the best of modem assessment tools
and personnel is to be applied.

A dedicated management team will be set up to guide and oversee program actions:

•    Sensor components and instrumentation for site-monitoring activities will be
completely calibrated. tested and characterized in advance of deployment, and
personnel assigned to site-monitoring activities will be trained in their use.

•      Given past evidence of human psychophysiological observation/detection
in all fonns, what might be labeled integrative perception, such perception constitutes
a major component of the detection and registration of anomalous as well as mundane
signals -thus the use of human observers as 'biosensors' will be incorporated as a major
component of the overall site-monitoring efforts; of some interest is whether
individuals exposed to phenomena at site locations experience continuing effects
as they relocate away from the sites under observation.

•    Where necessary, security guards will be deployed to monitor and protect
observation sites.

•    Data analysis center staffwill perform technical assessment and analysis ofsite
infonnation gathered.

•     In addition to in-house-generated site-monitoring and evaluation efforts, a
program component will be established to harness the talents of specialists with
useful expertise on an as-needed basis via both the use of in-house sabbaticals and
outsourcing ofsubcontracts.


                                                                                           10
              TOP SECRET#l!EONA. 8LUE1tNOFORN
        lilANQbli l./lA SPl:CIAL ltCCl3SS CHANNELS ONL\'
                                                                                           DHS-003-6-0006/11
                                     UNCLASSIFIED                                                 Copylofl
                                                                                                Page lOof 17
                              UNCLASSIFIED
                       TOPSECM6Tff~ONABLU6HNO~ORN


    •   If possible, results obtained by other research groups or centers, foreign and
    domestic, will be evaluated and integrated into the information flow.

    •     A full-time support staff to administer and expedite the above requirements will
    be established.

    Deliverables:

    •    A continuously-updated, detailed compilation of site-monitoring activities,
    observations, results and analyses in the form of documentation suitable for
    archiving in a database fonnat will be established.

    •     Separate from technical-measurement reports, detailed logs/oraJ histories
    transcribed from notes or interviews of human observers engaging the AAV
    phenomena in any modality will be collected and entered into the database.

    •     Based on identification of, and negotiation with, present stakeholders for the type
    of information being developed, governmental or privatized, protocols for
    information sharing and access will be developed. A critical example will be sharing
    of data on field measurements with the Medical Center component of the overall
    program to assist in their assessment of causes of medical injury resulting from near-
    field exposure to the AAV phenomena under study.

    •     As results emerge from the above activities, an analysis team will focus on
    assessing specifically the potential disruptive-technology exploitation and/or threat
    nature of what is being observed, if in the hands of (and under the control of) a
    potential adversary, and assessment reports provided.

    Based on the assessment process,. a nwnber of actions will be set in motion:

    (l) Where required, continually-updated suites of instrumentation with the best of
    forensic technologies available will be deployed at monitoring sites under
    appropriate security and protection.

    (2) In addition, continually-updated protocols for human observation strategies will be
-                TOP SECRETHl(ONA BbUE/iNOFORN
                                                                                                11


            IIANBbE \ZIA SPECIAL ACCESS CHANNELS ONLY
                                                                                                 DHS-003-o-0006/11
                                         UNCLASSIFIED                                                  Copylofl
                                                                                                     Page11of17
                           UNCLASSIFIED
                   TOP SEC~TJ/1'.zONA 8LUE:4'NOfORN
        Hl:N9LE 1lli\ SPl5CIAL !,CCESS CHANNIBLS O:NLY

implemented as well.

(3) Based on identification of possible advanced technological (including
psychophysical) processes being observed, experts with relevant expertise will be
engaged to provide useful evaluative inpu4 either indirectly on the basis of being
asked to generate position papers on the forefront aspects of the (apparent) identified
processes (including best-guess extrapolation to potential future developments), or
directly by exposure to, and examination of, the infonnation generated concerning
the processes involved.

(4) Where deemed potentially of merit. in-house or outsourced laboratory experimentation
will be initiated to explore on an independent basis hypotheses generated by the infonnation in
hand. and results reported.

In support of the above activities, a welJ-structured Oral History Initiative will be lllldertaken
similar to that described above, both to compile a dense database of information acquired to
date, and to assist in identifying additional sources for information acquisition concerning
possible experimental locations, whether it be individuals, groups, contractors or government
units and activities, foreign as well as domestic.

5. Consciousness Center


The Consciousness Center manages the acquisition, training, and utilization of remote viewers
and communicators. These unorthodox techniques may prove to be critical collection methods
for supplementing efforts within the Data Collection, Advanced Technology, and, especially,
the Experimental and Medical Centers.


•    Develop training and quality assessment program for consciousness studies.

•    Conduct assessments both remotely and on-site.

•    Conduct assessments with both experts in field and newly trained
personnel.

                                                                                                     12
           TOP ~ECAETN"ONA HbUE,'R'tOFORN
       HANQLI; VIA SP6Cll:L A:€€13§§ CIIA:NNELS ONLY
                                                                                                     DHS-003-6-0006/11
                                     UNCLASSIFIED                                                          Copy 1 of 1
                                                                                                          Page 12of 17
                              UNCLASSIFIED
                      TOP SECR£Th'ltONA HLU~,t,,NOFO~N
-
    •     As an initial study, focus capabilities on all known hot spots (locations
    with repeated/frequent reports of activity).

    •    Extend remote communication programs to communicate and retrieve data
    across dimensional/space-time barrier.

    •    Develop remote viewing and remote communication countenneasures.

    •     Study consciousness interactions with, and control of, technology.

    •     Conduct experiments to determine baseline parameters for physical
    transport across dimensional/space-time barrier (as opposed to communication
    and data transfer only).

    Deliverables:


-   •     Experimental results and assessment reports will be produced on each
    separate activity. Results and reports will be maintained separate from other data
    reports.

    6. Medical Center

    • Create comprehensive database on all physiological and medical effects of
    advanced aerospace vehicles (AAVs) within the United States. The database will
    have pattern analysis and correlative capabilities.

    • Create rapid response team of in-house physician-scientist personnel that,
    under the supervision of contract physician and deputy administrator, can rapidly
    conduct MRI (3 Tesla) scans, rapidly conduct appropriate blood tests (chemistry,
    hematology, toxicology, immooe system), genetic tests (including tissue biopsies,
    blood sampling), cytogenetic analysis and full forensic internal medicine
    diagnostic procedures and integrate the data into a "big picture" description of
    the putative aerospace vehicle associated injury. Since to date, some evidence
    points to non-ionizing (EM) radiation associated injuries, emphasis will be on
    rapid reaction and timely sampling utilizing the above described and other
    appropriate tests.
                                                                                         13


           HA~QLfS VIA SPl;CIA1L A:CCtSS CIIA:NHELS ONbV
                                                                                         DHS--003-6-0006/11
                                       UNCLASSIFIED                                             Copy loft
                                                                                              Page 13 of 17
                          UNCLASSIFIED
                  TOP SECRET#k:O'Nlz HLUEIINOFORN
       HANQLI, VlA SPECIAL !,CCESS CWJ..Nl)+ELS O~LY

• The rapid response medical team as described above will also monitor and test
family members in the aftennath of AAV interactions.

• An in-house PhD psychologist will conduct appropriate cognitive and other
tests on individuals involved in the Medical Center research. This will include but
will not be limited to: (a) individuals who have had experiences on any of the
properties described in Experimental Centers above, (b) individuals who have had
close encounters with AA Vs with physiological/medical effects, and (c) family
members of either of these groups who have reported subsequent
physiological/medical effects.

• The medical team will be responsible for continuous monitoring of personnel
and their family members deployed on experimental facilities.

• Expand and reconfigure current preliminary correlation project between
known AAV associated injuries / physiological effects and ICD-9 subtypes.

• Create the internal infrastructure, organization and personnel as well as
contract research experts to handle, examine and research unusual and unique
biological specimens at the forensic, anatomic, physiological, biochemical, and
genetic levels. Such data also will be systematized and integrated.

• Infrastructure "'ill conform to all HIPAA and human subjects regulations as
they pertain to the above Medical Center objectives.

• Create comprehensive database on physiological and medical effects of
advanced aerospace vehicles in other countries. The database will have advanced
pattern analysis and correlative capabilities.

Deliverables:

(I)   The databases.

(2) Utilizing the database, a small team of medico-analysts under the direction of
the chief physician and the deputy administrator that will organize the data into a
                                                                                      14

                  TOP ~lsCRl!sTl.'1'0~1.t IJLIJIM~Oli'OR~

                                                                                       DHS-003-6-0006/11
                                    UNCLASSIFIED                                              Copylof 1
                                                                                            Pa1e 14of17
                                      UNCLASSIFIED
                    TOP SECR£Th'KONA BbUEflNOFOllN


threat analysis based on medical findings including but not limited to: (a) deaths and
injuries as a result of interaction with advanced aerospace vehicles, (b) medical
injuries as a result of other anomalies, (c) collateral injuries/physiological effects to
family members.

7. Education Center


To enhance Data Collection Center capabilities, volunteers can be recruited and trained to
assist.


•     The Education Center will provide in-house investigative training to these
volunteers.

•     These volunteers can provide initial data collection capability within their
state or immediately adjacent states.

•     As needed, these volunteers can also assist the in-house investigative teams
for operations conducted in their local area, plus provide an in-depth knowledge
resource of events also occurring nearby.

•     Expenses incurred by these volunteers, such as use of personal autos, car
rental, hotels, food, etc., would be reimbursed. Additional expenses incurred to
attend in-house training, such as plane fare, would also be reimbursed.

•     1bis large (> 100) volunteer corps would greatly enhance Data Collection
Center perfonnance.

•     The Education Center could also provide supplemental training for the
conducting of collection seminars at local libraries and colJeges by these
volunteers.

•     The Education Center is also responsible for maintaining the world's largest
libraries on AAV technology and associated phenomena. On a case-by-case basis,
                                                                                             15
                TOP 81isCRETi4'K:ONA BLUENNOl'ORN
          W,A.NOls~ VIA gpE,CIAL 2t:.1CC1sgg CIIAHNE,LS ONLY
                                                                                             DHS-003-6.()()06/11
                                        UNCLASSIFIED                                                Copy1 of1
                                                                                                   Page 15 of17
                            UNCLASSIFIED
                   TOP SECR:ETh'l1cONA BLUB,'s'NOFOR~


these libraries may be made available to the academic community for reference
material in the writing of a master's thesis or doctoral dissertation.

Question 6


Question 7

    A new five building (small 1 and 2 story) complex in Las Vegas, NV is available.
One building in the complex is a five-thousand square foot building containing a 1250
square foot area (2 rooms) in the latter stages of SCIF accreditation. Another building is
outfitted as a five-thousand square foot laboratory. The building complex is owned by
                   nd has never been occupied.

    A single two story building in Las Vegas, NV is available for the use of the Data
Collection Center and the Educational Center. One room is certified for TS storage by DSS.
The building is owned by                  and is currently unoccupied.

    A four hundred eighty~acre research property in Utah with a fifteen year history of
intensive anomalous activity is owned by ~                  he property is under 24/7
armed guard.


Question 8. Proposed Classification Guidance
TBD

Question 9. Security Policies and Procedures
TBD

Question 10. Relationship to Other SAPs/MOU/MOA
TBD

Question 11. Certification that SAP will be conducted in conformance with all applicable
laws, etc.


Question 12. Certification the SAP does not conflict with any mission responsibility of
                                                                                             16


       W!.. NQL~ VIA ~PECIAL hCC~S8 CHANN~LS ONLY
                                                                                              DHS.003-6-0006/11
                                     UNCLASSIFIED                                                    Copy 1 ofl
                                                                                                   Page 16of 17
                                  UNCLASSIFIED


    DHS


    13. Two Word Designator for the Program
    KONABLUE

    14. Identification of the Gov't Program Manager and Program Security Officer

       TBD


-                   TOP SECRET1L/lfeO~A RbUE,4'NOFO:RN
                                                                                   17


          IIAJ)rl~b6 >/IA SPECIAL ACCE88 CIIANNELS ONLY
                                                                                   DHS-003-6-0006/11
                                   UNCLASSIFIED                                           Copy 1 of 1
                                                                                        Page 17of 17
                         UNCLASSIFIED


DHS S&T 2011 Meetin s:           Attendance
6/10/2011
6/17 2011


6/24/2011
6/27/2011
7/19/2011
7/21/2011
8/1/2011


9/30/2011


10/31/2011


                          UNCLASSIFIED
                                                  UNCLASSIFIED

~
·Jnventory                                        ·oerived From   ·Date
    DIA ContraGt Book                             DIA                     6/10/2011
    DIA Congressional Lari uage Book                                      6/10/2011
    DIA oe.i.i~er.ables.1-38 Papers
    48 Pa ~ P.ro.posal
                                                                          8/l.'2;/2011
                                                                           8/14i2011
                                                                           9/i2/2011
                                                                          '9/23/2011
    PrQgram •Brief                                                    101~1/2011
    4 • a·ffe Con'densed .P.ro'i:1osal Reformat                       ll/1'8/2011


                                                   UNCLASSIFIED
                                          UNCLASSIFIED
                      - - -~     8'EER.E1l¾~'IC8PcA·DLUE.';<,iOFOll'1
                      IIANAbE l.ZIA ~Pli.iCIAls .:ti.GCiii CU :t ~il.51 Q~11 Y
                                                                           U.S. Dcpartmau of HoR1ellad Security
                                                                           Wasbingtm, DC 20528
    Declassified by: Richard D. McCorrt>
    OHS, Chief Security Officer
    Declassified on: 20230718                                    5
                                                                  ...~~ HomeIan
                                                                              d
                                              July 11. 2011
                                                                •a Security
    MEMORANDUM FOR:               Dr. Tara O' oole, Under Secretary for Science & Technology
                                                    l\
    FROM:                                          1rector, Special Projects Office
                                        ,.
    SUBJECT:                        stablishment of a OHS Science & Technology "Prospective:
                                  Special Access Program (PSAP)" (U)

    REFERENCE:                    DHS Instruction Number 140-04-001, Special Access Program
                                  Implementation, 08/13/2009

    (J:8,','iell(Jf~ In accordance with authority provided to you by reference above and in
    coordination with the Special Access Program Control Office (SAPCO), I am requesting that
    you, as an Original Classification Authority, approve the creation of KONA BLUE as a OHS
    Science & Technology Prospective Special Access Program. The purpose of KONA BLUE is to
    investigate, identify and analyze sensitive advanced materials and technologies and to assess

-   potential emerging and/or disruptive scientific and technical data necessary in support of national
    security.

    (~IJlal,C,QtW) Your approval will: 1) appoint myself as program manager for the KONA BLUE
    Special Access Program; 2) require me to prepare, in coordination with the SAPCO, the
    documentation listed in Attachment I of the reference listed above and 3) require me, in
    coordination with the SAPCO, to develop KONA BLUE final approval documentation for
    presentation to the Special Access Program Oversight Committee (SAPOC) within 90 days of
    the date ofthis memorandum.


               ~ - c;·<:n.,I I .
                      ~ ~ Disapprove/date_ __ _ _ __ _ __
    Approve/date/'• - -


    Modify/date_ _ __ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Needs discussion/date_ _ _ _ _ __ _


                    '"--~a;_
    Coordination: SAPCci~~                         Date-      ///7         /l/_ __
                                                            --C.-,-#--""-IJ....._    _   _ __      _   _


-   Classified By: Under Secretary for Science & Technology (OCA)
    Class Reason: 1.4 (e)
                                                                                     DHS-003-6-0001/11
                                                                                            Copy 1 of I
    Declass On: 20360425                                                                         1 Page

                               'f8P 8t!t:M:'f/fKOPlf/\.-M!tt£f1NOPORN
                       U4all>&,E HI ♦ ~Pl!iQiAli. t '°''lti§ Ci.II t>llilLi Ol'l h ¥
                                             UNCLASSIFIED
                    - - --fflfl 9E0RET9>'tt6t4ilc !ltttE/IF40fi0ftN
                    -+IAHDEE ¥1K&P EG1i'-E•AGGE66 GHANflEl!&'ONl:¥-
                                                                                  U.S. Departmcat of Homeland Security
                                          UNCLASSIFIED                            Washing1on. DC 20528


Declassified by: Richard D. McComb                                 ,~r;., II.
OH S, Chief Security Officer
Declassified on: 20230718                                    ..            'l::
                                                                                  Homeland
                                                                       ~~
                                                                  q Not~          Security
                                          November 21 , 2011
                                                           -

MEMORANDUM FOR SPECIAL ACCESS PROGRAM OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE (SAPOC)

SUBJECT: Minutes of the November 21, 2011 SAPOC Meeting (U)

Attendees:

       SAPOC Membership
            Jane H. Lute - Chair
            Caryn Wagner - Under Secretary for I&A
            Rafael Borras - Under Secretary for Management
            Ivan Fong - General Counsel
            Gregory Marshall - Chief Security Officer
            Steven J. Cover - Chief, SAPCO (Executive Secretary)

       Special Access Program Control Office (SAPCO)
              Michael S. Zawasky, OSAPCO Program Security Officer
              Allen W. Olsen- OSAPCO, Program Security Officer

       Component SAP Representatives
            Dr. Tara O'Toole, Under Secretary for Science & Technology

Agenda

   •   Welcome
         - Opening Remarks - (S2)
         - S & T Request for Approval of KONA BLUE (~NK0r'i'UF)

Meeting Minutes

   •   (U) The meeting officially convened at 7:45am, November 21,201 I.
   •   (T8fi'KBi'>'Hfi' The Deputy Secretary opened the meeting with an explanation of what caused
       this meeting to occur with some sense of urgency which was the impending transfer of funds
       to OHS from Senators Reid and Leiberman to conduct the KONA BLUE program.
   •   (fS//K1'11;HP1 The entire meeting was devoted to the discussion of the KONA BLUE
       program and included round table discussions of the following major points of interest:

             o (=f,S,'i'KB,~~) Dr. O'Toole proceeded to discuss what she knew of the history of the
               KONA BLUE program while it was being conducted at DIA and discussed the
               technology as she knew it She also stated that the Senators were prepared to provide
               $10M for the execution of this program in the FY12 budget. Dr. o·Toole was asked
Classified By: OHS SCG SAP 000, 00/2000                                                           DHS-000-0000/1l
Declassify On: 20300000                                                                                Copy I of I
                                                                                                     2 Total Pages
                                          UNCLASSIFIED
                              T9P, 6 ECIU3ifult'li8~ Bts1!11s,11NOF8ttN
                      ll,ltN8 bF. 1t'h\ SPF!El>'tt .:ltt:t?~~!J t'ltA!(t! L5 lJNL I
                   IM:NBlsE! \'IA SPECIA:ls .irCCl!:Sfs ClhltNNEtS 8NL'a

             why the FBI specifically was not approached to do this program. She answered that
             FBI had no organic capability to do research & development in the scientific arena.
           o ( ~ ) The discussion then shifted to what the rationale was for makin the
             program a Special Access Pro ram. The General Counsel said


           o (~OUO) A brief discussion was also held concerning why DHS was selected to
            conduct this research. Dr. O'Toole explained that the Senators felt that the
             technologies involved effected the security of the United States and was more than
             worthy of further investigation. Dr. O'Toole explained that there is very serious
            science involved with this program and that she felt the US Government had the
            responsibility to continue its investigation. She further stated that if only a small
            portion of the research provided viable results for DHS application it would be worth
            it.
          o (9,'i'l(:D,'/HF~ A discussion concerning "collection" also occurred in which the U/S
            l&A felt that S&T didn't have the authority to conduct. The discussion centered
            around whether the KONA BLUE program is actually an intelligence program which
            DIA no longer had the authority to conduct per Executive Order 12333or whether the
            "collection" of information in this case was merely the assimilation of data provided
            willfully with the full knowledge, consent and understanding from those which
            provided the data. Data in the sense of the KONA BLUE program is neither covertly
            nor clandestinely collected as is the nonn in intelligence programs.
          o (B,','M,VNF) Finally the S2 tasked Dr. O'Toole and Mr. Cover with preparing a 5-10
            page paper that fully documents how we got to where we are now with the KONA
            BLUE program, it's provenance (history) while at DIA, and exactly what science
            would be researched that had applicability to the OHS mission. S2 is stilt not certain
            of what the "It" is in the program or otherwise what exactly we are researching. She
            also stated that some kind of formal request to OHS to accept this program and the
            associated funding would be very helpful.

Action Items

   •   Dr. O'Toole (U/S S&T) and Mr. Cover (DHS SAPCO) were tasked with preparing the paper
       discussed above as soon as possible.

   •   The meeting adjourned at 8:50am, November 21, 2011.


                                                                                   DHS-000-0000/1 1
                                                                                        Copy I of I
                                                                                        Page 2 of2


                          li9J> f,ECRET,'~fc9NA 8LUEY/f40130RN

                                    UNCLASSIFIED
                                                    UNCLASSIFIED


This document only contains pages 1, 10, 11, & 12 of 17   Declassified by: Richard 0 . McComb
as they are pertinenttothe Kona Blue PSAP. All other      OHS, Chief Security Officer
pages have been removed due to other program              Declassified on: 20230718
material.

                SPECIAL ACCESS PROGRAM CONTROL OFFICE
                              (SAPCO) (U)

                                         DECISION BRIEFING

                                                      for the

          SPECIAL ACCESS PROGRAM OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE
                           (SAPOC) (U)

                                             November 21, 2011


Classified By: Steven J. Cover, Chief, DHS SAPCO
Derived From: DHS SCG OS/SAP-002, Oct 2008
Declassify On: 20351103

                                                                                                DHS-002-0002/11
                                                    UNCLASSIFIED                                   Copy _of6
                                                                                                  17 Total Pages
                                   UNCLASSIFIED
                            SECRETI/KONA BLUEIINOFORN
                      HANDLE VIA SPECIAL ACCESS CHANNELS ONLY


                       S & T Request to SAPOC

                       Approval of KONA BLUE


~1~~\ Home an
 0~            I d HANDLE SECRETI/KONA  BLUEI/NOFORN
                          v1A sPEc1AL AccEss cHANNELs oNLY      DHS-002-0002/11
ia    t   Security                 uNcLAss1F1eo                   Copy_of6
                                                                   Page 10 of 17
                                             UNCLASSIFIED
                                   TOP SECRETJ/KONA BLUEIINOFORN
                               HANDLE \'IA SPECIAL ACCESS CHANNELS ONLY
                              KONA BLUE (TSl/KB//NF)
                                                                 CURRENT ISSUES/STATUS
                                                     • Need to finalize DHS SAP Finance System
                                                     • Need non-DHS SAP space for program office
                                                     • Need to accredit contractor spaces
                                                     • Need Comms equipment and dedicated IT
                                                        support
                                                     • Need to further identify Critical Program
                                                       Information (CPI)


                  PURPOSE                                      BUDGET $$ &SCHEDULE
• KONA BLUE is a DHS, Science & Technology           • Expected amount for funding expected to be 12 to
  UNACKNOWLEDGED O&S SAP                             15m
• To investigate, identify and potentially exploit
  sensitive advanced aerospace-related technology
  and to prevent disclosure of scientific,
  technical and engineering data vital to the US
• Program Manager Joel Wall, S & T, Special
  Programs Division

                                TOP SECRET#KONA BLUE-/JNOFORN
                                                                                           DHS-002-0002/11
                            HANDLE VIA SPECIAL ACCESS CHANNELS ONLY
                                                                                              Copy _ of6
                                            UNCLASSIFIED                                      Page 11 of 17
                               UNCLASSIFIED


       Pending Issues for KONA BLUE (S//KB//NF)


• Funding
    • Classified Line Item in CSO budget
    • USM has concurred in the need to establish a Business/Administrative
      SAP to handle primarily "unacknowledged" monies (e.g., KONA BLUE)

• Issues After Funding & Approval
     • Stand-up of an "off-site" program office
     • Personnel
         • Additional FTEs required. SAPCO expects to assign two security
           professionals (PSO-GS14 & APSO-GS9/12) full time to support
           this program
         • SAPCO has two personnel losses in the month of December
         • One additional FTE to support OSA/Cyber


                                                                    DHS-002-0002/11
                               UNCLASSIFIED                           Copy _ of6
                                                                       Page 12 of 17
                                                      UNCLASSIFIED
              ·SECREf-,'f➔-tAN01£~ SPE CIA!= AEEE65-EfiAN-NE~--9N~-
    Declassified by: Richard D. McComb, OHS, Chief Security Officer, Declassified 20230718
            Program History and Background of Advanced Aerospace Threat and Identification
    Program:
    (U) In May of 2008, Senators Reid, Inouye (HI), Stevens (AK) invited
    Program Manager with the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), to meet with them to express
    their interests to establish a research program plan involving 'exotic sciences•. In July of 2008,
    LTG Maples, Director of DIA, was briefed by Senator Reid to discuss a congressional add of
    $1 OM in startup funds for FY08 for the proposed effort. A Request for Proposal was issued by
    DIA and a contract was awarded to Bigelow Aerospace to research advanced aerospace threats
    and technologies. The focus of the contracted research was within 12 aerospace related areas.
    Deliverables to the two year contract, with a total funding of $22M, were 38 research papers, an
    active, searchable database (now with greater than 100,000+ entries), and numerous investigative
    cases of the observed anomalies; Senator Reid had also requested that the DIA contract effort
    provide confirmation of observed physical and psychological phenomenon by government
    personnel.

    (U) In June 2009, Senator Reid communicated to the former Deputy Secretary of Defense.
    William Lynn, a request to provide Restricted SAP read-on to the OJA program aspects
    involving the methodologies used to identify, acquire, study, and engineer any advanced
    technologies associated with the program; the allocation of personnel, support, and oversight;

-   and, engineering application. See Encl 2. Correspondence from Senator Reid to the Honorable
    William Lynn, Deputy Secretary of Defense, dated 24 June, 2009.

    (U) In a Oecember2009 meeting, LTG Burgess, Director of DIA and former DoD Deputy Sec.
    William Lynn communicated to Senator Reid that the DIA program could not be conducted by
    the Intelligence Community due to its potential gro\\#"th. In addition, per an (undated) Info
    Memo, Subject: Advanced Aerospace Threat and Identification Program/U-10-2552/CE, from
    LTG Burgess to OoO U/S for AT&L, it was cited that the initial effort was insufficient to
    classify the program or establish a special access program and recommended that the program
    could be better suited for another agency or component. See enclosure 3, Info Memo, Subject:
    Advanced Aerospace Threat and Identification Program/U- 10-2 552/CE, from LTG Burgess to
    DoD UIS for AT&L. At the conclusion of the initial two year program in December 2010, the
    research data was put into contractor-secured storage.

    (8NH¥8A:€8') In April of 2011 ,                       presented a program briefing to Mr. Joel
    Wall, OHS S&T, Director, Special Projects Office, and Mr. Steve Cover, OHS Management,
    Director, Special Access Programs Control Office, inviting OHS to expand the depth of research
    involving the analysis of the compiled data repository and on-going recording of observable
    anomalies reiterating Senator Reid's desire to transition the program into a special access
    program to enable access to data and material held by other government and industry entities.


              SECRH·ff-+ ~N-et=E-'o'li'. 5PfEh!tl AEEESS ~                 Nr~ ELS Of~ti'
    Prepared by:
    Joel D Wall, DHS, S&T, Special Projects Office,

                                       UNCLASSIFIED~;;~
                                     UNCLASSIFIED
               SECRET f;' I IANOLE 'o'l,t. SPECIAL ,A.CCESS El tA~OH5LS ONLY


-   (U) Proposed S&T Directorate Statement of Objectives.

    (U) Proiect Purpose

    (8,'Jiil:'S,M,Q~ DHS S&T will provide program management support for a Congressional
    interest item which will entail the scientific analysis of a body of sensitive infonnation and
    observed anomalies to identify and anticipate potential threats and opportunities to the U.S.
    homeland. The S&T Special Projects office will provide program management for 12 months to
    allow the compilation, review, and assessment of associated unclassified and classified archived
    data and available literature, data bases, and physical materials from previous government and
    private entity efforts in order to assess possible research and development thrusts related to
    potential threats to national security and opportunities to enhance national security. {!pon
    completion of the year one effort, a DHS research council, to be established, will review all
    findings and provide a recommendation as to whether continued DHS involvement supports the
    Department's and the S&T Directorate's focus and mission requirements. Until a
    recommendation regarding any efforts after the 12 month period, the perfonners will provide
    quarterly reports and briefings to the program office and DHS research council.

    (U) Project Plan

    (S,4CJ,Pt'SACO~ Data to be reviewed and assessed that is associated with the proposed program is
-   available from the previous government managed effort. Material has also been acquired
    through various sources since the DIA program ended in December 2010. For example, on-
    going observations and recording of anomalies observed at sites at the Bigelow Ranch in Utah,
    the San Juan Valley in Colorado, and Marley's Woods in Missouri. Additional relevant
    classified material is believed to exist within other governmental special access programs and
    wiJl be accessed for this effort. Much of this material has been collated into an active and
    searchable data base maintained by the former National Institute of Discovery Science, a data
    compilation and analysis function of the former government program.

    (S{/HYS11tCO) The Special Projects Office will provide program management through a
    government Program Manager (PM) and Technical Manager (TM) who will ensure oversight of
    unclassified and classified data collection and analysis centers. to be located in Las Vegas,
    Nevada; and classified data analysis centers to be located in Austin, TX and in the National
    Capital Region; locations at which classified work is necessary will have access to a Sensitive
    Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF).


              SECRETh' I IAPdDLE 'o'IA SPECIAL AECE35 Cl IANN!t5 elNL'r'
    Prepared by:
    Joel D Wall, OHS, S&T, Special Projects Office,                              23 Nov 201 I


                                          UNCLASSIFIED
                                             UNCLASSIFIED


-   (S,','iP.'9,irCO~ The DHS S&T Directorate will also establish a research council of a minimum of
    five eminent independent scientists, with clearances who will monitor and advise the research
    efforts. The research council will also review all findings during the 12 month project and
    provide a recommendation as to whether continued OHS involvement supports the Department's
    and the S&T Directorate's focus and mission requirements. Should this effort exceed 12 months,
    the research council will be responsible for identifying the follow-on research plan that will
    focus the program's efforts to support OHS homeland security requirements.

    (U) Proposed Budget

    (U,','iF,t0,t!tCO) Based on program funds estimated to be $10M, $2M will support the four
    program office personnel and equipment to support two leased SCIFs. The remainder $SM will
    support the data collection and analysis centers.

    (U) Proposed Timeline (dependent on projected receipt ofFY12 funding during FY12 1Qtr]

    {U,,'Hi\'9!4:CO) FY12 2Qtr:      Establish Program Office
                                     Establish and secure data analysis centers
                                     Establish sensitive compartmented information facilities
                                     Initiate data inventory
                                     Establish Research Council

-   {Us','fli\56,tz@©) FY12 3Qtr:    Continue data inventory
                                      Initiate data analysis
                                     Implement Research Council review
                                     Conduct quarterly review

    (U,'iSU\:10,'t:€O) FYI 2 4Qtr:   Continue data analysis
                                     Conduct Research Council review

    (U,';IU¾'B1'eGO) FY13 lQtr:      Continue data analysis
                                     Conduct quarterly review
                                     Conduct Research Council Review


               SECRET// I liAcNBLE ¥17' SPECIAL ACCESS Cl IAfO~ELS ON tr
    Prepared by:
    Joel D Wall, OHS, S&T, Special Projects Office,                                 23 Nov 2011


                                              UNCLASSIFIED
                                             UNCLASSIFIED
                                 TOP .!tECRt!EfHl.fONA Bbt:H3/~i8F8R~4

                                                                          U.S. Department of Homeland Security
                                                                          Washington, DC 20S2&

    Declassified by: Richard D. McComb
    OHS, Chief Security Officer
    Declassified on: 20230718
                                                                             Homeland
                                                                             Security
                                                    ACTION
                                              November 28, 20 JJ

    MEMORANDUM FOR:                 Deputy Secretary Lute

    FROM:                           Dr. Tara O'Toole,
                                    Under Secretary for the Office of Science & Technology

    SUBJECT:                        KONA BLUE, Establishment of OHS Science & Technology
                                    Directorate SAP

    REFERENCE:                      DHS Instruction Number 140-04-00 I, Special Access Program
                                    Implementation, 0&'13/2009

    (U) Purpose

    ('l-8tW~~This memo provides information concerning KONA BLUE, a DHS Science &

-   Technology (S&T) Prospective Special Access Program (P-SAP) with a recommendation for your
    approval ofKONA BLUE as a OHS S&T Special Access Program (SAP).

    (Ul Bacground

    (4'1¥1+¥8Jllr@8) In May 2008, Senators Reid, lnouye (HI), Stevens (AK) invited -
    Program Manager with the Defense Intelligence Agency {DIA), to meet with them to express their
    interests to establish a research program plan involving 'exotic sciences.' In July of 2008, LTG
    Maples, the Director of DIA, was briefed by Senator Reid to discuss the proposed effort. A Request
    for Proposal (RFP) was issued by DIA and a contract was awarded to Bigelow Aerospace to research
    advanced aerospace threats and technologies. The focus of the contracted research, named the
    Advanced Aerospace Threat and Identification (AATI) Program, was within 12 aerospace related
    areas. Deliverables for the two year contract, with a total funding of $22M, were 38 research papers,
    an active, searchable database (now with greater than I 00,000+ entries), and numerous investigative
    cases of the observed anomalies. At the conclusion of the initial two year program in December
    2010, the research data was put into contractor-secured storage.

    (+~'KQIR'IFHn April of 2011,                         presented a program briefing to Mr. Joel Wall,
    OHS S&T, Director, Special Projects Office (SPO), and Mr. Steve Cover, OHS Management, Chief.
    Special Access Programs Control Office (SAPCO), inviting OHS to expand the depth of research
    involving the analysis of the compiled data repository and on-going recording of observable
    anomalies reiterating Senator Reid's desire to transition the program into a SAP to continue the
    research in greater depth.


    Classified By: Under Secretary for Science & Technology (OCA)                        DHS-003-6-0004/1 I
    Class Reason: I.4(e)                                                                         Copy I ofl
    Declass On:     20360425                                                                        2 Pages

                            'f'Of 9UCfM3lfWltONs\ 815~fi!#M8F81U'l
                         ~•Db~ llrl.\ i~CI A• J CCli:ii CUA~J.I~ ON! ~
                                               UNCLASSIFIED
                                               UNCLASSIFIED
                                 'fOP 9ECRU'fh'IEON7' 8Ll::1Eii'N9F8RPJ
                         H5'1N8L[ ¥fA SPECIAis Jti€CE66 Cllft1NEls6 Q"b\'

    (TSHfC:OOUF) In May 2011, Dr. Tara O'TooJe, Undersecretary of the Office of S&T (U/SST), was
    presented with the AATI program information concerning the opportunity to investigate, identify and
    analyze sensitive advanced materials and technologies and to assess potential emerging and/or
    disruptive scientific and technical data of potential importance to national security. Based on
    available infonnation and review of security requirements, the U/SST authorized SPO to establish an
    unacknowledged, waived prospective special access program, which was designated KONA BLUE.
    In addition, in Oct 2011, Dr O'Toole met with Senator Lieberman, Chainnan of the Homeland
    Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, and Senator Harry Reid, Senate Majority Leader, to
    discuss the program funding. Additional infonnation on the DIA-Sponsored program is at Encl 1, 2,
    and 3.

    {U) Discussion

    (1'~/,11<,Q,',IHii~ Based upon discovery and investigative discussions, interviews, and briefings with
    fonner AATI program participants, OHS S&T proposes to provide Special Access Program
    management support for this Congressional interest item. A SAP is proposed as we have been
    informed that there is a body of previous work held by other entities that requires a SAP level
    classification to access it.

    (T~J,IK,Q,4Q,J~ :rhe proposed program management wm entail the scientific analysis and assessment
    of a body of sensitive information and observed anomalies to identify and anticipate potential threats
    to and opportunities for the security of the U.S. homeland. The S&T Special Projects office will
    provide program management for 12 months to allow the compilation, review, and assessment of
    associated unclassified and classified archived data and available literature, data bases, and physical
    materials from previous government and private entity efforts in order to assess possible research and
    development thrusts related to potential threats to national security and opportunities to enhance
    national security. Upon completion of the one year effort, a DHS S&T research council, to be
    established, will review all findings and provide a recommendation as to whether continued OHS
    involvement supports the Department's and the S&T Directorate's focus and mission requirements.
    See Encl 4, Proposed Statement of Objectives.

    (U) Recommendation

    (TS,4'1<:Q,'JNF) Approve KONA BLUE as a OHS S&T SAP.


    Approve/date._ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __                Disapprove/date._ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __


    Modify/date_ _ _ __ _ _ _ _ _ __ Needs discussion/date._ _ _ _ _ _ _ __


    Coordination: SAPCO_ _ __ _ _ __ Date._ _ __ __ _ __ _ _ _ __ _

    Enclosures.
    Encl I. AATI Program History, dated 23 Nov 2011
    Encl 2. Correspondence from Senator Reid to the Honorable William Lynn, Deputy Secretary of
    Defense, dated 24 June. 2009.
-   Encl 3. (undated) Info Memo, Subject: AATI Program/U-10-2552/CE, from LTG Burgess to DoD
    U/S for AT&L.
    Encl 4. DHS KONA BLUE 12 Month Proposed Statement of Objectives.
                                ifOP 0i£l€llf3'.fh'l,OPiA BLtf6//Pi8F8RJlli
                         Jl,t.N0b6 \'IA i-PiCU Is ♦ cc~~" CHA liiLi Q}Q V                               OHS-003-6-0004/11
                                                                                                               Copy l of l
                                               UNCLASSIFIED                                                     PaJ_!?~ ,f.2
                                             UNCLASSIFIED
                     - - -Tt-.8l'f,~ CftE:ti#JtONs\ 81s1Jls~QFQAI>i.
                     HJ.t>!IJlsE 1/IJ. ~PKQM Is t CCi~S CJI ~ l>WE! SON! Y
                                                                        r.s. Department of Homeland Seo rity
Declassified by: Richard D. McCorm                                      Washington, DC 20528
OHS, Chief Security Officer
Declassified on: 2023071
                                                                ~~ Homeland
                                            December 12, 2011
                                                                9          Security
MEMORANDUM FOR:                 Jane Holl Lute, Deputy Secretary            /.)      f; t(',,Q,-
THRU:                           Dr. Tara O'Toole, Under Secretary for ' i ~ Technology

FROM:                           Mr. Steven J. Cover, Chief, Special Access Program Control Office
SUBJECT:                        Termination of a OHS Science & Technology "Prospective: Special
                                Access Program (PSAP)" (U)

REFERENCE:                      a. OHS Directive Nwnber 140-04, Special Access Program
                                Management, 08/12/2009

                                b. Memo dated July 11, 2011, Establishment of a OHS Science &
                                Technology "Prospective: Special Access Program (PSAP)" (U)

(J:E,((K~:li!lll.:~ In accordance with OHS Directive Number 140-04, the Deputy Secretary renders all
final decisions for the establishment or disposition of all Special Access Programs within the
Department. This memorandum memorializes the decision of Deputy Secretary Lute, in her
capacity as Chairperson of the Special Access Program Oversight Committee (SAPOC), to
terminate the Science & Technology Prospective Special Access Program (PSAP) KONA BLUE.

(f8(11tiM1.fF) The KONA BLUE Prospective Special Access Program was established by Under
Secretary for Science & Technology Tara O'Toole on July 11, 201 I. Since that date, the Special
Access Program Control Office (SAPCO) and the PSAP's Program Manager have worked to
develop the SAP proposal for presentation to the SAPOC. On December 8, 2011, a progress review
of the PSAP was conducted in the office of the Deputy Secretary. In attendance were Deputy
Secretary Lute; General Counsel Fong; Under Secretary Wagner; SAPCO Chief Cover; and
Associate General Counsel Kronisch. Under Secretary O'Toole was invited but was unable to
attend.

(U,4'1WSM30) The discussion began with SAPCO Chief Cover providing an update on recent
activities undertaken and information gathered regarding the PSAP, followed by General Counsel
Fong and Under Secretary Wagner providing the perspectives on the proposal. Deputy Secretary
Lute then led a discussion of the proposal during which various questions about the proposal were
identified and considered. Those questions included whether the justifications for establishn1ent as
a SAP (e.g., assessment of threat/vulnerability) were adequate and whether the development of a


Classified By: Under Secretary for Science & Technology (OCA)                             DHS-003-6-0005/l I
Class Reason: I.4 (e)                                                                              Copy I of I
Declass On:     20360425                                                                               2 Pages

                            'POF 913Cltl2'fh'le0Pb\ 81:5FENPii8P8ftPi
                                                                    1
                       H,>NDLlii Yl.t iPl!.Cl.t.L t CCliiiiiii CW 1 ~ iki Ol>'LY
                                             UNCLASSIFIED
                                         UNCLASSIFIED
                            TOP fiECRET!:<liOl>iA .Qb{'i:r<NQli:QAl>I


number of required elements of the proposal, including the budget and personnel requirements, was
sufficient. At the conclusion of the discussion, Deputy Secretary Lute directed that the PSAP be
terminated immediately.

(+S,':1~/,'I" 1F) Pursuant to the above direction, the Special Access Program Control Office, in
coordination with the assigned S&T Program Manager will ensure that all appropriate actions are
taken to debrief all accessed individuals and archive all materials generated in conjunction with the
planning of the KONA BLUE Prospective Special Access Program.


                                               Disapprove/date       2 - \ c - , 'l...-

Modify/date_ ~--....c-- - - - -- -- Needs discussion/date._ _ __ _ _ __

Coordination: SAP~                 ~           Date_ ___,_/4 /--',r
                                                            7
                                                                 ~/--'i"_.2.-
                                                                 I
                                                                          _ ___ ___


                                                                                          DHS-003-6-0005/ I 1
                                                                                                Copy l of I
                                                                                                 Page 2 of2
                            TAR SFCRETW(ON 1: BJ IIi(w>IQFQRi>i


                                          UNCLASSIFIED
                                               UNCLASSIFIED
                                     !itE8f!iflJltt B'JIPl8H)I~
                        WANDl e,,W"'° iiPIJ,' 1Mr4C'11!i i i,,GW,41-E,&,jj,,Q,IW,&,.,_.
                                                                              l I.S. Department of Homeland Security
                                                                              Washington. DC 20528
Declassified by: Richard D. McComb
OHS, Chief Security Officer
Declassified on : 2023071 8                                        ~-         a   Homeland
                                                                   9              Security
                                               June 5, 2013

MEMORANDUM FOR THE RECORD

FROM:                          Mr. Steven J. Cover, OHS SAPCO

SUBJECT:                       Termination of DHS S&T Prospective Special Access Program
                               (PSAP)

(Sf,1KB,1;1fvfl) The Deputy Secretary made the determination that OHS was not going to execute
activities proposed for the OHS S&T PSAP KONA BLUE. In conjunction with the General
Counsel it was decided that the Program as proposed did not require extraordinary security
measures and terminated all activities within the Department and further directed the SAPCO to
initiate appropriate Program close-down procedures.

 (81i'K8~~) The KONA BLUE PSAP was approved prior to the issuance of any final formal
documentation such as a security cJassification guide, SOP, facility accreditation, AIS plan or
any other required documentation. No documentation exists to downgrade, reclassify or
determine other disposition.

(6,'s'IG)AA'Jp) The SAPCO office as made the determination that all personnel briefed to KB
PSAP will be administratively debriefed on the above date. No other documentation or
paperwork would be required. All inquires can be directed to the HQ SAPCO office.


Classified By: S. Cover, DHS HQs SAPCO                                                          DHS-001-0001/13
Derived From: DHS SCG OS/SAP 001 , I012008                                                           Copy I of I
Declass On: 20380604                                                                                     I Page


                                                UNCLASSIFIED
    HARRY REID                                                                                            MAJORITY LEADEI
      NEVADA


                                                   WASHINGT ON, DC 20510-7012
                                                        June 24, 2009


          Honorable William Lynn III
          Deputy Secretary of Defense
          1010 Defense Pentagon
          Washington, DC 20301-1010

          Dear Secretary Lynn:

              Beginning this past September, the U.S. Senate has mandated that the Defense Intelligence
          Agency assess far-term·foreign advanced aerospace threats to.the United States. The scope of
          program interest covers from the present out to forty years and beyond. In order to further our
          effort in recognizing emerging disruptive aerospace technoiogies, technical studies are being
          conducted in regard to advanced lift, propulsion, the use of unconventional materials and
          controls, signature reduction, weaponry, human interface and human effects.

               Since the Advanced Aerospace Threat and Identification Program (AAITP) and study were

-         first commissioned, much progress has been made with the identification of several highly
          sensitive, tmconventional aerospace-related findings. Given the current rate of success, the
        rcontinued study of these subjects will likely lead to technology advancements that in the
        L immediate near-term will require extraordinary protection. Due to the sensitivities of the
          information surrounding aspects of this program, 1 require your assistance in establishing a
          Restricted Special-Access-Program (SAP) with a Bigoted Access List for specific portions of the
           AATIP.                                   •

               In order to support this national effort, a small but highly specialized cadre of Department of
           Defense (DoD) and private sector individuals are necessary. These individuals must be
           specialized in the areas of advanced sciences, sensors, intelligence/counterintelligence, and
           advanced aerospace engineering. Given the likelihood that these technologies will be applied to
           future systems involving spc:tce flight, weapons, communiGations,.and propulsion, the standard
           management ·and safeguarding procedures for classified information are not sufficient. Even the
           use of conventional SAP protocols will not adequately erisure'that all aspects of the project are
           properly secured. Although not every aspect of AATIP requires Restricted SAP read-on, the
           following portions should be maintained at the Restricted SAP level:

                 • The methodology used to identify, acquire, study, and engineer the advanced
                   technologies associated with AATIP.

                        o   Specific methodologies used to study unconventional technology may require
                            nuanced approaches that will undoubtedly be of significant interest if not a top
                            priority for adversarial -Foreign Intelligence Security Services (FISS).
           o Undue attention by government, or private sector entities, not involved in AATIP
             or any international interest will directly or indirectly interfere with the daily
             AATIP mission and perhaps threaten the overall success of the program.

•   Allocation of personnel, support, and oversight.

           o Due to the highly specialized nature of the personnel involved with AATIP, the
             overt acknowledgement of their participation in the program will lead to an
             unnecessary security and counterintelligence risk.

           o Occasional assistance from specialized individuals within DoD, the scientific
             community, or academia may be necessary from time to time based on
             demonstrated subject matter expertise. Adequate protection of their identities or
             affiliation is critical to avoid unnecessary scrutiny.

           o   Without the appropriate Restricted SAP protection, the cost associated with a
               compromise would be significantly higher than the cost associated with a
               properly administered Restricted SAP.

           o Protection of industry partnerships and participation is critical. Public
             awareness of an industry's AATIP affiliation may discourage that industry's
             further participation with the U.S. Government in this program.

•   Application and engineering.

           o The nuanced manner in which some of these technologies will be collected,
             engineered and applied by the U.S. may require senior level government approval.
             These decision makers must be afforded tl;le necessary time to make strategic
             decisions by restricting access to the "big picture" or overall intent of the program
             to those on a strict Bigoted List.

          'cf Associated exotic technologies likely involve extremely sophisticated concepts
              within the world of quantum mechanics, nuclear science, electromagnetic theory,
              gravities, and thermodynamics. Given that all of these have the potential to be
              use� with catastrophic effects by adversaries, an unusually high degree of
              operational security and read-on discretion is required.

    Due to the expertise required to carry out the objectives of this program, we will require a
small, specialized group ofDoD personnel, who are dedicated to performing the SAP-related
functions and executing programmatic requirements within the program. It is essential that the
Government & military personnel who are already involved with this program are assigned to
further support this program in a Restricted SAP capacity (see Attachment 1). These individuals
all currently possess the appropriate security clearances and are already providing unique support
to AATIP.
        Ultimately, the results ofAATIP will not only benefit the U.S. Government but I believe will
    directly benefit DoD in ways not yet imagined. The technological insight and capability gained will
    provide the U.S. with a distinct advantage over any foreign threats and allow the U.S. to maintam its
    preeminence as a world leader.

       Thank you in cldvance from your time and consi
    you or your staff have any questions, please contact


                                                   Sincerely,


                                                           y
                                                    United States Senator

    HR:rth


-
                                        Attachment 1

      Sponsoring Agency: Undetermined (DEPSECDEF)

      Component~level SAP Central Office: Undetermined (DEPSECDEF)

      Unclassified _Nickname: Advanced Aerospace Tiu-eat Identification Program (AATIP)

      Program Length: FY09-FY13 (Preliminary)

      Program Fund_ing: FY09-0&M, FY10-FY13-TBD

    ~ SAP Category Designation: Intelligence, DoD Acquisition
      FY 10 Preliminary Bigoted List of Gov~rnment-Pcr:sonnd:

        • 1. Honorable William Lynn III, Deputy Secretary of Defense (Gov't)
        • 2. Honorable Senator Harry Reid of Nevada (Gov't)
        • 3. Honorable Senator Daniel Inouye of Hawaii (Gov't)
        • 4. Robert T. Herbert (U.S. Senate)
        • 5.
          6.
          7.
          8.
          9.
          10.                              SDI (Gov't)
          11.                             't)

      FY 10 Preliminary Bigoted List of Contractor Personnel funded under the AATIP:

        • 1.                 Bigelow Aerospace Advanced Space Studies LLC (BAASS),

        • 2.                   AASS (CTR)
        • 3.                 BMSS·(C1R)


      This document contains information exempt from mandatory disclosure under the FOIA.
      Ex.emptions 1 and 5 apply.

-
                 UNCLASSIFIED/W'6ft 6FPICtMs USE ONbY
                        DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
                               WASHINGTON, D.C. 20340-5100     DEC Oj 2f)IO

                                     INFO MEMO           ,SL-. .UP
U-10-2552/CE

fOR: UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR ACQUISITION~ TECHNOLOGY,
     AND LOGISTICS                    .                   ./l).D
FROM: Ronal<l L Burgess, Jr., Lieutenant ...    ral, USA, Director, Defense IntelligC:lnce
      Agency

SUBJECT: (U) Advanced Aerospace Threat and Identification Program

(U/lfOUO) The Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program was first sponsored
in the Fiscal Year (FY) 1008 Defense Supplemental Appropriation Act by Senators 'R.eic;l
and Inouye with a SlO million add. The purpose of this congressional add was to
investig11te foreign advanced aerospace weapon threats from the present out to the next_
40 years and to build an infrastructure to house a center of expertise on advanced
aerospace technologies. ]be potential threat posed by 1:mconventional or "leap:'
aerospace vehicles that could pose national security implications for the United States
was a specific area of interest.

(U/ffOUO) The Detense Intelligence Agency (DIA) published a request for proposal
(RFP). The RFP identified twelve technical are~s to be studied: lift, propulsion; contr9l;
armament; signatures reduction; materials; configuration-; power generation; temporal
translation; human effects; human interface; and technology integration. DIA awarded a
contract to the Bigelow Aerospace Advanced Space Studies LLC (BAASS), the only bid,
headquartered in North Las Vegas, Nevada.

(U/ffOUO) BAASS identified and worked with academics and scientists to produce 26
technical reports by June, 2009. All of these reports were delivered t-0 DIA by         .
September, 2009. A list of these first 26 technical reports is enclosure 1. One of the 26
reports, titled Advanced Space Propulsion Based on Vacuum (Spacetime Metric)
Engineering was pubIished in March, 2010. It fa included as enclosure 2 and is provided
as an example of r~ports.

(U} The FY 2010 Defense Appropriations Act included a $12 million add for the project.
Twelve additional reports were produced and delivered. They are also included in
enclosure I .


                 UNCLASSIFIED/lFOR OffJCIAL USE ONL¥
                        UNCLASSIFIED/f.F6R O:Ff'IClAL USI ONLY

(UlffOUO) On June 24, 2009, Senator Reid sent a letter to Deputy Secretary of Defense
Lynn ,~questing the Department of Defense establish an alternate compensatory control
measure (ACC'M) or sensitive access program (SAP) for this project. In November,
2009, at the request of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, DTA completed a
review of the program. The Agency detennined that, based on classification levels of
current and projected deliverables. insufficient grounds existed to classify the program,
invoke an ACCM. or establish a restricted SAP.

(U/ffOlJO.t In November, 2009, Deputy Secretary of Defense Lynn and J met wit.h
Senator Reid to discuss this program. At that time, we determined the reports were of
limited value to DIA- However, I cµd s~gge;,t they could be of merit to 0ther
organizations and, that upon the completion c;,f the DIA coJ11tract, the project could be
transitic;>ned to another agency or component better suited to oversee the project.

2 enclosures: a/s

-e_pared by:                         Office of Congres~ional and Public Affairs.


                                             2
                        UNCLASSIFl}ID//~Olt OFFICIAL US:E ONLY


         ..   -·    _____ _ ____ _ _ ___
                   ,,
