{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T16:22:58Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 587459, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/donald-keyhoe.pdf", "source_sha256": "e0c0e061e578c6da40a98bfe792ac6e1a52978847cd43ad7f342dabb0a2bbb0d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 300, "chars": 2014, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S. Department of Justice
MASSA
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Washington, D.C. 20535
October 21, 2013
MR. JOHN GREENEWALD. JR.
FOIPA Request No.: 1229292-0
Subject: KEYHOE, DONALD EDWARD
Dear Mr. Greenewald:
This is in response to your Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request.
Based on the information you provided, we conducted a search of the Central Records System and
the Electronic Surveillance (ELSUR) indices. We were unable to identify main file records responsive to the
If you have additional information pertaining to the subject that you believe was of investigative interest
to the Bureau, please provide us the details and we will conduct an additional search.
It is unnecessary to adjudicate your fee waiver request because no responsive main file records were
found.
For your information, Congress excluded three discrete categories of law enforcement and national
security records from the requirements of the FOIA. See 5 U.S. C. § 552(c) (2006 & Supp. IV (2010). This
response is limited to those records that are subject to the requirements of the FOIA. This is a standard
notification that is given to all our requesters and should not be taken as an indication that excluded records
do, or do not, exist.
You may file an appeal by writing to the Director, Office of Information Policy (OIP), U.S. Department
of Justice, 1425 New York Ave., NW, Suite 11050, Washington, D.C. 20530-0001, or you may submit an
appeal through OIP's eFOIA portal at http://www.justice.gov/oip/efoia-portal.html
Your appeal must be
received by OIP within sixty (60) days from the date of this letter in order to be considered timely. The
envelope and the letter should be clearly marked "Freedom of Information Appeal." Please cite the FOIPA
Request Number in any correspondence to us for proper identification of your request.
Enclosed for your information is a copy of the FBI Fact Sheet.
Sincerely,
David M. Hardy
Section Chief,
Record/Information
Dissemination Section
Records Management Division
Enclosure

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 543, "chars": 3640, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FBI FACT SHEET
• The primary function of the FBI is national security.
• The FBI does not keep a file on every citizen of the United States.
• The FBI was not established until 1908 and we have very few records prior to the 1920s.
• FBI files generally contain reports of FBI investigations of a wide range of matters, including counterterrorism,
counter-intelligence, cyber crime, public corruption, civil rights, organized crime, white collar crime, major thefts,
violent crime, and applicants.
• The FBI does not issue clearances or non-clearances for anyone other than its own personnel or persons
having access to FBI facilities. Background investigations for security clearances are conducted by many
different Government agencies. (
Persons who received a clearance while in the military or employed with some
other government agency should contact that entity. Most government agencies have websites which are
accessible on the internet which have their contact information.
• An identification record or "rap sheet" is NOT the same as an "FBI file." It is a listing of information taken from
fingerprint cards and related documents submitted to the FBI in connection with arrests, federal employment,
naturalization or military service. The subject of a "rap sheet" may obtain a copy by submitting a written request to
FBI, Criminal Justice Information Services (CJIS) Division, Record Request, 1000 Custer Hollow Road, Clarksburg,
West Virginia 26306. Along with a specific written request, the individual must submit a new full set of his/her
fingerprints in order to locate the record, establish positive identification, and ensure that an individual's records are
not disseminated to an unauthorized person. The fingerprint submission must include the subject's name, date
and place of birth. There is a required fee of $18 for this service, which must be submitted by money order or
certified check made payable to the Treasury of the United States. A credit card payment option is also available.
Forms for this option and additional directions may be obtained by accessing the FBI Web site at
www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/background-checks/background_checks.
The National Name Check Program (NNCP) conducts a search of the FBI's Universal Index (UNI) to identify any
information contained in FBI records that may be associated with an individual and provides the results of that
search to a requesting federal, state or local agency. Names are searched in a multitude of combinations and
phonetic spellings to ensure all records are located. The NNCP also searches for both "main" and "cross
reference" flies. A main file is an entry that carries the name corresponding to the subject of a file, while a cross
reference is merely a mention of an individual contained in a file. The results from a search of this magnitude can
result in several "hits" and "idents" on an individual. In each instance where UNI has identified a name variation or
reference, information must be reviewed to determine if it is applicable to the individual in question.
The Record/Information Dissemination Section (RIDS) searches for records and provides copies of FBI files
responsive to Freedom of Information or Privacy Act (FOIPA) requests for information. RIDS provides responsive
documents to requesters seeking "reasonably described information." For a FOIPA search, the subject's name,
event, activity, or business is searched to determine whether there is an associated investigative file. This is called
a "main file search" and differs from the NNCP search.
FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE FBI, VISIT OUR WEBSITE AT
www.fbi.gov
7/1/13
