{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T05:36:27Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1128306, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/ethics-and-the-military-profession-values-and-the-professional-soldier.pdf", "source_sha256": "1e182f2684f34f2281ddfb8a6b27e4203b78c8f8163fe7ad671b62f89d8ab03a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 75, "chars": 518, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MIC FiLE COPY
AD A100988
AD A
LEVEL
ETHICS
AND THE
MILITARY PROFESSION
MARCH 1981
VALUES
and the
PROFESSIONAL
SOLDIER
Do you believe ha....
Jismen L. Nare
"one ethical view is as good as another?"
Or, thei..
129
"everyone really does what is
in his own interest?"
Can these views be reconciled with
the role of professional soldier?
Publisher Periodically by the
Ethics and Prolessionalism Connittee
USMA
30,600
los public reloaso and sale; it
"Istribution te valtadtac.
DIC
ELECTEr
JUL. 7: 1981
distrition
02
(D
0 98

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 179, "chars": 1190, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FOCUS
Reasoned analysis about
personal and professional values can help us to be more rationally
aware of the motives behind our actions, to identify possible incon
istencies in our moral outlook and to dèvelop, in a gradual an
EVENTS
Several distinguished military professionals will make formal presenta-
tions in the coming weeks on subjects concerning professional values
and responsibilities.
The rémarks will be directed primarily at cadet
audiences but all members of the West Point community are invited and
encouraged to attend. All lectures begin at 1910 hours and will take
place in South Auditorium of Thayer Hall (except GEN Meyer's presenta-
tion which will be at Eisenhower Hall).
23 March
IIG Richard G. Trefry, The Inspector General, USA
13 April
GEN Volney F. Warner, USCINCRED
20 April
GEN Edward C. Meyer, Chief of Staff of the Army
23 April
29 April
•GEN Donn A. Starry, CG, USATRADOC
MG Alton H. Harvey, The Judge Advocate General, USA*
*Not confired. If MG Harvey is unable to attend, a presentation will
be made byr Ma Hugh J. Clausen, Assistant Judge Advocate Gaston Tor
" S GRASI
C TAB
ranounced
il. stificat101.
Distribution/
batterror file
Avail an
Dist
Spocial

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2018, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FEATURE ARTICLE
VALUES AND THE PROFESSIONAL SOLDIER
by
Major James I. Narel
"I believe in UFO's."
"No you don't."
"What?"
"No you don't."
"What are
you saying?"
"I'm saying that you don't believe in UFO's."
"But I've just told you that I do."
"And I'm telling you that you do not."
What could be more exasperating than to have someone claim to know, better
After all, our beliefs are the most personal things
Another person might claim to know that the subject of our belief is
incorrect--for example, that UFO's do not exist--but it doe" not seem comprehensible
tell he or she ct least in to sense, bette is want e te essay elves, thats not an
Yet, at least in a sense, that is what this essay does.
argument about UFO's, but about values, and it makes the claim, which may seem
at first, that some people do not believe what they sincerely
More particularly, it makes the claim
that some people in the military do not believe what they profess concerning
ethical concepts relevant to their profession, and, furthermore, that this
Consider the following two assertions.
"I don't believe there is any ethical view that can be shown to be more
accurate, or more valid, than any other ethical view. Morality is
depenuent upon culture; what is right in one culture may de wrong in another,
We usuaily end up professing the values of our particular
taught to see these as 'right.'
Had we been raised
in a substantially different environment, our ideas about morality might bear
little resemblance to the ones we now have.
Therefore, who is to say which
ethical system is best? One view is as good as another."
Another opinion:
"All ethical claims are either meaningless or hypocritical
because, in the final analysis, everyone does what is in his or her own best
However much we claim to be interested in the welfare of others, we
always put ourselves first.
We serve others only after our own needs have been
satisfied and then our 'unselfish' acts are really motivated by the desire to
3
PRECEDING PAGE BLANK-NOT FIJNID

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 566, "chars": 3571, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
increase our own prestige or sell-satisfaction, or perhaps to alleviate feelings
of guilt or indebtedness.
Since this is a fact of humen nature, any moral clain
that urges us to act out of concern for others is a sham."
Ine arguments have gained in popularity even though--or perhaps because--they
reject the traditional veneration of moral norms. The person who expresses one
or the other view seems to imply that he has advanced beyond a blind acceptance
f his society's customs and codes and is able to think nbout these concepts i
a more objective way.
Furthermore, the views enjoy added prestige because the
are "realistic."
There is a sad irony in all of this.
It has nothing to do with the value
(or valuelessness) of either view or with their increasing popularity. It is
possible that one or the other is an accurate assessment of the true nature of
the arguments do demonstrate a willingness to confront questions of
value objectively.
But many who voice the arguments have not examined them
thoroughly. A precise and comprehensive investigation of the issues could
uncover inconsistencies--not necessarily in the ethical views themselves (though
that, too, is possible), but in the network of personal beliefs that includes
these views.
In other words, a person may conclude that, since one or the other
argument sounds rational and acceptable, it must constitute his or her belief
After ali, we are inclined to accept as true those propositiors
that appeal to our reason and involve no obvious loginal fallacy. Yet that
person may simultaneously hold other beliefs that contradict this one. For
example, an individual, who on one occasion maintains that one value system is
as good as another, may, at some other time, express his opinion that there is
something inherently unjust about slavery.
Obviousiy, both these beliefs cann
se consistently maintained since it is certainly possible to imagine a value
system that finds slavery morally acceptable.
Such a person, then, probably
does not really believe that all value systems are of equal worth, even thor th
he may sometimes think he does.
While it may be difficult to identify people who are willing to art "ulate
a serious defense of slavery, many people in the military are ready to i lend
one of the two ethical views expressed above.
Yet in several ways, both inese
positions are inconsistent with the concept of the professional soldier.
A
person cannot consistently maintain either view and, simultaneously, bu sonmitted
to the goals of the military profession.
If this is not quite as sericue a
problem as it
may first appear, it is because many of those people in urifor.
who find the views rational, wam, aiter
study and reflection, find that the
are not actually part of their beliefs.
The issue dees have infurtant
ramifications, however, since continued confusion about the beliefs e' lead to
serious misunderstandings of, and misjudgments about, the profession.
The view that all moral systems are ultimately subjective is ca "ed rela-
The cliche,
"It's all relative," when used thoughtfully
in a discussion
of values, means that the speaker rejects the notion that there
' nume objec-
tive "ground" of morality.
He recognizes that most people conduct their lives
in accordance with some framework of values, but he maintains that the framework
is itsell the product of their environment and
social conditionint. As a result,
when other people claim a certain action is "right," the relativist argues that
they really mean that their particular culture approves of, and encourages, such
4

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 563, "chars": 3498, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
behavior.
If some other social group collectively disapproved, based on its
eultural experience, the action would, in the relativist's view, be wrong in
tret setting.
There is nothing logically inconsistent about such a view oi morality.
does create the possibility of a particular act being both right and wrong it
the same time, but this is not a contradiction. For a relativist the word
"wrong" does not mean "violating an objectively true principle of morality"; it
means, simply,
"not acceptable vithin a particular social grouping."
porson who claims to be a relativist, il he is to avoid inconsistency, must
accept all. the consequences that logically derive from this normative system.
This means he must be willing to admit that no action can be held to be objec-
tively wrong. Cruelly abusing helpless children, for example, cannot be judged
inherently wrong; it must be viewed simply as socially unacceptable in most
cultures. Furthermore, il a culture were discovered in which child abuse was
routinely practiced,
the relativist could make no adverse judgment. He would
have to maintain that there is nothing wrong with the attendant human suffering;
it is merely a matter of cultural preference.
Now this is not what is believed by most people who entertain the notion
that
morality may be relative.
More likely they believe that it is not right
for one person or culture to impose its vaiue system on another.
"People should
be allowed to do anything they choose as long as it doesn't hurt someone else.
Live and let live!"
relativism.
Such a view does not claim that all values are subjective.
view does not comet all vales pose it not
contends that soms, perhaps many, are situation- or culture-dependent, but it
accepts other values as universal. The live-and-let-live doctrine implies the
right of individuals and cultures to be free of unwanted interference. It urges
tolerance of diverse views.
It assumes that human beings have inalienable
rights and that their liherty ought not arbitrarily to be curtailed.
But it might be asked whether this is not simply a semantic distinction.
One may not be a relativist in the sense that it has been defined here, but if
one is content to accept the values of others as being fine for them, aren't the
practical consequences the same?
The distinction is more than semantic.
The person who is a true relativist
must admit
that the values of his native culture are objectively no better and
no worse than those of any other. Hence, his commitment to those values, il he
any, can only be a matter of convenience or custom. On the other hand,
who is comnitted to tolerance and respect for human rights sees these
values as having objective validity.
One can expect that such beliefs will
influence his attitudes and behavior in a more profound way. He might be
willing, for example, to accept inconvenience or even to endura danger or suffering
in order to support his values.
It is difficult to imagine a thorough going relativist as a dedicated mili-
A relativist might unoose to engage in soldiering; indeed, he
that the military environment is more consistent with his tastes or
preferences than is the civilian world. For example, he may enjoy engaging in
adventurous, dangerous, or violent acts or may feel more secure operating in a
But are these the characteristics of the
military professional? While these attitudes might partially deseribe him, they
would also characterize a mercenary or a uniforned bureaucrat. The concept of a

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 593, "chars": 3668, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
professional typically involves something more, namely, binding oneself to
particular principles.
In America, for example, it is not to a person that the
soldier swears his allegiance, nor is it a geographical area that he promises to
protect when he takes his public oath. Support and defense of the Constitution
refers to the principles,
to the values, proclaimed by that document.
Would it
be reasonable for a person who truly believes that one declaration of values i
as good as another to promise to engage in brutal combat simply because one of
these allegedly arbitrary value systems is threatened or endangered? A genuine
relativist would have to forego such action.
And what about the egoist? Egoism is the claim that self-interest is the
fochs of all human actions and that a moral system, if it is to have objective
validity, must take this truth into account.
Like relativisi, the egoistic
argument may be, but is not necessarily, a correct statement about the nature of
some persons who see its claims as rational and compelling
may not have made a careful study
of egoism and may hold other moral views
inconsistent with the egoist position.
nis would be true of the protessiona..
soldier who thinks he accepts egoism; without reconciling it to his commitment
to military values.
Because so much of what any person routinely does is motivated by self-
interest, it is easy to slide into an almost unquestioned acceptance of egoism.
Choosing to put on one's shoes in the morning is a "selfish" act in the sense
that the decision is made with little or no consideration of others.
is true of one's decisions to bathe, eat, exercise, and so on.
But what about
holding the door for someone, or picking up another person's dropped parcel?
Behavior that is seemingly other-directed can also be interpreted as having a
following rules of social etiquette. for exanple, will likely
stultre similar treatment in return and will enhance the prestige of the polite
person in the eyes of others.
. he argument can be extended to even the most
dramatic actions, and persons who give up their lives for their comrades can be
seen as doing so primarily in pursuit of an eternal reward or in a subconscious
effort to alleviate personal guilt.
It is man's nature to act i his own interest,
the egoist claims; the dictum is universal and inexorable.
Now, this claim is not self-contradictory, and it cannot be eliminated as a
possible
fact.
It is not surprising,
then, that many people who encounter the
argument erroneously conclude
that it is necessarily true.
But just as an
assertion that alien beings are observing mankind from another dimension is a
conceivable state of affairs, so does it lack necessity.
Similarly, egoism
constitutes one way of interpreting human behavior and, as a theory, it contains
no absurdities or inherent contradictions.
But the same can be said for many
conflicting theories.
Indeed, when measured
against competing views, egoism is
burdened in that its central tenet seens counterintuitive to most people.
egoistic argument hinges on the assertion that all (not simply "most") human
actions are motivated
by self-interest.
If so much as a single event in all of
human history was characterized by true selflessness, egoism would have to be
considered invalid:
observing that men are frequently selfish is far different
from claiming they
are always totally selfish,
and that their nature requires
them to be so. And, when one thinks about it,
the argument for selfishness is
not all that persuasive.
It depends upon one's willingness to believe that even
the most innocent act of human kindness is really determined by self-interest.
6

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 451, "chars": 2878, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
oes one assist a passerby by retrieving nis dropper parcel in order to lee.
good, or does one do it out of genuine concern for the other person and ther
feel good after the fact?
know one's own mind in matiers like these; if one thinks his concern for others
ls genuine, ne must allow this opinion to be overruled by an outside observe
who claims
to know more about the samaritan's motives than the samaritan does.
Though the egoist's claim is not necessarily false, neither is his theory
nearly so compelling as it may initially appear. It may be that many individuals
have been maintaining two contradictory views:
that all actions must be selfist
fallen into just
this predicament.
values he supports as a member of the military are inconsistent with egoism.
Why couldn't an egoist logically be a career soldier? After all the service
does have its attractive features; with personal desires for a secure job, a
guaranteed income,
early retirement, leadership opportunities, travel, and
excitement, couldn't a person select a military career because it satisfied his
Certainly.
Without doubt satisfying one's needs and otherwise
serving self-interest are goals for virtually everyone choosing the service
There is no denying that everyone is partially, perhaps inescapably,
motivated by self-interest.
But could a person who was motivated only by self-
interest pursue a military career? It is unlikely but possible that he could.
such a person be a military professional? Decidedly not.
Once again one encounters the distinction between the professional and the
person who soldiers only for pay. It is neither merely a semantic distinction
nor a wholly arbitrary or subjective one.
As the very name of the vocation
implies, those who select military service as a profession are placing them-
selves at the disposal of others.
They are pledging to direct their efforts
toward the national, not their personal, welfare.
They will routinely be expected
to subordinate their own interests to those designated by someone else as being
the interests of the unit or of the nation.
Without doubt those broader interests
will sometimes conflict with pure self-interest. In such circumstances one
could hardly expect the egoist in uniform to act as a professional. Would it be
reasonable to think that a person, motivated solely by self-interest, would
unhesitatingly obey an order that places his life in extreme danger? Or that he
would be the source of
not it on i are core prode one ato an the ma lary a requence,
antithetical to egoism.
This conclusion does not imply that there are numerous egoists in uniform
ho ought to change careers or, at least, admit that they are unprofessional
On the contrary,
those ranks may contain many dedicated, self-sacrificing professionals who pay
unwitting homage to an egoist perspective that does not accurately reflect their
true values.
7

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 2860, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Are there any practical consequences to these conclusions or are
Although military officers may not recognize the contradiction
between etnical relativism or egoism and the nature of the military protession,
the consequences
of holding inconsistent convictions are anything but trivial.
Like so many other social institutions, the military profession suffers today
from a spiritual malaise that undercuts our collective confidence, saps our
energy, and produces a cynicism that seems to feed on itself. The problems may
be due in no small part to confusion about values.
Several of the important values traditionally espoused in the military
profession have already been named in this essay. They include commitments to
uphold national principles, subordination ol' personal interests, obedience
courage, and loyalty.
But each of these is in conflict with either relativisn
or egcium or both.
What happens, then, when a person who thinks he is persuaded
by the relativist or egoist arguments attempts to commit himself to a profession
that maintains the importance of values inconsistent with those theories?
best the confusion causes only a minor dimunition of moral certainty. But all
too likely the insequences wand be more prolound.
rol example, the protessior
irges us to be prevared to make the ultimate sacrifice in defense of the values
articulated by Washington, Jefferson, and others.
Yet relutivism tells us that,
from an objective standpoint, these cannot be shown to have ar treater moral
merit than the values held by King George III, Mussolini, or •. Stalin.
while our oath of office commits us to endure danger in order
eistem is cationg trace on nature a endured prent order a genuine sears,
If we are confident that, put to the test, we could be counted upon
to act in consonance with our professional values, we
are probably implying that
our belief in the relativist or egoist propositions is less enduring than our
patriotic or professional devotion.
Beliefs to which we cling tightly in times of crisis, we often squander
foolishly when faced with subtler challenges.
How do we respond, for example,
to a proffered assignment that probably will not enhance our career? We may
acknowledge that the position needs a competent individual, but we would prefer
that it be some other competent individual.
likely to regard the argument that, as professionals, we ought to subordinate
our personal interests tu the greater common good? As we deal with the problem,
our confusion about egoism or relativism can have insidious consequences.
we do not see our colleagues rushing to sacrifice themselves, we may conclude
that the egoists have it right: people do not willfully act against their self-
calt it self-sacrifice--but we are anything but convinced that self-
sacrifice is acially practiced or even possible.
preacheù by the hypocrites.
8

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 361, "chars": 2248, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'.
A clearer understanding of egoism and relativism will not, of course, cause
careerism or other professional maladies to disappear.
such understanding can,
however, reassure us what the values of the profesnion, the ones that may well
have attracted us to service in the first place, are not illogical or unrealistic
We may come to doubt the opinion thal all value systems are of equal
we may decide that a particular system may indeed be of superior worth.
The result can be a renewed and enhanced appreviation of the values contained in
the constitution we are pledged to defena.
le may conclude as well that the
egoist does not have the only viable xplanation oi human nature and that all
peal, to not necessary a ways sender t
The result can be a new willingness
in ourselves and others,
at least the possibility of genuinely unselfish
Acknowledging that such behavior is possible constitutes a first sten
toward agreeing that it can rightly be expected of a military professional.
both cases the process begins with ricognition that neither the relativists nor
the egoists have a corner on the truth and that competing views have much to
recommend them.
While each of us is undoubtedly aware of lapses in professional behavior,
by ourselves and others, we should celebrate the daily observation ui performance
that reflects genuine commitment to traditional values.
If there is confusion
in speaking about values, the actions of many people in uniform speak louder
than words.
People do, at least on occasion, give evidence that they can dis-
criminate among value systems and that they can act in the interests of others
at some personal cost (while yet ignorantly claiming to agree with rela-
tivists and egoists who argue that this is not so). Clearing up the confusion
can have important beneficial effects.
It can reduce the temptation, when we
are frustrated or disillusioned, to lower our personal standards and our expec-
It can also enhance our professional sense of self-worth by permitting
us to take full credit for our dedication and self-sacrifice.
We can respond
with confidence to cynios and naysayers and can come to regard the profession's
espousal of traditional values as noble yet realistic, demanding yet attainable.
9
