{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T00:45:53Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 924473, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/examples.pdf", "source_sha256": "49662c991dc9886e44c2be56a3dbfeb75b0588539191fe158ad276f2dc5e1c9c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 552, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DECLASSIFICATION EFFORTS AND RESEARCH OF:
THE BLACK VAULT
THE BLACK VAULT IS THE LARGEST ONLINE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT/ GOVERNMENT
RECORD CLEARING HOUSE IN THE WORLD. THE RESEARCH EFFORTS HERE ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DECLASSIFICATION OF THOUSANDS OF DOCUMENTS THROUGHOUT THE U.S. GOVERNMENT,
AND ALL CAN BE DOWNLOADED BY VISITING:
HTTP://WWW.BLACKVAULT.COM
YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO FORWARD THIS DOCUMENT TO YOUR FRIENDS, BUT
PLEASE KEEP THIS IDENTIFYING IMAGE AT THE TOP OF THE
PDF SO OTHERS CAN DOWNLOAD MORE!

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2619, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S. Department of Justice
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Washington, D.C. 20535
July 11, 2014
MR. JOHN GREENEWALD JR.
FOIPA Request No.: 1266015-001
Subject: GARRISON, EARLING CAROTHERS
Dear Mr. Greenewald:
This is in response to your Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request.
Based on the information you provided, we conducted a search of the Central Records System and the
Electronic Surveillance (ELSUR) indices.
We were unable to identity additional main file records responsive to the
FOIA. It you have additional intormation pertaining to the subject that you believe was of investigative interest to the
Bureau, please provide us the details and we will conduct an additional search.
Records which may have been responsive to your request were destroyed 1/1/1994; 6/24/1994; 12/1/1994;
and 7/1/1997. Since this material could not be reviewed, it is not known if it was responsive to your request.
Record retention and disposal is carried out under supervision of the National Archives and Records Administration
(NARA), Title 44, United States Code, Section 3301 and Title 36, Code of Federal Regulations, Chapter 12,
Sub-chapter B, Part 1228. The FBI Records Retention Plan and Disposition Schedules have been approved by the
United States District Court for the District of Columbia and are monitored by NARA.
Additionally, a search of the Central Records System maintained at FBI Headquarters indicated that
potentially responsive records have been sent to NARA. If you wish to review these potentially responsive records,
send your request to NARA at the following address using file number 44-HQ-41824 and 173-HQ-6450 as a
reference:
National Archives and Records Administration
8601 Adelphi Road
College Park, MD 20740-6001
For your information, Congress excluded three discrete categories of law enforcement and national security
records from the requirements of the FOIA. See 5 U.S. C. § 552(c) (2006 & Supp. IV (2010). This response is
limited to those records that are subject to the requirements of the FOIA. This is a standard notification that is given
to all our requesters and should not be taken as an indication that excluded records do, or do not, exist.
within sixty (60) days from the date of this letter in order to be considered timely. The envelope and the letter shouk
be clearly marked "Freedom of Information Appeal." Please cite the FOIPA Request Number in an
Enclosed for your information is a copy of the FBI Fact Sheet and Explanation of Exemptions.
Sincerely,
abust 3
David M. Hardy
Section Chief,
Record/Information
Dissemination Section
Records Management Division
Enclosure

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 461, "chars": 3082, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ORBUSTICE
FBI FACT SHEET
• The primary function of the FBI is national security.
• The FBI does not keep a file on every citizen of the United States.
• The FBI was not established until 1908 and we have very few records prior to the 1920s.
• FBI files generally contain reports of FBl investigations of a wide range of matters, including
counterterrorism, counter-intelligence, cyber crime, public corruption, civil rights, organizec
crime, white collar crime, major thefts, violent crime, and applicants
• The FBI does not issue clearances or non-clearances for anyone other than its own
personnel or persons having access to FBI facilities. Background investigations for security
clearances are conducted by many different Government agencies. Persons who received a
clearance while in the military or employed with some other government agency should contact
that entity. Most government agencies have websites which are accessible on the internet
which have their contact information.
An identification record or "rap sheet" is NOT the same as an "FBI file." It is a listing of
information taken from fingerprint cards and related documents submitted to the FBI in
connection with arrests, federal employment, naturalization or military service. The subject of a
"rap sheet" may obtain a copy by submitting a written request to FBI, Criminal Justice Information
Services (CJIS) Division, Record Request, 1000 Custer Hollow Road, Clarksburg, West Virginia
26306. Along with a specific written request, the individual must submit a new full set of his/her
fingerprints in order to locate the record, establish positive identification, and ensure that an
individual's records are not disseminated to an unauthorized person. The fingerprint submission
must include the subject's name, date and place of birth. There is a required fee of $18 for this
service, which must be submitted by money order or certified check made payable to the
Treasury of the United States. A credit card payment option is also available. Forms for this
option and additional directions may be obtained by accessing the FBI Web site at
www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/background-checks/background_checks.
The National Name Check Program (NNCP) conducts a search of the FBI's Universal Index
(UNI) to identify any information contained in FBI records that may be associated with an
individual and provides the results of that search to a requesting federal, state or local agency.
Names are searched in a multitude of combinations and phonetic spellings to ensure all records
can result in several "hits" and "idents" on an individual. In each instance where UNI has
identified a name variation or reference, information must be reviewed to determine if it is
applicable to the individual in question.
• The Record/Information Dissemination Section (RIDS) searches for records and provides
copies of FBI files responsive to Freedom of Information or Privacy Act (FOIPA) requests for
file search and differs from the NNCP search.
FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE FBI, VISIT OUR WEBSITE AT
www.fbi.gov
1/26/2012

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 643, "chars": 4674, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(b) (1)
(b) (2)
(b)(3)
(b) (4)
(b)(5)
(b) (6)
(b)(7)
(b)(8)
(b) (9)
(d) (5)
(i) (2)
(k)(1)
(k) (2)
(k)(3)
(k)(4)
(k)(5)
(k) (6)
(k)(7)
EXPLANATION OF EXEMPTIONS
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552
(A) specifically authorized under criteria established by an Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national
defense or foreign policy and (B) are in fact properly classified to such Executive order;
related solely to the internal personnel rules and practices of an agency;
specifically exempted from disclosure by statute (other than section 552b of this title), provided that such statute(A)
requires that the matters be withheld from the public in such a manner as to leave no discretion on issue, or (B)
establishes particular criteria for withholding or refers to particular types of matters to be withheld;
trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential;
inter-agency or intra-agency memorandums or letters which would not be available by law to a party other than an
agency in litigation with the agency;
personnel and medical files and similar files the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of
personal privacy;
records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes, but only to the extent that the production of such law
enforcement records or information (A) could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings, (B
) would deprive a person of a right to a fair trial or an impartial adjudication, ( C) could reasonably be expected to
constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal
privacy, (D) could reasonably be expected to disclose the identity of
confidential source, including a State, local, or foreign agency or authority or any private institution which furnished
information on a confidential basis, and, in the case of record or information compiled by a criminal law enforcement
authority in the course of a criminal investigation, or by an agency conducting a lawful national security intelligence
investigation, information furnished by a confidential source, (E) would disclose techniques and procedures for law
enforcement investigations or prosecutions, or would disclose guidelines for law enforcement investigations or
prosecutions if such disclosure could reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law, or (F) could reasonably
be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any individual;
contained in or related to examination, operating, or condition reports prepared by, on behalf of, or for the use of an
agency responsible for the regulation or supervision of financial institutions; or
geological and geophysical information and data, including maps, concerning wells.
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552a
information compiled in reasonable anticipation of a civil action proceeding;
material reporting investigative efforts pertaining to the enforcement of criminal law including efforts to prevent,
control,
for reduce crime or apprehend criminals;
information which is currently and properly classified pursuant to an Executive order in the interest of the national
defense or foreign policy, for example, information involving intelligence sources or methods;
investigatory material compiled for law enforcement purposes, other than criminal, which did not result in loss of a
right, benefit or privilege under Federal programs, or which would identify a source who furnished information
pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence;
material maintained in connection with providing protective services to the President of the United States or any other
individual pursuant to the authority of Title 18, United States Code, Section 3056;
required by statute to be maintained and used solely as statistical records;
investigatory material compiled solely for the purpose of determining suitability, eligibility, or qualifications for
Federal civilian employment or for access to classified information, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity
of the person who furnished information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence;
testing or examination material used to determine individual qualifications for appointment or promotion in Federal
Government service he release of which would compromise the testing or examination process;
material used to determine potential for promotion in the armed services, the disclosure of which would reveal the
identity of the person who furnished the material pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in
confidence.
FBI/DOJ
