{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-10T23:55:20Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 18, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1241338, "source_ctime_ns": 1790472906329058090, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/executive-order-11652.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790472801715433776, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/executive-order-11652.pdf", "source_sha256": "48a98bc6adc0d81c9920d409704866013c5b2e473371d8c35c2517e4870601f2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 103, "chars": 772, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Approved For Release 2005/06/07 : CIA-RDP80B01495R000200090013-0
20 April 1972
MEMORANDUM FOR THE RECORD
fication of National Security Information and Material"
Executive Order 11652, approved on 8 March 1972 and effective
which had been the basic regulation in the field of protection of national
security information since it was issued in 1953. Issuance of the new
Order was the culmination of a prolonged study of the problem of pro-
tecting national security information by an interdepartmental committee
1971.
A. The definitions of the three categories of national security
ened. "National security information" is broadened.
"third agency" rule is not retained in the new Order.
C.
specified officials.
The authority to classify information is delegated to certain

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 128, "chars": 909, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ized to exempt from automatic declassification certain information,
including information "pertaining to cryptography, or disclosing
shall be kept to the absolute minimum consistent with national security
fication rules. Declassification of information classified under E. O.
required by the General Declassification Schedule.
lished, and its work prescribed, to assist the National Security Council
to monitor the implementation of the Order. Also, each department or
agency head is to designate a senior official to "ensure effective compli-
Committee to oversee the administration of the Order within the depart-
ment.
of the NSC directive also would be effective 1 June 1972.
I. Prior to the effective date of the Order, each department
mittee for approval a copy of the regulations it proposes to adopt pur-
that departmental regulations be submitted by 15 May.
Summary of Basic Features
ing paragraphs.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 450, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A. National Security Information - Definitions
"foreign relations", the latter to "foreign policy'.)
grave damage to the national security. Examples of 'exceptionally
grave damage' include armed hostilities against the United States or
fication shall be used with the utmost restraint,ại
the national security. Examples of 'serious damage' include disrup-
shall be sparingly used.Ịi
4. " 'Confidential' refers to that national security information
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 90, "chars": 730, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Approved For Release 2005/06/07 : CIA-RDP80B01495R005200090013-0
classification shall be whether its unauthorized disclosure could rea-
ing, Accountability, Transmission, Disposition and Destruction)
shall issue directives ... to protect classified information from loss
sary for the performance of his duties. "
notice of its classified contents. "
persons.ẠỊi
or otherwise shall be properly protected. "
(e) "Appropriate accountability records for classified
mation and material shall be protected adequately during all
transmissions.ẠỊạỊ
United States Code and other applicable statutes.iại
2. The requirement above that access to classified information
or material be granted only as is necessary for the performance of one's

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 123, "chars": 1084, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
otherwise compromised. "
C. Delegation of Authority to Classify
'Top Secret':
(a) The heads of the following departments, agencies
and offices:
(1) The White House Office;
(2) National Security Council;
(3) Office of Management and Budget;
(4) Domestic Council;
(5) Office of Science and Technology;
(6) Office of Emergency Preparedness;
(7) President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board;
(8) Council on International Economic Policy;
(9) Council of Economic Advisers;
(10) National Aeronautics and Space Council;
(11) Office of Telecommunications Policy;
(12) Central Intelligence Agency;
(13) Atomic Energy Commission;
(15) Department of the Treasury;
(16) Department of Defense;
(17) Department of the Army;
(18) Department of the Navy;
(19) Department of the Air Force;
(20)
Agency;
(21) Department of Justice;
(22) National Aeronautics and Space Administration; and
(23) Agency for International Development.
(b) Such "of their senior principal deputies and assistants
as" such heads "may designate in writing".
Approved For Release 2005/06/07 : CIA-RDP80B01495R000200090013-0

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 140, "chars": 1134, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
c. SuchỗẠheads and senior principal deputies and assist-
ants of major elements of such" departments, agencies and
offices as the heads designated in subparagraph 1. (a) above,
may designate in writing.
2. Only the following persons may classify information as
"Secretl:
(a) Officials who are authorized to classify information
as "Top Secret"'.
(b) Such subordinates of any official authorized to classify
(c) "The heads of the following named Departments and
such senior principal deputies or assistants as they may desig-
nate in writingỊạ
(1) Department of Transportation;
(2) Federal Communications Commission;
(3) Export-Import Bank of the United States;
(4) Department of Commerce;
(5) United States Civil Service Commission;
(6) United States Information Agency;
(7) General Services Administration;
(8) Department of Health, Education, and Welfare;
(9) Civil Aeronautics Board;
(10) Federal Maritime Commission;
(11) Federal Power Commission;
(12) National Science Foundation;
(13) Overseas Private Investment Corporation.
and by such officials as they may designate in writing.
D. Requirements for Classifying Information
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 64, "chars": 450, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
in order to conceal inefficiency or administrative error, to prevent
embarrassment to a person or Department, to restrain competition
interest of national security.ỊiỊ
2. The 'Top Secret" classification "shall be used with the
utmost restraint.ẠỊ
partmentation systems. '
practicable, be so marked as to indicate which portions are classi-
fied, at what leve!, and which portions are not classified in order
to facilitate excerpting and other use.
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 104, "chars": 820, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to his identity is required.
United States by a foreign government or international organiza-
tion shall either retain its original classification or be assigned
a United States classification. In either case, the classification
information or material. "
classified. "
"Restricted Data" (atomic energy information) and
Energy Act.
E. Declassification and Downgrading
is to issue directives to require that all classified 'information or
and destruction at the earliest practicable date.iẠỊạỊ
2. Information originated after 1 June 1972.
(a) General Declassification Schedule. Classified infor-
downgraded in accordance with the following timetable:
'(1) 'Top Secret. ' Information or material originally
classified 'Top Secret' shall become automatically down-
graded to 'Secret' at the end of the second full calendar

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 211, "chars": 1452, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dar year following the year in which it was originated,
following the year in which it was originated.
(2) 'Secret. ' Information and material originally
to 'Confidential' at the end of the second full calendar year
following the year in which it was originated, and declassi-
fied at the end of the eighth full calendar year following the
year in which it was originated.
(3) 'Confidential. ' Information and material originally
fied at the end of the sixth full calendar year following the
year in which it was originated. "
(b)
Exemption from General Declassification Schedule
(1) Any official authorized to classify information as
"Top Secret" may exempt from the General Declassifica-
tion Schedule (GDS) "any level of classified information or
materiali originated by him or under his supervision fall-
ing within one of the following categories:
(i) Classified information or material furnished
by foreign governments or international organizations and
held by the United States on the understanding that it be
kept in confidence.
(ii) Classified information or material specifically
covered by statute, or pertaining to cryptography, or dis-
closing intelligence sources or methods.
(iii) Classified information or material disclosing
a system, plan, installation, project or specific foreign
relations matter the continuing protection of which is
essential to the national security.
sure of which would place a person in immediate jeopardy.
9

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 170, "chars": 1244, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(2) In any such exemption action 'the official shall
specify in writing on the material the exemption cate-
gory being claimed and, unless impossible, a date or
event for automatic declassification. "
(3) The use of the above exemption authority "shall
be kept to the absolute minimum consistent with national
security requirementsiỊ
(c) Mandatory Review of Exempted Material (10 Year
Review)
Upon request by another department of government or a
or material, such information shall be reviewed for declassifi-
cation.
(1) If the information continues to qualify for exemp-
(2) If the information no longer qualifies for exemp-
tions, it shall be declassified.
(d)
Declassification After 30 Years
All such classified information not earlier declassified
becomes automatically declassified 'at the end of thirty full
calendar years after the date of its original classification"
unless the head of the department "personally determines in
or disclosure would place a person in immediate jeopardy. "
In such case he shall also specify the period of continued
classification.
3. Information originated before 1 June 1972.
(a) Such information, if assigned to Group 4 under E.O.
10501, is subject to the General Declassification Schedule above.
10

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 167, "chars": 1148, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(CIA information is not in Group 4, but it may be that Central
and responsibility for Group 4 documents.)
(b) All other information classified before 1 June 1972
(assigned to Groups 1, 2 or 3) is exempt from the General
year review (above), upon request.
(c) Information classified before 1 June 1972 which is
menti. (Thus, the review is to be made by each department.)
The department head shall, in each case, "specify the period
of continued classification. " The Archivist has addressed a
"at the Assistant Secretary level' be designated to work with
the Archivist on this aspect. A meeting for those selected is
set for 28 April at the National Archives Building.
F. National Security Council and Committee Review
tation of this Order.iỊẠỊ
2. To assist the National Security Council, an Interagency
Classification Review Committee is established, to be composed of
"and a Chairman designated by the President. " Representatives of
other departments may be invited to meet with the Committee on mat-
ters of particular interest to those departments. The Committee shall
sider and take action on suggestions and complaints from persons within
11

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 73, "chars": 506, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the Committee to carry out its functions. "
3. Lach department head is to designate "a senior member
G. Disciplinary Requirements
sarily classifies or over-classifies information or material shall be
notified that his actions are in violation of the terms of this order or
Council. Repeated abuse of the classification process shall be grounds
order that corrective steps may be taken.ạẠạ
order or a directive of the President issued through the National Secu-
Justice.ồỊ
STAT
Associate General Counsel
12

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 301, "chars": 2043, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Classification and Declassification of
National Sccurity Information
and Material
Executive Order 11652. March 8, 1972
The interests of the United States and its citizens are
best served by making information regarding the affairs
of Government readily available to the public. This con-
cept of an informed citizenry is reflected in the Freedom
of Information Act and in the current public information
policies of the executive branch.
Within the Federal Government there is some official
information and material which, because it bears directly
duct of our foreign relations, must be subject to some
constraints for the security of our Nation and the safety
of our people and our allies. To protect against actions
hostile to the United States, of both an overt and covert
nature, it is essential that such official information and
material be given only limited dissemination.
This official information or material, referred to as
classified information or material in this order, is ex-
pressly exempted from public disclosure by Section 552
(b) (1) of Title 5, United States Code. Wrongful dis-
closure of such infornation or material is recognized in
the Federal Criminal Code as providing a basis for
prosecution.
To ensure that such information and material is pro-
tected, but only to the extent and for such period as is
necessary, this order identifies the information to be pro-
tected, prescribes classification, downgrading, declassifi-
cation and safeguarding procedures to be followed, and
establishes a monitoring system to ensure its effectiveness.
Now, THEREFORE, by virtue of the authority vested in
me by the Constitution and statutes of the United States,
it is hereby ordered:
SECTION 1. Security Classification Categories. Official
information or material which requires protection against
fense or foreign relations of the United States (hercin-
after collectively termed "national security") shall be
classified in one of three categories, namcly "Top Secret,"
"Secret,' or "Confidential,' depending upon the degree

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 719, "chars": 5261, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Approved For Release 2005/06/07 : CIA-RDP80B01495R000200090013-0
of its significance to national security. No other categories
(3) Such heads and senior principal deputies and
shall be used to identily official information or material
assistants of major clements of such Departments, as the
as requiring protection in the interest of national security,
heads of such Departments may designate in writing.
except as otherwise expressly provided by statute. These
Such offices in the Exccutive Office of the President
classification categories are defined as follows:
as the President may designate in writing
(A) "Top Secret?" "Top Secret" refers to that na-
Central Intelligence Agency
tional security information or material which requires the
Atomic Energy Commission
highest degree of protection. The test for assigning "Top
Department of State
Secret" classification shall be whether its unauthorized
Department of the Treasury "
disclosure could reasonably be expected to cause excep-
Department of Defense
tionally grave damage to the national security. Examples
Department of the Army
of exceptionally grave damage" include armed hostili-
Department of the Navy
ties against the United States or its allics; disruption of
Department of the Air Force
forcign relations vitally affecting the national security; the
United States Arms Control and Disarmament
compromise of vital national defense plans or complex
Agency
cryptologic and communications intelligence systems; the
Department of Justice
revelation of sensitive intelligence opcrations; and the dis-
National Acronautics and Space Administration
closure of scientific or technological developments vital to
Agency for International Development
national security. This classification shall be used with the
(B) The authority to originally classify information or
utmost restraint.
material under this order as "Secret" shall be exercised
(B) "Secret." "Secret' refers to that national security
information or material which requires a substantial de-
gree of protection. The test for assigning "Secret" classi-
fication shall be whether its unauthorized disclosure could
' reasonably be expected to cause serious damage to the
national security. Examples of "serious damage include
disruption of foreign relations significantly affecting the
national security; significant impairment of a program or
policy directly related to the national security; revelation
of significant military plans or intelligence operations; and
compromise of significant scientific or technological devel-
opments relating to national security. The classification
"Secret" shall be sparingly used.
(C) "Confidential.' "Confidential' refers to that na-
tional security information or material which requires
protection. The test for assigning "Confidential'' classifi-
cation shall be whether its unauthorized disclosure could
reasonably be expected to cause damage to the national
(1) Officials who have "Top Secret" classification
authority;
(2) Such subordinates as officials with "Top Secret"
classification authority under (A) (1) and (2) above
may designate in writing; and
(3) The heads of the following named Departments
and such senior principal deputies or assistants is they
may designate in writing.
Department of Transportation
Federal Communications Commission
Export-Import Bank of the United States
Department of Commerce
United States Civil Service Commission
United States Information Agency
General Services Administration
Department of Health, Education, and Welfare
Civil Aeronautics Board
Federal Maritime Commission
Federal Power Commission
SEC. 2. Authority to Classify. The authority to orig-
National Science Foundation
inally classify information or material under this order
Overseas Private Investment Corporation
shall be restricted solely to those offices within the execu-
(G) The authority to originally classily information
live branch which are concerned with matters of national
or material under this order as "Confidential" may be
security, and shall be limited to the minimum number
exercised by officials who have "Top Secret' or "Secret"
absolutely required for efficient administration. Except as
classification authority and such officials as they may
the context may otherwise indicate, the term "Depart-
designate in writing.
ment" as used in this order shall include agency or other
(D) Any Department not referred to herein and any
governmental unit.
Department or unit established hercafter shall not have
(4) 'The authority to originally classify information
authority to originally classify information or material
or material under this order as "Top Secret" shall be
under this order, unless specifically authorized hereafter
exercised only by such officials as the President may desig-
by an Executive order.
nate in writing and by:
Sec. 3. Authority to Downgrade and Declassify. The
(1) The heads of the Departments listed below;
authority to downgrade and declassify national security
(2) Such of their senior principal deputies and assist-
information or material shall be exercised as follows:
ants as the heapłoved PspReteasen2005Æ96/04e iCIA-RDP80B0(495R00020009004zumy be downgraded or
writing; and
declassified by the official authorizing the original clas-

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 878, "chars": 6194, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
pproved For Release 2005/06/07 : CIA-RDP80B01455R000200090013-
sification, by a successor in capacity or by a supervisory
B) identracation of Classifyns Authority. Unless ti
oficial of either.
Department involved shall have provided some other
(B) Dowugrading and declassification authority may
method of identifying the individual at the highest level
also be exercised by an official specifically authorized un-
that authorized classification in cach case, material classi-
der regulations issued by the head of the Department
fied under this order shall indicate on its face the identity
listed in Sections 2(A) or (B) hereof.
of the highest authority authorizing the classification.
(C) In the case of classified information or material
Where the individual who signs or otherwise authenticates
officially transferred by or pursaant to statute or Execu-
a document or item has also authorized the classification,
tive order in conjunction with a transfer of function and
no further annotation as to his identity is required.
not merely for storage purposes, the receiving Depart-
(C) Information or Material Furnished by a Foreign
ment shail be deemed to be the originating Department
Government or International Organization. Classified
for all purposes under this order including downgrading
information or material furnished to the United States
by a foreign government or international organization
(D) In the case of classified information or material
shall cither retain its original classification or be assigned
not officially transferred within (C) above, but originated
a United States classification. In cither case, the classi-
in a Department which has since ceased to exist, each
fication shall assure a degrce of protection equivalent to
Department in possession shall be deemed to be the origi-
that required by the government or international organiza-
nating Department for all purposes under this order. Such
tion which furnished the information or material.
information or material may be downgraded and declas-
(D) Classification Responsibilities. A holder of classi-
sified by the Department in possession after consulting
fied information or material shall observe and respect the
with any other Departments having an interest in the
classification assigned by the originator. If a holder
subject matter.
believes that there is unnecessary classification, that the
(E) Classified information or material transferred to
assigned classification is improper, or that the document
the General Services Administration for accession into
is subject to declassification under this order, he shall so
the Archives of the United States shall be downgraded
inform the originator who shall thereupon re-examine
and declassified by the Archivist of the United States in
the classification.
accordance with this order, directives of the President is-
SEc. 5. Declassification and Downgrading. Classified
sucd through the National Security Council and perti-
information and material, unless declassified earlier by
nent regulations of the Departments.
the original classifying authority, shall be declassified and
(F) Classified information or material with special
downgraded in accordance with the following rules:
markings, as described in Section 8, shall be downgraded
(A) General Declassification Schedule.
and declassified as required by law and governing
(1) Top Secret." Information or material originally
regulations.
classified 'Top Secret shall become automatically down-
Suc. 4. Classification. Each person possessing classi-
graded to "Secret at the end of the second full calendar
fying authority shall be held accountable for the propriety
year following the year in which it was originated, down-
of the classifications attributed to him. Both unnecessary
graded to "Confidential" at the end of the fourth full
classification and over-classification shall be avoided.
calendar year following the year in which it was origi-
Classification shall be solcly on the basis of national secu-
nated, and declassified at the end of the tenth full calendar
rity considerations. In no case shall information be clas-
year following the year in which it was originated.
sified in order to conceal incfficiency or administrative
(2) "Secret." Information and material originally
error, to prevent embarrassment to a person or Depart-
classified "Secret" shall become automatically down-
ment, to restrain competition or independent initiative,
graded to "Confidential' at the end of the second full
or to prevent for any other reason the reicase of informa-
calendar year following the year in which it was origi-
tion which does not require protection in the interest of
nated, and declassified at the end of the cighth full cal-
national security. The following rules shall apply to clas-
endar year following the year in which it was originated.
sification of information under this order:
(3) "Confidential." Information and material origi-
(A) Documents in General. Each classified document
nally classified "Confidential"' shall become automatically
shall show on its face its classification and whether it is
declassified at the end of the sixth full calendar year
subject to or exempt from the General Declassification
following the ycar in which it was originated.
Schedule. It shall also show the office of origin, the date of
(B) Exemptions from General Declassification Sched-
preparation and classification and, to the extent practica-
ule. Certain classified information or material may war-
ble, be so marked as to indicate which portions are clas-
rant some degree of protection for a period exceeding
sified, at what level, and which portions are not clas-
that provided in the General Declassification Schedule.
sified in order to facilitate excerpting and other use. Mate-
An official authorized to originally classify information
rial containing references to classified materials, which
or material "Top Secret" may exempt from the General
references do not reveal classified information, shall not
Declassification Schedule any level of classified informa-
be classified.
Approved For Release 2005/06/07: ClARDP&980114952000209990913 ander his supcrvi-

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 843, "chars": 5787, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sion if it falls within one of the categories described below.
In cach case such official shall specify in writing on the
material the exemption category being claimed and,
unless impossible, a date or event for automatic declassifi-
cation. The use of the exemption authority shall be kept
to the absolute minimum consistent with national security
requirements and shall be restricted to the following
(1) Classified information or material furnished by
foreign governments or international organizations and
held by the United States on the understanding that it be
kept in confidence.
(2) Classified information or material specifically cov-
ered by statute, or pertaining to cryptography, or disclos-
ing intelligence sources or methods.
(3) •Classified information or material disclosing a
system, plan, installation, project or specific foreign rela-
tions matter the continuing protection of which is essential
to the national security.
(4) Classified information or material the disclosure
of which would place a person in immediate jeopardy.
(C) Mandatory Review of Exempted Material. All
classified information and material originated after the
effective date of this order which is exempted under (B)
above from the General Declassification Schedule shall be
subject to a classification review by the originating De-
partment at any time after the expiration of ten years from
the date of origin provided:
(1) A Department or member of the public requests
(2) The request describes the record with sufficient
particularity to enable the Department to identify it; and
(3) The record can be obtained with only a reason-
able amount of effort.
Information or material which no longer qualifies for ex-
emption under (B) above shall be declassified. Informa-
tion or material continuing to qualify under (B) shall
be so marked and, unless impossible, a date for automatic
declassification shall be set.
(D)) Applicability of the Gencral Declassification
Schedule to Previously Classified Material. Information
or material classified before the effective date of this order
and which is assigned to Group 4 under Executive Order
No. 10501, as amended by Exccutive Order No. 10964,
shall be subject to the General Declassification Schedule.
fective date of this order, whether or not assigned to
Groups 1, 2, or 3 of Executive Order No. 10501, as
amended, shall be excluded from the General Declassi-
fication Schedule. However, at any time after the expira-
tion of ten years from the date of origin it shall be subject
to a mandatory classification revicw and disposition under
the same conditions and criteria that apply to classified in-
formation and material created after the effective date of
this order as set forth in (B) and (C) above.
terial After Thirty Years. All classified intormation or ma-
terial which is thirty ycars old or more, whether originating
before or after the effective date of this order, shall be
declassified under the following conditions:
(1) All information and material classified after
the effective date of this order shall, whether or not de-
classification has been requested, become automatically
declassified at the end of thirty full calendar years after
the date of its original classification except for such spe-
cifically identified information or material which the head
of the originating Department personally determines in
writing at that time to require continued protection be-
cause such continued protection is essential to the national
sccurity or disclosure would place a person in immediate
jeopardy. In such case, the head of the Department shall
also specify the period of continued classification.
(2) All information and material classified before
the effective date of this order and more than thirty years
old shall be systematically reviewed for declassification
by the Archivist of the United States by the end of the
thirticth full calendar year following the year in which it
was originated. In his review, the Archivist will separate
specifically identified by the head of the Department in
accordance with (E) (1) above. In such case, the head of
the Department shall also specify the period of continued
classification.
(F) Departments Which Do Not Have Authority For
Original Classification. The provisions of this section relat-
ing to the declassification of national sccurity information
or material shall apply to Departments which, under the
terms of this order, do not have current aathority to origi-
nally classify information or material, but which formerly
had such authority under previous Executive orders.
SE.c. 6. Policy Directives on Access, Marking, Safekeep-
ing, Accountability; Transmission, Disposition and De-
struction of Classified Information and Material. The
President acting through the National Sccurity Council
shall issue directives which shall be binding on all De-
partments to protect classified information from loss or
compromise. Such directives shall conform to the follow-
ing policics:
(A) No person shall be given access to classified
information or material unless such person has been
determined to be trustworthy and unless access to such
information is necessary for the performance of his duties.
(B) All classified information and material shall be
appropriately and conspicuously marked to put all per-
sons on clear notice of its classified contents.
(C) Classified information and material shall be used,
possessed, and stored only under conditions which will
prevent access by unauthorized persons ör dissemination
to unauthorized persons.
(D) All classified information and material dissem-
inated outside the exccutive branch under Executive
Order No. 10865 or otherwise shall be properly protected
information shall be established and maintained and such

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 804, "chars": 5636, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
information and male ear he pretease dequad: Classied inferm495 000200090013-0
classificd information or material. Such programs shall in-
during all transmissions.
clude, as a minimum, the briching of new employces and
(F) Classified information and material no longer
periodic reorientation during employment to impress
needed in current working files or for reference or record
upon cach individual his responsibility for exercising
purposes shall be destroyed or disposed of in accordance
vigilance and care in complying with the provisions of this
with the records disposal provisions contained in Chapter
order. Additionally, upon termination of employment or
contemplated temporary separation for a sixty-day period
applicable statutes.
(G) Classified information or material shall be re-
viewed on a systematic basis for the purpose of accom-
plishing downgrading, declassification, trausfer, retire-
ment and destruction at the carliest practicable date.
SEC. 7. Inplementation and Review Responsibilities.
(A) The National Security Council shall monitor the
implementation of this order. To assist the National Secu-
rity Council, an Interagency Classification Review Com-
mittee shall be established, composed of representatives of
the Departments of State, Defense and Justice, the Atomic
Energy Commission, the Central Intelligence Agency and
the National Security Council Staff and a Chairman des-
ignated by the President. Representatives of other De-
partments in the executive branch may be invited to meet
with the Committee on matters of particular interest to
those Departments. This Committce shall meet regularly
and on a continuing basis shall review and take action
to ensure compliance with this order, and in particular:
(1) The Committee shall oversce Department actions
to ensure compliance with the provisions of this order and
implementing directives issued by the President through
the National Security Council.
(2) The Committee shall, subject to procedures to be
established by it, receive, consider and take action on sug-
gestions and complaints from persons within or without
the government with respect to the administration of this
order, and in consultation with the affected Department
or Departments assure that appropriate action is taken on
such suggestions and complaints.
(3) Upon request of the Committee Chairman, any
Department shall furnish to the Committe any par-
ticular information or material needed by the Committee
in carrying out its functions.
(B) To promote the basic purposes of this order, the
head of each Department originating or handling classi-
fied information or material shall:
(1) Prior to the effective date of this order sulmit to
the Interagency Classification Review Commitice for ap-
proval a copy of the regulations it proposes to adopt pursu-
ant to this order.
(2) Designate a senior member of his staff who shall
ensure effective compliance with and implementation of
this order and shall also chair a Departmental com-
mittee which shall have authority to act on all sugges-
tions and complaints with respect to the Department's
administration of this order.
(3) Undertake an initial program to familiarize the
or more, employees shall be debriefed and each reminded
of the provisions of the Criminal Code and other appli-
cable provisions of law relating to penalties for unau-
thorized disclosure.
(C) The Attorncy General, upon request of the head
of a Department, his duly designated representative, or
the Chairman of the above described Committee, shall
personally or through authorized representatives of the
Department of Justice render an interpretation of this
order with respect to any question arising in the course
of its administration.
SEc. 8. Material Covered by the Atomic Energy Act.
Nothing in this order shall supersede any requirements
made by or under the Atomic Energy Act of August 30,
1954, as amended. "Restricted Data," and material desig-
nated as "Formerly Restricted Data," shall be handled,
protected, classified, downgraded and declassified in con-
formity with the provisions of the Atomic Energy Act of
1954, as amended, and the regulations of the Atomic
Energy Commission.
SEc. 9. Special Departmental Arrangements. The orig-
inating Department or other appropriate authority may
impose, in conformity with the provisions of this order,
special requirements with respect to access, distribution
and protection of classified information and material,
including those which presently relate to communications
intelligence, intelligence sources and methods and
SEc. 10. Exceptional Cases. In an exceptional case
require classification, such person or Department shall
protect that information in the manner prescribed by
this order. Such persons or Department shall transmit the
information forthwith, under appropriate safeguards, to
the Department having primary interest in the subject
matter with a request that a determination be made as to
classification.
SEc. 11. Declassification of Presidential Papers. The
Archivist of the United States shall have authority to
review and declassify information and material which has
been classified by a President, his White House Staff or
special committee or commission appointed by him and
which the Archivist has in his custody at any archival
depository, including a Presidential Library. Such de-
classification shall only be undertaken in accord with:
(i) the terms of the donor's deed of gift, (ii) consulta-
tions with the Departments having a primary subject-
and orientation programs for employees concerned with
Government Officials. The requirement in Section 6(A)

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2751, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Approved For Release 2005/06/07 : CIA-RDP80B01495R000200090013-0
that access to classified information or material be granted
only as is necessary for the performance of one's duties
shall not apply to persons outside the exccutive branch
who are engaged in historical rescarch projects or who
have previously occupied policy-making positions to which
they were appointed by the President; Provided, how-
ever, that in cach case the head of the originating Depart-
ment shall:
(1) determine that access is clearly consistent with the
interests of national security; and
(ii) take appropriate steps to assure that classified
information or material is not published or otherwise
compromised.
Access granted a person by reason of his having previously
occupied a policy-making position shall be limited to those
papers which the former official originated, reviewed,
signed or received while in public office.
SEC. 13. Administrative and Judicial Action.
(A) Any officer or employce of the United States who
unnecessarily classifies or over-classifies information or
material shall be notified that his actions are in violation
of the terms of this order or of a directive of the President
issued through the National Security Council. Repeated
abuse of the classification process shall be grounds for an
administrative reprimand. In any case where the Depart-
mental committee or the Interagency Classification Re-
view Committee finds that unnecessary classification or
over-classification has occurred, it shall make a report to
the head of the Department concerned in order that
corrective steps may be taken.
(B) The head of cach Department is directed to take
prompt and stringent administrative action against any
officer or employee of the United States, at any level of
employment, determined to have been responsible for
any release or disclosure of national security information
or material in a manner not authorized by or under this.
order or a directive of the President issued through the
National Security Council. Where a violation of criminal
statutes may be involved, Departments will refer any
such case promptly to the Department of Justice.
SEC. 14. Revocation of Executive Order No. 10501.
Executive Order No. 10501 of November 5, 1953, as
amended by Exccutive Orders No. 10816 of May 8, 1999,
No. 10901 of January 11, 1961, No. 10964 of Septem-
ber 20, 1961, No. 10985 of January 15, 1962, No. 11097
of March 6, 1963 and by Section 1(a) of No. 11382 of
November 28, 1967, is superseded as of the effective
date of this order.
• SEc. 15. Effective Date. This order shall become effec-
tive on June 1, 1972.
RICHARD NIXON
The White House
March 8, 1972
Approved For Release 2005/06/97anC|A&RDP89B91495R000200090013-0
March 9, 1972]
