{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T15:04:13Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1577976, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/extraterrestrial-life-in-the-universe-10-pages.pdf", "source_sha256": "608fcbe435dc280b813acb21c5abfa24ccbe5c086d5f4dc11ef6424fc4483198"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 552, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DECLASSIFICATION EFFORTS AND RESEARCH OF:
THE BLACK VAULT
THE BLACK VAULT IS THE LARGEST ONLINE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT/ GOVERNMENT
RECORD CLEARING HOUSE IN THE WORLD. THE RESEARCH EFFORTS HERE ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DECLASSIFICATION OF THOUSANDS OF DOCUMENTS THROUGHOUT THE U.S. GOVERNMENT,
AND ALL CAN BE DOWNLOADED BY VISITING:
HTTP://WWW.BLACKVAULT.COM
YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO FORWARD THIS DOCUMENT TO YOUR FRIENDS, BUT
PLEASE KEEP THIS IDENTIFYING IMAGE AT THE TOP OF THE
PDF SO OTHERS CAN DOWNLOAD MORE!

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 68, "chars": 538, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
National Aeronautics and
Space Administration
Lewis Research Center
Cleveland, OH 44135-3191
Hept lo Attnot 0610
Лапиагу 20, 1998
John Greenewald, Jr.
SUBJECT: Freedom of Information Act Request No. 98-016
Enclosed as requested under the Freedom of Information Act, is a copy of NASA Technical
Memorandum 102363 "Extraterrestrial Life in the Universe," datod Echruary 1990.
There is no charge for provide you this information.
I may be of further assistance, please let mo know, (216-433-2755).
Virginia A. Bittinger
FOTA Officer
Setting

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 24, "chars": 181, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
-” . . .
pe os oe ee oe Ca a dP a
#

NASA Technical Memorandum 102363

Extraterrestrial Life in
the Universe

NASA Tht J023

Robert W. Graham
Lewis Research Center
Cleveland, Ohio

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 299, "chars": 2210, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NASA
1. Report No.
NASA TM- 102363
7 Tita erd Sittitle
Extraterrestrial Life in the Universe
Report Documentation Page
2. Government Accession No.
7. Authorist
Robert W. Graham
3. Recip ent's Catalog Vo.
5. Report Date
February 1990
6. Parlorming Organizamen Code
9. Perorning Organzalion Repot No.
E-5080
10. Work Unit No.
111. Cort-act or Grant No.
13. Typa of Report and Period Covered
Technical Memorandunn
14. Spersoring Agency Code
9. Portorming Organization Name and Address
Nacional Aeronautics and Space Administration
Lewis Research Center
Cleveland: Obio 44135-3191
12. Sponsoring Agancy Name and Addrest
National Aeronautics and Space Administration
Washington, D.C. 20546-0001
15. Supplementary Notes
A shortened version of this material was presented at the Lewis Special Sumner Lecture Series sponsored by
NASA Lewis Research Center, Cleveland, Ohio, July 18, 1989.
15.
Abstract
The possibility that life exists elsewhore in the universe, even in our own planetary system, bas ictigued scientists,
philosophers, and theologians for centuries. The spacetlight programs of NASA have provided mach new infommation
about our planctary neighbors and hare put to rest some speculations about the existence of lite on those planet or
their satellites. Hoseser, there are still undetermined questions about the possibility of sume form of life existir in
the far distant past in our planetary system. Beyond our planetary system, the astronomical quest for scientific c ues
abour life continues largely via the radio telescope. Thus far there is no conclusive evidence. Can it be that the carth
conlains the only for of life in this vast universe? In this report, some of the recent findings about our planetary
neighbors are revicwed and the question about life elsewbere in the universe is addressed.
17. Kay woras (Suggested by Authors)
Extraterrestrial life
Planetary exploration
Cosmology
i8. Distribution Statement:
Unclassitied - Unlimiled
Subject Category 85
19. Security Classil. (et this repor
Unclassified
MASA FORTH 1828 OCT B6
20. Securiy classil. (ot this dage)
Enclassified
Ter. No of pages
11
"For sale by the Natioräl Technical Intormation Service, Springled Vrginia 22'€1
2z Price
AUS

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 766, "chars": 4777, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Summary
The possibility that life exists elsewhere in the universe, even
in our owo planetary system, has intrigued scientists,
philosophers, and theologians for centuries. The spaceflight
programs of NASA have provided much new information
about but plenetary neighbors and have put to rest some
speculatons about the existence of life on those plancts or their
satellites. However, there are still undetermined questions
about the possibility of some form of life existing in the far
distant past in our planetary system. Beyond our planetary
system, the astronomical quest for scientific clues abour life
continues, largely via the radio telescope. Thus far there is
no conclusive evidence. Can it be thar the Earth contains the
only form of life in this vast universe? In this report, some
uf the recent findings about our planetary neighbors are
reviewed and the question about life elsewhere in the universe
is addressed.
Introduction
From the dawn of recorded history, the human race has
wondered about its place in the universe. Today me ask the
same old questions that our ancestors have asked for chousands
of years. Who am I? Why am I here? Am I unique to the
universe? The only thing that has changed abunt these questions
is that through science we know more abuut ourselves, other
animal life, and the physical universe all around us. The stories
chat explain our existence and the beginnings of the world or
the universe have taken on more grandeur than the early oral
mytbs passed along from generation to geceration by the
patriarchs of'early civilizations, Today's stories or myths have
been embellished by the weath ofthe new knowledge we are
accumulating at an ever-incrcasing rate. Our concepts of the
universe and the creative process wichin the cosmic system
outshine the most grandiose fantasies of old.
Those prominences, or flares, on our Sun (shown in fig. 1)
have been studied by NASA in the Hi-Max program, and can
be the source of severe communications disruption. Our Sun
is juse one sun in a galaxy of a thousand billion suns, ar stars.
Most of these stars are much largor and more energeric than
curs. However, measured in any energy scale, our Sun delivers
energy at a rate beyond comprehension. In one ten-millionth
of a second, it delivers an energy amount equivalent to all the
nuclear bombs made in the world: Our galazy, known
affectionately as the "Milky Way," is only one of one hundred
billion galaxies that populate the universe. The enormity of
the universe causes us to wonder about the prospects of x ther
planetry systems revolving about a sun with life on ore of
ils planets. On this subject we can only speculate because our
instruments a notyet sensitive enough to detect planetary
systems revolving about even the closest stars.
The advanced state of cur knowledge causes us to ponder
tore tervently about our scisence in the universe. Can it be
that we are unique? Is it possible that we bumans represent
the only advanced form of lite in the whole creation? Perhaps
the question suggested by the astronomer Sebastian Von
Hoemer (ref. 1) is more appropriate: *Where is cverybody?*
in such a universe.
Meanwhile, Is dawn ot space exploration has been allowing
us to inspect at close range the planets, and their moons, of
our splendid plinetary system As MASA approached this
venture, the agency soughero chock out old speculations about
some forms of 1 fe on the nearby planets of Mars and Venus.
Are the markin, s our telescopes revealed on Mars c eature-
made capals? What sorts of atmospheres and temperat ires are
present on Venus? Does water exist on nur Moon?
Let us review some of the principal findings of our recent
planetary exploration. What havo we learned about our
planetary neighbors? Dotbey show signs of life existing nor
or hefore?
Unmanned Missions
The unmanned missions to the planets began in the early
1960's. The spacecrafi for chose missions contained some forn
otonboard ciectric power, sensors and specialized instruments,
data processing equipment, communication transmission, and
trajectory control. The first of chese (shown in fig. 2j were
called "Mlariners." They were employed in the investigations
of the near planets Mercury, Venus, and Mars. Larger and
more complex craft, called *Pioneers" (shout in fig. 3), were
developed to explore the more distant planets and Mi send
probes into the atmosphere of Venus. Figure 4 is a photo ot
the "Viking" spacecraft which was designed and built for the
investigation of Mars. Prior tophe Moon landings, "Surveyor"
spacccraft (fig. 5) were sent to the Moon's surtace to obtain
more reliable information concerning the condition of the
surface. Some of the most remarkable achievements of the
space program have been the missions to the outer planets

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 47, "chars": 326, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Teguise E.R roriiienmios of Su,

MARINER SPACECRAFT FAMILY

7

WAR IHCA U1 MARINES 1

Se

wee °.
13

saiz MARINO VENUS TNF gu) LAMAR INER MARS 1964 --as-aqune

leone 2. ata ie? span cal,

BSc

Figure 300 Pioneer spectee rath fan lery.

a
pa

Wet dt, ae spuicen rll.

Pagure: 5.—Survewir spucecratt,

Figen: Fomor act Sp TUE.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 481, "chars": 3042, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
29408
9409
using the "Voyager" spacecraft shown in figure 6. Two of
them were launched by Lewis launch crews in 1977 on Titan-
Centaur Boosters.
Earth's Moon
Our Moon (fig. 7) has been the object of both scientific and
romantic inquiry for centuries. Landing a man on the Moon
became a national goal for the 1960's. The Apollo project
became the best known and most watched technical venture
of all history (fig. B). As a result of man's exploration, we
have a wealth of information about the Moon. It is best
described as a gigantic fossil whose continuing study is
revealing much about our Farth and the entire solar system.
We know that there has been no significant volcanic activity
for at least three billion years, yet the geological surface is
much like Earth's. In contrast to Earth, there is absolutely no
water in either a frec or combined state. The origin of the
Moon remains a big question. There are no signs of any form
of life, past or present.
Mereury
For discussion purposes we begin our description of the
planetary explorations with the Mariner mission to Mercury,
the planet nearest the Sun. Figure 9 is a general view of that
planet and figure 10 is a closeup. Mercury resembles our Moon
and is also devoid of any acmosphere. It takes 59 Earth days
to make one rotation, and the surface temperature fluctuates
between 950 °F on the Sun side to -350 *F on the dark side
of the planct.
Venus
The planet Venus has often been referred to as Earth's twin.
It is about the same size, shows evidences of an atmosphere.
and is covered by clouds (fig. 11). Even in recent times it was
looked upon as a possible place for some form of life to exist.
However, these speculations have proven to be without
foundation. Venus is starkly different from Earth.
In the early 1960's both the Soviet Union and the United
States began spacecraft explorations of Venus. At first they
were flyby missions with the Soviet "Venera"" and United
States "Mariner" space probes. The Sovie: Union's first
successful scientific landing was in October 1967. In 1974,
our Mariner 10 obtained the first pictures of Venus made from
a spacecraft using ultraviolet imaging.
The most significant scientific mission to Venus took place
in 1978 when NASA launched two spacecraft in a coordinated
observation of the planet. Pioneer I (as depicted in fig. 12),
was designed to orbit the planet for at least one year and gather
radar images of the topology. Pioneer II (fig. 13) was a
multiprobe vehicle that separated into five atmospheric entry
-89-09403
Figure 1.—Earth's Moon
C-89-09405
Figure 8.—Astronaut on Moon
craft which entered Venus* atmosphere at different points on
the day and night sides of the planet. The Pioneer mission of
six observing spacecraft was highly successful. In fact, Pioneer I
has been sending hack images of that planet's surface for more
than 10 years.
The space missions to Venus have revealed that Venus is
a very hot (850 °F) planet with a dense atmosphere of CO
Its cloud cover is approximately 10 miles thick. The surface

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 264, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C-83-09110
Figure 12.—Pioneer orbiting Venus.
C-89-09411
Figure S.—Placet Mercury.
L-8I-09415
Figure .0.—Planet Mercury (closeup)-
Figure 13.— Pioneer multiprobe entry craft.
C-3
-09413
Figure 11. Plane Venus.
LC-89-99416
Figure 14. —Mars Canyon-Valles Marineris.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 609, "chars": 3788, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
efthe planet is completely fudden by the clonds. Radar images
of the surface reveal that it has a platcan iwice as large as
anything оп Carh A mountain on this plateau is higher than
Mt, Everest, and it has volcunic codina that rival the size of
the Hawaiian Islands.
Carried into Earth oralt in the spring of 1969 on board the
space shuttle "Arlantis"* was the newest Venus space probo,
"Magellan." which will carry out the most extensive
investigation of any of the planetary missions to date. Through
the use of a special bigh-resolution radar, it will map over
90 percent of the planet's surface in great derail. The primary
goal of the mission is to leatr more sbout the geological history
of Venus. The greenhouse effect ot its COy atmosphere is ot
great interest because ofour own planet's problems with that
phenorenon.
13-89-29417
iviars
Our closest planezary neighbor, farther out from the Sun,
is Mars. Telescopic observatinos of that planet revealed
canallike images over much of the surface. Some hare even
speculated chat these were not nacural—but creature-made. The
get "Martian'" was ocined in casa such creatures did eniot.
As part of the Bicentennial Celebratiun in 1976, Tie sent
deo venicles to Mars, Each vehicle comprised an orbiter abd
alander. The orbiters systematically photographed the surface
ane the overal weather conditions, while the landers observed
the physical changes at their respective sites and made
mezoorological measurements. These Viking spacecraft have
enabled the eutire surface of Mars to be photographed. The
scasinal changes ot the planet have been documented. One
of the Viking orbiters same within 20 miles of one of the
Martian moons while pholographing it. We now know a great
deal about this planet
One of the things we have learned is thai the canals, or
channels, are not creature-made--they are batural. Figure 1.4
is an image of a caryor that is 3000 mies long and 4 miles
deep. There are other channels that appear to have been cut
by torrents of water, several of them are esumated to be 10,000
times grealer than the volumetric flow of the Amazon River.
The terrain suggests that at one time there were great rivers
and octans on Mars, However, no figuil water exists on Mars
not. Tife may have existed on this planet, but there is no
conclusive proof ef its existence today, In an interesting bur
controversial book by Pichard C. Hoagland (nef. 2), the author
proposes that some of the NASA pictures suggest that an
ancient civilization may have existed there.
The atmosphere of Mars is mostly carbon dioxide, but it also
includes oxygen and water vapor. The amospheric pressure
if so low (one percent of Earth'si chat blood would boil and
water cannot exist in liquid forma. It is a cold place, with
equatorial tamperatures failing to 150 °F below zero at night.
The soil is rich in iron, giving the planet is characterisrie
red hue. One ofits volcanic mountains is luce umes as high
Figare 15 —Planet Jonier
4-59-09119
Figure 19. -Planet Sarun..
as Mt. Everest, and is hase is approximately 325 miles in
diameter.
Jupiter: Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune
The two largest planets in the solar system urg out beyond
Mars-intact. far begund Mars. These are Jupiter and Sanur.
Beautiful images o these plancts arc shown in figures 15 ani
I5, respectively Norene expects to find any forms of plart
or aninal life on thest sicilar to bat on Earth. Thora planes
are ofiners because of their immensity, and they are thougto
lo harber clues ahoutbe beginnings of cur planetary systern.
Their composition is argely hydrogen, so they beir mine
similarity to stari.
The NASA space probes to these planets have made mech
news during bueir lifetimes. Two identical Vuyager spaccert
were launched ahout a month apart in : 977 on a long joere!

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 513, "chars": 3284, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
lo approach chese pianets at relatively close range 5o that
pictures could be made and other datalaken These spacecralt
have passed by both planers and anı back remarkable closeup
images of euch.
The thousands al'images that these TV cameras have trans-
mulled to Carth will keep scientists basy for many years.
Dramaric closeup images of the "red eye" of Jupiter werc
male as illustrated in figure 17.
In less than one week, more information was learned abour
Saturn from Voyager 1 than was known from centuries of
astronomical observations, Among the new findings were:
Saturn has something like 1000 rings—not 6 as the Earth
relescopes had discerned. Figure 18 is the ring simucture as
acen by Voyager. Some of the rings are toly ecceniric and
even appear to be braided. There seemato be a spokelike
structure in some regions on the rings.
A total inventory of 17 moons has seen observed in orbits
around Satarn. Que pithe largest noons in the solar system,
Tican, was found to have a cloudy nitrogen atmosphere—not
methane, 4s assumco by scientists. The surface of Titan was
Found to be a cold - 300 "F—too cold to support life. The
ather principal moons observed showed craters and volcanoes
on theit surfaces. Two now moons wero discovered almost
erhedded in the edge of the ring atructure. Voyager 1, its
Saturn mission complete, left the solar system in 1981 end
will wander through interstellar space forever.
During the last seck of August 1981, Voyager 2 had its
rendezvous with Saturn and passed closer to the planct than
did Voyager 1. The thousands of imagcs transmittzd have
provided che basis of additional informatioo about Saturn, is
moons, god its rings. It sped away frono Sarurn to encounter
tbe planet Cranes in 1906. Uranus has its axis of rotation in
the plane of its orbir. It is too distant to be studied in any detail
from Earthbound observationa. Voyager 2's 1986 images et
Uranus, its moons, and its rings provided long-awaited
astronomical data. Distant and closeup images of this planer
are shown in figures 15 and 20.
In lato Augus: 1980, Voyager 2 made irs historio final
enconer with bur soter system when it passed within 3044 miles
bE Nepune and observed is largest men, Titon. Remarkaliy,
the spacecrafi missed ils target trajectory by only 3 miles altitude
and 31 miles lateral displacement as it sped by the planet. A
huge atmospheric dark spot, the size of Eth, was observed to
he rotating aound the planet ey IS.3 hours A Arteller spot,
lower in latitude, was rotating at an even fister rate. A strong
magnetic field, tilted at 50" to the rotational axis of the planet,
was discovered. Voyager 2 akko discovered six new satellites,
making a total of eight satellites around Meptune. Thize rings
sinclar to those of Saurt were identified as girding the planer.
Although the cocounter with Nept was engrossing, more
exetenient seemed to be generated when voyager passed over
Tillou. This no is lage enough to have its own almoaphete.
Much of its surface had the textured appeararce of a canteloupe
On closer scrutiny, the soniace cundition suggested volcanic
activity at cryogenic temperatures, with methane ice being
6
404754
Figure 17. Esd sto el dupiler.
Figure LE.—Rines of 5ahırn.
Fieure 19,-Planet Dramus.
CR7-079
є-E9-С9ИI?)
L• E9-09400.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 666, "chars": 4200, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Figure 20.—Clusemp Sf Uruus.
E-99-09001
Figure 21.—Feлолеn recording on Voyager.
blown out by liquid nitrogen geysers, The temert of Triton
was -400 °F, the coldest temperature of any body observed
in Uit entire planciary sysiern. The diameter of this moo was
delennined to be 1690 miles and it rotated in the opposite
direction D that of Neptune. Voyager 3 now joins its twin
spacecraft as it leaves the planetary systzin descined for a cosmic
jnumey into the galazy.
Because both Voyagers are descined to meander in interstellar
saace, it scemed appropriate to equip the spacecrof with some
kind of identitication chat would tell something about the
senders. On the chance that some creature might intercept one
ofthe Voyagers, a permanent phonograph and the equipment
to play the phonograph areon board.A photo of the phono-
graph record in shown in ligure 21. This was Carl Sagan's
iden. Pictures in computerized acalog form, muste, and voice
recordings, are included. The pictures include a variety of
people, animals, birds, dur planet cities, automobiles, etc.—
atetal ofover 100 images, Admitedly, the prospect of another
civilization intercepring either of these spacerratt is very slight.
bur there is always that possibility.
Speculation on Extraterrestrial Life
It has been proven rather conclusively that the Earth contains
the only form of animal life in our planetary system at the
present time. Mars may have supported life at some earlier
time. The uniqueness of our existence in this system should
remind us of our fragility and nar utter dependence on a en-
planet habitat. Although nothing comparable to our planet
seems to co-etist within a distance ofa few billion miles, we
cannot say that life does not exist in other solar syscems in
stellar space, Ferhaps the enhanced versarility and capability
of the Hubble telescope to be launched in 1990 will aid in
finding other planets orbiting around suns in the cosmic
structure of the universe. I am ope ofthose who believes tbat
life elscwhere must exist. For usto be the only citizens of
this vast universe is a preposterous idea, io my view.
Perhaps the reason we have not made contact with other
intelligent creatures is because our detection technology is nor
yet sufficiently advanced. Since the late 1940s, an
international group of astronomers has been listening intently
to their radio telescopes to discern a faint signal—perhaps a
radio wave sent out by some creature an another planet. Thus
far, no such signal has been detected amid the noisy radiation
sent out by the stars.
There is the possibility that we are known by others. Some
of our earliest radio signals may have traveled 40 or 50 light
years into space. If our activity has not been detected, perhaps
our planetary system has been-or at lcast our Sun has been
observed by another civilization.
In a stimulating article on this subject that appeared in the
November-December 1980 issue of the American Sctennist
(ref. 3), John Ball guessed that humans are in the median level
of intelligent civilizations of the universe. About half are more
advanced and an cqual number are less advanced. In our
galaxy, severzl cosmologists have estimated that one-lenth of
one percent of the stars are capable of having systems that
coné support life (approximately one billion stars).
The possibility that life exists elsewhere in the universe is
not a new conjecture. A loth century Dominican monk.
Giordano Bruno, was burned at the stake because he dared
to proclaim that "beings inhabit an infiniude of ttorlds."
Christian Huygens, a 17th century physicist, argued that our
Sun was just another star and that "other stars also had great
retinues of planets with their moons around thets."*
The ISth century English poet, Alexander Pope, wide these
words (ret. 4):
"See worlds on worlds compose one utiverse,
Observe how system into systens runs,
What ther planets circle ocher suns,
What varied being peoples every star.
May tell why Heavo has made us as we are.."
I believe that some time in the future (it may be centunes
avay) hurrans wil be made aware of other civilizations
coexisting in the universe. That will be the most sensätional
news story of all times.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 61, "chars": 510, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
References
1. Von Hoomcc, S.: Astonomical Aspects ofInterstellar Cororounication.
Astronaul. Acta, vel. 15, Doc. 1973, PP. 421-430.
I. Hoagland, R.C.: Monuments oF Mars: A City on che Edge of Forever.
Mort Allantic Books, 1967.
3. Ball. DA.: Extraternestrial Intelligence: Where ia Everybody? Am. Sci.,
pol. 67, Not.-Der. 1980, PP. 055-663.
4. Pope, A.: An Essay on Man: 1o Four Episdes to Lord Holingbrake. The
Compkto Poctical Wirks of Fops, H.W. Boynt, ed., Houghton Mifflin
Co., Boston, 1931. fp. 137-155.
