{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T12:21:37Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1408912, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/file-2-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "fb52963b540c6d2a434fecfd8d44e14562647901c435a16a0ce0ee67619048ef"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 191, "chars": 1610, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S. Department of Justice
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Washington, D.C. 20535
April 22, 2014
MR. JOHN GREENEWALD JR.
FOIPA Request No.: 1224393-001
Subject: LAPAZ, LINCOLN
Dear Mr. Greenewald:
Section 552
Г (b)(1)
Г (b)(2)
Г (b)(3)
Г (D)(7)(А)
Г (b)(7)(B)
F (b)(7)(C)
Г (b)(7)(D)
Г (b)(7)(Е)
Г (b)(7)(F)
Г ((b)(8)
Г (b)(9)
Section 552a
Г (d)(5)
Г 0(2)
Г (К)(1)
Г (К)(2)
Г (К)(3)
Г (К)(4)
Г (К)(5)
Г (k)(6)
Г (К)(7)
Г (b)(4)
Г (b)(5)
F (b)(6)
3 pages were reviewed and 2 pages are being released.
• Document was located which originated with, or contained information concerning other Government
agency(ies) [OGA]. This information has been:
• referred to the OGA for review and direct response to you.
• referred to the OGA for consultation. The FBI will correspond with you regarding this information
when the consultation is finished.
In accordance with standard FBI practice and pursuant to FOIA exemption (b)(7)(E) and Privacy Act
exemption ()(2) [5 U.S.C. § 552/552a (b)(7)(E)/ü)(2)], this response neither confirms nor denies the existence
of your subject's name on any watch lists.
For your information, Congress excluded three discrete categories of law enforcement and national security
records from the requirements of the FOIA.
See 5 U.S. C. § 552(c) (2006 & Supp. IV (2010). This response is limited
to those records that are subject to the requirements of the FOIA. This is a standard notification that is given to all our
requesters and should not be taken as an indication that excluded records do, or do not, exist. Enclosed for your
information is a copy of the Explanation of Exemptions.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2686, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• You have the right to appeal any denials in this release. Appeals should be directed in writing to the Director, Office
of Information Policy (OIP), U.S. Department of Justice, 1425 New York Ave., NW, Suite 11050, Washington, D.C.
20530-0001, or you may submit an appeal through OP's eFOIA portal at http://www.justice.gov/oip/efoia-portal.html.
Your appeal must be received by OIP within sixty (60) days from the date of this letter in order to be considered timely.
The envelope and the letter should be clearly marked "Freedom of Information Appeal." Please cite the FOIPA
Request Number assigned to your request so that it may be easily identified.
• The enclosed material is from the main investigative files) in which the subjects) of your request was the focus of
the investigation.
Our search located additional references, in files relating to other individuals, or matters, which may
or may not be about your subjects). Our experience has shown when ident, references usually contain information
similar to the information processed in the main file(s). Because of our significant backlog, we have given priority to
processing only the main investigative file(s).
If you want the references, you must submit a separate request for them
in writing, and they will be reviewed at a later date, as time and resources permit.
See additional information which follows.
Sincerely,
David M. Hardy
Section Chief
Record/Information
Dissemination Section
Records Management Division
Enclosures (2)
Regarding your fee waiver request, for less than 250 pages it is unnecessary to adjudicate your fee waiver
because there are no assessable fees.
This material is being provided to you at no charge.
For your additional information, a record that may be responsive to your Freedom of Information Act request
has been transferred to the National Archives.
You may desire to direct a request to the National Archives, 8601
Adelphi Road, College Park, MD 20740-6001. Please reference the file numbers 100-HQ-435676 and
100-HQ-432807.
Records (105-HQ-48584), which may be responsive to your Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request, were
destroyed. Since this material could not be reviewed, it is not known if it was responsive to your request.
retention and disposal of records are govemed by statute and regulation under the supervision of the National Archives
and Records Administration (NARA), Title 44, United States Code, Section 3301 and Title 36, Code of Federal
Regulations, Chapter 12, Sub-chapter B, Part 1228. The FBI Records Retention Plan and Disposition Schedules have
been approved by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia and are monitored by NARA.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 637, "chars": 4629, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(b) (1)
(b)(2)
(b) (3)
(b) (4)
(b)(5)
(b)(6)
(b)(7)
(b)(8)
(b)(9)
(d) (5)
(i) (2)
(k)(1)
(k)(2)
(k)(3)
(k) (4)
(k)(5)
(k)(6)
(k)(7)
EXPLANATION OF EXEMPTIONS
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552
(A) specifically authorized under criteria established by an Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy
and (B) are in fact properly classified to such Executive order;
related solely to the internal personnel rules and practices of an agency;
specifically exempted from disclosure by statute (other than section 552b of this title), provided that such statute(A) requires that the matters
be withheld from the public in such a manner as to leave no discretion on issue, or (B) establishes particular criteria for withholding or refers to
trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential;
inter-agency or intra-agency memorandums or letters which would not be available by law to a party other than an agency in litigation with the
agency;
personnel and medical files and similar files the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy;
records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes, but only to the extent that the production of such law enforcement records or
information (A) could be reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings, ( B) would deprive a person of a right to a fair
trial or an impartial adjudication, ( C) could be reasonably expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy, (D) could
reasonably be expected to disclose the identity of confidential source, including a State, local, or foreign agency or authority or any private
institution which furnished information on a confidential basis, and, in the case of record or information compiled by a criminal law
enforcement authority in the course of a criminal investigation, or by an agency conducting a lawful national security intelligence
investigation, information furnished by a confidential source, (E) would disclose techniques and procedures for law enforcement
investigations or prosecutions, or would disclose guidelines for law enforcement investigations or prosecutions if such disclosure could
reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law, or (F) could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any
individual;
contained in or related to examination, operating, or condition reports prepared by, on behalf of, or for the use of an agency responsible for the
regulation or supervision of financial institutions; or
geological and geophysical information and data, including maps, concerning wells.
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552a
information compiled in reasonable anticipation of a civil action proceeding;
material reporting investigative efforts pertaining to the enforcement of criminal law including efforts to prevent, control, or reduce crime or
apprehend criminals;
information which is currently and properly classified pursuant to an Executive order in the interest of the national defense or foreign policy,
for example, information involving intelligence sources or methods;
investigatory material compiled for law enforcement purposes, other than criminal, which did not result in loss of a right, benefit or privilege
under Federal programs, or which would identify a source who furnished information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held
in confidence;
material maintained in connection with providing protective services to the President of the United States or any other individual pursuant to
the authority of Title 18, United States Code, Section 3056;
required by statute to be maintained and used solely as statistical records;
investigatory material compiled solely for the purpose of determining suitability, eligibility, or qualifications for Federal civilian employment
or for access to classified information, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person who furnished information pursuant to a
promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence;
testing or examination material used to determine individual qualifications for appointment or promotion in Federal Government service he
release of which would compromise the testing or examination process;
material used to determine potential for promotion in the armed services, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person
who furnished the material pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence.
FBI/DOJ

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 330, "chars": 2272, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FLYING SAUCER RESEARCHERS
G. P. O.. NOX 858.
BROOKLYN 1, N. Y
add
, The First Civilian Research
Group, established July 1951
to study all Saucer Phenomena
Latest reports listed and
analyzed in Flying Saucer
Review, printed Since Aug. 51
April 6 1954
Subject: Possible subversive ri
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Pennsylvania and 9th
Washington DC
Gentlemen;
they are worth.
From her actions, general attitudes, and methods, I am almost positive
]is part of some other group, possibly
subversive, investigating
field for possible civilian information on the subject.
From her attitude, toward
her contacting me twice
after I had written [
twice after long activity, his unusual willingne
to cooperate with our group, different from his previous
• CLosemouthed attitude
I am almost positive he 1s part of the same group, and either directs her, or
the entire group in New York City.
He does a great deal of travelling from
New Jork to Washington and Baltimore, anå may be some sort of courier.
A clipping
has come in that
'also previously listed,
states he is a
to PROFESSOR LINCOLN LAPAZ
In Albuquerque, now studying Meteoritics'.
I have nothing as to Professor
LaPaz's backgrounds other than he has given out some peculiarly mis-informative
ideas on the subject in recent years.
These Include: a widely circulated release that the Green fireballs were
not 'natural' phenomena, and probably were American secret weapons:
an article
in People Today that saucers and fireballs were probahly coming from northern
Russian Bases;
a news release that flying saucers over Northern Japan in
Jan. 1953, were probably Russian guaded missiles, contrary to all known
performances Of missiles.
After sending
ome special :
he mentioned after long delay that he had been on Cambridge, Mass.
normation on saucer reports,
Whether
'whor wrote a dellberately
misinformative and debunking
or not there 1s a connection book on
flying saucers,
lives near Cambridge
while working at Harvard.
According to some persons who have supposedly met
hes daughter, they are unquestlonably communists or fellow travellers. However,
I am not sure of the character of the persons who net"
Dega must state this
is only hearsay evidence.
To C114-01-53
(ED-45)
moms 08I 4-21-57
RECORDED 45
13 APR 23 1954
BET

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 171, "chars": 1066, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* We have also receive
ca
from a
tre subject: Her
18
ting af
number wa
given AS HE NEW LEADER MAGAZINE,
7 East 15th Street-A -5 8844. She 1e
sapposedly cooperating with the British Book Center,
in the publicising DI
books with
FLYING SAUCERS
HAVE LANDED. He will
our meeting
Friday April 9thg
has been especially
energetic in putting this
meeting: across, in spite
"material.
special efforts,
of the NY POST,
reporters to this meeting,
for a possible article
writeup.
seemed insistent that the Post be
contacted bather than
other newspapers, I have nothing to ada to
All infornation enclosed,
is sent for whatever value it may have. I will
artinue sending this, until I wither quit this group, or subject.
It should
be understood at all/times,
that this material is purely impressions I gather
from the behavior of the persons mentioned, and is not based on any concrete
facts I have been able to obtain.
It at any time you require correspondeno
on thèse or any 'other correspondents, my files abe at your disposal.
Sincerely,
FLYING SAUCER RESEARCHERS
ER/
Dir.
b7C
