{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T19:04:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 684769, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/foia-release-explores-uap-and-interstellar-object-discussions-between-dr-sean-kirkpatrick-and-dr-avi-loeb-4.pdf", "source_sha256": "2df554cb68e02425fe6070811c3884d2a67b294a835b71bc60fe54d84adab2eb"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 429, "chars": 3029, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S. Department of Justice
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Washington, D.C. 20535
January 24, 2024
MR. JOHN R. GREENEWALD JR.
SUITE 1203
27305 WEST LIVE OAK ROAD
CASTAIC, CA 91384
FOIPA Request No.: 1616197-000
Subject: Galileo Project
(Records On or After January 1, 2021)
Dear Mr. Greenewald:
The FBI has completed its search for records subject to the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) that
are responsive to your request. The enclosed 4 pages of records were determined to be responsive to your
subject and were previously processed and released. Please see the selected paragraphs below for
relevant information specific to your request as well as the enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for standard
responses applicable to all requests.
Г
Г
Г
In an effort to provide you with responsive records as expeditiously as possible, we are
releasing documents from previous requests regarding your subject. We consider your
request fulfilled. Since we relied on previous results, additional records potentially
responsive to your subject may exist. If this release of previously processed material does
not satisfy your request, you may request an additional search for records. Submit your
request by mail to Initial Processing Operations Unit; Record/Information
Dissemination Section; Information Management Division; Federal Bureau of
Investigation; 200 Constitution Drive; Winchester, VA 22602. You may also email
your response to foipaquestions@fbi.gov. Please include the FOIPA Request Number
listed above in your correspondence.
Please be advised that additional records responsive to your subject exist. If this release
of previously processed material does not satisfy your request, you must advise us that
you want the additional records processed. Please submit your response within thirty (30)
days to Initial Processing Operations Unit; Record/Information Dissemination
Section; Information Management Division; Federal Bureau of Investigation; 200
Constitution Drive; Winchester, VA 22602. You may also email your response to
foipaquestions@fbi.gov. Please include the FOIPA Request Number listed above in your
correspondence. If we do not receive your decision within thirty (30) days of the date
of this notification, your request will be closed.
One or more of the enclosed records were transferred to the National Archives and
Records Administration (NARA). Although we retained a version of the records previously
processed pursuant to the FOIA, the original records are no longer in our possession.
If this release of the previously processed material does not satisfy your request, you may
file a FOIPA request with NARA at the following address:
National Archives and Records Administration
Special Access and FOIA
8601 Adelphi Road, Room 5500
College Park, MD 20740-6001
Records potentially responsive to your request were transferred to the National Archives
and Records Administration (NARA), and they were not previously processed pursuant to
the FOIA. You may file a request with NARA using the address above.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 571, "chars": 4045, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Г
One or more of the enclosed records were destroyed. Although we retained a version of
the records previously processed pursuant to the FOIA, the original records are no longer
in our possession. Record retention and disposal is carried out under supervision of the
National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), Title 44, United States Code,
Section 3301 as implemented by Title 36, Code of Federal Regulations, Part 1228; Title
44, United States Code, Section 3310 as implemented by Title 36, Code of Federal
Regulations, Part 1229.10.
Г
Records potentially responsive to your request were destroyed. Since this material could
not be reviewed, it is not known if it was responsive to your request. Record retention and
disposal is carried out under supervision of the National Archives and Records
Administration (NARA) according to Title 44 United States Code Section 3301, Title 36
Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Chapter 12 Sub-chapter B Part 1228, and 36 CFR
1229.10.
Г
Documents or information referred to other Government agencies were not included in this
release.
Please refer to the enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for additional standard responses applicable to
your request. "Part 1" of the Addendum includes standard responses that apply to all requests.
includes additional standard responses that apply to all requests for records about yourself or any third party
individuals. "Part 3" includes general information about FBI records that you may find useful. Also
enclosed is our Explanation of Exemptions.
Additional information about the FOIPA can be found at www.fbi.gov/foia. Should you have
questions regarding your request, please feel free to contact foipaquestions@fbi.gov. Please reference the
FOIPA Request number listed above in all correspondence concerning your request.
Please be advised that if you are seeking a new search for records, you may wish to narrow the
scope of your request based on material that you have already received, e.g., timeframe or locality.
Additionally, be advised that "unusual circumstances" may apply. See 5 U.S.C. § 552 (a)(6)(B)(iii). These
"unusual circumstances" will delay our ability to make a determination on your request within 20 days. See 5
U.S.C. § 552 (a)(6)(B). Additionally, the payment of pertinent fees may apply to your request. See 5 U.S.C. §
552 (a)(4)(A)(viii). The application of "unusual circumstances" is not a determination of how the FBI will
respond to your substantive request.
If you are not satisfied with the Federal Bureau of Investigation's determination in response to this
request, you may administratively appeal by writing to the Director, Office of Information Policy (OIP), United
States Department of Justice, 441 G Street, NW, 6th Floor, Washington, D.C. 20530, or you may submit an
appeal through OIP's FOIA STAR portal by creating an account following the instructions on OP's website:
https://www.justice.gov/oip/submit-and-track-request-or-appeal. Your appeal must be postmarked or
electronically transmitted within ninety (90) days of the date of this response to your request. If you submit
your appeal by mail, both the letter and the envelope should be clearly marked "Freedom of Information Act
Appeal." Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified.
You may seek dispute resolution services by emailing the FBl's FOIA Public Liaison at
foipaquestions@fbi.gov. The subject heading should clearly state "Dispute Resolution Services." Please
also cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified. You may also
contact the Office of Government Information Services (OGIS). The contact information for OGIS is as
follows: Office of Government Information Services, National Archives and Records Administration, 8601
Adelphi Road-OGIS, College Park, Maryland 20740-6001, e-mail at ogis@nara.gov; telephone at 202-741-
21227
Sincerely,
Michael G. Seidel
Section Chief
Record/Information Dissemination Section
Information Management Division
Enclosures

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 774, "chars": 5632, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FBI FOIPA Addendum
As referenced in our letter responding to your Freedom of Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA) request, the FBI FOIPA Addendum
provides information applicable to your request. Part 1 of the Addendum includes standard responses that apply to all requests.
Part 2 includes standard responses that apply to requests for records about individuals to the extent your request seeks the listed
information. Part 3 includes general information about FBI records, searches, and programs.
Part 1: The standard responses below apply to all requests:
(1)
5 U.S.C. § 552(c). Congress excluded three categories of law enforcement and national security records from the
requirements of the FOIPA [5 U.S.C. § 552(c)]. FBI responses are limited to those records subject to the requirements of the
FOIPA. Additional information about the FBI and the FOIPA can be found on the www.fbi.gov/foia website.
(ii)
Intelligence Records. To the extent your request seeks records of intelligence sources, methods, or activities, the FBI can
neither confirm nor deny the existence of records pursuant to FOIA exemptions (b)(1), (b)(3), and as applicable to requests for
records about individuals, PA exemption (i)(2) [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a (b)(1), (b)(3), and (i)(2)]. The mere acknowledgment of the
existence or nonexistence of such records is itself a classified fact protected by FOIA exemption (b)(1) and/or would reveal
intelligence sources, methods, or activities protected by exemption (b)(3) [50 USC § 3024(i)(1)]. This is a standard response
and should not be read to indicate that any such records do or do not exist.
Part 2: The standard responses below apply to all requests for records on individuals:
(1)
Requests for Records about any Individual—Watch Lists. The FBI can neither confirm nor deny the existence of any
individual's name on a watch list pursuant to FOIA exemption (b)(7)(E) and PA exemption (i)(2) [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a
(b)(7)(E), (i)(2)]. This is a standard response and should not be read to indicate that watch list records do or do not exist.
Requests for Records about any Individual—Witness Security Program Records. The FBI can neither confirm nor deny
the existence of records which could identify any participant in the Witness Security Program pursuant to FOIA exemption
(b)(3) and PA exemption (i)(2) [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a (b)(3), 18 U.S.C. 3521, and (i)(2)]. This is a standard response and
should not be read to indicate that such records do or do not exist.
(ili)
Requests for Confidential Informant Records. The FBI can neither confirm nor deny the existence of confidential
informant records pursuant to FOIA exemptions (b)(7)(D), (b)(7)(E), and (b)(7) (F) [5 U.S.C.§ § 552 (b)(7)(D), (b)(7)(E), and
(b)(7)(F)] and Privacy Act exemption (j)(2) [5 U.S.C.§ 552a (j)(2)]. The mere acknowledgment of the existence or nonexistence of
such records would reveal confidential informant identities and information, expose law enforcement techniques, and endanger
the life or physical safety of individuals. This is a standard response and should not be read to indicate that such records do or do
Part 3: General Information:
(i)
(ii)
(ili)
Record Searches and Standard Search Policy. The Record/Information Dissemination Section (RIDS) searches for
reasonably described records by searching systems, such as the Central Records System (CRS), or locations where responsive
records would reasonably be found. The CRS is an extensive system of records consisting of applicant, investigative,
intelligence, personnel, administrative, and general files compiled by the FBI per its law enforcement, intelligence, and
administrative functions. The CRS spans the entire FBI organization, comprising records of FBI Headquarters, FBI Field Offices,
and FBI Legal Attaché Offices (Legats) worldwide; Electronic Surveillance (ELSUR) records are included in the CRS. The
standard search policy is a search for main entity records in the CRS. Unless specifically requested, a standard search does not
include a search for reference entity records, administrative records of previous FOIPA requests, or civil litigation files.
a. Main Entity Records - created for individuals or non-individuals who are the subjects or the focus of
an investigation
b. Reference Entity Records- created for individuals or non-individuals who are associated with a case
but are not known subjects or the focus of an investigation
FBI Records. Founded in 1908, the FBI carries out a dual law enforcement and national security mission. As part of this dual
mission, the FBI creates and maintains records on various subjects; however, the FBI does not maintain records on every
person, subject, or entity.
Foreseeable Harm Standard. As amended in 2016, the Freedom of Information Act provides that a federal agency may
withhold responsive records only if: (1) the agency reasonably foresees that disclosure would harm an interest protected by one
of the nine exemptions that FOIA enumerates, or (2) disclosure is prohibited by law (5 United States Code, Section
552(a)(8)(A)(i)). The FBI considers this foreseeable harm standard in the processing of its requests.
(iv)
from fingerprint cards and documents submitted to the FBI in connection with arrests, federal employment, naturalization, or
military service. For a fee, individuals can request a copy of their Identity History Summary Check. Forms and directions can
be accessed at www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/identity-history-summary-checks. Additionally, requests can be submitted
electronically at www.edo.cjis.gov. For additional information, please contact CJIS directly at (304) 625-5590.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 643, "chars": 4674, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(b)(1)
(b) (2)
(b) (3)
(b) (4)
(b) (5)
(b) (6)
(b)(7)
(b) (8)
(b)(9)
(d) (5)
() (2)
(k)(1)
(k)(2)
(k) (3)
(k) (4)
(k)(5)
(k)(6)
(k)(7)
EXPLANATION OF EXEMPTIONS
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552
(A) specifically authorized under criteria established by an Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign
policy and (B) are in fact properly classified to such Executive order;
related solely to the internal personnel rules and practices of an agency;
specifically exempted from disclosure by statute (other than section 552b of this title), provided that such statute (A) requires that the
matters be withheld from the public in such a manner as to leave no discretion on issue, or (B) establishes particular criteria for withholding
or refers to particular types of matters to be withheld;
trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential;
inter-agency or intra-agency memorandums or letters which would not be available by law to a party other than an agency in litigation with
the agency;
personnel and medical files and similar files the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy;
records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes, but only to the extent that the production of such law enforcement records
or information (A) could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings, (B) would deprive a person of a right to a
fair trial or an impartial adjudication, ( C) could reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy, (D)
could reasonably be expected to disclose the identity of confidential source, including a State, local, or foreign agency or authority or any
private institution which furnished information on a confidential basis, and, in the case of record or information compiled by a criminal law
enforcement authority in the course of a criminal investigation, or by an agency conducting a lawful national security intelligence
investigation, information furnished by a confidential source, (E) would disclose techniques and procedures for law enforcement
investigations or prosecutions, or would disclose guidelines for law enforcement investigations or prosecutions if such disclosure could
reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law, or (F) could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any
individual;
contained in or related to examination, operating, or condition reports prepared by, on behalf of, or for the use of an agency responsible for
the regulation or supervision of financial institutions; or
geological and geophysical information and data, including maps, concerning wells.
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552a
information compiled in reasonable anticipation of a civil action proceeding;
material reporting investigative efforts pertaining to the enforcement of criminal law including efforts to prevent, control, or reduce crime
or apprehend criminals;
information which is currently and properly classified pursuant to an Executive order in the interest of the national defense or foreign
policy, for example, information involving intelligence sources or methods;
investigatory material compiled for law enforcement purposes, other than criminal, which did not result in loss of a right, benefit or
privilege under Federal programs, or which would identify a source who furnished information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity
would be held in confidence;
material maintained in connection with providing protective services to the President of the United States or any other individual pursuant
to the authority of Title 18, United States Code, Section 3056;
required by statute to be maintained and used solely as statistical records;
investigatory material compiled solely for the purpose of determining suitability, eligibility, or qualifications for Federal civilian
employment or for access to classified information, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person who furnished
information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence;
testing or examination material used to determine individual qualifications for appointment or promotion in Federal Government service
the release of which would compromise the testing or examination process;
material used to determine potential for promotion in the armed services, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person
who furnished the material pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence.
FBI/DOJ

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 592, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
FOI/PA
DELETED PAGE INFORMATION SHEET
FOI/PA# 1597900-000
Total Deleted Page(s) = 24
Page 5 ~ b6; b7C; b7E;
Page 6 ~ b6; b7C; b7E;
Page 11 ~ b6; b7C; b7E;
Page 12 ~ b6; b7C; b7E;
Page 13 ~ b6; b7C; b7E;
Page 14 ~ b7E;
Page 15 ~ b6; b7C; b7E;
Page 16 ~ b6; b7C; b7E;
Page 21 ~ b6; b7C; b7E;
Page 22 ~ b6; b7C; b7E;
Page 23 ~ b6; b7C; b7E;
Page 24 ~ b6; b7C; b7E;
Page 25 ~ b6; b7C; b7E;
Page 26 ~ b6; b7C; b7E;
Page 27 ~ b7E;
Page 28 ~ b6; b7C; b7E;
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
X Deleted Page(s)
X
X No Duplication Fee X
X For this Page
X
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 79, "chars": 668, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FD-1057 (Rev. 5-8-10)
UNCLASSIFIED/ LESHO
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
Electronic Communication
Title: (U) The Galileo Project's
Research Approach
to UAP
Date:
11/22/2021
CC:
From:
contact:
Approved By: SIA
Drafted By:
Case ID #:
(U/ Dote) Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon -
Synopsis: (U) The Galileo Project research group will aim to identify
the nature of UAP and 'Oumuamua-like interstellar objects using the
standard scientific method based on a transparent analysis of open
scientific data to be collected using optimized instruments.
Reference:
Enclosure (s): Enclosed are the following items:
8.
9.
10.
11.
UNCLASSIFIED//FOUR
b3
b7E
b3
b7C
b7E
b7E
b6
b7C
b7E

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 234, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Po Pe
b6
b7C
b7E
UNCLASSIFIED / (E36,

Title: (U) The Galileo Project's Research Approach to UAP

The Galileo Project has a website at

www.projects.iq.harvard.edu/galileo and twitter handle GalileoProjectl.

¢

UNCLASSIFIED/ (Pet@
4

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 126, "chars": 864, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Title:
Re:
UNCLASSIFIED//EaSO
(U) The Galileo Project's Research Approach to UAP
11/22/2021
and were in the process of selecting their collection instruments. Too,
explained that
they planned to used known physics in their analysis, which he
explained through the following examples:
• In known physics, an alleged object that has infinite acceleration
would be detector ghosting or an electromagnetic/light phenomenon.
• In known physics, if something has hypersonic speed without a sonic
boom it would be caused by an electromagnetic effect.
• In known physics, if something is gravity-defying and hovers over the
earth, then it could be inferred to not be an object with mass
because it would not be obeying gravity.
As of 17 November 2021, the following 41
research team members were
listed on The Galileo Project website:
UNCLASSIFIED/ /ESHO
3
b7E
b7C
b6
b7C

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 205, "chars": 1539, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Title:
Re:
UNCLASSIFIED//ESTO
(U) The Galileo Project's Research Approach to UAP
111/22/2021
Details:
The Galileo Project, which is an initiative through Harvard
University to use small-aperture telescopes to analyze unidentified
aerial phenomena (UAP) •
As reported on 26 July 2021 in International Business Times, The Galileo
Project received $1.7 million dollars from private donors to look for
possible evidence of artifacts or equipment made by defunct or active
extraterrestrial technological civilizations (ETC).
and in a public announcement on their Youtube
channel streamed live
on 26 July 2021,
highlighted the three major
avenues of
research:
1. Obtain high-resolution, multi-detector UAP images, discover their
nature: a megapixel image of the exterior of a human-scale
UAP object at a distance of a mile will allow to distinguish:
planet Y." (Analyst Note:|
2. Search for and conduct in-depth research on 'Oumuamua-
like Interstellar Objects: space mission to image unusual
interstellar objects such as 'Oumuamua by intercepting their
trajectories on their approach to the Sun or by using ground-based
survey telescopes to discover interstellar meteors.
3. Search for Potential ETC satellites: design advanced algorithmic
and AI/DL object recognition and fast filtering methods.
In the 26 July 2021 public YouTube announcement,
stated the
researchers wanted no access to classified data so that their ability to
share data widely was not hindered. The researchers were meeting weekly
UNCLASSIFIED/ /EGUO
2
b7E
b7E
b7C
b7E
b7C
