{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T18:21:55Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 42533536, "source_ctime_ns": 1788303018321796189, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/foia-case-20-f-1095.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785546679440000000, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/foia-case-20-f-1095.pdf", "source_sha256": "e773c1f619eaabeb685007a3c70350ed41fc19fe1beca2f3cddfaa173b5a27fb"}

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
                       OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE/JOINT STAFF
                                  FREEDOM OF INFORMATION
                                   1155 DEFENSE PENTAGON
                                 WASHINGTON, DC 20301-1155


                                                                                  Ref: 20-F-1095
                                                                                   June 18, 2025

Mr. John Greenewald
The Black Vault, Inc.
27305 W. Live Oak Rd., Suite #1203
Castaic, CA 91384

Dear Mr. Greenewald:

       This is a final response to your May 16, 2020 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
request, a copy of which is enclosed for your convenience. The Office of the Secretary of
Defense/Joint Staff (OSD/JS) FOIA Requester Service Center received your request on
May 18, 2020, and assigned it FOIA case number 20-F-1095. We ask that you use this number
when referring to your request.

       The Office of the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs, a component
of OSD, conducted a search of their records systems and located 263 pages determined to be
responsive to your request. Ms. Tanya Rose, IM Director, Public Affairs; Mr. Paul Plescow,
Chief of Staff, Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security; Mr. C.C.
Davison, Chief, Records and Open Government, Defense Intelligence Agency; and
Mr. Richard Strong, Navy FOIA/PA Program Office, in their capacity as Initial Denial
Authorities, has determined that portions of the 263 responsive pages are exempt from release
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. § 552:

       (b)(3), information specifically exempted by a statute establishing particular criteria for
       withholding, applying 10 U.S.C § 424, which pertains to the protection of organizational
       and personnel information for DIA, NRO, and NIMA;

       (b)(5), inter- and intra- agency memoranda which are deliberative in nature; this
       exemption is appropriate for internal documents which are part of the decision-making
       process, and contain subjective evaluations, opinions and recommendations; and

       (b)(6), information which, if disclosed, would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion
       of the personal privacy of individuals.
       Please note that we have considered the foreseeable harm standard when reviewing
records and applying exemptions under the FOIA in the processing of this request.

      In this instance, fees for processing your request were below the threshold for requiring
payment. Please note that fees may be assessed on future requests.
       If you have any questions or concerns about the foregoing or about the processing of your
request, please do not hesitate to contact the Action Officer assigned to your request, Turia
Winkler, at turia.d.winkler.ctr@mail.mil or 571-372-0448. Additionally, if you have concerns
about service received by our office, please contact a member of our Leadership Team at 571-
372-0498 or Toll Free at 866-574-4970.

       Should you wish to inquire about mediation services, you may contact the OSD/JS FOIA
Public Liaison, Toni Fuentes, by email at osd.mc-alex.oatsd-pclt.mbx.foia-liaison@mail.mil or
by phone at 571-372-0462. You may also contact the Office of Government Information
Services (OGIS) at the National Archives and Records Administration to inquire about the FOIA
mediation services they offer. The contact information for OGIS is as follows:

                             Office of Government Information Services
                             National Archives and Records Administration
                             8601 Adelphi Road-OGIS
                             College Park, MD 20740
                             E-mail: ogis@nara.gov
                             Telephone: 202-741-5770
                             Fax: 202-741-5769
                             Toll-free: 1-877-684-6448

         You have the right to appeal to the appellate authority, Ms. Joo Chung, Assistant to the
Secretary of Defense for Privacy, Civil Liberties, and Transparency (PCLT), Office of the
Secretary of Defense, at: 4800 Mark Center Drive, ATTN: PCLFD, FOIA Appeals, Mailbox #24,
Alexandria, VA 22350-1700. Your appeal must be postmarked within 90 calendar days of the date
of this response. Alternatively, you may email your appeal to osd.foia-appeal@mail.mil. If you
use email, please include the words "FOIA Appeal" in the subject of the email. Please also
reference FOIA case number 20-F-1095 in any appeal correspondence.

        We appreciate your patience in the processing of your request. As stated previously,
please contact the Action Officer assigned to your request, Turia Winkler, and reference FOIA
case number 20-F-1095, if you have any questions or concerns.

                                                   Sincerely,


                                                   Pamela Andrews
                                                   Chief, FOIA


Enclosures:
As stated
Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
(b)(6)
                        CTR OSD PA (USA)
                                (b)(6)
From:
Sent:                            Wednesday, February 10, 2021 2:26 PM
                                (b)(6)
To:

Cc:


                                (b)(6)                                    Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA); (b)(6)
                                (b)(6)


Subject:                         [Non - DoD Source] Fwd: Mike Turber - Tic Tac's a Balloon (Filer's Files)


All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the
authenticity of all links contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web
browser.


Re: Caution-
https://wvvvv.academia.edu/41715972/Explaining_US_Navy_Close Encounters_with _Tic_Tac_UAV_Metric_E
ngineering_New_Expanded_Version_Feb_6_2021 < Caution-
https://www.academia.edu/41715972/Explaining_US_Navy_Close Encounters with Tic Tac UAV Metric E
ngineering_New_Expanded_Version_Feb_6_2021 >

Caution-https://besacenter.org/mideast-security-and-policy-studies/uap-task-force/ < Caution-
https://besacenter.org/mideast-security-and-policy-studies/uap-task-force/ >

Caution-https://vimeo.com/474831015 < Caution-https://vimeo.com/474831015 >

Caution-http://stardrive.org < Caution-http://stardrive.org >

Caution-https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCM1pWjIoLCxzj7sz6dk51gQ < Caution-
https://vvvvvv.youtube.com/channel/UCM1pWjIoLCxzj7sz6dk51gQ >


Note the flyby of a cube with sphere inside (portal) between the two F18 s in 2015 USS Roosevelt was not a
ballon

Caution-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpeSpA3e56A&feature=youtu.be < Caution-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpeSpA3e56A&feature=youtu.be > shown here (animation) towards the
end.

                                                           1
       Caution-https://nationalufocentercom/blog/2021/02/08/filers-files-6-2021-pilot-spots-ufo-
       and-china-war/?fbclid=lwAR12p68hA7t2XpPv0C7vOuW3lbnaTkg0k3vtpk9nX6Y9M-
       uhEMcgT3G6cu4 < Caution-https://nationalufocentercom/blog/2021/02/08/filers-files-6-2021-
       pilot-spots-ufo-and-china-
       warfifbclid=lwAR12p68hA7t2XpPv0C7vOuW3lbnaTkg0k3vtpk9nX6Y9M-uhEMcgT3G6cu4 >


           Li                                                                                        Filer's Files 6, 2C
                                                                                                     https://nationak
                                                                                                     spots-ufo-anc-c
                                                                                                     war/?foclic=lwA
                                                                                                     uhEVccT3G6cu
                                               < Caution-
                                                                                                      2/8/2021 Greska Cart)
          https://nationalufocenter.com/blog/2021/02/08/filers-files-6-2021-pilot-spot s-
          ufo-and-china-                                                                             nationalufocenter.com
          war/?fbc lid=1wAR12p6811A7t2XpPv0C7vQuW3 lbnaTkg0k3vtpk9nX6Y 9M-
          uhEMcgT3G 6cu4 >


On Jan 27, 2021, at 9:26 AM,                                            < Caution-
mailto: (b)(6)                    > > wrote:
The object seen in the "Tic Tac" video is actually an F18 just beyond the ranging ability of the ATFLIR pods
laser range finder. The video was filmed by r31                 . You will note that         wingman is
unaccounted for during his flight even though they launched together. ln the video link below you will see
(b)(6) A
         video on the left and a much closer F18 on the right but the outline is nearly identical. Take into account
one is much further away. No one will debunk my video and as with all my statements I will just sit back and
wait until the location of (b)(6) I wingman or some other F18 pilot is shown on the actual data which was taken
by the USAF to AFRL and if you remember I know about that data, where it went and some of what it
shows. Caution-https://youtu.be/O-YX9nGlAgo < Caution-https://youtu.be/O-YX9nGlAgo >
Commander Fravor did not video anything but what he saw was an inflatable object made by Raytheon that was
launched from a submarine, held by a tether briefly and then let go. Fravor ended up destroying it.
As rye said the entire time is the United States Air Force was testing spoofing technology back during that time
frame. Who better to test it on than the United States Navy who just received brand new SPY-1B phased array
radar? The sub's disturbance in the water was spotted by Fravor and he was able to spot the "Tic Tac" balloon
on a tether darting around in the air from the light waves and slight wind. hnagine a balloon being held by a
string 50 feet over the surface of the ocean with the other end attached to a sub.


                                                         2
So 111111;               sees this and starts his descent and as he is coming down the balloon is released. As the
balloon    comes up he thinks it is matching his moves when it is merely floating up. No wings, no signs of
propulsion etc. So he decides to cut the circle and fly directly to it not realizing he is much closer to it then
thought. As he gets near it he mistakenly believe it accelerated and he flies so close he pops it. The balloon falls
to the ocean but he believes it continued on the same path and must have disappeared over the horizon at
ludicrous speed. Now all these spoofing balloons mimic each other making it appear they are moving
incredibly fast. If you don't believe we are using this technology to fool the enemy then you need to go read up
on it. Here I will help you. Caution-https://www.thedrive.com/the-war-zone/29505/the-navys-secretive-
nemesis-electronic-warfare-capability-will-change-naval-combat-forever < Caution-
https://www.thedrive.comithe-war-zone/29505/the-navys-secretive-nemesis-electronic-warfare-capability-will-
change-naval-combat-forever >


Fast forward to Jacksonville, F on a an 2014-2015events with the same deal. NAVY Carrier group training in
the Atlantic Ocean and with new SPY-1B radar sees more UFOs, Gimbals and Go Fast. 11111;11 in all
seriousness, which makes more sense? We have alien technology or we learned how to make it look like
we do? How do you confuse everyone into believing the BS? Introduce impossible patents
and hope < Caution-httn://ho.roe/ > Deople bite on them instead of using the secret patent process that
they use all the time.                                            < Caution-
mailto: (6)(6)                     >> wrote:, Well Mr. Time Traveler I may be a moron in your eyes but
remember who was the first to leak exactly what these objects actually are. So mudslinging aside let me
know if you, and guests on this list, would like to know the next item up for bids on the price is wrong.
Sometimes morons have info that intellects need 0

                                                         3
Pais is the puppet. I know who the puppet master is. Ask yourself why they would publish and/or allow this info
to be released in a simple FOIA request? What is the real reason behind all these patents? Follow the yellow
brick road.....Best Regards, 1, 111,3
Editor's Note: I have been informed there is effective radar spoofing technology that will paint a fake craft on
the radar screen. However this technology has no effect on photos, video, or visual sightings. Also the
technology is not effective against all radars. Conversely UFOs may not appear on all radars. Russia and other
countries have similar technology.
              writes, "I am quite willing to entertain the Dossibility that all the Navy videos are fake or are
misinterpreted." However, you are accusing                                        and other US Navy military of
intentionally lying.        and other Navy pilots had visual close encounters. Your account below about
is not what I heard him say about seeing incredibly fast accelerations. Leave that all aside; I am talking about
the entire UFO phenomenon not specifically those fuzzy videos.
!1001:,i'0
                      wrote: Didn't you see my email from yesterday why totally demolished this nonsense?
It's a bunch of crap in the Navy people who are behind it or either incompetent or it's some kind of
disinformation operation, in any case it's a scandal and it needs to be investigated of course it won't be
under Biden's fake admin run by China's Xi Jinping. Only a complete dunce who doesn't understand
elementary physics will be fooled by this kind of nonsense. The only thing good about it is what they say
about the military threat of such technology know how which I have but the Navy doesn't.


             wrote Navy "UFO Patent" Documents Talk of "Space-time Modification Weapon," Detail
Experimental Testing. The Navy spent three years and considerable sums of money testing the "Pays Effect"
and may have transferred the program to another agency.
Caution-htips://www.thedrive.com/the-war-zone/38937/navy-ufo-patent-documents-talk-of-spacetime-
modification-weapon-detail-experimental-testing < Caution-https://www.thedrive.comithe-war-
zone/38937/navy-ufo-patent-documents-talk-of-spacetime-modification-weapon-detail-experimental-testing >
      US Navy's 'UFO Patents' files reveal experiments for a 'Space-time Modification Weapons"


                                                       4
 The Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division (NAWCAD) conducted the experiments, exploring the work of
                          . 'UFO patents' had been vouched for by the head of the Navy's aerospace research
 enterprise. Navy was filing them as Chinese entities worked on similar technology advancements
 The inventions are enabled through the 'Pais Effect' — a theoretical physics concept based on the 'controlled
 motion of electrically charged matter'. Approximately $466,810 was spent conducting experiments for the
 project between the Fiscal Years 2017 and 2019
 The Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division (NAWCAD) conducted the experiments, exploring the work of
                           — an aerospace engineer who works for the U.S. Navy
 A U.S. Navy file dubbed the 'UFO patents' has revealed how military scientists spent hundreds of thousands of
 dollars on experiments involving nuclear fusion and electromagnetic fields as part of research into devastating
 future weapons. The documents claim a 'Space-time Modification Weapon' could make the Hydrogen bomb
seem like a 'firecracker.'
 The Naval Air Warfare center Aircraft Division (NAWCAD) conducted the experiments, exploring the work of
(b)(111                    — an aerospace engineer who works for the U.S. Navy.
 The head of the Navy's aerospace research enterprise said Chinese entities were working on similar technology
 advancements, the War Zone < Caution-https://www.thethive.com/the-war-zone/38937/navy-ufo-patent-
 documents-talk-of-spacetime-modification-weapon-detail-experimental-testing > reports.


                                                       5
                                                               NAM'

                              brrr               'J?'                   F1G-3
           Figure 1 shows an image from Pais's 'Craft Using an Inertial Mass Reduction Device' patent
                               Energy Electromagnetic Field Generator (HEEMFG)
Documents released through the Freedom of Information Act contain hundreds of pages about the Naval
Innovative Science and Engineering — Basic & Applied Research Program and the tests, photographs and other
related material associated with it. The program was referred to as 'The High Energy Electromagnetic Field
Generator (HEEMFG).
(b)(6)      inventions are enabled through the 'Pais Effect' — a theoretical physics concept that is based on the
'controlled motion of electrically charged matter (from solid to plasma) via accelerated spin and/or accelerated
vibration under rapid (yet smooth) acceleration-deceleration-acceleration transients.'
       Documents released through the Freedom of Information Act contain hundreds of pages about the Naval
 Innovative Science and Engineering — Basic & Applied Research Program and the tests, photographs and other
  related material associated with it. The program was referred to as 'The High Energy Electromagnetic Field
                                              Generator (HEEMFG)
                                                                                   10


                                                                            300
                                           200                         BO
                                                                 50
                                                        loo 10        zo
                                                        FIG-1


                                                                             121
                                                                                   0 Iso
                                                                                           300


                             1121011EMEM
                                                        FIG-2
As a result, according to Pais, incredibly powerful electromagnetic energy fields can 'engineer the fabric of our
reality at the most fundamental level.' This can lead to revolutionary changes in power and propulsion, quantum
communications, energy production and weaponry.

                                                           6
                                              The High Energy Electromagnetic Field Generator (HEEMFG)
                                        Naval Innovative Science & Engineenris (NM) — Saac and Applied Re:earth (2 19RAR-17-009)


       Oblective: Design a test article and instrumentation to
       demonstrate the experimental feasibility of achieving high.
       electromagnetic (EM). held-energy. flux values toward the
       design of advanced High energy Density High Power
       propulsion systems
       Product Qtszielen: Test apparatus. instrumentation and
       operational method to prove that by coupling an electrically charged
       system's high frequency of axial spin (possibly coupled with high
       vibration frequencies) operated in a rapidly accelerated transient
       mode, we can achieve extremely high electromagnetic field-intensity
       (EM energy flux) values.
       Warligliter ftenefit: RealizatiOn of this technology moves
       propulsion technology beyond gas dynamic systems and
       enables the design of a field propulsion-based hybrid
       aerospace-undersea aaft.

       Transition Details: ONR, NRL, DARPA -                                               NAE Gap/STO: Strike Operations
       possible continuation of project funding to                                          (STK)/STO-1: Responsive Engagemen1
       be provided by these DOD agencies.
                                                                                           Total S&T Funding: $515.30K
       Transition Soonsor: If the feasibility study
                                                                                                                                               (b)(6)
       determines this experiment can be                                                   Technical a oint of contact:
                                                                                            (b)(6)
       conducted at PSEF, funding will be pursued
       to build the test asset and run the test.                                                                        (b)(6)
                                                                                           Other Partners:
                                                                                            (b)(6)
           Transition Date: 9/30/2019 (Planned)
      •••,1&5411/44 .61,...4,4: avail Air Wadate
• "....-_-                                       Peet Reediness Center
                                                                                                                          eillemera Wilwaret St Costiktion laleafted I
                                                  Center/                                                                 aleord. itrdU5 C40 aerillr*Sort


1'1 ia1 A • CL:11.1 larntnr   •111-Irl -GeN     C11 •inr,n; csnt   •C A 44 2 1 II .z r.   •CSIChtlf •e• nt-i   in+;rt   •CbVtlACir;111,1ctrt+      •cner Alas
These documents mention how Pais's Plasma Compression Fusion Device patent could be used to design the
ultra-powerful 'Space-time Modification Weapon.'
'Under uniquely defined conditions, the Plasma Compression Fusion Device can lead to development of a
Space-time Modification Weapon (SMW- a weapon that can make the Hydrogen bomb seem more like a
firecracker, in comparison)' the documents read.


                                                                                7
               Air Moir.nr."Vironlo
                               :   1!7344 .1.1:


            Clolocuic                              OtrItuti
            lot, :log


   Ileocivor "outtnns
             torni fl
   wenr


 Ramurrco Ann:row
 kwortrer. horrnit at g.trip                                  Control Room


           Arc arru.rOcr
           Ground


                                    SIDE VIEW


                                                  TOP YEW


High Energy Electromagnetic Field Generator
                    -
                                                                         Approach

                                              Sun Chamber #4: Coin Cell Ca • acitor Test Setu


                                                                                          I   Apkcitor lest   hid (rut a filial


                                                                                          1- '41101 Rrmsrr %Immoral 011ie)


                                        ' DON via rOIA                                                          N A               or

                                        CIO


An overview of                                                'High Energy Electromagnetic Field Generator' technology
'Extremely high energy levels can be achieved with this invention, under pulsed ultrahigh current (I) / ultrahigh
magnetic flux density (B) conditions (Z-pinch with a Fusion twist).'
The NAWCAD explained that the technology has 'National Security importance in leading to the generation of
thermonuclear Fusion Ignition
.A 2018 quad chart for the High Energy Electromagnetic Field Generator (HEEMFG) project. $466,810 was
spent conducting experiments for the project between the Fiscal Years 2017 and 2019. Photographs from one of
the spin tests performed
He devices that were tested seem to have been preliminary versions of         HEEMFG model. They used
spinning capacitors to 'demonstrate the experimental feasibility of achieving high electromagnetic field-energy
flux values toward the design of advanced high energy density / high power propulsion systems.'
The documents also highlight that the HEEMFG could be continued by the Naval and Air Force Research
Laboratories


                                                        9
    (b)(6)
                            CTR OSD PA (USA)
                                     (b)(6)
    From:
    Sent:                            Thursday, March 25, 2021 11:59 AM
                                     (b)(6)
    To:


                                    (b)(6)                   Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA); (b)(6)
    Cc:                             (b)(6)


    Subject:                         [Non-DoD Source] Re: Eric Davis is like those dolls you pull the string and out comes
                                     "you suffer from Dunning-Kruger effect"


    All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the
    authenticity of all links contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web
    browser.


                                      < Caution-https://physics             edu/ >
    Search: [      ]

    College of Natural Sciences and Mathematics < Caution-http://ns                  .edu/>
                                                                   (b)(6)
•         HOME < CAUTION—HTTPS://PHYSICS.                                               .EDU/ >

• PROGRAMS < CAUTION—
  HTTPS://PHYSICS                                       .EDU/PROG RAMS >
• PEOPLE < CAUTION       —
                    (b)(6)
  HTTPS://PHYSICS.I                                     .EDU/PEOPLE/FACULTY >
• DEPARTMENT < CAUTION
  HTTPS://PHYSICS (b)(6)                                .EDU/DEPARTMENT >
                                                              1
                                       < Caution-https://physics          .edu/component/zoo/item/ (b)(6)
    (b)(6)


      (b)(6)


    (b)(6)
                              < Caution-mailto (6)                        >


     (b)(6)
                            < Caution-
                              (b)(6)
     https://physics                        .edu/component/zoo/item/ (b)(6)
     (b)(6)


     Professor of Physics


     Education
•    BA California State Unversity, Fullerton
•    MA University of California, Irvine
•    PhD University of California, Irvine


     Research Interests
                    research interests include fiber optic sensing techniques as well as other areas of basic and
     app le optics. He also has interests in experimental and theoretical condensed matter physics, and basic
     theories of matter. In the • ast few years he has carried out major revisions of our upper-division laboratory
     courses (b)(6)       an (b)(6)        to introduce students to state-of-the-art experimental techniques in fiber
     optics, automated data. • I s • and analysis, and sensor technology. His work on the                    course
     was funded by a National Science Foundation Instrumentation and Laboratory Improvement Grant. His
     research work has been funded by a number of grants from government agencies and private corporations.
     Several of (" 6)          publications have included undergraduate student coauthors.


                                                               2
Page 013 of 264

(b)(6)
             (b)(6)                                                                     11111
Listen               1S a distinguished tenured full professor of physics at Cal State           with a
distinguished                                                                         h       re CV in every email
like you do. That proves your insecurity and pompous arrogance fl. You do not really understand General
Relativity and neither does klffil ; is a good guy but is basically an experimental laser physicist. Neither (b)(6)
nor you understand that his expression for gravity index of refraction is relevant only to the Shapirio time
delay effect of light around gravitating bodies.

Eq. 3.4.18' p. 124 Gravitation and Inertia Ciufolini and


(b)(6)
     PV theory paper is full of errors of interpretation of the equations he writes, most glaring his
remark about increasing c.

Hal's PV paper that he keeps sending is way out of date. Nowhere does he write Einstein's field equation,
and nowhere does he mention G/c^4 as the relevant coupling of source to gravity. Nowhere does he say
anything about the energy barrier to warp drive and nowhere does he offer an explanation of how
metamaterials fit in. I had all of this in rough form at 2011 NASA DARPA talk that you gaslighted me on.


                                                        5
All the references you gave to Robert Forward et-al were qualitative and not quantitative and testable
like mine and do not justify your and Millis's attempts at suppression, censorship and gaslighting of my
explanation of the entire UFO phenomenon - all of it.

Indeed, you are a danger to US National Security by misleading
military and politicians.
I will let Wanser reply to your lies about him below.
On Mar 25, 2021, at 1:18 AM, (b)(6)                                   < Caution-
mailto: 1'3                     > wrote:


          did nothing of a sort. You're the chief insecurity officer here and you mislead everyone to death to hide
 your  Dunning-Kruger   disorder, jealousy and insecurities. (b)(6) 7 doesn't know anything and he didn't work
 for the AAWSAP and AATIP as one of the two chief science advisors to the program managers. That was (b)(6)
 and I. I respect )(6)      position and professional accomplishments in condensed matter theory at Cal State-
(b)(6)
            and I applaud his strong interest in the UAP topic. But he exposed nothing because the DoD science
 work that nand I did (and I'm still doing) for the AAWSAP/AATIP is above his pay grade and yours. And
 you misled him in the fundamentals of your low-energy metamaterial warp drive concept.

You're incapable of introspection and self-reflection because of your raging narcissism. You can't counter
argue my facts so you resort to your usual bag of absurd, irrelevant diversionary assertions. You're jealous and
insecure to the hilt. This prevents you from doing good physics. You were actually far better and more
productive when you worked in the Cafe Trieste. I still applaud your deep and unwavering interest in and
commitment to the UAP topic and its resolution, as well as your philosophical thinking on this.

The original ONI field investigations of the Nimitz UAP encounters and the other later UAP ("Go-Fast")
encounters resoundingly eliminated (via forensic methods, MASINT analysis, and technology application
assessments) EMMI'           utterly impossible military technology explanations for those UAPs. The sword of
the scientific method and forensics killed him, but he's still an obnoxious ghost who'll mislead anyone that'll
listen to him due to his Dunning-Kruger disorder. But you don't have all the answers until your work survives
the sausage grinder of the scientific method.


                Ph.D., FBIS, AFAIAA
E-mail:                          Caution-mailto:


E-mail:                              < Caution-mailto:
Caution-http://www          .edu/casper < Caution-http://www.
Sent from my iPhone


                                                         6
(b)(6)
                           CTR OSD PA (USA)
                                   (b)(6)
From:
Sent:                              Thursday, March 25, 2021 6:11 PM
                                   (b)(6)
To:
                                   (b)(6)
Cc:


                                   (b)(6)                                             ; Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA
                                   (USA); (b)(6)
                                  (b)(6)

Subject:                           [Non-DoD Source] Re: (b)(6)        alleges criminal fraud on USG Military by (b)(6)
                                   (b)(6) , Elizondo, De Longe and others at TTSA.
Attachments:                       2940161426968_p0_0_5550x406.jpg; 7a3b31f6399d43b0ac655a64ee45fec6jpg;
                                   iujpeg; iujpeg


All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the
authenticity of all links contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web
browser.


BwahahhahaahahAh....

Well regardless of Alpha or Omega they need to address the issue. I am guessing by this time next week they
will. With the videos I am about to release and the calls I am going to make I hope to see movement.

I dont want them to do anything other than correct their mistakes. I corrected mine. My original thoughts on this
very subject changed when I went to vet my own story.

But as it relates to the 3 videos and claims by TTSA my basic story is the same. This is United States
technology. Not China or Russia or Aliens or anything else.

         is probably going to be very quiet now. Someone probably advised him to do so.

Best Regards,

On Thu, Mar 25, 2021, 4:11 PM                                                   < Caution-
mailto:                  » wrote:
 Copy that.

  Look on the Alpha - Delta scale of Aldous Huxley's Brave New World

  No one at TTSA is an Alpha
Unfortunately, that is also true at the top levels of USG especially now that the crazies have taken the White
House, both Houses and have intimidated SCOTUS. Don't get me wrong, very few Alphas are in Republican
Party also, it's not just the Communist Party USA (aka Democrat Party 2021).


We are now living in

                                                    LI


On Mar 25, 2021, at 12:52 PM, 1'11111                                    < Caution-
mailto:                         -> wrote:

Well 1111111 here is how this works. If what I am saying is not true and is defamation then they should sue me
right?

Here is their problem.

If they sue me then that means they can be deposed. It is also a well known legal response to a defamation suit
that if what I am saying is true, there really is not much they can do.

So far I have pressed the issue about "GoFast" to the point that I am so confident that I am right that I am
challenging them directly. You may have seen the huge argument I had with Lue on Twitter. Hundreds of
replies and not once did he address my question directly. That gave the the green light to press harder.

Now here comes              who brought me up in several posts. This was a huge mistake on his part. I would
guess that by now he has calculated "GoFast" and he probably has made some phone calls asking how to
handle it since he now knows I am correct.

There really is only one way to handle this and save face.
(b)(6)
             should admit the mistake and remove all claims of extraordinary fight characteristics.

(b)(6)
    should apologize to me for the claims he has made that I don't know math and such which implies my
math is wrong. It is not wrong.

This would mean all these people should "Man-Up".

I won't hold my breath.

Fun weekend coming!

Best Regards, (b)(6
                                 (b)(6)
On Thu, Mar 25, 2021, 1:19 PM                                                         Caution-
mailt0 (b)(6)                        >    wrote:
                                                         2
On Mar 25, 2021, at 9:59 AM                                                Caution-
mailto

Oh I know for a fact there are more videos. In fact you will remember I mentioned this on the same show you
were on with

My main contention is this. We are being led to believe that the three videos that were released by the
Department of Defense are representations of objects that they cannot classify. This is not true. Not only is it
not true it was exacerbated through the lies told to us by Tom DeLonge, Lue Elizondo, Christopher Mellon,
and basically everyone from TTSA.
(b)(6)
     : These are serious allegations of criminal fraud. For the record, I am not making these allegations.
I have no direct information nor competence in evaluating the authenticity of the videos nor the
motives of those named by (b)(6)

What is perplexing to me is the fact that one of the three videos is so egregious and so outrageously filled with
self-debunking information that it was even allowed to remain as one of the three. I mean seriously, how in
the world could this have slipped through the cracks with the crackpot team that was put together by (b)(6)


The other two videos are at least arguable because it's very difficult to prove anything with the clarity and
information provided.

The reason why I'm putting so much emphasis on this one video is because it is the only video of the three
that I can prove 100% without any argument that I am correct in my measurements of altitude and
measurements of speed and measurements of size. in fact I'm obviously not the only one who has done this.
But I have gone directly to the sources as best I could to get them to take another look at their own video and
to correct any errors that they find. Did they do this? No of course not! They doubled down and reiterated the
same information on a television show that they created. How amazingly stupid is this?

Now any one of you can do the same math. In fact I would hope that some of you have already done so and
can see that what I'm telling you is absolutely true. so assuming that what I'm telling you is absolutely true
then why has it been three and a half years of pushing this particular video as being an unidentified or at the
very least unclassified object based on its speed and relative altitude?

           is avoiding the question for a reason. I know what the reason is. and essentially he's backed
into a corner right now. He's damned if he does and he's certainly damned if he doesn't.

Checkmate (b)(6)       you picked the wrong guy to pick on. Have a great day, because your weekend
probably won't be so fun.

Best Regards, (b)(6)

On Thu, Mar 25, 2021, 12:12 PM (6)(6)                                                  Caution-
mailto: (b)(6)                      wro e:
 (b)(6)
          , I have no love for (b)(6)   as you know. I suspect that he is really a hybrid of a frog with a human.
 ;-)

                                                        3
 You may well be correct about these videos, I am no expert on that and unlike (b)()
                                                                                   6
                                                                                          I know my limits.
(b)(6) is accusing me on Dunning-Kruger is classic psychological projection of his own emotional instability.


However, please look at this video

Caution-
                     (b)(6)
https://twitter.com/                            /status/1374947587090870273?s=20 < C
aution-
https://twitter.comi (b)(6)                     /status/1374947587090870273?s=20 >
The allegation is that there are many more classified videos with much
more clarity.


On Mar 25, 2021, at 8:00 AM, (b)(6)                                       < Caution-
mailto: (b)(6)   Am.
                             > > wrote:

(b)(6)


You have avoided the same simple question since this began months ago. YOU keep bringing me up which
tells me I have hit a nerve with you. You keep using fallacies and personal attacks to reply which tells us
more about you than it does about me.

My question has nothing to do with national security or anything classified. If you can't answer it just say so
and do so without the rhetoric and diatribe claiming you won't answer questions from me. It is really a
simple question.

The "GoFast" video was analyzed, supposedly, by TTSA experts, which concluded the craft was flying very
low and near the surface of the ocean with a estimated speed of 2/3 the speed of sound. The data to
determine the altitude and even the speed of the object is actually in the video.

Do you agree with the TTSA figures as they relate to "G0Fast"?

And if you are willing to answer the above truthfully and you disagree with TTSA's figure, can you please
tell us the actual altitude of "GoFast"?

Can you estimate the average speed of the object?

Can you estimate the size of the object?

What are the possible objects that are currently in existence that could exhibit the flight characteristics of this
object?

If you need help with how to calculate the altitude let me know and I will walk you through it. It can be done
with basic trigonometry or you can do with with a ruler, your phone and a piece of string.


                                                       4
                    !!!!!!III!!!
Best Regards,

On Thu, Mar 25, 2021, 4:18 AM                                               < Caution-
mailto:                     >> wrote:
(b)(6)


 (b)(6)
          did nothing of a sort. You're the chief insecurity officer here and you mislead everyone to death to
hide your Dunning-Kruger disorder, jealousy and insecurities. (b)(6)       doesn't know anything and he didn't
work for the AAWSAP and AATIP as one of the two chief science advisors to the program managers. That
was (b)(6) and I. I respect (b)(6)  position and professional accomplishments in condensed matter theory at
Cal State-Fullerton, and I applaud his strong interest in the UAP topic. But he exposed nothing because the
DoD science work thatEland I did (and I'm still doing) for the AAWSAP/AATIP is above his pay grade
and yours. And you misled him in the fundamentals of your low-energy metamaterial warp drive concept.

You're incapable of introspection and self-reflection because of your raging narcissism. You can't counter
argue my facts so you resort to your usual bag of absurd, irrelevant diversionary assertions. You're jealous
and insecure to the hilt. This prevents you from doing good physics. You were actually far better and more
productive when you worked in the Cafe Trieste. I still applaud your deep and unwavering interest in and
commitment to the UAP topic and its resolution, as well as your philosophical thinking on this.

The original ONI field investigations of the Nimitz UAP encounters and the other later UAP ("Go-Fast")
encounters resoundingly eliminated (via forensic methods, MASINT analysis, and technology application
assessments)                  utterly impossible military technology explanations for those UAPs. The
sword of the scientific method and forensics killed him, but he's still an obnoxious ghost who'll mislead
anyone that'll listen to him due to his Dunning-Kruger disorder. But you don't have all the answers until
your work survives the sausage grinder of the scientific method.
(b)(6)


(b)(6)              , Ph.D., FBIS, AFAIAA
 E-mail:                             < Caution-mailto:
0:0)(6)


1111
E-mail: I                              1.1 < Caution-mailto: (b)(6)
Caution-http: //w ww               eduicasper < Caution-http://www (b)(6)       (b)(6)

Sent from my iPhone


          On Mar 24, 2021, at 2:19 PM,                                                   < Caution-
          mailto: (b)(6)                        > > wrote:

           -05x6r
                          exposed               really incompetent or
          was it intentional gaslighting publishing "anonymous"
          critique of my basic proposal.            , probably
          himself, gave bogus arguments.
                                                             5
                                  (b)(6)
 On Mar 24, 2021, at 7:45 AM,
(b)(6)
                          < Caution-
 mailto: " 6)                    > wrote:


That is interesting. I don't need access to their Investigations.
A moron can figure out GoFast is BS with a piece of string.
No Trig needed. Would you like me to prove that to you since
you have avoided the subject? You claim I don't know math
so I won't use it. I can prove you are TTSA are wrong with a
piece of string. I think I will make a video in your honor since
you seem to think I need access to the Investigations to figure
it out.
I don't.
I will not be as disrespectful as you have been to me but now
that you are doing it again I guess I need to respond.
What I did do is actually look at the videos which is my main
area if contention. I guess you believe each video shows
something extraordinary?
Keep in mind '4' , I did not have access to the evidence in
the Las Vegas shooting either and yet I was able to come up
with things the FBI could not. Several in fact. So much so the
Attorneys asked for my assistance, my work was featured on
Tucker Carlson's show and I found the motive when no one
else could amongst many other things.
I guess that was Dunning-Kruger as well?
And I seriously doubt you will answer any of my questions
and will claim all kinds of reasons why you will not answer

                              6
                    (6)
like you did with         and with what              published. Here
is a reminder..
 "From: (b)(6)          Sent: Thursday, August 13, 2020 4:37 PM
       (b)(6)
 To:                 Subject: Re: TicTac Video Actually Shows An
 F18 - m us coming video with:(6)
 Thanks (b)(6) I think everyone would like the videos to
 be authentic. I cannot comment on the mathematics that
(b)(6)
             speaks of, but if he is correct then it raises
 different questions. If you are confident about the authen
 ticity of the videos then
 my question to you then is whether these craft are possi
 bly our own or do you
 personally feel they are extraterrestrial? (b)(6)
                                                          On Aug
                           (6)
 13, 2020, at 4:21 PM,              M<> wrote:
             has no mathematics nor access to the original Nay
 y data. He wasn't a part
 of the AATIP/AAWSAP or ONI investigations, so he's j
 ust putting out false story for whatever reason. (b)(6)

On Aug 13 2020, at 5:41 PM, Sid wrote:
So then,      if we can dismiss           , _1117
                                                1i
                                                     contribution the
n in your opinion are they earth-
based technologies or extraterrestrial?
On Aug 13, 2020, at 5:46 PM, r --Ir l<> wrote:
Those craft are off-
world as I've told two Senate committees' staff and Do
D agencies.

That (my response of a minute ago, posted below) is no
t my opinion, but is where

                                 7
                                      (b)(6)
 the physics and the facts lead.


So you Believe, or know, that the crafts shown in the TTSA /
DoD videos, namely Flirl, Gimbal and GoFast are "off
world" meaning they are extraterrestrial?
 I know you have already stated as such but just to be clear is
 that what you are claiming?
 What do they call it when you have access to the raw data and
 the Navy Investigations and still get it wrong Mt

 Best Regards,
                   (b)(6)
                            !MI
 On Wed, Mar 24 2021 2:33 AM
(b)(6)
                      l< Caution-
 mailto: (13)(6)     a>       > wrote:
        , you suffer from Dunning-Kruger effect and your
  claims are banal, uninformed, and wrong because you never
  had access to any of the Navy investigations or the raw data.
  (b)(6)


  (13)(6)
              n
  E-mail: (14(6)
                      Ph.D., FBIS, AFAIAA
                                     < Caution-
  mailto:


  E-mail (13)(6)                           l< Caution-
  mailto: (14(6)                           I
                                  8
                                                     .edu/ (b)(6)
                                        (b)(6)
Caution-htt ://WWW.                                                   < Caution-
http://www (b)(6)        edu "6)
Sent from my iP one

                                                                    (b)(6)
        On Mar 24, 2021, at 12:10 AM,
       (b)(6)

                (bX6)
                                   caution-                r
        mailto:                       > > wrote:


       (b)(6)   (h)(6)             (b)(6)
                                  everyone else at, or
                                                 l   and

       formally at, TTSA can't do simple math. After 3.5
       years they still believe GoFast actually was going
       fast and very close to the surface when it is actually
       close to 13,000 feet and not exceeding 40 MPH.
        How, or more importantly why, would you expect
       them to get even more complex math right?
       I don't like being an ass on this subject but after
                            (bo)
       dealing with with          nor      ill seriously doubt
           will acknowledge they screwed up either.
       Clearly they don't use scientific method as even my
       limited math skills figured out GoFast was
       SoSlow.
                   (b)(6)
       I will give        $10,000 in cash or donate it to the
       charity of his choice and never mention TTSA or
       him again if he can prove I am wrong or better yet
       prove GoFast is in fact Fast and near the surface.
       So to chime in but =peaks rarely.
       BTW Nice to meet you S. Sorry if I seem rude,
       just tired of the BS.
                                                       9
                   (b)(6)
 Best Regards,
                                          1(11)(6)
On Wed, Mar 24 2021 12:10 AM
(b)(6)
                                      !Caution-
mailto: (bo)                      > > wrote:
Yes, but your paper is wrong. It does not address
the important problem of how to generate the warp
drive with small amounts of energy. Also what
you say about c getting big and c getting small is
really not the point at all.
  When c gets big space time is stiffer making warp
  drive harder.
  Your c getting bigger is our S getting smaller in
  the coupling (G/c^4)S
  The problem most people who make the decisions
  cannot tell the difference between what you say
  and what I say.
  At best your PV paper only captures a small part
  of what Clout sees. Says nothing about Dwarp and
  nowhere do you even mention metamaterials in
  that PV paper showing how they help explain the
  phenomenon.


                                 (b)(6)
 On Mar 23, 2021, at 7:42 PM,
 (b)(6)
                   < Caution-
         (b)(6)
 mailto:                 > > wrote:
  (b)(6)
           says:

                            10
                    is citing some of my ideas
          without giving me due credit - when he
          mentions controlling space and time
          around the craft. He has only begun to
          do that recently after
          first BESA report.

FWIW,              mention of the control of space
& time around the craft originated with
the submission of my spacetime-metric
engineering paper (attached) that I submitted to
DIA as part of the Pentagon's AATIP program that
he had responsibility for.
 (b)(6)


loRo)


Caution-www.                  (b)(6)
                                                < Caution-
http://www           (b)(6)
                                               >
(b)(6)
                                       < Caution-
mailto      (b)(6)


    Ori • inal Message
           (bX6)
From:
Subject: Re Ex-UFO Pentagon program chief
outlines 'compelling' UFO theories and 'unique'
vehicle characteristics Fox New
                                           11
(b)(6)       1

         1is citing some of my ideas without
giving me due credit - when he mentions
controlling space and time around the craft. He
has only begun to do that recently after Franc
(b)(6)
           first BESA report.

Caution-https://besacenter.org/mideast-security-
and-policy-studies/uap-task-force/ < Caution-
https://besacenter.org/mideast-security-and-
policy-studies/uap-task-force/ >


On Mar 23 2021 at 3:42 PM, d14947
                     Caution-
                        > > wrote:

Caution-https://www.foxnews.com/tech/ufo-
theories-pentagon-chief-report < Caution-
https://www.foxnews.com/tech/ufo-theories-
pentagon-chief-report >


All wrong, doubtless.


                        12
 On Mar 24, 2021, at 2:19 PM (b)(6)                     < Caution-
 mailto: (14(6)                  >> wrote:
 (b)(6)                             (b)(6)
                 exposed               really incompetent or
 was it intentional gaslighting publishing "anonymous"
                                               03)(6)
 critique of my basic proposal.        boy, probably       (b)(6)


 himself, gave bogus arguments.
                                             (b)(6)
 On Mar 24 2021, at 7:45 AM,
(b)(6)
                         < Caution-
 mailto:    (b)(c)
                          . k > wrote:
 Really
That is interesting. I don't need access to their Investigations. A
moron can figure out GoFast is BS with a piece of string. No
Trig needed. Would you like me to prove that to you since you
have avoided the subject? You claim I don't know math so I
won't use it. I can prove you are TTSA are wrong with a piece of
string. I think I will make a video in your honor since you seem
to think I need access to the Investigations to figure it out.
 I don't.
I will not be as disrespectful as you have been to me but now
that you are doing it again I guess I need to respond.
What I did do is actually look at the videos which is my main
area if contention. I guess you believe each video shows
something extraordinary?
Keep in mind a, I did not have access to the evidence in the
Las Vegas shooting either and yet I was able to come up with
things the FBI could not. Several in fact. So much so the
Attorneys asked for my assistance, my work was featured on
Tucker Carlson's show and I found the motive when no one else
could amongst many other things.
                                              7
I guess that was Dunning-Kruger as well?
And I seriously doubt you will answer any of my questions and
will claim all kinds of reason wh ou will not answer like you
         ,(6)
did with      and with what         published. Here is a
reminder..
"From:                 Sent: Thursday, August 13, 2020 4:37 PM To:
                 ubject: Re: TicTac Video Actually Shows An F18 -
my upcoming video with 03X6)
Thanks IME I think everyone would like the videos to be
authentic. I cannot comment on the mathematics that
speaks of, but if he is correct then it raises
different questions. If you are confident about the authentic
ity of the videos then
my question to you then is whether these craft are possibly
  our own or do you
personally feel they are extraterrestrial?
                                                          On Aug 13,
2020, at 4:21 PM,                 <> wrote:
        has no mathematics nor access to the original Navy
data. He wasn't a part
of the AATIP/AAWSAP or ONI investigations, so he's just
                                                   (b)(6)
  putting out false story for whatever reason.
                                                              On Aug
13, 2020, at 5:41 PM             ote:
           i n 11
So then,            if we can dismiss           contribution then i
n your opinion are they earth-
based technologies or extraterrestrial?
On Aug 13, 2020, at 5:46 PM,         <> wrote:
Those craft are off-
world as I've told two Senate committees' staff and DoD
agencies. a -

                                 8
That (my response of a minute ago, posted below) is not
my opinion, but is where the physics and the facts lead.
(b)(6)


So you Believe, or know, that the crafts shown in the TTSA /
DoD videos, namely Flirl, Gimbal and GoFast are "off world"
meaning they are extraterrestrial?
I know you have already stated as such but just to be clear is that
what you are claiming?
What do they call it when you have access to the raw data and
the Navy Investigations and still get it wrong

Best Regards, (b)(6)
On Wed, Mar 24, 2021, 2:33 AM
                         Caution-
mailto.                     > > wrote:
        , you suffer from Dunning-Kruger effect and your claims
 are banal, uninformed, and wrong because you never had access
 to any of the Navy investigations or the raw data.
 (b)(6)


                  Ph.D., FBIS AFAIAA
                                < Caution-
 mailto (b)(6)                 >


                                 9
                (b)(6)
E-mail:                                                   Caution-
mailto
                                                  (b)(6).
Caution-http://www.                                      < Caution-
http://www.baylor.edu/casper >
Sent from my iPhone

                                                        (b)(6)
       On Mar 24, 2021, at 12:10 AM,
                                < Caution-
       mailto: b)(6)                 > > wrote:
      (b)(6)


       (b)(6)       (b)(6)   (14(6)
                                      °l and everyone else at, or
       formally at, TTSA can't do simple math. After 3.5
       years they still believe GoFast actually was going fast
       and very close to the surface when it is actually close
       to 13,000 feet and not exceeding 40 MPH.
        How, or more importantly why, would you expect
       them to get even more complex math right?
       I don't like being an ass on this subject but after
       dealing with with ii and (WM dl seriously doubt
           will acknowledge they screwed up either. Clearly
       t ey don't use scientific method as even my limited
       math skills figured out GoFast was SoSlow.
       I will give (b)(6) $10,000 in cash or donate it to the
       charity of his choice and never mention TTSA or him
       again if he can prove I am wrong or better yet prove
       GoFast is in fact Fast and near the surface.
       So to chime in but                 speaks rarely.


                                             10
BTW Nice to meet you        . Sorry if I seem rude, just
tired of the BS.
Best Regards,
 On Wed Mar 24 2021 12:10 AM
(h.,(6)
                                Caution-
         (b)(6)
 mailto                               > wrote:
  Yes, but your paper is wrong. It does not address the
  important problem of how to generate the warp drive
  with small amounts of energy. Also what you say
  about c getting big and c getting small is really not
  the point at all.
 When c gets big space time is stiffer making warp
 drive harder.
 Your c getting bigger is our S getting smaller in the
 coupling (G/c^4)S
 The problem most people who make the decisions
 cannot tell the difference between what you say and
 what I say.
 At best your PV paper only captures a small part of
 what ()out sees. Says nothing about Dwarp and
 nowhere do you even mention metamaterials in that
 PV paper showing how they help explain the
 phenomenon.


 On Mar 23 2021 at 7:42 PM,
(b)(6)
                 l< Caution-
 mailto: (b)(6)        > > wrote:

                           11
 (b)(6)
          says:
          (b)(6)
                    is citing some of my ideas
          without giving me due credit - when he
          mentions controlling space and time
          around the craft. He has only begun to do
          that recently after b)(
                              (6)
                                             first
          BESA report.

  FWIW                mention of the control of space &
  time around the craft originated with the submission
  of my spacetime-metric engineering paper (attached)
  that I submitted to DIA as part of the Pentagon's
  AATIP program that he had responsibility for.
 (b)(6)


(b)(6)

(b)(6)                     r    , Ph.D.


' Caution-www                              < Caution-
  htt ://ww
                               < Caution-


      Original Message
  From:        , _11 17
                      1i


  Subject: Re Ex-UFO Pentagon program chief
  outlines 'compelling' UFO theories and 'unique'
  vehicle characteristics I Fox New
                                      12
(b)(6)
          is citing some of my ideas without giving
me due credit - when he mentions controlling space
and time around the craft. He has only begun to do
that recently after                Jfirst BESA report.

Caution-https://besacenter.org/mideast-security-and-
policy-studies/uap-task-force/ < Caution-
https://besacenter.org/mideast-security-and-policy-
studies/uap-task-force/ >


On Mar 23, 2021, at 3 42 PM, d14947
                     Ec Caution-
mailto                       > wrote:

Caution-https://www.foxnews.com/techlufo-theories-
pentagon-chief-report < Caution-
haps://www.foxnews.com/tech/ufo-theories-
pentagon-chief-report >


All wrong, doubtless.


                         13
(b)(6)
                          CTR OSD PA (USA)
                                  (b)(6)
From:                                                       CIV USN COMNAVAIRSYSCOM PAX (USA)
                                 (b)(6)

Sent:                             Wednesday, October 14, 2020 10:52 AM
                                  (b)(6)
To:                                                   CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); susan.l.gough (b)(6)
Cc:                               (b)(6)                      IV USN NAWCAD (USA); (0(6)              CIV USN
                                  COMNAVAIRSYSCOM PAX (USA)
Subject:                           DON-NAVY-2020-007231
Attachments:                       Proposed Redactions Greenwald Responses to Query v2 (002).pdf; Proposed
                                   Redactions Press Query VICE.pdf; Proposed Redactions UAP Query On Release of
                                  Videos.pdf; Proposed Redactions Vice Motherboard follow-up Qs with proposed
                                  answers 16 September.pdf; Proposed Redactions VICE Motherboard RIO v1.pdf;
                                   Proposed Redactions WORKING DOCUMENT Popular Mechanics Q-A of 25 November
                                  2019 (v3).pdf; DON-NAVY-2020-007231 Case File.pdf
Signed By:                         katherine.d.davis@navy.mil


Good Afternoon,

(b)(6)
                            was previously processing this FOIA request. Upon her retirement, I have taken over the
processing.

Attached you will find documents relevant to this FOIA request that we believe your office to have cognizance over. I
have prepared what I propose the redactions to be for each of the documents.

Please review and let me know if you are in concurrence with the proposed redactions and if there are further
redactions necessary.

I appreciate your time.


(b)(6)

FOIA Coordinator
Command Operations Group/NAWCAD
47122 Liljencrantz Road
Patuxent River, MD 20670

"FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY PRIVACY SENSITIVE Any misuse or unauthorized disclosure can result in both civil and
criminal penalties"


                                                            1
                                                     Phase: Assignment      Status: Assignment Determination
DON-NAVY-2020-007231 request Details

                                                              Due Date: N/A      Clock Days: 0 (Never Started)


 Requester Information

 Requester                         Mr. John              Tracking Number                  DON-NAVY-2020-
                                   Greenewald            007231
 Organization                      The Black Vault       Submitted Date                   04/28/2020
 Requester Has Account             Yes                   Received Date                    04/28/2020
 Email Address                     john@greenew          Perfected Date
                                   ald.com               Last Assigned Date               09/22/2020
 Phone Number                      8004562228            Assigned To                      Katherine
 Fax Number                        8186597688                                             Davis (Naval Air
 Address                           27305 W. Live                                          Systems
                                   Oak Rd. Suite                                          Command -
                                   #1203                                                  Head Quarters)
 City                              Castaic               Last Assigned By                 Katherine
 State/Province                    CA                                                     Davis (Naval Air
 Zip Code/Postal Code              91384                                                  Systems
                                                                                          Command -
                                                                                          Head Quarters)
                                                         Request Track                    Simple
                                                         Fee Limit                        $25.00


 Request Handling

 Requester Info Available to the   No                    Request Type                     FOIA
 Public?                                                 Request Perfected                No
 Request Track                     Simple
                                                         Perfected Date
 Fee Category                      Media
                                                         Acknowledgement Sent Date        04/28/2020
 Fee Waiver Requested              No
                                                         Unusual Circumstances            No
 Fee Waiver Status
                                                         Litigation                       No
 Expedited Processing Requested    No
                                                         Court Docket Number
 Expedited Processing Status
                                                         5 Day Notifications?             No
 Description

 Long Description                  To whom it may concern, This is a non-commercial request made under the
                                   provisions of the Freedom of Information Act 5 U.S.C. S 552. My FOIA requester
                                   status as a "representative of the news media." I am a freelance television
                                   producer often working on documentaries related to my FOIA requests, my
                                   work is commonly featured throughout major news organizations, and I
                                   freelance writer for news sites as well. Examples can be given, if needed. I
                                   prefer electronic delivery of the requested material either via email to
                                   john@greenewald.corn, FAX 1-818-659-7688 or via CD-ROM or DVD via postal
                                   mail. Please contact me should this FOIA request should incur a charge. I
                                   respectfully request a copy of records, electronic or otherwise, of all records
                                   pertaining to the addition of three Unidentified Aerial Phenomena / UAP
                                   videos titled FLIR1, Gimbal and GoFast posted on the NAVAIR FOIA website. I
                                   am seeking a copy of all records pertaining to the decision, and action, of
                                   adding these videos. This includes, but would not be limited to: 1) All
                                   letters/emails/memos etc. to/from all parties involved in the review of the
                                   videos. 2) All reports/investigative material involved in the review of the
                                   videos for potential public release. 3) All letters/emails/memos etc. pertaining
                                   to the videos being added to the NAVAIR website and the decision to do so
                                   (and why). Thank you so much for your time, and I am very much looking
                                   forward to your response. Sincerely, John Greenewald, Jr. 27305W. Live Oak
                                   Rd. Suite #1203 Castaic, Ca. 91384 FAX 1-818-659-7688
Has Description Been Modified?     No
Description Available to the       No
Public?
Short Description                  FLIR1, Gimbal and GoFast


 Additional Information

Appellate Authority                               N/A

Case Number                                       N/A

Name of Local Command                             N/A

Contract Number                                   N/A

Limit Request To Clearly Releasable Info          N/A


 Attached Supporting Files

Attachments Available to the
Public?
No

   Attached File Name                                      Size (MB)                        File Type


                                        No supporting files have been uploaded.
Appeals


Tracking Number                    Appeal Date               Appellant              Phase                 Notification


                                             No appeals have been created.


Consultations


Tracking Number          Consulted Agency            Created By         Consultation Date          Due Date           Phase


                                          No consultations have been created.


Correspondence to Requester


 Subject                                                        From         To                             Date


 FOIA Request DON-NAVY-2020-007231 Submitted                    System        Mr. John Greenewald           04/28/2020


 This message is to confirm your request submission to the FOIAonline application: View Request. Request
 information is as follows:


            •   Tracking Number: DON-NAVY-2020-007231
            •   Requester Name: Mr. John Greenewald
            •   Date Submitted: 04/28/2020
            •   Request Status: Submitted
            •   Description: To whom it may concern,


                This is a non-commercial request made under the provisions of the Freedom of Information Act 5
                U.S.C. S 552. My FOIA requester status as a "representative of the news media." I am a freelance
                television producer often working on documentaries related to my FOIA requests, my work is
                commonly featured throughout major news organizations, and I freelance writer for news sites as
                well. Examples can be given, if needed.


                I prefer electronic delivery of the requested material either via email to john@greenewald.com, FAX 1-
                818-659-7688 or via CD-ROM or DVD via postal mail. Please contact me should this FOIA request
                should incur a charge.


                I respectfully request a copy of records, electronic or otherwise, of all records pertaining to the
                addition of three Unidentified Aerial Phenomena / UAP videos titled FLIR1, Gimbal and GoFast posted
on the NAVAIR FOIA website. I am seeking a copy of all records pertaining to the decision, and action,
of adding these videos. This includes, but would not be limited to:


1) All letters/emails/memos etc. to/from all parties involved in the review of the videos.
2) All reports/investigative material involved in the review of the videos for potential public release.
3) All letters/emails/memos etc. pertaining to the videos being added to the NAVAIR website and the
decision to do so (and why).


Thank you so much for your time, and I am very much looking forward to your response.


Sincerely,


John Greenewald, Jr.
27305W. Live Oak Rd.
Suite #1203
Castaic, Ca. 91384
FAX 1-818-659-7688
 Other Correspondence


   Attached File                                  File Type                       Size (MB)


                                           No correspondence has been created.


 Fee Estimates

 Current Estimate Total             $0
 Date Estimate Sent to Requester    N/A
 Estimate Required for Payment      N/A


 Invoices


  Sent                    Title                Invoice Date                            Amount


                                              No invoices have been created.


Total Amount Billed Which Has      $0.00
Been Sent To Requester


 Payments

                                                              Total Amount Paid               $0.00
         Date             Amount                Type          Total Amount Owed               $0.00


                   No payments have been added.
Case Responsive Records

  Publish Options:
   UU - Unredacted - Unreleaseable                   UR - Unredacted - Releaseable to the
   RU - Redacted - Unreleasable                      General Public
                                                     RR - Redacted - Releasable to the General
                                                     Public
                                                     REQ - Release to Requester Only

Release Type           Title         User          Date/Time            Exemptions               Release Date


                                            No records have been uploaded.


Restricted Materials


Attached File Name             Size (MB)         File Type       User        Actual Agency           Date/Time


                                     No restricted materials have been added.
 Existing Admin Costs


  Date         User Name   Charge Type        Hours/Quantity           Rate   Billable?   Total


                                    No cost entries have been added.


Fee Category: Media

Total: $0.00

Invoice Amount: $0.00
Assigned Tasks


          Task   Assigned    Assigned     Submitted        Due    Closed
Outcome   Type   To          By           Date             Date   Date     Notification   Justification


                            No tasks have been assigned.
Existing Comments (2)


Date Created                               Last Edited On                             User Name


04/28/2020 02:00 PM                       04/28/2020 02:00 PM                         Clint Messner


Comment               Requester is seeking records pertaining to copies of FLIR1 images data from engagement
                      between US Naval aircraft and UAP
                      Recommend re-assignment to NAVAIR for responsive records
                      CTM


04/30/2020 07:38 PM                       04/30/2020 07:38 PM                         Robert Miller


Comment               ADMIN LOG
                      4/30/20 - 10m - Case in processed via FOIA Online
                      4/30/20 - 10m - Recommend re-assigning to NAVAIR for processing.
Assigned Reviewers


Review Order   Review Outcome             Assigned Reviewer   Review Date


                          No reviewers have been assigned.
Page 047 of 264

(b)(5)
Page 048 of 264

b)(5) (b)(6)
Page 049 of 264

b)(5) (b)(6)
Page 050 of 264

b)(5) (b)(6)
Page 051 of 264

b)(5) (b)(6)
Page 052 of 264

b)(5) (b)(6)
Page 053 of 264

b)(5) (b)(6)
Page 054 of 264

b)(5) (b)(6)
Page 055 of 264

b)(5) (b)(6)
Page 056 of 264

b)(5) (b)(6)
Page 057 of 264

b)(5) (b)(6)
Page 058 of 264

b)(5) (b)(6)
Page 059 of 264

b)(5) (b)(6)
Page 060 of 264

b)(5) (b)(6)
Page 061 of 264

b)(5) (b)(6)
b)(5) (b)(6)


 From: john@greenewald.com <john@greenewald.com>
 Sent: Sunday, August 18, 2019 3:06 PM
 To: Gradisher, Joseph F CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
 Cc:1                        1USN CHINFO WASHINGTON DC (USA)
 Subject: [Non-DoD Source] Request for comment - Videos release via DD Form 1910 - Navy was OCA


 Dear Mr. Gradisher,


                                                   6
I hope you recall our pleasant conversation a couple months ago. I appreciated your time on the phone. As a
reminder, I work as a television producer and writer in Los Angeles, and have reported quite a bit on the claims
of "To the Stars Academy of Arts & Science", along with the U.S. Navy videos they released claiming they are
UF0s/UAPs etc.


There is much controversy about what they label the FLIR1, Gimble and GoFast videos. In short, it has been
determined that Mr. Luis Elizondo requested their release via a DD Form 1910, but only for USG use only, and
not for publication. Now, through a recent FOIA release, a string of emails show Mr. Elizondo's
communication with DOPSR. What I am seeking comment on, is the most chronologically recent email in the
chain. I put a screen shot below for reference.


Mr. Luis Elizondo (GS-15, civilian) worded the DD Form 1910 request for USG use only and the videos were
not to be published in any form to the public. However, through email, Mr. Elizondo said to broaden the request
for usage to "unrestricted." Please look at DOPSR's Michael C. Russo's message below, in which he asked for
the OCA (in this case, the Navy) to offer up their stance that if metadata was removed, the videos would be
unclassified. If they did, unrestricted access would be granted by DOPSR. So, it relied on the Navy.


It appears by this FOIA request, that the Navy never communicated any verification. If they did, it was not
released in this FOIA response. So, instead of operating off the assumption, I am seeking comment to the
below questions, if possible. This is for a story this week, so I would appreciate any response you could give me
as time permits.


1) Did the Navy respond to DOPSR's request to approve a "unrestricted" release authority to Mr. Elizondo
in regards to these three videos? If so, does that email grant an unrestricted, PUBLIC, release for these videos?

2) Mr. Luis Elizondo described the videos on the DD Form 1910 as "UAV, Balloons and other UAS." In
addition, Mr. Elizondo's emails describe the videos in generality, as "balloons, commercial UAVs, private
drones such as quadcopters, etc). Does the Navy agree these are the proper identifiers to describe the referenced
Flirl, Gimble and GoFast videos?

3) Mr. Elizondo, and To The Stars Academy of Arts & Science describe these three videos as UFOs or
UAPs, and not with the same description as Mr. Elizondo on official paperwork. Can the Navy comment on the
claims made by TTSA, that these videos represented as UF0s/UAPs by them, and the fact that they were
described in a much different way on official documents?

4) I have a statement from OSD regarding the videos (which I will also put below for reference). I'd like to
ask, since the Navy was the OCA for them, if you could comment as well. In question form, according to the
U.S. Navy, were the videos labeled as FLIR1, Gimble and GoFast ever released to the public, or was the
approval only for internal use?


                                                        7
5) If the answer to #4 is that the videos were not meant for public release, can you tell me the security
classification of the videos at the time they were requested, and the security classification as it stands right now,
if it has changed.


Thank you so much for your time and consideration. As I mentioned, time is of the essence, so anything you
can provide me would be greatly appreciated.


Reference Email from Michael C Russo:


Pentagon Statement about video release:


Sincerely,


John Greenewald, Jr.
Owner/Founder
The Black Vault
http://wwvv.theblackvault.com <http://www.theblackvault.com/>

Toll Free: (800) 456-2228

International: 1 (818) 655-0474

Fax: (818) 659-7688

Mailing Address:
The Black Vault
27305 W. Live Oak Rd., Suite 1203
Castaic, CA 91384-4520

                                                          8
9
Page 066 of 264

(b)(5)
Page 067 of 264

(b)(5)
Page 068 of 264

(b)(5)
Page 069 of 264

(b)(5)
Page 070 of 264

(b)(5)
Page 071 of 264

(b)(5)
Page 072 of 264

(b)(5)
(b)(5)
                            CTR OSD PA (USA)

                                     (b)(5)
  From:                                                     (USA) (b)(5)
  Sent:                               Wednesday, October 7 2020 2:19 PM
                                     (b)(5)
  To:                                                       USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
  Cc:                                 DON FOIA-PA
  Subject:                            FOIA Request - DON-NAVY 2020-007937 007966 007971
  Attachments:                        007937 Snapshot.pdf; 007966 Snapshot.pdf; 007971 Snapshot.pdf


  Sir,

  We are also in receipt of three very closely related FOIA requests. Please review, advise, and take for action as
  appropriate.

  Sent on behalf of the DNS-36 Director.

  V/r,

(b)(5)

  Information Specialist/FOIA-PA
  SECNAV/CNO FOIA/PA Office
  Department of the Navy
  Office: b)(5)
  Direct:
  Fax: b)(5)
  DON • A A • navy.mil
  NOTICE FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY (FOUO) Privacy Act Data - Privacy Sensitive - Any misuse or unauthorized disclosure
                                              -


  may result in both civil and criminal penalties.

-T-11-€4rtfo-rmation contained in this c mail is subject to review in accordance with the Department of the Navy's
 acceptable use policy. All written communications fall under the records retention policy for official records and should
 aeee-Fektg[Y-be-ar-e19iveeld    - Vravt-anrertl-esiferns- r-egar-cffrfg- this- n-ot-ieeTP+eas-e-eoittaet--t+te-s-efrefef:--T-h-aft-k Yoti•


                                                                       1
5/18/2020                                                                    FOIAonline Submission Details

                                                                                     Case Status: Initial Evaluation Due Date: N/A Clock Days: 0 (Never Started)
  DON-NAVY-2020-007937 Request Details
                                                                                                                                          Case Phase: Evaluation

   Requester Information

     Requester                        Mr. John Greenewald
    Organization                      The Black Vault
     Requester Has Account            Yes
     Email Address                    john@greenewald.com
     Phone Number                     8004562228
     Fax Number                       8186597688
    Address                           27305W. Live Oak Rd. Suite #1203
    City                              Castaic
    State/Province                    CA
    Zip Code/Postal Code              91384
    Tracking Number                   DON-NAVY-2020-007937
    Submitted Date                    05/16/2020
    Received Date                     05/18/2020
     Perfected Date
     Last Assigned Date               05/16/2020
    Assigned To                       Chief of Naval Operations
     Last Assigned By
     Request Track                    Simple
    Fee Limit                         $15.00


   Request Handling


     Requester Info Available to the Public            No

     Request Track                                     Simple

    Fee Category                                       Select Fee Category

    Fee Waiver Requested                               No

    Fee Waiver Status

    Expedited Processing Requested                     No

    Expedited Processing Status

    Request Type                                        FOIA

    Request Perfected                                  No

    Acknowledgement Sent Date                          05/18/2020
    Unusual Circumstances                              No
     Litigation                                        No

        5 Day Notifications


   Description

    1642/2000


htlps://foiaonline.gov/foiaonline/action/caseFile/submissionDetails?trackingNumber=DON-NAVY-2020-0079378,type=Request                                              1/3
5/18/2020                                                                                   FOIAonline Submission Details

     To whom it may concern,


     This is a non-commercial request made undert he provisions of the Freedom of Information Act 5 U.S.C. S 552. My FOIA requester status as a "representative of the news media." lam a fr
     working on documentaries related to my FOIA requests, my work is commonly featured throughout major news organizations, and I freelance writer for news sites as well. Examples can


     I prefer electronic delivery of the requested material either via email to john@greenewald.com, FAX 1-818-659-7688 or via CD-ROM or DVD via postal mail. Please contact me should this F


     I respectfully request a copy of records, electronic or otherwise, of the following:


     ALL emails sent TO / FROM (or cc'd or bcc'd) Joseph Gradisher, spokesperson for Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Information Warfare, which include the following keywords:


     "UFO"


     and/or


     "unidentified aircraft"


     and/or


     "unidentified aerial phenomena"


     and/or


     "unidentified aerial phenomenon"


     and/or UAP.


     I agree to omit responsive records released in FOIA DON-NAVY-2019-006272. I also agree to omit PUBLICLY sourced material (ie: newspaper articles). I ask that all included commentary w
     responsive, however, the articles themselves can be omitted.


     I lastly request that NIPR, SIPR and JWICS communication systems are searched for responsive records.


     Thank you so much for your time, and lam very much looking forward to your response.


     Sincerely,


     John Greenewald, Jr.
     27305W. Live Oak Rd.
     Suite #1203
     Castaic, Ca. 91384
     FAX 1-818-659-7688


        Has Description Been Modified
    Description Available to the Public                    No

    Short Description                                      N2N6 UFO Communications


   Additional Information

    Appellate Authority                                     OJAG14

    Case #
    Name of Local Command
    Contract/Sol.#
    Limit Request To Clearly Releasable Info                Select Limit Request To Clearly Releasable Info


https://foiaonline.gov/foiaonline/action/caseFile/submissionDetails?trackingNumber=DON-NAVY-2020-0079378,type.Request                                                                    2/3
5/18/2020                                                              FOIAonline Submission Details

   Attached Supporting Files

    Attachments Available to the Public      No


   Attached File Name                                      Size (MB)                               File Type           Remove


                                                         No supporting files have been uploaded.


   Upload Supporting Files

  No supporting files have been uploaded.


                                                                       Drag files here


                                                                Upload Supporting Files


https://foiaonline.gov/foiaonline/action/caseFile/submissionDetails?trackingNumber=DON-NAVY-2020-007937&type=Request            3/3
5/18/2020                                                                    FOIAonline Submission Details

                                                                                     Case Status: Initial Evaluation Due Date: N/A Clock Days: 0 (Never Started)
  DON-NAVY-2020-007966 Request Details
                                                                                                                                          Case Phase: Evaluation

   Requester Information

    Requester                         Mr. John Greenewald
    Organization                      The Black Vault
    Requester Has Account             Yes
    Email Address                     john@greenewald.com
     Phone Number                     8004562228
    Fax Number                        8186597688
    Address                           27305W. Live Oak Rd. Suite #1203
    City                              Castaic
    State/Province                    CA
    Zip Code/Postal Code              91384
    Tracking Number                   DON-NAVY-2020-007966
    Submitted Date                    05/17/2020
    Received Date                     05/18/2020
     Perfected Date
    Last Assigned Date                05/17/2020
    Assigned To                       Chief of Naval Operations
     Last Assigned By
    Request Track                     Simple
    Fee Limit                         $15.00


   Request Handling


     Requester Info Available to the Public            No

     Request Track                                     Simple

     Fee Category                                      Select Fee Category

    Fee Waiver Requested                               No

    Fee Waiver Status

    Expedited Processing Requested                     No

    Expedited Processing Status

    Request Type                                        FOIA

    Request Perfected                                  No

    Acknowledgement Sent Date                          05/18/2020
    Unusual Circumstances                              No
     Litigation                                        No

        5 Day Notifications


   Description

    1470/2000


htlps://foiaonline.gov/foiaonline/action/caseFile/submissionDetails?trackingNumber=DON-NAVY-2020-0079668itype=Request                                              1/3
5/18/2020                                                                                   FOIAonline Submission Details

     To whom it may concern,


     This is a non-commercial request made under the provisions of the Freedom of Information Act 5 U.S.C. S 552. My FOIA requester status as a "representative of the news media." lam a fr
     working on documentaries related to my FOIA requests, my work is commonly featured throughout major news organizations, and I freelance writer for news sites as well. Examples can


     I prefer electronic delivery of the requested material either via email to john@greenewald.com, FAX 1-818-659-7688 or via CD-ROM or DVD via postal mail. Please contact me should this F


     I respectfully request a copy of records, electronic or otherwise, of the following:


     1) All emails sent to/from (bcc'd or cc'd) Navy Spokesperson Joseph Gradisher, with the e-mail ofjoseph.gradisher@navy.mil (include all other email address that may be different utilize
     following keywords:


     GIMBLE


     and/or


     GIMBAL


     and/or


     FLIR1


     and/or


     "GoFast"


     and/or


     "GO FAST" (Please search for this as a phrase).


     Please include all years available to electronically search for responsive emails. Also, please ensure that NIPR, SIPR and JWICS communications are searched.


     Thank you so much for your time, and lam very much looking forward to your response.


     Sincerely,


     John Greenewald, Jr.
     27305W. Live Oak Rd.
     Suite #1203
     Castaic, Ca. 91384
     FAX 1-818-659-7688


        Has Description Been Modified
     Description Available to the Public                   No                                     •
    Short Description                                      Spokesperson Communications


   Additional Information


    Appellate Authority                                     OJAG14

    Case #
    Name of Local Command
    Contract/Sol.#
    Limit Request To Clearly Releasable Info                Select Limit Request To Clearly Releasable Info


https://foiaonline.gov/foiaonline/action/caseFile/submissionDetails?trackingNumber=DON-NAVY-2020-0079668,type.Request                                                                     2/3
5/18/2020                                                              FOIAonline Submission Details

   Attached Supporting Files

    Attachments Available to the Public      No

   Attached File Name                                      Size (MB)                               File Type           Remove

                                                         No supporting files have been uploaded.


   Upload Supporting Files

  No supporting files have been uploaded.


                                                                       Drag files here


                                                                Upload Supporting Files


https://foiaonline.gov/foiaonline/action/caseFile/submissionDetails?trackingNumber=DON-NAVY-2020-007966&type=Request            3/3
5/18/2020                                                                    FOIAonline Submission Details

                                                                                     Case Status: Initial Evaluation Due Date: N/A Clock Days: 0 (Never Started)
  DON-NAVY-2020-007971 Request Details
                                                                                                                                          Case Phase: Evaluation

   Requester Information

    Requester                         Mr. John Greenewald
    Organization                      The Black Vault
    Requester Has Account             Yes
    Email Address                     john@greenewald.com
     Phone Number                     8004562228
    Fax Number                        8186597688
    Address                           27305W. Live Oak Rd. Suite #1203
    City                              Castaic
    State/Province                    CA
    Zip Code/Postal Code              91384
    Tracking Number                   DON-NAVY-2020-007971
    Submitted Date                    05/17/2020
    Received Date                     05/18/2020
     Perfected Date
    Last Assigned Date                05/17/2020
    Assigned To                       Chief of Naval Operations
     Last Assigned By
    Request Track                     Simple
    Fee Limit                         $15.00


   Request Handling


     Requester Info Available to the Public            No

     Request Track                                     Simple

     Fee Category                                      Select Fee Category

    Fee Waiver Requested                               No

    Fee Waiver Status

    Expedited Processing Requested                     No

    Expedited Processing Status

    Request Type                                        FOIA

    Request Perfected                                  No

    Acknowledgement Sent Date                          05/18/2020
    Unusual Circumstances                              No
     Litigation                                        No

        5 Day Notifications


   Description

    1365/2000


htlps://foiaonline.gov/foiaonline/action/caseFile/submissionDetails?trackingNumber=DON-NAVY-2020-007971&type=Request                                               1/3
5/18/2020                                                                                   FOIAonline Submission Details

     To whom it may concern,


     This is a non-commercial request made under the provisions of the Freedom of Information Act 5 U.S.C. S 552. My FOIA requester status as a "representative of the news media." lam a fr
     working on documentaries related to my FOIA requests, my work is commonly featured throughout major news organizations, and I freelance writer for news sites as well. Examples can


     I prefer electronic delivery of the requested material either via email to john@greenewald.com, FAX 1-818-659-7688 or via CD-ROM or DVD via postal mail. Please contact me should this F


     I respectfully request a copy of records, electronic or otherwise, of the following:


     1) All emails sent to/from (bcc'd or cc'd) Navy Spokesperson Joseph Gradisher, with the e-mail ofjoseph.gradisher@navy.mil (include all other email address that may be different utilize
     following keyword:


     ELIZONDO


     Please include all years available to electronically search for responsive emails. Also, please ensure that NIPR, SIPR and JWICS communications are searched.


     Thank you so much for your time, and lam very much looking forward to your response.


     Sincerely,


     John Greenewald, Jr.
     27305W. Live Oak Rd.
     Suite #1203
     Castaic, Ca. 91384
     FAX 1-818-659-7688


        Has Description Been Modified
    Description Available to the Public                    No

    Short Description                                      Navy Spokesperson Communications


   Additional Information

    Appellate Authority                                     OJAG14

    Case #
    Name of Local Command
    Contract/Sol.#
    Limit Request To Clearly Releasable Info                Select Limit Request To Clearly Releasable Info


   Attached Supporting Files

    Attachments Available to the Public                    No

   Attached File Name                                                         Size (MB)                                File Type                                     Remove

                                                                             No supporting files have been uploaded.


   Upload Supporting Files

  No supporting files have been uploaded.


                                                                                            Drag files here


                                                                                    Upload Supporting Files


https://foiaonline.gov/foiaonline/action/caseFile/submissionDetails?trackingNumber=DON-NAVY-2020-0079718type.Request                                                                      2/3
5/18/2020                                                          FOIAonline Submission Details


https://foiaonline.gov/foiaonline/action/caseFile/submissionDetails?trackingNumber=DON-NAVY-2020-007971&type=Request   3/3
 (b)(6)


                                   (b)(6)
 From:                                                  CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)
 Sent:                              Tuesday, September 1, 2020 12:17 PM
 To:                                (b)(6)                     IV USN NAWCAD (USA)
 Cc:                               (b)(6)              CIV USN COMNAVAIRSYSCOM PAX (USA); Stratton, John F (Jay) SES
                                    USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)f)(6)                    CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); (b)(6)
                                    (b)(6)
                                                    USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); (b)(6)           USN DCNO N2N6 (USA);
                                    Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
 Subject:                           FW: DON-NAVY-2020-007330
 Attachments:                       DON-NAVY-2020-007330 Case File.pdf; DON-NAVY-2020-007330 Attachment - AFOSI
                                    Investigation pg 2.pdf; DON-NAVY-2020-007330 Attachment - AFOSI Investigation.pdt
                                    2020-007330 Final Response.doc


(b)(6)


(b)(6)

(b)(6)


 Having said that, does that in any way cause a hiccup with the fact that NAVAIR was the release authority for the public
 release of all 3 videos in response to the earlier FOIA?

 Regards,

(b)(6)


   (b)(6)

  (b)(6)
            U.S. Navy (Ret)
    N2N6 Strategic Engagements
    (b)(6)
                _.1


 From: (b)(6)                   CIV USN NAWCAD (USA) (b)(6)
 Sent: Monday, August 31, 2020 2:04 PM
 TO: (b)(6)            CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)                               Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA
 (USA) (b)(6)
 Cc:
 Subject: FW: DON-NAVY-2020-007330

 Good Afternoon,

 This is in reference to a FOIA request we received for records "regarding the history and custody of the videos described
 as video of two F-18 Hornets tracking an unidentified Flying Object (UFO) in the AFOSI File number 3290517356125 (see
 attached for reference)".

 During our search for records, we discovered that the video(s) history and custody did not fall under our
 cognizance. After consulting with CSG-8, they conducted a search and provided a No Records response below. Please
 let us know if you concur with our final response to requester.

                                                             1
Thank you!

 V/R,
(b)(6)

 NAWCAD Command Operations Group
 Admin & Records Management Division
 47122 Liljencrantz Road
 Patuxent River, MD 20670
 Phone: (b)(6)

                                                                  rly misuse   or auu1oiiiu u isclosuie can 1suiT in 00W
 civil and criminal penalties."


         (b)()
            6
From:                          USN COMCARSTRKGRU EIGHT (USA) (b)(6)
Sent: Wednesday, July 1, 2020 1:29 PM
                                                  (b)(6)
To: (b)(6)                   CIV USN NAWCAD (USA)
Subject: RE: DON-NAVY-2020-007330

 Ma'am,

 I am the IDA for CSG-8. Our Staff, CVW-1, and VFA-11 were not able to locate any records responsive to the request.

 Let me know if you need any other information.

 V/R, (b)(6)
(b)(6)
                      , JAGC, USN
 Stall Judge Advocate
 Carrier                GHT
 Office (b)(6)
 NIPR: (b)(6)
 SIPR:

fOR-OFFI-C-PrEU-S-E-014L-Y—PrivaerSen-sitive—Amrmistrse-or-trita-trthorized-efitel-erstrre-ea-trrestat-irrboth civil and
criminal penalties.

 NOTICE: This c-mail communication is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain unclassified
 confidential and/or attorney client privileged information. Any unauthorized disclosure, copying or dissemination of this

 delete all copies received.

From: (b)(6)                    CIV USN NAWCAD (USA) (b)(6)
Sent: Wednesday, July 1, 2020 1 26 PM
To: (b)(6)                  USN COMCARSTRKGRU EIGHT (USA) (b)(6)
Cc: (b)(6)                   CIV USN NAWCAD (USA) (b)(6)
Subject: RE: DON-NAVY-2020-007330

(b)(6)


 I thought I would check Ito see if you were able to confirm if CSG-8 had responsive records on this request or if you
 could provide a POC for the CSG-8 FOIA Office, we would greatly appreciate it.

                                                              2
Thank you!

V/R
(b)(6) 11=11    -
                        )
NAWCAL) Command Dperations Group
Admin & Records Management Division
47122 Liljencrantz Road
Patuxent River, MD 20670
Phone: (b)(6)

.JF-OR--O-F-F-4-GIAL-U-S-E-ONL-Y---P-RI-VAGY-S-E-N-S4-T-I-VE—Prny-n-t-istrst-er-atrt-he-r-izeel-elisclosurc can result in both


                                                              (b)(6)
From: (b)(6) -MIL          021V USN NAWCAD (USA)
Sent: Wednesday, June 24, 2020 10:56 AM
To: (b)(6)                 USN COMCARSTRKGRU EIGHT (USA) (b)(6)
Cc: (b)(6)                      CIV USN NAWCAD (USA) (b)(6)
Subject: RE: DON-NAVY-2020-007330

(b)(6)


I believe the requester is looking for information on the "Gimbal" video which was obtained from VFA-11. If you can
confirm that CSG-8 has no responsive records or a POC for the CSG-8 FOIA Office, I would greatly appreciate it.

Thank you!

V/R

NAWCAD Command Operations Group
Admin & Records Management Division
47122 Liljencrantz Road
Patuxent River, MD 206 70
Phone: (b)(6)

`FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY               PRIVACY SENSITIVE Any 111/JUSe 01 dutliuLiz,eLl disklosuie Lan Lesult in bull
Civil fnd criminal penalties."

                                                                         (b)(6)
From:                        USN COMCARSTRKGRU EIGHT (USA
Sent: Wednesday, June 24, 2020  10:47 AM
To:                         CIV USN NAWCAD (USA) (b)(6)
Subject: RE: DON-NAVY-2020-007330

Ma'am,

Good morning - from your emails below I am tracking the following request:

Records "regarding the history and custody of the videos described as video of two F-18 Hornets tracking an unidentified
Flying Object (UFO) in the AFOSI File number 3290517356125 (see attached for reference)"

If there is anything else you need, please let me know and I will coordinate with the CVW-1 and VFA-11 to get you a
formal response.

                                                                3
 V/R, Grif
(b)(6)
                       , JAGC, USN
 Staff Judge Advocate
 Carrier Strike Groun FIGHT
 Office: (b)(6)
 NIPR: (b)(6)
 SIPR:

 FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY          Privacy Sensitive Any misuse or unauthorized disclosure can result in both civil nd
 criminal penalties.

 NOTICE: This e-mail communication is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain unclassified
 confidential and/or attorney client privileged information. Any unauthorized disclosure, copying or dissemination of this
 communication ig prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please notify the sender by telephone or c-mail and
-delete all copies recei-ved-


 From: (b)(6)                         USN SECOND FLEET (USA) (b)(6)
 Sent: Wednesday, June 17, 2020 1:17 PM
                                                           (b)(6)                          (b)(6)
 To: ( ) )(6)                     CIV USN NAWCAD (USA)                                                     USN
 COMNAVAIRLANT NOR VA (USA)            (b)(6)                     (b)(6)            USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
(b)(6)                             (b)(6)            CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)                     (b)(6)
(b)(6)          USN COMCARSTRKGRU EIGHT (USA         (b)(6)

 Cc: Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA) (b)(6)                          (b)(6)         IV USN
 COMNAVAIRSYSCOM PAX (US)           (b)(6)                         (b)(6)    CIV USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA)
 (b)(6)                      ; (b)(6)                IUSN (USA) (b)(6)                   (b)(6)         USN CNIC
 WASHINGTON DC (USA) (b)(6)                         I
 Subject: RE: DON-NAVY-2020-007330

 All:

 (b)(6)                                                     (b)(6)
                       copied above, is the SJA for CSG-8.
 he may not yet be up on email. nis   the best POC at CSG-8 for FOIA questions.

 V/r,

(b)(6)
                    JAGC, USN
 Fleet Judge Advocate
 U.S. SECOND Fleet
 Phone: (b)(6)
 Cell: Ill(6)
 Email: (b)(6)
 SIPR: (b)(6)

 ***AUORNEY WORK PRODUCT/ATTORNEY-CLIENT PRIVILEGED
          IORIZED INDIVIDUALS***


 From: (b)(6)                   CIV USN NAWCAD (USA) (b)(6)
 Sent: Wednesday, June 17, 2020 1:13 PM
                                                                                           (b)(6)
 To: (b)(6)             USN COMNAVAIRLANT NOR VA (USA) (b)(6)                                                     USN
 DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)                      (b)(6)                    CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
 (b)(6)
                                                             4
                                                                                                    (b)(6)
 Cc: Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA) (13)(6)                                                CIV USN
 COMNAVAIRSYSCOM PAX (US) (13)(6)                                ;I(b)(6)                CIV USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA)
 (b)(6)                  (b)(6)                     USN (USA         (b)(6)                        (b)(6)         USN CNIC
                       ;
 WASHINGTON DC (USA) (b)(6)                                                            USN SECOND FLEET (USA)
  (b)(6)

 Subject: RE: DON-NAVY-2020-007330

 Good Afternoon,

 This FOIA request is for records "regarding the history and custody of the videos described as video of two F-18 Hornets
 tracking an unidentified Flying Object (UFO) in the AFOSI File number 3290517356125 (see attached for reference)". I
 believe that is the "Gimbal" video which was obtained from VFA-11.

 If you can confirm that CSG-8 has no responsive records or a POC for the CSG-8 FOIA Office, I would greatly appreciate
 it.

 Thank you all for your assistance!

 V/R
 (b)(6)

 NAWCAD Command Operations Group
 Admin & Records Management Division
 47122 Liljencrantz Road
 Patuxent Riv r MD 21.70
        (b)(6)
 Phone:

 'FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY — PRIVACY SENSITIVE —Any misuse or authorized disclosure can result in both civil and criminal
 penalties."


 From: (b)(6)                USN COMNAVAIRLANT NOR VA (USA)
 Sent: Wednesday, June 17 2020 11:53 AM
                                                                       r    r--
                                                                            :0(6)


                                                                                           (b)(6)
 To: (3)(6)                  USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)                                                         CIV USN
 NAWCAD (USA) (b)(6)                               (b)(6)                           CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
 (b)(6)
                                                                                       (b)(6)
  Cc: Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA) (b)(6)
  CIV USN NAWCAD (USA) (b)(6)                                (b)(6)        CIV USN COMNAVAIRSYSCOM PAX (US)
 (b)(6)                           (b)(6)        CIV USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA) (b)(6)               (b)(6)
 (b)(6)           USN (USA)1b)(6)                       (b)(6)              USN CNIC WASHINGTON DC (USA)
(b)(6)                      (b)(6)                   .-J. SN SECOND FLEET (USA) (b)(6)
 Subject: RE: DON-NAVY-2020-007330

(b)(6)


 On the east coast, CSGs provide all the "legal" care and feeding for their subordinate units. So CSG-8 would serve as
 FOIA IDA for VFA-11. I can't speak for CNAP concerning VFA-41.

 Adding C2F JAG for SA as the east coast CSGs fall under C2F.

 V/r

 (b)(6)
(b)(6)    JAGC, USN

                                                                 5
 Force Judge Advocate (NO1L)
 Commander, Naval Air Force Atlantic
 1562 Mitscher Avenue, Suite 300
 Norfolk, VA 23551-2427
 Desk Phone: (b)(6)
 Mobile Phone: (b)(6)
 SIPR: (b)(6)


 From: (b)(6)                USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)
 Sent: Wednesday, June 17, 2020 11:01 AM
 To (b)(6)             USN COMNAVAIRLANT NOR VA (USA) (b)(6)                             (b)(6)                    CIV
 USN NAWCAD (USA) (b)(6)                             ; (b)(6)                CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
  (b)(6)
                                                                (b)(6)                     (b)(6)
 Cc: Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA)                          ;
 CIV USN NAWCAD (USA) (b)(6)                                 (b)(6)       CIV USN COMNAVAIRSYSCOM PAX (US)
                                  (b)(6)                                                            (b)(6)
 (b)(6)                         ;              CIV USN ONI WASHINGTON DC USA) (b)(6)
 (b)(6)           USN (USA) (b)(6)                  ;
                                                      (b)(6)         USN CNIC WASHINGTON DC (USA)
  (b)(6)

 Subject: RE: DON - NAVY - 2020- 007330

(b)(6)


              (b)(5)
 Thanks.
(b)(5)


  R/ (b)(6)


 Sent with BlackBerry Work
 (www.blackberry.com )


 From: (b)(6)             USN COMNAVAIRLANT NOR VA (USA) (b)(6)
 Date: uesda , Jun 16, 202J, 3:12 PM
                                                                              (b)(6)
 To: (b)(6)               USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (" 6)                                                CIV USN NAWCAD
 (U       (b)(6)                         (b)(6)              CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)I(b)(6)
 Cc: Stra on, o n IEV/       U 1 el  TV SHINGTON DC (USA) (b)(6)                       1(b)(6)                   CIV USN
                 (b)(6)                              (b)(6)
 NAWCAD (USA)                                                        CIV USN COMNAVAlliSYSLOM FAX (US)
 (b)(6)                       (b)(6)            CIV USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA) (b)(6)                    (b)(6)
                                                                                                       I,

                                                            6
 (b)(6)                      (b)(6)                  (b)(6)
                 USN (USA)                                              USN CNIC WASHINGTON DC (USA)
 (b)(6)

  Subject: RE: DON-NAVY-2020-007330


  All:

  The videos are posted on the NAVAIR FOIA Reading Room page (it's linked to there from the DoD Press Release about
  the publishing of the videos). DoD Press Release containing the link is called "Statement by Department of Defense on
  the Release of Historical Navy Videos" from April 27, 2020.

  VFA-41 is assigned to CVW-9, which appears to be attached to CSG-3...west coast.
  VFA-11 is assigned to CVW-1, which falls under CSG-8...east coast.

  V/r

  (b)(6)
  (b)(6)
         jAGC, USN
  Force Judge Advocate (NO1L)
  Commander, Naval Air Force Atlantic
  1562 Mitscher Avenue, Suite 300
  Norfolk, VA 23551-2427
  Desk Phone: (b)(6)
  Mobile Phone: (b)(6)
  S IPR: (3)(6)


                                                        (b)(6)
  From: (3)(6)                    USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
  Sent: Tuesday, June 16, 2020 1:49 PM
                                                                                        (b)(6)
  To: (3)(6)                       CIV USN NAWCAD USA) (b)(6)                                       CIV USN
   DCNO N2N6 (USA) (" 6)
                                                                 (b)(6)                  (b)(6)
  Cc: Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA)
   CIV USN NAWCAD (USA) 0)0)                                   (b)(6)       CIV USN COMNAVAIRSYSCOM PAX (US)
  (b)(6)                                                                                              (b)(6)
                                   (b)(6)        CIV USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA) (IF(6)
   (b)(6)          USN (USA) (b)(6)                     (b)(6)          USN COMNAVAIRLANT NOR VA USA)
                                                      ;
  (b)(6)                       (b)(6)           JSN CNIC WASHINGTON DC (USA) (" 6)
  Subject: RE: DON - NAVY-2020-007330

 (b)(6)


(b)(5)


  Vr/ (b)(6)

                                                                 7
Sent with BlackBerry Work
(www.blackberry.com )


         (b)(6)                                            (b)(6)
 From:                             CIV USN NAWCAD (USA)
 Date: Tuesday, Jun 16, 2020, 1:30 PM
 To: (b)(6)                :IV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)
                                                                                      (b)(6)
 Cc: Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN ON! WASHINGTON DC (USA) (b)(6)                                          USN DCNO
 N2N6 (USA) 030)                              (b)(6)                CIV USN NAWCAD (USA)
(b)(6)                                 (b)(6)           CIV USN COJNAVAIRSYSCOM PAX (US) (b)(6)
 Subject: RE: DON - NAVY-2020-00730

(b)(6)


We are the OCA of the information not the videos, so we need to refer this FOIA request to the appropriate FOIA Office
for processing. I looked up VFA -11 and VFA-41 and they fall under CNIC. I will contact them

Thank you!

V/R
(b)(6)

NAWCAD Command Operations Group
Admin & Records Management Division
47122 Liljencrantz Road
Patuxent River. MD 20670
       (b)(6)
Phone:

'F&F(3-FFK-EkEU5F&P+Pt"-RRPQ9ceiLS-EN&I+PQLE—Any M-i-s-e-               I-G[i-S-d-GS-H                          Gpi-m-i-nal_
pcnaltics."


From: (1) )(6)             CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)
Sent: Tuesday, June 16, 2020 1:02 PM
Tol(b)(6)                      CIV USN NAWCAD (USA) (b)(6)
Cc Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA) (b)(6)                             (b)(6)                 USN
DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)
Subject: RE: DON-NAVY-2020-007330

(b)(6)


I checked with Jay Stratton to get the background at how the videos ended up there at PAX.

My back and forth with him is attached.

It looks like the videos were passed from the squadron and/or fleet level through him and on to PAX without a
releasable paper trail.

All via classified networks, from the looks of it.

Does that provide what you need?


                                                           8
Regards,

(b)(6)


   (b)(6)

   Captain, U.S. Navy (Ret)
   N2N6 Strategic Engagements
   (b)(6)


From: (" 6)                     CIV USN NAWCAD (USA) (b)(6)
Sent: Tuesday, June 16, 2020 10:38 AM
To: (b)(6)            IC1V USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)
CC: (b)(6)                   CIV USN NAWCAD (USA) (b)(6)
Subject: DON-NAVY-2020-007330

(b)(6)


We have received the attached FOIA Request and need your assistance. The request is asking for records regarding the
history and custody of the UAP videos. I checked with our Program Office and was informed the squadron/fleet does
not fall under our cognizance. Do you know what squadron/fleet the videos were under? Who should I refer this FOIA
request to?

DON-NAVY-2020-007330 - All information and records including (but not limited to) reports, correspondence, queries,
documents, letters, messages regarding the history and custody of the videos described as video of two F-18 Hornets
tracking an unidentified Flying Object (UFO) » in the AFOSI File number 3290517356125 (see attached file for reference).
The release of this video was investigated by the AFOSI in 2018 and the report mentions the Naval Air Warfare Center
Aircraft Division as being in possession of those videos.

Thank you!

V/R
(b)(6)

NAWCAD Command Operations Group
Admin & Records Management Division
47122 Liljencrantz Road
Patuxent River, MD 20670
Phone: (b)(6)

'FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY     PRIVACY SENSITIVE Any misuse or authorized disclosure can result in both civil and c inival
penalties."


                                                           9
                                               Phase: Assignment       Status: Assignment Determination
DON-NAVY-2020-007330 request Details

                                                         Due Date: N/A      Clock Days: 0 (Never Started)


 Requester Information

 Requester                          Mr. MARC        Tracking Number                  DO N-NAVY-2020-
                                    CECOTTI         007330
 Organization                                       Submitted Date                   04/30/2020

 Requester Has Account              Yes             Received Date                    04/30/2020
 Email Address                      (b)(6)          Perfected Date
                                                    Last Assigned Date               05/05/2020
                                                                                    (b)(6)
 Phone Number                                       Assigned To
 Fax Number
                                   (b)(6)                                            (Naval Air
 Address
                                                                                     Warfare Center
 City                                                                                Aircraft Division)
                                                                                    (b)(6)
 State/Province                                     Last Assigned By
 Zip Code/Postal Code
                                                                                     (Naval Air
                                                                                     Warfare Center
                                                                                     Aircraft Division)

                                                    Request Track                    Simple
                                                    Fee Limit                        $10.00


 Request Handling

 Requester Info Available to the    No              Request Type                     FOIA
 Public?                                            Request Perfected                No
 Request Track                      Simple
                                                    Perfected Date
 Fee Category
                                    No              Acknowledgement Sent Date
 Fee Waiver Requested
                                                    Unusual Circumstances            No
 Fee Waiver Status
                                                    Litigation                       No
 Expedited Processing Requested     No
                                                    Court Docket Number
 Expedited Processing Status
                                                    5 Day Notifications?             No
 Description

 Long Description                  Pursuant to the Freedom of Information Act, I hereby request all information and
                                   records including (but not limited to) reports, correspondence, queries,
                                   documents, letters, messages regarding the history and custody of the videos
                                   described as 0 video of two F-18 H omets tracking an unidentified Flying Object
                                   (UFO) D in the AFOSI File number 3290517356125 (see attached file for
                                   reference). The release of this video was investigated by the AFOSI in 2018 and
                                   the report mentions the Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division as being in
                                   possession of those videos. If any records responsive to my req uest originated
                                   with another agency and require review or handling by that agency, I request
                                   that I be informed appropriately of the agency(ies) involved and actions in this
                                   regard. If my request is denied in whole or in part, I ask that you explain all
                                   deletions by reference to specific categories of exempted information, but as
                                   required by law, release any segregab le portions that are left after the
                                   exempted material has been redacted. I would prefer to receive any available
                                   document in electronic format. Kind regards, Marc CECOTTI
Has Description Been Modified?     Yes
 Long Description Modified
Description Available to the       No
Public?
Short Description


 Additional Information

Appellate Authority                               N/A

Case #                                            N/A

Name of Local Command                             N/A

Contract/Sol.#                                    N/A

Limit Request To Clearly Releasable Info          N/A


 Attached Supporting Files

Attachments Available to the
Public?
No

   Attached File Name                                       Size (MB)                       File Type


   EWo7djBWA4AiGfu.jpeg                                     0.603                           JPEG Image


   warfare.jpg                                              0.4263                          JPEG Image
Appeals


Tracking Number                      Appeal Date                Appellant                 Phase               Notification


                                                No appeals have been created.


Consultations


Tracking Number             Consulted Agency            Created By          Consultation Date           Due Date        Phase


                                              No consultations have been created.


Correspondence to Requester


Subject                                                              From            To                         Date


 FO IA Request DON-NAVY-2020-007330 Submitted                        System          Mr. MARC CECOTTI           04/30/2020


This message is to confirm your request submission to the FO I Aonl me application: View Request. Request information is
as follows:


              •   Tracking Number DON-NAVY-2020-007330
              •   Requester Name: Mr. MARC CECOTTI
              •   Date Submitted: 04/30/2020
              •   Request Status: Submitted
              •   Description: Pursuant to the Freedom of Information Act, I hereby request all information and records
                  including (but not limited to) reports, correspondence, q ueries, documents, letters, messages regarding
                  the history and custody of the videos described as « video of two F-18 Homets tracking an unidentified
                  Flying Object (UFO) D in the AFOSI File number 3290517356125 (see attached file for reference). The
                  release of this video was investigated by the AFOSI in 2018 and the report mentions the Naval Air Warfare
                  Center Aircraft Division as being in possession of those videos.


                  If any records responsive to my req uest originated with another agency and require review or hand ling
                  by that agency, I req uest that I be informed appropriately of the agency(ies) involved and actions in this
                  regard.


                  If my request is denied in whole or in part, I ask that you explain all deletions by reference to specific
                  categories of exempted information, but as required by law, release any segregab le portions that are left
                  after the exempted material has been redacted.
I would prefer to receive any available document in electronic format.


Kind regards,


Marc CECOTTI
                                                                                                            DATE OE TRANSMITTAL
FILE NUMBER
                                                       AFOSI INVESTIGATIVE COMMUNICATION
                                                                                                                 20180421
1790617356PS
TO Office of the Secretary of Defense                            FROM, AFOSI Detachment 334
       1000 Defense Pentagon                                                1165 Air Force Pentagon, Room 5E1037
       Washington, DC 20301                                                 Washington. DC 20330
SUBJECT
Miliggigill) Air Force Office of Special investigations Detachment 334, Casetl: 329057356125, December 2017,
Det 334, 12/17, Unauthorized Disclosure of Potentially Classified DOD Videos.


REFERENCES


                                         ITEM(S) CHECKED ARE APPLICABLE TO ABOVE SUBJECT

       1. INVESTIGATION HAS BEEN INITIATED AND REPORTS WILL BE FORWARDED AS SOON AS POSSIRI F

V      2. THIS MATTER IS       PENDING          V   CLOSED

       3. REQUEST REPORT OF ACTION TAKEN (AFR 124-4)

.1     4. NOTE RESTRICTIVE LEGENDS ON FRONT OF THE ATTACHMENT(S)

       5 REQUEST INSTRUCTIONS AS TO DISPOSITION OF EVIDENCE LISTED BELOW

,,,/   6. ATTACHED IS FORWARDED FOR          INFORMATION             ,s/   ACTION

        7. INVESTIGATION/SUMMARY ATTACHED

       8. REQUEST STATUS OF THIS MATTER AND/OR DATE REPORT MAY BE EXPECTED

        9 REFER ATTACHED TO INTERESTED COMMANDER FOR INFORMATION OR ACTION IF NOT PREVIOUSLY REPORTED

       10. WHEN ATTACHMENT(S)     IS/ARE    REMOVED, THE CLASSIFiCATION OF TH S CORRESPONDENCE WILL BE
.../
                   RETAINED    DOWNGRADED TO                                    CANCELED    V   MARKED "FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY"
REMARKS
CASE AGENT: (U) SA bX6)• (b)(7X(              AFOS1 Detachment (Det) 334 Pentagon, Washington, DC.

BACKGROUND:

Miling1.11) This investigation was initiated on 22 Dec 17 following the 16 Dec 1"/ release of a video of two F-18 Hornets tracking
an unidentified flying object (UFO) to the New York Times news agency. The video in question named "Girnble" was previously
classified..PF and it was unknown if the proper declassification authorization was gained prior to the release of the video. Civ
                    (SUBJECT),
 :t6); (b)(7)(0)                                                  !however, a short time later he disclosed his involvement (to
several news outlets) with the Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program, which focused research issues on Unidentified
Flying Objects.

 Mignilliggn) Prior to SUBJECT's departure from the DoD in October 2017, he submitted a request to have three classified videos
downgraded via a DD Form 1910, "CLEARANCE REQUEST FOR PUBLIC RELEASE OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
INFORMATION," to Civ ' 61 (b1('''c1             Defense Office of Republication and Security Review, Pentagon, Washington,
D.C. The videos were "GoFast," "Gimbie," and "FUR," all three videos were classified WM. The downgrade request was
submitted on 9 Aug 17, but there was no indication the request was ever granted. (Agent Note: The DD Form 1910 was the form
provided, but was not a form used for the declassification process. The DD 1910 is used for the public release of DoD
information.) The request for release there was no indication the videos would he release to any news media outlet. The reason
for publication was listed as, "Not Applicable. Not for publication. Research and analysis ONLY and info sharing with other USG
and industry partners for the purposes of developing a database to help identfy, analyze, and ultimately defeat UAS threats."
         Istated he would not have approved the videos for release to the media. Additionally, t 6) _ itever received confirmation
the videos were declassified.


NAME—GRADE. TITLE. AND SIGNATURF                     ATTACHMENT(S)                              COPIES TO:
  6), (WC/AO
                                                                                                 1 - File
    f6); tbx7xc)   SA, USAF                                                                      I - USD(1)
Commander, AFOSI Det 334

AFOSI FORM 158, 19840901 (IMT-V3)
REMARKS (Continued)

(eureptie) On 9 Mar 18, AFOS1 Detachment 334 (DET), Pentagon, Washington, DC, received confirmation from Civ
                     1Unauthorized Disclosure Office, 1550 Crystal City Drive, Arlington, VA the videos released by SUBJECT to
the media were determined to beIJIMIRM41.           jubmitted the videos to Civ4               Division Head, Naval Air Warfare
Center - Aircraft Division, Naval Air Station Patuxent River, MD, who in turn submitted the videos to Civ
Deputy Security Manager, FA-18 Program Office, Naval Air Station Patuxent River, MD, who sent the lead to the Radar and
EO_IR IPT office. The result was "No sensitive symbology or other items of concern."

IIIIMINISIO) On 12 Mar 18, DET 334 conducted an interview of                            explained the videos did not go through the
proper channels to obtain their declassification, although the videos areqW/WWM.                 stated the videos would not undergo
the formal declassification process just because they were inadvertently released to the public, b t 6       l'elayed there was no
indication the videos were classifiect in the first place,          stated 100% of all F-18 videos go  through   his office for
                                     r
declassification and public release.          —I stated the videos which SUBJECT released never went through his office.
explained there were no identifying features on the videos to determine when or where the videos came from in order to find out
 who would have originally classified them. This made it difficult to find the exact video,              explained individual units kept
track of their footage, but did not keep every video. Some videos were kept for training purposes and some for situations such as
 SUBJECT'S public release of unauthorized videos

             On 13 Apr I /3        Contacted SA           and confirmed that after conducting an official classification
review, the three videos obtained by SUBJECT were confirmed to be UNCLASSIFIED.           ;stated the Unauthorized
Disclosure Program Management Office considered the matter closed.

CONCLUSION:

AFOS1 Det 334 considers this matter closed and will forward the appropriate documentation to the Under Secretary of Defense
Intelligence, Pentagon, Washington DC for action.


AFOSI FORM 168,01 SEPTEMBER 1984 (Continuation Sheet) (IMT-V3)
                          DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY
                             NAVAL AIR SYSTEMS COMMAND
                          RADM WILLIAM A. MOFFETT BUILDING
                              47123 BUSE ROAD, BLDG 2272
                         PATUXENT RIVER, MARYLAND, 20670-1547

                                                                          IN REPLY REFER TO


                                                                5720.9b
                                                                AIR 11.4/FD 2020-007330


VIA SAME DAY E-MAIL   marc.cecotti@gmail.com

Marc Cecotti
(b)(6)


SUBJECT: FOIA CASE DON-NAVY-2020-007330

Dear Mr. Cecotti,

     This letter responds to your Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
request entered into FOIA online on 30 April 2020 in which you
requested all information and records including (but not limited tO)
reports, correspondence, queries, documents, letters, messages
regarding the history and custody of the videos described as "video of
two F-18 Hornets tracking an identified Flying Object (UFO)" in the
AFOSI File number 3290517256125.

      During the course of processing your FOIA request, we contacted
our F-18 Program Office and was informed that the videos were not
maintained by the Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR). This office
contacted the Carrier Strike Group Eight (CSG-8), Carrier Air Wing One
(CVW-1) and Strike Fighter Squadron 11 (VFA-11) to conduct a search
for applicable records. Accordingly, CSG-8, CVW-1, and VFA-11 searched
their databases for records regarding the history and custody of the
videos and advised NAVAIR that they have found no records responsive
to your request.

     Because no records were located, you may appeal this
determination. Appeals must be received within 90 days from the date
of this letter. Please provide a letter requesting an appeal, with a
copy of your initial request and a copy of the letter of denial, in an
envelope marked "Freedom of Information Act Appeal." You are
encouraged (though not required) to provide an explanation why you
believe the redactions were inappropriate or our search was
inadequate. Also, please provide a copy of your appeal letter to us
at:

                NAWCAD Command Operations Group
                ATTN: FOIA Office
                47122 Liljencrantz Road, Bldg. 440
                Patuxent River, MD 20670


                                          1
DON-NAVY-2020-007330


There are two ways to file an appeal-through FOIAonline or by mail.

   1.Through FOIAonline. This will work only if you set up an account
     on FOIAonline before you make the request that you would like to
     appeal. To set up an account, go to FOIAonline (this is a
     website that will appear as the top hit if you search the
     internet for "FOIAonline"), click "Create Account" (a link
     located within the blue banner at the top in the upper right
     corner), enter your data into the field that subsequently
     appears, and click "Save" (at the bottom left of the screen).
     With your account thereby created, you will have the power to
     file an appeal on FOIAonline to any request you file on
     FOIAonline thereafter. To do so, locate your request (enter a
     keyword or the request tracking number in the "Search for" field
     on the "Search" tab), click on it, then the "Create Appeal" tab
     in the left-hand column. Complete the subsequent field, click
     "Save," and FOIAonline will submit your appeal.

   2.By mail. Address your appeal to:

                  Department of the Navy
                  Office of the General Counsel
                  1000 Navy Pentagon, Room 5A532
                  Washington, DC 20350-1000

      If you have any questions, please contact the FOIA coordinator at
AD FOIA.GM.fct@navy.mil. You may also contact the DON FOIA Public
Liaison, Christopher Julka, at christopher.a.julka@navy.mil, (703)697-
0031. In addition, the Office of Government Information Services
(OGIS) provides a voluntary mediation process for resolving disputes
between persons making FOIA requests and the Department of the Navy
(DON). For more information, go to
https://www.archives.gov/ogis/about-ogis/contact-information.

                                        Sincerely,


                                        Anthony Dowdle
                                        Senior Associate Counsel
                                        By Direction of the Commander


                                    2
 Boampong, Dana M CTR OSD PA (USA)

 From:                              Tipton, Neill T SES OSD OUSD INTEL & SEC (USA)
 Sent:                               Monday, August 17, 2020 4:39 PM
 To:                                 Kernan, Joseph D HON (USA); Cacci, Ralph A SES (USA)
                                                                                            (b)(6)
 Cc:                                Cummings, Matthew C (Matt) SES OSD OUSD INTEL (USA),                          CIV (USA);
                                    (b)(6)
                                                         USAF OSD OUSD INTEL & SEC (USA); (b)(6)                CIV OSD
                                    OUSD INTEL & SEC (USA)" ())(6)                IV OSD 0                         (b)(6)
                                    (b)(6)
                                                 USARMY OSD OUSD INTEL & SEC (USA); (b)(6)                  CIV (USA);
                                    Schugar, Carolyn K SES OSD OUSD INTEL (USA); (b)(6)                      USAF AFELM
                                    OSD (USA); Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
 Subject:                            FW: Mainstream News Coverage on UAPTF
 Attachments:                       Compilation UAP Task Force Announcement 17 August 2020.docx
                                    (b)(6)
 Signed By:

 Categories:                         UAP AATIP Elizondo UFO


 Sir.
(b)(5)


 Thanks
 Neill


  From: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
  Sent: Monday, August 17, 2020 4:18 PM
                                                          (b)(6)
  To: (" 6)              CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)                                          Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN DCNO
  N2N6 (USA) ")                              • Cummings, Matthew C (Matt) SES OSD OUSD INTEL (USA)
  (b)(6)                                     Tipton, Neill T SES OSD OUSD INTEL & SEC (USA) (b)(6)
 (b)(6)              JSN (USA (b)(6)                              ; Kozik, David A SES OSD OUSD INTEL & SEC (USA)
 (b)(6)                         (b)(6)                           USN OSD OUSD INTEL & SEC (USA)
(b)(6)                                 ; Carranza, Guillermo R SES OSD OGC (USA) (b)(6)
  Cc   (b)(6)              JSN CHINFO WASHINGTON DC (USA) r)(6)                                        (b)(6)
(b)(6)
                             (b)(6)                    USAF AFELM SD (USA) (b)(6)
  Subject: Mainstream News Coverage on UAPTF

 Folks,
 Attached is a compilation of mainstream print/online and TV/radio news reports on Friday's announcement of the
 establishment of the UAPTF. There were multiple tv/radio mentions in several markets nationwide on the 14th/15th.
 The CBNC clip is representative of most segments, but our Media Analysis Team also included links to the major ABC and
 FOX hits.

 Regards,
 Sue


                                                               1
                 COMPILATION I UAP TASK FORCE ANNOUNCEMENT
                                            14-17 AUGUST 2020

                                             TABLE OF CONTENTS
   1. Pentagon to set up new unit to investigate UFOs — 8/15                                    1
      Agence France-Presse I Not Attributed                                                     1
  2. Fox News 8/15/2020 6:47:45 PM                                                              2
  3. US defense department creates taskforce to investigate UFOs — 8/15                         2
      The Guardian (U.K.) I Guardian Staff                                                      2
  4. Pentagon forming UFO task force after Donald Trump told Fox host he'd look into it — 8/15  3
      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong) I Not Attributed                                     3
  5. Navy-led task force will detect, analyze and track `unidentified aerial phenomena' - 8/15  4
      Stars & Stripes I Aaron Kidd                                                              4
  6. The Pentagon Made A Unit To Investigate UFOs And It's Not Keeping It Secret Anymore — 8/14 4
      Buzzfeed News I Salvador Hernandez                                                        4
  7. CNBC 8/14/2020 5:20:45 AM                                                                  6
  8. Pentagon launches task force to study UFO sightings — 8/14                                 6
      The Hill I Tal Axelrod                                                                    6
  9. Pentagon creates UFO task force to see if aerial objects pose threat — 8/14                6
      Military Times I Howard Altman and J.D. Simkins                                           6
  10. Pentagon establishes new task force to investigate UFOs — 8/14                            8
      Politico I Bryan Bender                                                                   8
  11. The Pentagon now has a task force searching for UFOs — 8/14                               9
      Task & Purpose I Paul Szoldra and Jeff Schogol                                            9
  12. Do UFOs Exist? Now the Pentagon Wants to Know — 8/14                                     11
      U.S. News and World Report I Paul D. Shinkman                                            11
  13. Pentagon announces UFO task force — 8/14                                                 11
      Washington Examiner I Jerry Dunleavy                                                     11

                                                    ******

1. Pentagon to set up new unit to investigate UFOs — 8/15
Agence France-Presse I Not Attributed

The Pentagon said Friday it was setting up a new task force under the US Navy to investigate UFO sightings.

With the creation of the Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force (UAPTF), the Defense Department hopes
"to improve its understanding of, and gain insight into, the nature and origins of UAPs," spokeswoman Susan
Gough said in a statement.

Rather than little green alien invaders, the US military is actually concerned about "unidentified aerial
phenomena" connected with its terrestrial adversaries.

Washington is particularly concerned about China's spying capabilities, using drones or other airborne means.

"The mission of the task force is to detect, analyze and catalog UAPs that could potentially pose a threat to US
national security," Gough said.


                                                      -1-                                    OSD Public Affairs
The Pentagon take "any incursions by unauthorized aircraft into our training ranges or designated airspace very
seriously and examine each report," she said.

"This includes examinations of incursions that are initially reported as UAP when the observer cannot
immediately identify what he or she is observing."

Deputy Defense Secretary David Norquist approved the establishment of the new task force on August 4.

The US Senate intelligence committee in June said it wanted to regulate a Pentagon UFO program, confirming
the existence of an informal working group which was revealed by the New York Times in 2017.

In December 2017, the Pentagon acknowledged funding the secret multi-million-dollar program to investigate
sightings of UFOs, although it said it had ended in 2012.

The announcement of a new task force comes after the Pentagon in April officially released three videos taken
by US Navy pilots showing mid-air encounters with what appear to be UFOs.

The grainy black and white footage had previously been leaked and the Navy had acknowledged they were Navy
videos.

One of the videos was shot in November 2004 and the other two in January 2015.

In one, the weapons-sensor operator appears to lose lock on a rapidly moving oblong object which seconds later
suddenly accelerates away to the left and out of view.

In another video tracking an object above the clouds, one pilot wonders if it is a drone.

2. Fox News 8/15/2020 6:47:45 PM

Anchor: Time now for a story that is out of this world - Pentagon establishing a task force to study UFOs. Our
government now calls them unidentified aerial phenomenon. Mark Meredith has the story.

Mark Meredith: The Pentagon says this new task force will essentially be investigating UFO sightings by military
pilots and personnel officials are calling it the unidentified aerial phenomenon task force. The deputy secretary
of defense approved the creation of the group last week. And while we don't know how many people or resources
will be involved, we do know what officials will be looking for. The Pentagon says in a statement the mission of
the task force is to detect, analysis and catalog UAP that could pose a threat to U.S. national security. Now back
in April the Pentagon released three videos taken by Navy from years earlier that appears to show some
unidentified flying objects near military aircraft. The videos went viral instantly. A portion of them had already
leaked out to the media before the government released them but they also showed how stunned pilots were
onboard as they try to determine what in the world or universe they were looking at...

Earlier a Senate intelligence committee made it clear it hopes that government could compile data on potential
unidentified threats. Former Senate majority leader Harry Reid who has also pushed in the past for government
investigations into the UFOs tweeted, "this task force is a step in the right direction," he says, "I'm glad to see
that defense department recognizing the importance of looking in to unidentified phenomenon." The Pentagon
insists this task force is serious and it is also about safety as the military would want to know as much information
as they can about any object that might be flying within military air space.

3. US defense department creates taskforce to investigate UFOs — 8/15
Task force to detect and anlyze unidentified aerial phenomena that could 'potentially pose a threat' to
national security, Pentagon said
The Guardian (U.K.) I Guardian Staff

                                                         -2-                                     OSD Public Affairs
The US department of Defense has formed a new body to investigate what it calls "unidentified aerial
phenomena" (UAPs) following reported sightings of what most people call UFOs.

The move is likely to spark wide interest in alien hunters worldwide looking for signs that humanity is not alone
in the universe. Although the dry language of the Pentagon's announcement of the new group belied its intent
as watchers of the sky for potential first contact.

The Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force (UAPTF) was created by the deputy defense secretary, David
Norquist, on 4 August, strengthening an already existing effort that since 2018 has been under the purview of
the Office of Naval Intelligence.

"The Department of Defense established the UAPTF to improve its understanding of, and gain insight into, the
nature and origins of UAPs. The mission of the task force is to detect, analyze and catalog UAPs that could
potentially pose a threat to US national security," the Pentagon said in a statement.

The move is only the latest from the Pentagon when it comes to UFOs.

The Senate recently required the director of national intelligence and secretary of defense, working with other
intelligence and law enforcement agencies, to prepare a public report of government findings on the UAP issue.

In April the US also released three declassified videos that show US navy pilots encountering what appear to be
unidentified flying objects. The Pentagon said it released the footage to to clear up any misconceptions by the
public on whether or not the footage that has been circulating was real or whether or not there is more to the
video.

4. Pentagon forming UFO task force after Donald Trump told Fox host he'd look into it — 8/15
Defence Department previously released footage of US aircraft encountering unidentified flying objects
South China Morning Post (Hong Kong) I Not Attributed

A week after President Donald Trump told Fox Business host Lou Dobbs that he would follow the conspiracy
theory-peddling host's lead on investigating UFOs, CNN is reporting that the Pentagon is forming a UFO task
force.

According to that report, the task force is being headed by Deputy Secretary of Defence David Norquist and will
be announced soon. Other entities with sway in Washington — arguably more so than Dobbs — have recently
pushed for the nation's intelligence apparatus to address the topic as well.

The president appeared on Dobbs' programme on August 4 for a chat where the host derided "The Deep State"
then asked Trump about unidentified flying objects.

"Actually a lot of my friends are very concerned about what the federal government is doing when it comes to
UFOs," Dobbs said. "So if I could just ask you, are we going to commit, are you going to commit more resources
to exploring UFOs and open the documents to the public?"

"Well, I think probably in this country, you are the UFO expert, so I'm going to be totally guided by the great Lou
Dobbs and I will tell you that I will do whatever you ask me to do, including total transparency," the president
answered.

In June, the Senate Intelligence Committee asked the Pentagon to take a look at recent videos of US aircraft
having run-ins with foreign objects, then tell the public what is going on.

Committee Chairman Marco Rubio told WFOR-TV last month that knowing what is in the sky where US military
exercises are taking place is a good idea.

                                                        -3-                                    OSD Public Affairs
"Frankly, if it's something from outside this planet, that might actually be better than the fact that we've seen
some sort of technological leap on behalf of the Chinese or the Russians or some other adversary," the
Republican senator said.

Former Democratic senator Harry Reid praised the Pentagon in April for releasing aerial video footage that
helped pique curiosity about "unidentified aerial phenomena" observed by the US Navy.
"I'm glad the Pentagon is finally releasing this footage, but it only scratches the surface of research and materials
available;" the retired Nevada lawmaker tweeted. "The US needs to take a serious, scientific look at this and any
potential national security implications. The American people deserve to be informed."
The Pentagon has not commented on the alleged formation of a UFO task force.

5. Navy-led task force will detect, analyze and track 'unidentified aerial phenomena' - 8/15
Stars & Stripes I Aaron Kidd

The Navy will lead a new task force charged with detecting, analyzing and cataloging encounters with what used
to be called UFOs that could threaten the United States, the Pentagon announced in a statement Friday.

The Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force, approved Aug. 4 by Deputy Secretary of Defense David
Norquist, was established so the Department of Defense can improve its "understanding of, and gain insight into,
the nature and origins" of mysterious flying objects, the statement said.

The Department of the Navy will head up the task force and report to the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense
for Intelligence and Security.

The announcement comes about two months after the Senate Intelligence Committee voted to require the
Defense Department and intelligence agencies to compile an unclassified analysis of data on "unidentified aerial
phenomena" that includes several unexplained encounters recorded by Navy pilots over the years.

In April, the Pentagon declassified and released three video clips that had been unofficially circulating "to clear
up any misconceptions by the public on whether or not the footage ... was real, or whether or not there is more
to the videos."

The To The Stars Academy of Arts and Science group, which had released one of the clips, said the unidentified
aircraft "demonstrate flight characteristics of advanced technologies unlike anything we currently know,
understand, or can duplicate with current technologies."

The Pentagon, in its statement Friday, said its primary concerns are the safety of personnel and the security of
its operations.

"The Department of Defense and the military departments take any incursions by unauthorized aircraft into our
training ranges or designated airspace very seriously and examine each report," the statement said. "This
includes examinations of incursions that are initially reported as [unidentified aerial phenomena] when the
observer cannot immediately identify what he or she is observing."

6. The Pentagon Made A Unit To Investigate UFOs And It's Not Keeping It Secret Anymore — 8/14
A program investigating UFOs already existed for years under the Navy, but the Department of Defense
publicly acknowledged the program Friday in a press release
Buzzfeed News I Salvador Hernandez

The Department of Defense announced Friday they had officially — and publicly — created a unit tasked
specifically with investigating "Unidentified Aerial Phenomena," or as you, I, and everyone else would call them,
UFOs.


                                                         -4-                                     OSD Public Affairs
Named the Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force, or UAPTF, the unit will "improve [the Department of
Defense's] understanding of, and gain insight into, the nature and origins of UAPs."

"The mission of the task force is to detect, analyze and catalog UAPs that could potentially pose a threat to U.S.
national security," the Department of Defense said in a statement Friday evening.

Now, it's true that the existence of UAPs, or UFOs, doesn't necessarily mean the aircraft are spaceships from
another planet piloted by little green aliens quietly and secretly observing Earth.

This task force is geared more toward possible violations of air space from another country, rather than looking
for intergalactic encounters.

"The Department of Defense and the military departments take any incursions by unauthorized aircraft into our
training ranges or designated airspace very seriously and examine each report," the announcement reads. "This
includes examinations of incursions that are initially reported as UAP when the observer cannot immediately
identify what he or she is observing."

But 2020 has been something of a year for the Pentagon and UFOs.

Friday's announcement comes just a few months after the Department of Defense released and declassified
three videos of Navy pilots encountering UAPs in 2004 and 2015.

The New York Times interviewed the pilots who encountered the objects, describing them as oblong-shaped
and accelerating, "like nothing I've ever seen."

Despite the Pentagon's announcement Friday, the military has for years monitored unidentified aircraft and
collected video of its pilots encountering the aircraft.

The New York Times in Dec. 2017 reported on the existence of the Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification
Program, which had the same task.

The Times reported that funding for the program had stopped and it was ended in 2012, but in July it reported
the program had continued under the Office of Naval Intelligence, where it was named the Unidentified Aerial
Phenomenon Task Force.

President Trump has himself expressed interest in the possibility of extraterrestrial life. Talking to his son, Donald
Trump Jr. in a video produced by his campaign in June, the president was asked whether, "before you leave
office, will you let us know if there's aliens?"

"I want to know what's going on," Trump Jr. asked. "Would you ever open up Roswell and let us know what's
going on there?"

The president's son was likely referring to what is popularly known as Area 51, a classified military base in
Nevada. The base has long been the center of UFO conspiracies, including the theory that a UFO crashed in
Roswell, New Mexico, in 1947 and that the spacecraft, and its supposed occupants, were taken to Area 51 to
be studied.

"I won't talk to you about what I know about it but it's very interesting," Trump told Trump Jr. "But Roswell is a
very interesting place with a lot of people that would like to know what's going on."

Roswell itself is a city in Chaves County, New Mexico, which is, of course, open to the public.

The Department of Defense's announcement about UAPTF makes no mention about any part of its mission
having to do with extraterrestrial beings or spacecraft because of course it wouldn't.
                                                         -5-                                      OSD Public Affairs
7. CNBC 8/14/2020 5:20:45 AM

Anchor: The Pentagon is unveiling a task force to investigate reports of UFO sightings by U.S. service members.
This comes several months after the Pentagon released three unclassified videos taken by Navy pilots that show
interactions with, quote, unidentified aerial phenomenon. As if a global pandemic isn't enough now we have
aliens to worry about...

*Similar clips aired on ABC's World News Tonight, ABC's Good Morning America, WTOP, WUSA and multiple
local television and radio stations in New York, Washington and several other major cities.


8. Pentagon launches task force to study UFO sightings — 8/14
The Hill I Tal Axelrod

The Pentagon announced Friday that it is launching a task force to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs) after
reports of sightings from service members.

The Pentagon said in a statement that Deputy Defense Secretary David Norquist approved the establishment of
an Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force (UAPTF), which will fall under the Navy.

"The Department of Defense established the UAPTF to improve its understanding of, and gain insight into, the
nature and origins of UAPs," the Pentagon said. "The mission of the task force is to detect, analyze and catalog
UAPs that could potentially pose a threat to U.S. national security."

"The Department of Defense and the military departments take any incursions by unauthorized aircraft into our
training ranges or designated airspace very seriously and examine each report. This includes examinations of
incursions that are initially reported as UAP when the observer cannot immediately identify what he or she is
observing," the Pentagon added.

The agency first confirmed that it operated a program working to identify UFOs in 2017.

The task force's formation follows the release of videos from the Department of Defense of encounters between
U.S. pilots and UFOs in April, noting that explanations for the flying objects or aircraft remain unclear.

Bipartisan lawmakers have long pushed for the creation of a body to study UFOs, with former Sen. Harry Reid
(D-Nev.) emerging as a chief proponent.

"The U.S. needs to take a serious, scientific look at this and any potential national security implications. The
American people deserve to be informed," he tweeted in April after the footage of the UFOs was released.

9. Pentagon creates UFO task force to see if aerial objects pose threat — 8/14
Military Times I Howard Altman and J.D. Simkins

The concern is out there.

Pentagon officials on Friday confirmed the existence of a Navy-led "Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force"
that will monitor ongoing encounters with strange aerial objects and determine whether these phenomena should
be perceived as a threat.

Approved on Aug. 4 by Deputy Secretary of Defense David L. Norquist, the task force was officially launched "to
improve its understanding of, and gain insight into, the nature and origins of UAPs," according to a Friday evening
news release. "The mission of the task force is to detect, analyze and catalog UAPs that could potentially pose
a threat to U.S. national security."
                                                        -6-                                    OSD Public Affairs
Pentagon officials did not immediately respond to questions about the timing of this announcement, what sparked
it, or whether the UAP designation pertains directly to alien spacecraft.

"The Department of Defense and the military departments take any incursions by unauthorized aircraft into our
training ranges or designated airspace very seriously and examine each report," the release states. "This
includes examinations of incursions that are initially reported as UAP when the observer cannot immediately
identify what he or she is observing."

According to CNN, which first reported the launch of the UAP task force, members of Congress and Pentagon
officials have long expressed concern regarding the appearance unidentified aircraft in the vicinity of military
installations.

A consensus remains elusive, however, with some believing the sightings are intelligence-gathering drones
operated by earthly adversaries rather than anything extraterrestrial.

Amid uncertainty the Senate Intelligence Committee voted in June to have Pentagon and intelligence personnel
provide analysis of the encounters, a move spurred on by the official Pentagon release of three short videos
showing encounters between U.S. aircraft and unidentified flying objects.

The videos — two stemmed from encounters in January 2015, while the third dates back to November 2004 —
were released "in order to clear up any misconceptions by the public on whether or not the footage that has been
circulating was real, or whether or not there is more to the videos," Pentagon spokesperson Sue Gough said at
the time.

After circulating online for years, the now-declassified videos capture the bewildered reactions of Navy pilots as
they were witnessing the inexplicable flight behaviors of up close and personal UFOs.

Defense Department officials claim they initially withheld the release of the footage partially to ensure nothing in
the video required ongoing classification. All three are currently posted on the official Naval Air Systems
Command page.

"After a thorough review, the department has determined that the authorized release of these unclassified videos
does not reveal any sensitive capabilities or systems, and does not impinge on any subsequent investigations
of military air space incursions by unidentified aerial phenomena," Gough added.

The 2004 encounter, which The New York Times documented in 2017, took place over the Pacific Ocean
approximately 100 miles off the coast. Pilots were responding to an aerial assistance request from a Navy cruiser
after the vessel reported a series of unidentified aircraft sightings.

"It accelerated like nothing I've ever seen," one pilot told the NYT about the encounter.

Multiple air crew members described the object, which hovered at a low altitude over the water before speeding
away, as oblong-shaped and about 40 feet in length, the report said.

Following the encounter the pilots departed for the vicinity of the cruiser, a location approximately 60 miles away.
But briefly into the return trip, with about 40 miles remaining before the jets reached the cruiser, the ship radioed
the pilots to say the UFO had already reappeared.

One of the pilots told the NYT he believed the object traversed the 60 miles "in less than a minute."

In one of the videos from 2015, one pilot described encountering "a fleet of high-speed objects that, at one point,
appeared to rotate in a static position.

                                                         -7-                                     OSD Public Affairs
"Look at that thing, dude!" one pilot says in the video. "It's rotating!"

"Dude, this is a f---ing drone, bro," another crew member says.

While speculation has long been rife about whether Earth-bound aliens will bring "klaatu barada nikto"
sentiments, the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee said he is more concerned about whether the
operators of these objects speak the language of a near-peer enemy.

"We have things flying over our military bases and places where we are conducting military exercises, and we
don't know what it is and it isn't ours, so that's a legitimate question to ask," Sen. Marco Rubio told Miami's
WFOR-TV.

"Frankly, if it's something from outside this planet, that might actually be better than the fact that we've seen
some sort of technological leap on behalf of the Chinese or the Russians or some other adversary."

--Observation Post articles reflect author observations. Any resemblance to news may be purely coincidental.

10. Pentagon establishes new task force to investigate UFOs — 8/14
The Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force elevates research in recent years by the Navy into
unexplained encounters with high-performance craft.
Politico I Bryan Bender

The Pentagon, under growing pressure from Congress, said Friday it has established a new high-level body to
investigate reports of "unidentified aerial phenomena" following multiple incidents in recent years of UFOs
reportedly intruding into military airspace.

The Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force was created by Deputy Defense Secretary David Norquist on
Aug. 4, elevating an effort that since 2018 has been under the purview of the Office of Naval Intelligence, officials
said.

"The Department of Defense established the UAPTF to improve its understanding of, and gain insight into, the
nature and origins of UAPs," Pentagon spokesperson Susan Gough said in a statement. "The mission of the
task force is to detect, analyze and catalog UAPs that could potentially pose a threat to U.S. national security."

The new high-level attention was heralded by Lue Elizondo, who was involved in a previous Pentagon UFO
research program known as the Advanced Aerospace Threat Intelligence Program, or AATIP, that was wound
down in 2012.

Elizondo resigned in 2017 in part over frustration that senior Pentagon officials were not taking seriously enough
a series of unexplained encounters, including those experienced by pilots flying off the aircraft carriers USS
Nimitz and Theodore Roosevelt in 2004 and 2015 who reported unknown aircraft maneuvering in ways that
appeared to defy aerodynamics.

"This is precisely the intended result of what we were trying to achieve under AATIP," Elizondo told POLITICO
following the announcement.

POLITICO, along with the New York Times, first reported on the existence of AATIP and the Nimitz incident in
2017.

The Navy last year said it was updating its reporting guidelines for such sightings to more comprehensively
collect new data. And earlier this year it officially made public three videos of the Nimitz and Roosevelt incidents.


                                                           -8-                                   OSD Public Affairs
The Pentagon announcement on Friday also comes several weeks after the Senate's version of the Intelligence
Authorization Act required the director of national intelligence and secretary of defense, working with a variety of
intelligence and law enforcement agencies, to prepare a public report of government findings on the UAP issue.

"We have things flying over our military bases and places where we are conducting military exercises, and we
don't know what it is and it isn't ours, so that's a legitimate question to ask," Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla), acting
chair of the intelligence panel, told WFOR-TV in Miami last month.

"Frankly, if it's something from outside this planet, that might actually be better than the fact that we've seen
some sort of technological leap on behalf of the Chinese or the Russians or some other adversary," he added.

Rubio's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

On Friday, Elizondo told POLITICO he believes the combination of a steady stream of new UAP reports in recent
months and the pressure from Congress has compelled military leadership to be more aggressive about an issue
that historically has carried a significant stigma but is now far more mainstream.

"They can't ignore it anymore," Elizondo said. "They are looking like they are hiding something from the American
people. Not taking this more seriously is now a liability."

The plans for the new task force were first reported by CNN on Thursday.

Gough, the Pentagon spokesperson, said Friday she could not provide specifics on how many personnel or from
which agencies have been assigned to the new operation.

But she explained it is an outgrowth of research efforts undertaken by the Navy's intelligence arm and that the
service will continue to play a leading role.

"The Department of the Navy, under the cognizance of the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for
Intelligence and Security, will lead the UAPTF," her statement said.

In a followup email, she added that "since the majority of recent reporting about UAP observations have come
from naval aviators, since approximately 2018 the Department of the Navy has been leading assessments of
UAP incursion into [Department of Defense] training ranges and designated airspace."

"Over the last year, DoD undertook efforts to formalize the good work done by the Navy for DoD," she added.
"Deputy Secretary Norquist approved the establishment of the UAPTF on Aug. 4, 2020."

In the official announcement Friday, Gough also explained that "the safety of our personnel and the security of
our operations are of paramount concern."

"The Department of Defense and the military departments take any incursions by unauthorized aircraft into our
training ranges or designated airspace very seriously and examine each report," the statement added. "This
includes examinations of incursions that are initially reported as UAP when the observer cannot immediately
identify what he or she is observing."

11. The Pentagon now has a task force searching for UFOs — 8/14
Task & Purpose I Paul Szoldra and Jeff Schogol

The Pentagon is on the lookout for pilots in the Alien Air Force.

David Norquist, deputy secretary of defense, has officially established the Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task
Force, which will focus on learning more about the nature and origin of what officials are calling UAP (as opposed
to the more familiar UFO).
                                                        -9-                                     OSD Public Affairs
"The mission of the task force is to detect, analyze and catalog UAPs that could potentially pose a threat to U.S.
national security," Pentagon spokeswoman Sue Gough said in a statement. The new office will be led by the
Navy's office of the undersecretary of defense for intelligence and security.

Sorry, Space Force.

"The safety of our personnel and the security of our operations are of paramount concern," Gough said. "The
Department of Defense and the military departments take any incursions by unauthorized aircraft into our training
ranges or designated airspace very seriously and examine each report. This includes examinations of incursions
that are initially reported as UAP when the observer cannot immediately identify what he or she is observing.

The Pentagon in April publicly released unclassified videos showing the so-called unidentified aerial phenomena,
confirming three separate encounters between UFOs and American aircraft that took place in 2004 and 2015.

"DOD is releasing the videos in order to clear up any misconceptions by the public on whether or not the footage
that has been circulating was real, or whether or not there is more to the videos," Gough said at the time. "The
aerial phenomena observed in the videos remain characterized as 'unidentified.-

Bryan Bender of Politico and Helene Cooper of The New York Times reported last year that Navy pilots had
reported seeing unidentified aircraft flying near U.S. warships in 2014 and 2015. These seemingly otherworldly
flying machines had no visible engine exhaust, yet they could reach altitudes of 30,000 feet and remain on station
for 12 hours.

The Defense Intelligence Agency looked into unidentified aircraft from 2008 until 2012 under the Advanced
Aerospace Threat Identification Program, which was meant to see if U.S. adversaries had developed advanced
technology.

Ultimately, the program was ended after a 2009 review found it was not producing data of value. Retired Sen.
Harry Reid (D-Nev.) was responsible for most of the program's funding.

"I'm glad the Pentagon is finally releasing this footage, which further illustrates the need to study this
phenomena," Reid told Task & Purpose in April. "This only scratches the surface of the research and materials
available and in need of release. The United States should be taking a serious, scientific look at this and any
potential national security implications. The American people deserve to be informed."

The creation of the task force represents a growing concern among the Pentagon and some lawmakers that
China and Russia have developed technologically advanced aircraft that are for more advanced than previously
thought.

That is why the fiscal 2021 Intelligence Authorization Act includes a provision requiring the Director of National
Intelligence and defense secretary to provide lawmakers with an unclassified report about whether unidentified
aircraft that Navy pilots have reported seeing "indicate a potential adversary may have achieved breakthrough
aerospace capabilities that could put United States strategic or conventional forces at risk."

The Defense Department has been particularly envious of China's advances in hypersonic technology, which
the U.S. military initially decided not to weaponize years ago. Defense officials have accused China of stealing
the U.S. military's data on hypersonics to develop their own program.

President Donald Trump has boasted that the U.S. military is now developing a "super-duper missile" that can
fly at 17 times the speed of sound.

Still, many UFO enthusiasts have expressed hope that the Pentagon's new willingness to talk about unidentified
aircraft is the first step toward the U.S. government revealing what it knows about alien visitations to Earth.
                                                      -10-                                    OSD Public Affairs
Task & Purpose asked Pentagon spokesman Jonathan Hoffman on Feb. 19 if the Defense Department had any
evidence that aliens had visited this planet.

"I have nothing for you on that today," Hoffman replied.

Still, the Pentagon's recent revelations about UFOs have arguably been the least weird part about 2020 and
thus far have failed to make much of a dent in the news cycle.

That is just a sign of the times, "X-Files" creator Chris Carter later told Task & Purpose in May.

"We are living in a tabloid culture, so the UFO story feels like more tabloid news when it should be front-page
news," Cartier said.

12. Do UFOs Exist? Now the Pentagon Wants to Know — 8/14
The Defense Department quietly confirmed the existence of the Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task
Force late Friday following widespread rumors.
U.S. News and World Report I Paul D. Shinkman

The Pentagon on Friday confirmed the creation of an agency designed to track potential UFOs.

Known formally as the Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force, or UAPTF, the office established Aug. 4 will
operate within the purview of the undersecretary of defense for intelligence and security.

"The Department of Defense established the UAPTF to improve its understanding of, and gain insight into, the
nature and origins of UAPs," the Pentagon said in a statement released late Friday. "The mission of the task
force is to detect, analyze and catalog UAPs that could potentially pose a threat to U.S. national security."

The office will also track incursions of unauthorized aircraft into training ranges or otherwise restricted airspace,
including those when the person who reports the aircraft cannot immediately identify it.

Rumors circulated last month about the existence of the office. Senate committee reports indicated a similar
office was examining potential UFOs through the U.S. Office of Naval Intelligence.

An agency known as the Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program was disbanded in 2012, five years
before its existence was revealed by The New York Times.

The Pentagon on Friday did not immediately say what prompted the reestablishment of the office.

13. Pentagon announces UFO task force — 8/14
Washington Examiner I Jerry Dunleavy

The truth is out there — and the Pentagon just took a big step toward finding it with the establishment of a UFO
task force.

The Defense Department announced on Friday evening that Deputy Secretary of Defense David Norquist
approved the creation of an Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force on Aug. 4, and the government group
will be led by the Navy under the "cognizance" of the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence
and Security.

"The Department of Defense established the UAPTF to improve its understanding of, and gain insight into, the
nature and origins of UAPs. The mission of the task force is to detect, analyze and catalog UAPs that could
potentially pose a threat to U.S. national security," the Pentagon said in a short statement. "As DOD has stated
previously, the safety of our personnel and the security of our operations are of paramount concern. The
                                                        -11-                                     OSD Public Affairs
Department of Defense and the military departments take any incursions by unauthorized aircraft into our training
ranges or designated airspace very seriously and examine each report. This includes examinations of incursions
that are initially reported as UAP when the observer cannot immediately identify what he or she is observing."

Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida is pushing legislation that would require the Office of the Director of National
Intelligence, which oversees the intelligence community's 17 intelligence agencies, to work with the Pentagon
and other relevant agencies to produce a detailed report outlining what the U.S. government knows about UFOs,
including their origin, frequency, and potential threat to U.S. national security. In late June, the Senate
Intelligence Committee, led by Rubio, approved the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021, which
was approved by the Senate as part of the National Defense Authorization Act. A section of the proposed bill
deals with UFOs and calls for answers within 180 days of the law's passage.

"The Committee directs the DNI, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the heads of such other
agencies as the Director and Secretary jointly consider relevant, to submit a report within 180 days of the date
of enactment of the Act, to the congressional intelligence and armed services committees on unidentified aerial
phenomena (also known as 'anomalous aerial vehicles'), including observed airborne objects that have not been
identified," the bill states, adding, "the report shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified
annex."

The report that the proposed law would direct the intelligence community and the Pentagon to produce would
cover a host of UFO-related topics, including: a "detailed analysis of unidentified aerial phenomena data and
intelligence reporting collected or held by the Office of Naval Intelligence, including data and intelligence
reporting held by the Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force"; a "detailed analysis" of UFO data collected by
geospatial, signals, human, and other intelligence; and a "detailed analysis" of data the FBI might have that "was
derived from investigations of intrusions of unidentified aerial phenomena data over restricted United States
airspace."

This proposed intelligence analysis would also include the "identification of potential aerospace or other threats
posed by the unidentified aerial phenomena to national security" and whether any of the UFO activities "may be
attributed to one or more foreign adversaries" as well as the "identification of any incidents or patterns that
indicate a potential adversary may have achieved breakthrough aerospace capabilities that could put United
States strategic or conventional forces at risk."

Earlier this year, videos from the Navy were released through the Freedom of Information Act that showed UFOs
moving at incredible speeds and performing seemingly impossible aerial maneuvers. One of the videos was shot
in November 2004; the other two were shot in January 2015. The three videos were code-named "FLIR1,"
"Gimbal," and "GoFast." In the 2015 videos, Navy pilots can be heard expressing disbelief.

All three UFO videos were captured by Navy F/A-18 Super Hornets.

The videos were made public and published because of efforts by the New York Times, as well as through efforts
by To The Stars Academy, which was founded by Tom Delonge, the founder and lead vocalist for the bands
Blink-182 and Angels & Airwaves.

Last year, Joseph Gradisher, spokesman for the deputy chief of naval operations for information warfare, told
the Black Vault blog that "the Navy designates the objects contained in these videos as unidentified aerial
phenomena."

Rubio was asked in July by CBS4 News in Miami about UFOs and whether he thinks humans are alone in the
universe.

"I don't have a gut feeling about it because it's a phenomenon," Rubio said. "It's unexplained. I just want to know
what it is, and if we can't determine what it is, then that's a fact point that we need to take into account. I wouldn't
venture to speculate beyond that."
                                                         -12-                                      OSD Public Affairs
-13-   OSD Public Affairs
From:                               Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
Sent:                               Thursday, June 13, 2019 2:07 PM
To:                                 Carranza, Guillermo R SES OSD OGC (USA); (6)(6)                    CIV USN DCNO N2N6
                                    (US); Tipton, Neill T SES OSD OUSD INTEL (USA); (b)(6)           CIV OSD OUSD INTEL
                                    (US); Garrity, John F III SES OSD OUSD INTEL (USA); Reid, Garry P SES OSD OUSD INTEL
                                                            CIV (US)
Cc:                                (b)(6)           CIV OSD OUSD INTEL (USA); (W(6)                     CIV USN DCNO N2N6
                                    (USA); (b)(6)                     CIV (USA), Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN ONI
                                    WASHINGTON DC (USA); (b)(6)               USN CHINFO WASHINGTON DC (USA);
                                  (b)(6)
                                                               USN CHINFO WASHINGTON DC (USA); (b)(6)                  USN
                                    CHINFO WASHINGTON DC (USA)
Subject:                            RE: Draft Final DoD Statement on Luis Elizondo -- V2
Attachments:                        DoD Statement on Luis Elizondo and His Role in AATIP vldocx
Signed By:                        (b)(6)


Categories:                        Green Category


I'm good with Navy's change. (b)(6),
                               jf-OCII in
                                          , DIA, also had a change (see attached for what I worked out with him, still in
tracked changes). Neill and Gary were on my distribution for vi and v2; I haven't heard back from Neill on either. Garry
replied back on vi, but I haven't heard today on v2. (b)(5)
(b)(6)     ; other input I incorporated, or at least the spirit of it, as I had multiple different inputs to the same couple
sentences.

Regards,
Sue
(b)(6)
                          CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)

                                  (b)(6)
 From:
 Sent:                             Wednesday, July 17, 2019 5:44 PM
 To:                               Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
 Subject:                          [Non-DoD Source) Re: NETWORK TV INVESTIGATIVE PRODUCER WOULD LIKE TO TALK


 Dear Susan,

 I have left you a few voicemails following up my email (below) and our conversation from several days ago.

 Just to reiterate, I'm working under an increasingly tight deadline now for informing the Network television executives
 I'm presenting research to in New York, and I would greatly appreciate it if you could give me some answers to the
 specific questions I previously raised concerning the provenance - and other aspects - of three (3) videos Mr. Elizondo
 claims are U.S. Navy videos from the 2004 Nimitz Carrier Group exercises near San Diego and 2015 Roosevelt Carrier
 Group exercises off the East Coast.


 Would it be possible to talk tomorrow?

 Thanks for your kind consideration on this matter.

 Best Regards,

(b)(6)


 -- Original Message--
 From !(b)(6)
 To: (b)(6)
 Sent: Mon, Jul 8, 2019 9:57 am
 Subject: Fwd: NETWORK TV INVESTIGATIVE PRODUCER WOULD LIKE TO TALK


     Original Message
 From: (b)(6)
 To: (b)(6)
 Sent: Wed, Jul 3, 2019 4:34 pm
 Subject: NETWORK TV INVESTIGATIVE PRODUCER WOULD LIKE TO TALK


 Dear Susan,

 My name is (b)(6)      , and I'm a Network TV investigative producer whose Prime Time programs have been featured

 on the FOX Network (FOX Broadcasting Company - not Fox News), NBC, USA, Discovery and other outlets.
(b)(6)                                  a new documentary TV series concerning the original December 2017 New York Times story
                                         p news reports) which delved into the alleged "secret Pentagon UFO program" known as the
 Advanced Aerospace Threat 'den 07)(6)                               or AATIP.


 Despite countless news stories - and even a recent History Channel "reality" show - reporting that Mr. Luis Elizondo ran
 AATIP, it now seems you have categorically denied Mr. Elizondo ran AATIP or had any significant oversight role.

 According to John Greenwald, Jr. (theblackvault.com), you stated recently:


 "I can confirm that the memo you're referring to is authentic... It makes no change to previous statements. Mr. Elizondo
 had no assigned responsibilities for AATIP while he was in OUSD(I) (the Office of Under Secretary of Defense for
Intelligence]."


 Additionally, Mr. Greenwald has quoted a Pentagon source as saying:


 "Mr. Elizondo had no responsibilities with regard to the AATIP program while he worked in OUSDI, up until the time he
 resigned effective 10/4/2017."


  Thus, it now seems clear that Mr. Elizondo has either fabricated or significantly misrepresented his involvement in
  AATIP. Also, the "memo" you had referred to, written by former Senator Harry Reid (partially attached here), which
  was first publicized in 2018 by a Las Vegas reporter closely tied to Reid, had Elizondo's name redacted, along with Dr. Hal
 (b)(6)     a scientist who an unredacted version of the same document released this year (see attachment) indicates was
(b)(6)              ted personnel funded under AATIP" and worked ostensibly for billionaire Robert Bigelow's private
                            w Aerospace Advanced Space Studies, or BAASS.


 Since most of the news coverage - and the History show - centers on three (3) videos Elizondo and Puthoff have widely
 asserted were released by the Department of Defense (DOD) and show actual encounters U.S. Navy pilots had with
 unkni (b)(6)                    .ercises in 2004 and 2015, could you please answer the following questions.
        (b)(6)


 1.      Are you aware of the specific videos Elizondo (and Puthoff) provided to the New York Times claiming they were
 released from the Department of Defense to the entertainment company To The Stars Academy (ISA)?
 2.      Did the Department of Defense release these videos to Elizondo (and Puthoff) who are now working with, or for,
 -USA?
 3.              Where, when, and by whom were these videos created?
 4.              If a thermal imaging sensor was used to record these videos, what was the make and model?
 5.              If an aircraft was used to carry the sensor used to record these videos, what was the make and model?
             (b)(6)
        (b)(6)
 I VL    U       (IRC IA/   CJIJCLI. I urvy I CHLSC71.  phone call to go over all I have discussed here on Friday, July 5th,
                                                         ..11CUUIC


 since your office indicated you might be available then. I'm working under a tight deadline for informing the television
 executives I'm currently presenting my research to, and it would be great to have spoken with you by early next week,
 the latest, if at all possible.


 Thank you for your kind consideration.
                      (b)(6)
 Best Regar s,

                                                                             2
.(


     Mobile


              3
(b)(6)
                           CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
                                  (b)(6)
 From:                                          CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
 Sent:                             Monday, July 22, 2019 8:41 PM
 To:                               OSD Pentagon PA Mailbox Duty Officer Press Operations
 Cc:                               OSD Pentagon PA List DPO ATL; OSD Pentagon PA List DPO PR; Gough, Susan L (Sue)
                                   CiV OSD PA (USA)
 Subject:                          Re: [Non-DoD Source] Statement - CBS News


 + Sue

            d Sue,

 Is this the UFO guy?

 V/r,
(b)(6)


 Sent from my iPhone

 On Jul 22, 2019, at 6:22 PM, OSD Pentagon PA Mailbox Duty Officer Press Operations
(b)(6)
                                wrote:

          AT&L Team,

          Is this you, or OGC?

          Vit.
         (b)(6)


          From: (b)(6)
          Sent: Monday, July I1, 1019 bad PM
          To: OSD Pentagon PA Mailbox Duty Officer Press Operations (b)(6)
          Subject: (Non-DOD Source] Statement - CBS News

          Hello,

          I was trying to reach Charles Summers or someone in the Office of Secretary of Defense.

          I understand that the OSD would like to clarify the situation involving Luis Elizondo, the AATIP
          project and the three videos released by the NY Times. As you're likely aware, various
          Pentagon spokespeople have given contradictory statements.

          Luis Elizondo is employed by TTSA. Last month, they added Christopher Mizer to their Board
          of Directors and granted him 300,000 shares with a nominal value of $1.5 million.

          Mr. Mizer has an exceptional history of promoting penny stock scams. He was involved in IFAN
          which used misrepresentations to inflate the stock to a market valuation of $70 million with zero
          assets. He worked on (FAN with Thomas Hughes who was previously sentenced to 8-years in
          federal prison for securities fraud using the same patents as IFAN.
                                                           1
The SEC is now investigating TTSA. It is clear that Mr. Elizondo's representations regarding
AATIP are being used for stock fraud regardless of the accuracy of his claims.

Please let me know who I can contact to send my questions. This investigation is being prepared
for CBS News.

I appreciate the consideration and assistance.

Best,
(b)(6)


(b)(6)


                                                 2
b)(6)
                           CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)

 From:                               Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
 Sent:                               Wednesday, August 7, 2019 3:48 PM
                                   (b)(6)
 To:                                                     CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); :b)(6)                  CIV USN DCNO
                                     N2N6 (USA); Tipton, Neill T SES OSD OUSD INTEL (USA);                    IV (US);
                                     Carranza, Guillermo R SES OSD OGC (USA); (b)(6)                         IV WHS ESD
                                     (USA); (b)(6)                 OSD OUSD INTEL (USA);                        TR OSD
                                     OUSD INTEL (USA)
                                    (b)(6)                     CIV OSD PA (USA)
 Subject:                           CBS News Questions on AATIP & Elizondo
 Signed By:                         (b)(6)


 Importance:                         High

 Follow Up Flag:                     Follow up
 Flag Status:                        Flagged

 Categories:                        Green Category


                                                             b)(6)
 Team, we received the below questions from CBS News                        , please loop in your NAVAIR & CHINFO POCs.
 Not only do we need their help in answering #1 and #2, bu we nee         o discuss other releases with them, per OGC
 guidance.

 I've indicated below my proposed answers, or where (b)(6) & I need your help for answers. Loop in whomever else
 needs to be on this.

 Regards,
 Sue
 **********
 CBS News Questions:

 1) Is this FLIR tape uploaded in Feb. 2007 property of the Department of Defense?

 Caution-https://web.archive.org/web/20070209104330/Caution-http://www.vision-unlimited.de/extern/f4.mpg <
 Caution-https://web.archive.org/web/20070209104330/Caution-http://www.vision-unlimited.de/extern/f4.mpg >

 (Navy & Frosty -- over to you to answer this one]

 2) If the FLIR tape is DoD property, was this leak and theft investigated?

(b)(5)


 3) Did Luis Elizondo interact with AATIP under official duties of his job?

(b)(5)


                                                                1
 4) How did Elizondo's job relate to AATIP?
(b)(5)


 5) Who was the director of AATIP? On USA's new page which is raising up to $30 million from the public, Elizondo's
 listed as the "program element director" for AATIP.

(b)(5)


  6) In the 2009 Senator Reid letter, is Dr. Kit Green and CoIm Kelleher the two other blacked out names under the AATIP
  contractors next to Hal Puthoff? If not, who are these contractors?

  FOIA released documents-

  Caution-https://www.theblackvault.com/documentarchive/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/6-14-2019-6-00-11-AM.png <
  Caution https://www.theblackvault.com/documentarchive/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/6-14 2019-6-00 11-AM.png >

  Caution-https://documents.theblackvault.com/documents/dia/dia-aatip-reports.pdf < Caution-
  https://documents.theblackvault.com/documents/dia/dia-aatip-reports.pdf >

 (b)(5)


                                                             2
Gradisher, Joseph F CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)

From:                              Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
Sent:                              Thursday, August 8, 2019 8:51 PM
To:                              (b)(6)                   CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA),(b)(6)                   CIV USN DCNO
                                   N2N6 (USA); Carranza, Guillermo R SES OSD OGC (USA), Tipton, Neill T SES OSD OUSD
                                   INTEL (USA); b)(6)                 CTR OSD OUSE) INTEL (USA); (b )(6)         CV (US);
                                 (b)(6)
                                                         CTR OSD OUSD INTEL (USA),(b)(6)                         CIV WHS
                                   LSD (USA)
Cc:                               (b)(6)                       CIV OSD PA (USA); (b)(6)         CIV WHS ESD (USA):
                                   Stratton, John F Ja SES USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA); (b)(6)                  CIV WHS
                                             :13)(6)
                                   ESD (US)                      CIV WHS ESD (USA); (b)(6)                  USN CHINFO
                                   WASHINGTON DC (USA); b)(6)                       USN CHINFO WASHINGTON DC (USA);
                                  (b)(6)             CIV USN (USA); (b)(6)              CIV WHS ESD (US); Cummings,
                                   Matthew C (Matt) SES OSD OUSD INTEL (USA);       (b)(6)         IV OSD OUSD INTEL
                                   (USA); (b)(6)                      USN DIA DA0 (USA)
Subject:                          (b)(6)   Questions on AATIP, Elizondo, etc.
Attachments:                      (b)(6)               Questions on AATIP Aug 2019.docx
Signed By:                        (b)(6)


Categories:                        Green Category


Team,
(b)(6)            is writing a book on AATIP. In her own words, she wants to "lay out a current, evidence-based version
of the program, to the extent that information is permitted to be public," and to be "as definitive and correct as is
publicly possible." Hurray for her; something of a pain for us, to answer all her questions, especially as she keeps asking
for (re) confirmation of things she's already been told. But I always applaud journalists' efforts to be as accurate as
possible.

Please see attached. The vast majority of the questions are specific to AATIP, and hence are DIA's to answer. But her
questions cross into other offices' equities, too.

Where I knew at least something of an answer, based on all our previous discussions, standing RTQ, and answers to
reporters, I put it in, at least as a starting point. Feel free to correct/add/change.

Though you should all skim all the questions, to help focus your efforts:

DIA. Sorry, you pretty much need to review every question, except 12, 13, 14 and 16. For 17 - 19, I would guess we're
going to say something along the lines of, "we don't discuss intelligence matters/we are not going to discuss the
contents of the reports" -- unless the reports themselves have been/are releasable under FOIA?

 OUSD(I). Please focus on questions 6, and 10-14.

 Navy. Please focus on questions 7 and 16 part 2.

 DOPSR. Question #16, both parts.

 Bill/OGC. Particularly need your help/comment on #13.

Regards,
Sue
                                                             1
Page 123 of 264

(b)(5)
Page 124 of 264

(b)(5)
Page 125 of 264

(b)(5)
Page 126 of 264

(b)(5)
—Original Message----
From: OSD Pentagon PA Mailbox Duty Officer Press Operations (1o)(6)
To: (b)(6)                                 OSD Pentagon P Maitbox Duty Officer Press Operations
b)(6)
Sent: Wed, Sep 4, 2019 4:23 pm
Subject: RE: [Non-DoD Source] Comments for Aerospace America Magazine

I refer you to the Navy.
(b)(6)
                            (USA)
Pentagon Spokesman
Indo-Asia Pacific Security Affairs
Pentagon Rm (b)(6
0: (b)(6)
C:

From:IM(6)
Sent: Wednesday, September 4, 2019 4:17 PM
To: OSD Pentagon PA Mailbox Duty Officer Press Operations (b)(6)
Subject: [Non-DoD Source] Comments for Aerospace America Magazine

All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the authenticity
of all links contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web browser.
Hello,

(b)(6)    here. I'm a writer for Aerospace America, the monthly magazine in-print and online of the American Institute of
Aeronautics and Astronautics - Caution-www.aerospaceamerica.aiaa.org < Caution-http://www.aerospaceamerica.aiaa.org > .

I'm working on a no-nonsense, just-the-facts story on the issue of unidentified aerial phenomena that has been raised over the last
couple years. This stems from the 2017 release of video footage from U.S. Navy F/A-18 Super Hornet ATFLIR (AN/ASQ-228)
electro-optical and infrared cameras. Some reporting claims the video clips show UAPs. Fm trying to put together a piece that's as
accurate and thoughtful as it can be with as much authoritative input as I can get.

I'm speaking to a range of people for the article, from the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations and Raytheon (maker of the Super
Hornet ATFLIR) to the Senate and House Intel committees and activeretired Navy Super Hornet pilots to gather whatever pertinent
information I can.

A small corner of the story has to do with Mr. Luis Elizondo who claims to have arranged for the release of three videos known as
"Flirl", "GoFast" and "Gimble". He also claims to have led a Pentagon office known as the Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification
Program (AATIP) which is reported to have existed between 2007 (created by ex-Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid) and 2012. In
June, Pentagon spokesman Christopher Sherwood said the following:

"Mr. [Luis] Elizondo had no responsibilities with regard to the AATIP program while he worked in OUSDI [the
Office of Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence], up until the time he resigned effective 10/4/2017."

A June 24, 2009 letter from then Senator Harry Reid to William Lynn III, the Deputy Secretary of Defense at the time, requested
Special Access Program status for AATIP. An attachment to the letter includes a list- "FY 10 Preliminary Bigoted List of
Government Personnel". It lists eleven people whom Senator Reid wished to have special access to AATIP. Luis Elizondo's name is
included on the list with the title "Special Agent UDSI, Govt."

Some have claimed this document proved Elizondo led or was involved with AATIP. His title with OUSDI however is listed as
"Director, National Programs Special Management Staff". Apparently NPMS manages access for SAP programs.

So, I have two simple questions which I hope OUSDI can answer.

 1) During what years did Mr. Luis Elizondo work in OUSDI, and what was his title?

2) Was Mr. Elizondo responsible for clearing individuals for access to SAP programs?

The answers to both questions could help clear up whether Mr. Elizondo actually led the AATIP program or whether he simply
cleared individuals for access to the program.

I'm happy to provide more detail on the article if you'd like - or connect you with my editors at AIAA kb)(6)
(b)(6)         I < Caution-mailiotb)o)             > _ (b)(6)           and (b)(6)                           Caution-
mailto: (3)(6)            ).

 My contact information is below. Thanks for your time.

(b)(6)
 For Aerospace America Magazine
 Caution-www.acrospaceamerica.aiaa.org < Caution-http. www.aerospaceamerica.aiaa.org
(b)(6)               Caution-mailto: (b)(6)
 Tel. (b)(6)


                                                                    2
From:                              Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
Sent:                              Thursday, September 5, 2019 3:59 PM
To:                               (b)(6)              CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
Subject:                           RE: [Non-DOD Source] Comments for Aerospace America Magazine
Signed By:                        (b)(6)


Categories:                       Green Category


Basically a knee-jerk reaction by M(6) . He was duty officer yesterday, saw questions about a Navy F/A-18 Super Hornet
& imagery from the same, and automatically sent to Navy, without noticing that her actual questions were about
OUSD(I), not Navy. He also sits far away from (b)(6)            and I, so he hasn't been at all tracking the "fun" we've
been with UFO/UAP/Elizondo questions.

These are the same two questions I have from her. I have the answer to (1), as we've had to answer that previously;
need to get an answer from OUSD(I) and OGC on (2). I'll probably answer (1) today while working on (2).

Answer to (1): Luis Elizondo worked in OUSD(I) as a supervisory intelligence specialist from Sept. 28, 2008, until he
resigned effective Oct. 4, 2017.

[note for you, this was not his whole time in DoD, just the time in OUSD(I), which is what the reporter asked.]

Regard,
Sue
From: Gough, Susan I (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
Sent: Thursday, September 5, 2019 4:13 PM
To: (b)(6)
Cc: . (b)(6)            USAF AFELM OSD (USA) (b)(6)
Subject: RE: [Non-DoD Source] Comments for Aerospace America Magazine

Hi, (b)(

Luis Elizondo worked in OUSD(I) as a supervisory intelligence specialist from Sept. 28, 2008, until he resigned effective
Oct. 4, 2017.

I'm working on getting an answer for you on your second question.

Regards,
Sue Gough, Pentagon Spokesperson
Office of the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs
Main: (b)(6)
Direct:
Sent from iCloud

Begin forwarded message:
                (b)(6)
       From:
       Date: 05/09/2019
       To: b)(6)
       Cc: b)(6)
      (b)(6)


                         (b)(6)
       Subject: 0                      allegation that the Tic Tac video is faked etc.
               b)(6)  'when you have an alternative explanation to my obvious Popper-falsifiable parsimonious
       "radical conservative" b)(6)           using only elementary mainstream theoretical physics in the
       manner taught to me mainly by   (b)(6)        t Senior Physics Honors Seminar 1960 Cornell (with (9)(6)
       (b)(6)     another student) please s ow it to us. I note you seem a good experimental physics professor,
       we theorists have a somewhat different set of values. Of course, independent test of concept is
       important, but don't ask me to make bricks without straw. We need a massive effort to develop the
       metamaterials. That requires money and a large number of scientists.

       Caution-https://www.academia.edu/s/8ffc4e4b8b/mathematical-notes(b)(6)      -physics-tic-tac-
                                                                              (b)(6)
       v2 < Caution-httpsl/www.academia.edu/s/8ffc4e4b8b/mathematical-notes            -physics-tic-tac-
       v2>

       Caution-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yR52W5d8qY8&feature=share < Caution-
       https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yR52W5d8qY8&feature.share >
I hope you now understand that the paper you cited Caution-
https://andv.org/abs/1009.5663 < Caution-https://arxiv.org/abs/1009.5663 > on meta material
emulation of warp drive is orthogonal to what I am talking about?(b)(6)  an explain to you if you do
not see the distinction.


                              (b)(6)
My point is even if         is correct about that particular
video (although (b)(6)     vouches for it) it does not change the
fact that my obvious application of Einstein's field equation to
metameterials says that such Tic Tac Tech is real. I have
complete faith in my equations because they are simple and
actually obvious — any good physics undergrad at Cal Tech
could come to same conclusion if given HYPOTHETICAL FLIGHT
                                            (b)(6)
CHARACTERISTICS reported by (b)(6)     and         The Russians are
working on this I am sure.


       From: (b)(6)
       Date: Thursday, September 5, 2019 at 11:29 AM
       To: (b)(6)
       Subject: Re: (b)(6)  allegation that Tic Tac ain't for real

       while OD" ) and I may not see eye to eye on physical explanation, I agree with(b)(6) 100% that
       there is *something* interesting going on here to look at, based on reliable sources:

       Caution-https://www.cnn.com/2019/06/20/politics/ufo-sightings-navy-briefs-us-
       senators/index.html < Caution-https://www.cnn.com/2019/06/20/politics/ufo-sightings-navy-
       briefs-us-senators/index.html >
       Caution-https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.pastemagazine.com/articles/2019/04/the-us-
       navy-confirmed-on-the-record-that-ufos-are.html < Caution-
       https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.pastemagazine.com/articles/2019/04/the-us-navy-
       confirmed-on-the-record-that ufos-are.html >
       'Wow, What Is That?' Navy Pilots Report Unexplained Flying Objects ...Caution-
       https://www.nytimes.com ) 2019/05/26 ) politics ) ufo-sightings-navy-pilots < Caution-
       https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=8,4esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&cad=rja&uact=8&ved
       =2ahUKEwjss7CQprrkAhVCIVkKHXBACwIQFjAAegQ1ARAB&url=https%3A%2F%2FCaution-
       www.nytimes.com%212019%2F05%2F26%2Fus%2Fpolitics%2Fufo-sightings-navy-
       pilots.html&usg=A0vVaw3KrahLunxnR09aA7iki80m >
       'Fleet of UFOs' Followed US Aircraft, Navy Pilot Says I Live ScienceCaution-
       https://www.livescience.com ) 65585-ufo-sightings-us-pilots < Caution-
                                                    5
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=2&cad=rja&uact=8&ved
=2ahUKEwjss7CQprrkAhVCIVkKHXBACwIQFjABegQ1BhAB&url=https%3A%2F%2FCaution-
www.livescience.com%2F65585-ufo-sightings-us-
pilots.html&usg=A0vVaw0cuiBBGrwNQxX5WIrMAVFB >
Navy pilots speak out on UFO sightings - CNN Video - CNN.comCaution-https://www.cnn.com
videos > 2019/05/29 > pilots-speak-out-on-ufo-sighti... < Caution-
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=3&cad=rja&uact=8&ved
=2ahUKEwjss7CQprrkAhVCIVkKHXBACwIQFjACegQ1AhAB&url-https%3A%2F%2FCaution-
www.cnn.com%2Fvideos%2Fus%2F2019%2F05%2F29%2Fpilots-speak-out-on-ufo-sightings-
jeanne-moos-ebof-vpx.cnn&usg=A0vVaw029X2hu6WvHzAdtQjYxMUV >
Congress Briefed On Classified UFO Sightings As Threat To Aviator ...Caution-
https://www.huffpost.com ) entry ) navy-briefs-congress-ufos_n_5dObaf7... < Caution-
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=84esrc=s&source=web&cd-4&cad=rja&uact -8&ved
=2ahUKEwjss7CQprrkAhVCIVkKHXBACwIQFjADegQIBRAB&ur1=- https%3A%2F%2FCaution
www.huffpost.com%2Fentry%2Fnavy-briefs-congress-
ufos_n_5dObaf79e4b06ad4d25cflbe&usg=A0vVawOcT6bAYUZ7yi0vymRm2thk >
Navy pilots report seeing UFOs in US airspace Video - ABC NewsCaution-
https://abcnews.go.com > video) navy-pilots-report ufos-us-airspace-63331... < Caution-
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=5&cad =rja&uactz8&ved
=2ahUKEwjss7CiaprrkAhVCIVkKHXBACwIQFJAEegQ1AxAB&url--https%3A%2F%2Fabcnews.go.co
m%2FUS%2Fvideo%2Fnavy-pilots-report-ufos-us-airspace
63331280&usg=A0vVaw1P2gq6kfLjNppDcsf-eu1i >
Republican lawmaker presses Navy on UFO sightings - POLITICOCaution-
https://www.politico.com > 2019/07/30) navy-mark-walker ufo-1441105 < Caution-
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q Aesrc-s&source- web&cd=6&cad=rja&uact-8&ved
=2ahUKEwjss7CQprrkAhVCIVkKHXBACwIQFjAFegQIBBAB&url=https%3A%2F%2FCaution
www.politico.com%2Fstory%2F2019%2F07%2F30%2Fnavy-M(6)                     -ufo-
1441105&usg A0vVaw26jE3LyxKZiYAJaUwu_nH1           >
Senators briefed on UFO's as speculation grows surrounding naval ...Caution-
https://www.foxnews.com > politics ) u-s-senators-briefed-on-ufos-as-suspici... < Caution-
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc.s&source=web&cd=7&cad=rja&uact=8&ved
 -2ahUKEwjss7CQprrkAhVCIVkKHXBACwIQFjAGegQ1B)(AB&url=https%3A%2F%2FCaution-
www.foxnews.com%2Fpolitics%2Fu-s-senators-briefed-on-ufos-as-suspicions-grow-
surrounding-naval-sightings&usg-A0vVaw1vrk28mXQDDBeKAUnynzFW >
 UFOs Are Real, But Don't Assume They're Alien Spaceships I SpaceCaution-
 https://www.space.com > ufos-real-but-not-alien-spaceships < Caution-
 https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=8&cad=rja&uact=8&ved
=2ahUKEwjss7CQprrkAhVCIVkKHXBACwIQFjAHegQ1ABAB&url=https%3A%2F%2FCaution-
www.space.com%2Fufos-real-but-not-alien-spaceships.html&usg=A0vVaw3dNCI4fh3UY--
 iGb_S5WXV >
 UFOs reported by Navy pilots, who tell New York Times they spotted ...Caution-
 https://www cbsnews.com > news) navy-pilots-ufo-reports-confirmed-new... < Caution-
 https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct.j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=9&cad=rja&uact=8&ved
 =2ahUKEwjss7CQprrkAhVCIVkKHXBACwIQFjAlegQICRAB&url=https%3A%2F%2FCaution-
 www.cbsnews.com%2Fnews%2Fnavy-pilots-ufo reports-confirmed-new-york-times-military-
 unidentified-flying-object%2F&usg-A0vVawlE5wYYVT0E-_OeCjFxwULIc >
 Senators briefed on UFO sightings by Navy pilots: report - Business ...Caution-
 https://www.businessinsider.com ) senators-briefed-on ufo-sightings-by-na... < Caution-
 https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=10&cad=rja&uact=8&ve
 d=2ahUKEwjss7CQprrkAhVCIVkKHXBACwIQFjoklegQICBAB&url=https%3A%2F%2FCaution-
 www.businessinsider.com%2Fsenators-briefed-on-ufo-sightings-by-navy-pilots-report-2019-
 6&usg=A0vVaw2592iQnppukWn5P5eAMyJh >

                                         6
Last time I checked, CNN, ABC news, NBC news, the New York Times, and the Huffington Post
were not tabloids. (Also, I rebuke the allegations of pseudo-science, especially if directed against
me: I am a real scientist who is funded by the Department of Energy to do real work.
Furthermore, relativity was once deemed to be "pseudo-science". I believe in Germany
detractors of Einstein called it "Jewish physics". Science disparaged today becomes scientific
"dogma" tomorrow.)


On Thu, Sep 5, 2019 at 12:09 PM (6)(6)                                           Caution-
Ma iit0 b)(6)                     » wrote:
The discussion is not premature. Flight of Tic Tac if true, and assume it is, is smoking gun 'table-
top on steroids' obvious blatant clear evidence for the reality of low power warp drive.
No alternative competent explanation to mine is even possible within known physics. Indeed,
the problem is simple once one has the correct organizing idea. I do not think Fravor and Day
have lied. If such a document that Ron cites exists then JAG should investigate because the
people who wrote it may be working for the Russians. In any case I should be involved in the
investigation. Whoever gets this military technology first will have overwhelming strategic
advantage.
Damn the torpedoes full warp speed ahead!
(b)(6)


         From: (b)(6)                                    < Caution-
         mailtol(b)(6)
         Date: Thursday, September 5, 203.9 at 5:33 AM
         To: b)(6)                                  < Caution-
         mailto (b)(6)

         Subject: Re: (b)(6)   allegation that Tic Tac ain't for real


                                             S
 I dreamed about this thread before reading it this morning. Curiously there was
 some contention (in the dream) that discussion of warp drive in the context of the
 observed phenomena        s considered premature, at best, by the interested
 parties (represented b (b)(6)

 It is implied (in ")    response) that the observed phenomenon is already known
 to and understood at the core secret level of the government. The alleged fraud
 therefore is the presentation of an alternative (incorrect) hypothesis to the public
 at large. (Of greater concern should be the government's inability to keep the
 core secrets from detection in the SCIF.)


On Wed, Sep 4, 2019 at 8:14 PM :b)(6)                                           < Caution
mailto (b)(6)                   > > wrote:
(b)(6)
                                                                       (b)(6)
Is Commander Fravor a fraud? What about (b)(6)           ?What about                  ?What
about the guy who you worked for in CIA (b)(6)

 My position is that IF the Tic Tac evidence is real, then I have the unique correct
 mainstream physics explanation for it.
 Furthermore, even if the whole Tic Tac story turned out to be some Black
 Disinformation Influence Operation of Psychological Warfare the joke is on the
 mysterious Puppet Masters because what I say will work anyway or I am a Monkey's
 Uncle! 0

           From: (b)(6)                                     < Caution
           mailto (b)(6)
           Date: Wednesday, September 4, 2019 at 5:59 PM
           To: r)(6)                                < Caution-
           mai to: (b)(6)
           Subject: Re: UAPs and Multi-Media Travel


           Problem is Elizondo is a fraud and so is Tic Tac video --just another Techno
           Scam.


         (b)(6)
                          , Ph.D.
         (b)(6)      TACP-Network
          (b)(6)


           On Wed, Sep 4, 2019 at 8:54 PM (b)(6)
          (b)(6)                       < Caution-mailtorb)(6)                         >>
           wrote:
           What's wrong with you people?
           Any real testing requires huge resources of money and people.
           Meantime we have a smoking gun — the Tic Tac.
                                       9
Nothing any of you have proposed comes close to explaining the evidence.
Tic Tac is a fact demanding explanation.
I have given the only plausible obvious one.
We are not proposing a "theory" looking for evidence.
The evidence is there.
Now if any of you can do a table- top experiment by all means do so.
That NOT my job as a theorist.
I am like a detective on a homicide case.
Tic Tac is a national security threat as Elizondo has said.


        (b)(6)
From:                                 < Ca utio n
mailtoT(b)(6)
Date: Wednesday, September 4, 2019 at 5:42 PM
To: (b)(6)                                            < Caution-
mail to: (b)(6)
Caution-https://omny.fm/shows/savage-nation-with-michael-savage/the-
climate-of-hate-on-the-american-left < Caution-
https://omny.fm/shows/savage-nation-with-michael-savage/the-climate-of-
hate-on-the-american-left >
           Targ (b)(6)          < Caution ma i Ito:(b)(6)        >
       (b)(6)                            < Caution
        mailto: b)(6)
       (b)(6)                              Caution
        mailto: (b)(6)                         >>' (b)(6)
      (b)(6)                        < Caution
        ma ilt0:0 )(6)                   >>, (b)(6)
       b)(6)                     < Caution
        mailto (b)(6)
        Subject: Re: UAPs and Multi-Media Travel

      i(b)(6)


        > table-top proof of concept is crucial

        I totally agree, as would any good physicist (b)(6)
        included). Theory must be tested... period!
        It is fallacious to assume that just because there is only one theory on
        the table, that it is correct.
        If this technology truly requires low-energy, then one ought to be able
        to perform a table top proof of concept.

        At this point, we know so little about these UAP.
        We cannot even go as far as stating that they all use the same
        technologies for propulsion.
        They need to be STUDIED (yes,lam shouting).

         Furthermore, as one who is interested in understanding and developing
         the propulsion technologies of any of these objects, it is important to
         keep all the hypotheses, and proposed mechanisms on the table until
         they can be shown to be not viable. Focusing on one technique, even if
         it happens to be the technique that the TicTac UAPs use, would
         preclude us from DOING BETTER than our guests, which could prove to
 be the critical perspective. I don't want to just do what they do. I want
 to do it better. And that requires that we generate multiple
 hypothetical mechanisms, test them, and improve them. It is time to
 follow the model of the Wright brothers!

 Cheers
(b)(6)


(b)(6)             , Ph.D.
(b)(6)


 Caution-http:/ (b)(6)                    < Caution-
 http:// (b)(6)


 On Wed, Sep 4, 2019 at 6:13 PM (b)(6)
(b)(6)                            < Caution-
 mail to: (b)(6)                       » wrote:
 table-top proof of concept is crucial

 On Wed, Sep 4, 2019 at 6:11 PIN.1(b)(6)
(b)(6)                       < Caution-
 mailto:(b)(6)                     » wrote:
(b)(6) paper only has the kinematical half of the whole story. He
                                                                  does not
 have the essential dynamical half— how to produce what (b)( describes
                                                           F,
 with small amounts on on-board energy to explain the observational
 fact. That's what I have done qualitatively.

(b)(6
1     basically described what a distant observer outside the warp field
 surrounding the Tic Tac using EM far field signals (radar, visual sighting —
 Fravor et-al) he does not describe how meta-materials are able to
 accomplish that in terms of known physics. I have done that.

 I first broached that explanation at General Pete Worden's invitation to
 DARPA/NASA 100-year Starship meeting in Orlando Oct 2011.

 Re: Dark energy, its energy density is way too small to explain Tic Tac. It
 would have to be amplified. In any case, I have shown IN PRINCIPLE how
 to do the job using elementary battle-tested mainstream theoretical
 physics — conceptually it's not at all a difficult problem.


           From: (b)(6)
          (b)(6)
                                        < Caution-
           mailto(b)(6)                      >>
           Date: Wednesday, September 4, 2019 at 2:59 PM

                          11
         (b)(6)
 To:                              < Caution-

 mallto.(b)(6)          >>
 Subject: Re: UAPs and Multi-Media Travel

 (b)(6
     , speaking of your attached paper, that's basically what I
 meant, it can't be coincidence: since dark energy is everywhere,
 as —68% of the energy density of the universe, tapping into it
 would mean "free" energy: no fuel to carry around, no
 propellent, and dark energy of course violates conversation of
 energy ironically given its fixed density. So, it is inexhaustible,
 and completely within the realm of "established" science. I'd
 have to study your paper again to see if there is a connection
 numerically. One issue is that dark energy is actually negative
 pressure not negative density, since we live in a de Sitter not
 anti de Sitter space (most likely, based on the cosmological
 data)

 (b)(6)
      , another fact to consider though is a so called "warp drive"
 is even easier to imagine as working at speeds only < c, but with
 all the other benefits (like moving the space, instead of moving
 through it) Caution-https://arxiv.org/abs/1009.5663 <Caution-
 https://arxiv.org/abs/10095663 > for example (up to 0.25c!)


                                   (b)(6)
 On Wed, Sep 4, 2019 at 4:22 PM
(b)(6)                < Caution mailto: (b)(6)
 wrote
  Interesting, but I just don't know the answer, or how to
 address it!

 As for the earlier discussion of UAPs burrowing into the
 earth, I have heard anecdotal reports of it, but not much in
 the way of assessing credibility. If the spacetime metric is
 being manipulated as in my attached paper, all ordinary
 matter would look like butter, so not out of the question.

(b)(6)


  -----Original Message-----
  From: (b)(6)
(b)(6)
                                            Caution-
  mailto (b)(6)                                >>
  To: (b)(6)                                   aution-
  mat      (b)(6)        > >
  Sent: e • , ep , I 1 • 1:17 pm
  Subject. Re: UAPs and Multi-Media Travel

  few THz => 60 micron wavelength (of light).

  Imagine that there is a new force beyond the Standard
  Model which has a characteristic "half-life" (or half-length
  actually!) based on the mass of the force carrier
  (h-bar*c)/(2*rest-mass energy) = 60 microns if energy -
  few meV.
                  12
                    What particle is hypothesized that has a mass of a few
                    meV?? The chameleon particle for explaining dark energy
                    (note, -not- DM):
                    Caution-https://arxiv.org/pdf/1604.04908.pdf < Caution-
                    https://arxiv.org/pdf/1604.04908.pdf > Quoting from the
                    paper:
                    Astrophysical me surements of the dark energy density imply an
                    energy scale of A 2.4 meV, corresponding to a length scale
                    of hbar*c/A — 80 um.
                    Surely this is no coincidence? (The power of dimensional
                    analysis!)


                   On Wed, Sep 4, 2019 at 12:32 PM (b)(6)
                   (b)(6)              < Caution-mailto(b)(6)              > >
                   wrote:
           I calculated a bit of bandwidth at — 5 THz, not far from what you
           calculated. A 20/1 reduction in waveguide size for the 60 micron
           wavelength, excellent micro miniaturization.
          (b)(6)


           Sent from my iPhone

            On Sep 4, 2019, at 7:20 AM, (b)(6)
          1(b)(6)                       I< Uaution-
            mailto (b)(6)                      » wrote:
          (b)(6)
                Precisely. :)
           By the way congrats on your paper, no easy achievement for sure!
                   st Regards
          (b)(6)


           Sent from Yahoo Mail on Android < Caution-
           https://go.onelink.me/107872968?pid=lnProduct&c=Global_lntern
           al_YGrowth_AndroidEmailSig AndroidUsers&af_wl=ym&af_sub
           1=Internal&af_sub2=Global_YGrowth&af_sub3=EmailSignature >
                                               (b)(6)
         On Tue, Sep 3, 2019 at 6:19 PM,
        (b)(6)
                               < Caution-mailto: (b)(6)              >>
         wt (.te.
 Thank you d(b)(6)
 Yeah... , multi-media travel would mean something else... like Harry
 Potter going from Book to Movie!

 Looking forward to hearing from(b)(6 !
                                )
 Cheers
(b)(6)


(b)(6)              , Ph.D.
 (b)(6)


                              13
(b)(6)


 Ca ution-http:h4b)(6)                       Caution-
 hap:PO)


                                    (b)(6)
  On Tue Se 3,2019 at 9:06 PM
(b)(6)
                                 < Caution-
  maiito (b)(6)                      > > wrote:
  Hi (b)(6)     actually "multi-medium travel" I will defer to (b)(6 for the
  physics.:) he is WAY more qualified than me to answer your insightful
  question...
  Best,
 (b)(6)


  Sent from Yahoo Mail on Android < Caution-
  https://go.onelink.me/107872968?pid=lnProduct&c=Global Internal_YGro
  wth _AndroidEmailSig AndroidUsers&af_wl=ym&af_ _sub1=Internal&af_s
  ub2=Global_YGrowth&af sub3=EmailSignature >
                                    (b)(6)
 On Tue, Sep 3, 2019 at 6:02 PM,
(b)(6)                        < Caution-
 mailto " 6)                      > > wrote:
 Hi  (b)(6)


  As (" 6) ioted, there is only one witness who said the Nimitz UAP moved
  through the water and that witness has not been consistent on the speed
  so I wouldn't use the Nimitz case for UAP water movement. In the
  Aguadilla case the object doesn't slow much upon entering the water but
  there is a detectable drop in speed as it enters the water and there is
  indication of a very slight splash So I'm not convinced that we have
  sufficient information to state if UAPs can move through water without
  interaction. There is sufficient anecdotal information to conclude that UAP
  movement through water can be much faster than we can achieve,
  although some supercavitating torpedoes can reach speeds approaching
  200 knots. I would agree with Peter that there isn't enough information on
  UAP movement through water to draw any conclusions.

  As for moving through solids, I have not heard of any reports of this

  I do think the way UAPs interact through various media could be a clue to
  their type of propulsion.
(b)(6)


                         (b)(6)
  On 9/3/2019 7:21 PM,                wrote:
  Hi (b)(6)
  the evidence for them going through water in the Nimitz case is very
  weak, only one
  witness has said this as far as I know of. The Aguadilla case has a small
  object going through water without
  slowing down but showing water disturbances. Other than that the SCU
  has not done any serious investigations
  of any other incidents. Other members may know of such incidents but
  we have not studied it to put it
                            14
                    through the test for its veracity. If all we have are narratives of this kind of
                    stuff [going through water] then it is highly suspect
                    and should be avoided until some physical evidence comes up to
                    examine it in detail. The Aguadilla case has heat signatures
                    of it coming and going through the water so that gives some evidence to
                    study.


                    On Tuesday/9/3/2019 5:53:02 PM, (b)(6)               wrote:
                                      (b)(6
                    Dear (b)(6) and           (ane everyone else),

                    I have a question or two about UAPs and multi-media travel.
                    UAPs have been observed in the Nimitz case (2004) to travel from low-
                    Earth orbit (space) to air to water.
                    You have come to call this feature multi-media travel.

                    First, and most importantly, have UAPs been observed to move through
                    solid Earth?
                    If so, can you point to concrete examples for which there is some kind of
                    publicly available evidence?

                    One surprising fact is that UAPs move through the air without obvious
                    disturbance (sonic booms, heat dumps, etc).
                    As far as I understand (please correct me if wrong), in the Nimitz case,
                    the UAPs were observed to travel as fast as 500 knots through water.
                    On one hand, this would suggest that the UAPs move through the water
                    without disturbing it.
                    However, sonar works by sound waves reflecting off objects, which
                    requires an interaction between the UAP and water.
                    Is anything known about what is going on here?

                    Thank you in advance for your time.
                    Sincerely,
                   (b)(6)


                   (b)(6)
                                         Ph.D.
                   (b)(6)


                    Caution-http:/ b)(6)                        < Caution-
                    http:/ (b)(6)


Sent from iCloud
Sent from iCloud
     Original Message
 From: Gough, Susan L (Sue) C1V OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
 Sent: Thursday, September 5, 2019 9:43 PM
                                                                                         (b)(6)
 To: (b)(6)              TR OSD OUSD INTEL (USA) b)(6)                                                         CTR OSD
 OUSD INTEL (USA) (b)(6)                           ; Tipton, Neill T SES OSD OUSD INTEL (USA)
(b)(6)
                             ; Carranza, Guillermo R SES OSD OGC (USA) (b)(6)
                          PI AF AFELM OSD (USA) (b)(6)                            Stratton, John I- (Jay) SES US1\1 ONI
 WASHINGTON DC (USA) (b)(6)                            (b)(6)               CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
 (b)(6)

Subject: Aerospace America Magazine question on Elizondo

Gents,
The news query below boils down to two questions:
1) During what years did Mr. Luis Elizondo work in OUSDI, and what was his title?
 2) Was Mr. Elizondo responsible for clearing individuals for access to SAP programs?

To the first question, I have provided the answer we've used previously: "Luis Elizondo worked in OUSD(I) as a
supervisory intelligence specialist from Sept. 28, 2008, until he resigned effective Oct. 4, 2017."

(b)(5)


The issue now is how to answer question #2. Read the full query to below to see why the reporter is asking this. I see
three options:
(b)(5)
(b)(5)

(b)(5)


                           (b)(5)
  Thoughts, preferences?
(b)(5)


  Regards,
  Sue

  *****Full query below **to**
  From: (b)(6)
  Sent: Wednesday, September 4, 2019 4:17 PM
                                                            (b)(6)
  To: OSD Pentagon PA Mailbox Duty Officer Press Operations
  Subject: [Non-DoD Source] Comments for Aerospace America Magazine

  All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the
  authenticity of all links contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web browser.


  Hello,

 (b)(6)     here. I'm a writer for Aerospace America, the monthly magazine in-print and online of the American Institute
  of Aeronautics and Astronautics - Caution-www.aerospaceamerica.aiaa.org < Caution-
  http.//www.aerospacearnerica.aiaa.org > .

  I'm working on a no nonsense, just-the-facts story on the issue of unidentified aerial phenomena that has been raised
  over the last couple years. This stems from the 2017 release of video footage from U.S. Navy F/A-18 Super Hornet
  ATFLIR (AN/ASQ-228) electro-optical and infrared cameras. Some reporting claims the video clips show UAPs. I'm trying
  to put together a piece that's as accurate and thoughtful as it can be with as much authoritative input as I can get.

  I'm speaking to a range of people for the article, from the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations and Raytheon (maker
  of the Super Hornet ATFLIR) to the Senate and House Intel committees and active/retired Navy Super Hornet pilots to
  gather whatever pertinent information I can

   A small corner of the story has to do with Mr. Luis Elizondo who claims to have arranged for the release of three videos
   known as "Flir1", "GoFast" and "Gimble". He also claims to have led a Pentagon office known as the Advanced
   Aerospace Threat Identification Program (AATIP) which is reported to have existed between 2007 (created by ex-Senate
   Majority Leader Harry Reid) and 2012. In June, Pentagon spokesman Christopher Sherwood said the following:

   "Mr. [Luis] Elizondo had no responsibilities with regard to the AATIP program while he worked in OUSDI [the Office of
   Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence], up until the time he resigned effective 10/4/2017"

   A June 24, 2009 letter from then Senator Harry Reid to William Lynn III, the Deputy Secretary of Defense at the time,
   requested Special Access Program status for AATIP. An attachment to the letter includes a list - "FY 10 Preliminary
   Bigoted List of Government Personnel". It lists eleven people whom Senator Reid wished to have special access to AATIP.
   Luis Elizondo's name is included on the list with the title "Special Agent UDSI, Govt."

   Some have claimed this document proved Elizondo led or was involved with AATIP His title with OUSDI however is listed
   as "Director, National Programs Special Management Staff". Apparently NPMS manages access for SAP programs.

   So, I have two simple questions which I hope OUSDI can answer.


                                                               2
 :b)(6)
                           CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)

 From:                                  Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
 Sent:                                  Monday, September 30, 2019 10:27 AM
 To:                                   (b)(6)              CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
 Subject:                               Re: [Non-DoD Source] PRESS Query VICE

 Categories:                           Green Category


(b)(5)


 Regards,
 Sue

 Sent by my iPhone

 From: (b)(6)
 Date: Sunday, September 29, 2019 at 3:31:,38 PM
 To: "Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)1(b)(6)
 Subject: [Non-DoD Source] PRESS Query VICE'

 Good day,

 I was informed by )I)(6)                to contact you regarding any further questions I have concerning the DOD/Navy's
 position on the AA T. IP/UAP issue.

 I am continuing to follow this story and have some follow-up questions.

 1) I understand that the FLIR1 video was leaked in 2007, and that the Navy did not formally release that video (nor Gimbal
 and GoFast) to the public. Did the individual or individuals who released those videos to the public do so illegally?

 2) In regards to question 1, will that individual or those individuals be charged with a crime for leaking said videos to the
 public?

 3) In regards to question 1, has that individual or those individuals been charged with a crime and are currently facing
 legal action?

 4) In regards to the 2004 video (known to the public as FLIR1), which government agency, military department or private
 contractor removed the footage and data off the aircraft which originally shot the footage, and who would have had access
 to the complete footage before it was edited to its current length?

 5) In regards to the 2015 videos (known as Gimbal and GoFast to the public), which government agency, military
 department or private contractor removed the footage and data off the aircraft which originally shot the footage, and who
 would have had access to the complete footage before it was edited to its current length?
 6) Does the Department of Defense know what the objects in these three videos are, or does it share the same response
 as the Navy by classifying them as "Unknown aerial phenomena?"

 7) Are the objects shown in the videos property of the American government or property of a public and/or private
 contractor in service to the American government?

 I really appreciate your time in this.

 Thank you,
(b)(6)


                    ,


                                                             )
 (b)(6)
                      •    CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)

  From:                             Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
  Sent:                             Wednesda November 20, 2019 1:53 PM
  To:                               (b)(6)             CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
  Subject:                                          ource Press Query VICE News
  Signed By:                      (b)(6)


  Categories:                       Green Category


(b)(5)


  Regards,
  Sue


  From: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
  Sent: Wednesday, November 20, 2019 1:47 PM
  To. (b)(6)
  Subject: RE: [Non-DoD Source] Press Query VICE News

  Hellc (b)(6
  There is not an active investigation. When the videos appeared in the New York Times, an internal review revealed that
  a request to release the videos solely for research and analysis purposes by U.S. government agencies and industry
  partners had been submitted and approved approximately four months prior to when the videos appeared in the New
  York Times. This did not include approval for general public release. The requestor subsequently asked for approval for
  general public release; final approval for general public release was never granted. As the requestor was no longer a
  DoD employee by the time the videos appeared, and the videos did not contain classified information, DoD did not
  pursue further.

  Regards,
  Sue Gough
  Pentagon Spokesperson
  Defense Public Affairs Operations
  DOD website: https://www.defense.gov/
  Twitter: https://twitter.com/DeptofDefense
  Instagram: haps://www.instagram.com/deptofdefense
  Face book: https://www.facebook.com/DeptofDefense
  LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/united-states-department-of-defense

  From (b)(6)
  Sent: Wednesday, November 20, 2019 12:44 PM
  To: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
  Subject: Re: (Non-DoD Source) Press Query VICE News

  All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the
  authenticity of all links contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web
  browser.
                                                             1
Hi Susan,

Thank you very much. Sorry that I haven't gotten back to you regarding a follow up. Some other things popped up.

1) In regards then to the three UAV videos (Furl, Gimbal and GoFast), is the Pentagon investigating how these three
videos were released to the public? If the Navy is claiming that they never released the videos, and neither did the
Department of Defense, how did they come to be in the hands of the New York Times and To The Stars?

2) Is there an active investigation into how all three of these videos were leaked?

Thanks very much,
(b)(6)


          On Monday, Oct 28, 2019 at 3:15 PM, Gough Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
          (b)(6)                                                               > wrote:


         (b)(6


          Senator Reid's letter requested DOD assistance in establishing a restricted special access program; one
          was not established. I cannot comment on why, as we do not comment publicly on intelligence matters,
          nor on correspondence between the department and members of Congress.


           Luis Elizondo did not take over AATIP in 2010.

           Luis Elizondo did not run AATIP while serving in OUSD(1).

           DIA was not given an OSD staffer to run AAT1P. DIA personnel ran AATIP.

           Luis Elizondo did not run AATIP out of a position in OSD.


           I cannot comment on why Ms. White misspoke regarding Elizondo's role in AATIP when she spoke with
           NYT and Politico in December 2017, nor why DOD did not immediately correct the record afterwards. I
           do know that subsequently we have been clear that Elizondo had no assigned responsibilities for AATIP.


           Regards,

           Sue Gough

           Pentagon Spokesperson


                                                                2
(b)(6)
                          CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)

From:                                   Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
Sent:                                   Thursday, December 19, 2019 12:23 PM
To:                                     (b)(6)             CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
Subject:                                 FVV: [Non-DoD Source] Pilot Who Filmed the 'Tic Tac' UFO Speaks: 'It Wasn't Behaving
                                         by the Normal Laws of Physics'
Signed By:                              (b)(6)


Categories:                             Green Category


                               (b)(5)
FYSA. Are you on his distro?                                    ;-) He added me to his newsletter distro after I replied to a
query of his. :-9 (b)(5)                                 , but this headline caught my eye.

From: (b)(6)
Sent: Thursday, December 19, 2019 10:16 AM
Subject: [Non-DoD Source] Pilot Who Filmed the 'Tic Tac' UFO Speaks: 'It Wasn't Behaving by the Normal Laws of
Physics'

All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the
authenticity of all links contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web
browser.


Pinned Tweet


 < Caution-ht s://twitter.comi (b)(6)             >

(b)(6)


                                                                  1
    (b)(6)
1


    <Caution-https://twitter.com/ (b)(6)               >


                                              (b)(6)
    Dec 2 < Cautton-h .s://twitter.co                       ,tatus/1201555152303480832 >


     Tic Tac Tech Cortona Italy Ask (b)(6)               < Caution-mailto (b)(6)                >

    1:)1,AMvimeo.com/376688436 < Caution-https://t.co/BzKhWefN6F?amp=1 >
    Dvimeo.com/376854323 < Caution-https://t.co/3EaK7xxvoM?amp=1 > 2

    .vimeo.com/376855850 < Caution-https://t.co/HWuny6OghP?amp=1 > 3
    Dvimeo.com/376856583 <Caution-https://t.co/rSbhon4fOR?amp=1 > 4

    .vimeo.com/376861887 < Caution-https://t.co/pNaPSEx9BM?amp=1 >
      vimeo.com/376863777 < Caution-https://t.co/K414z1TF11 ?amp=1 > 6 Representatives of large defense
     organizations attended

    eo.com


    e   Caution-https://twitter.com/ (b)(6)            status/1201555152303480832/analytics >


    < Caution-https://twitter.convi (b)(6)             /status/I201555152303480832 >

    UFOS < Caution-http://nymag.com/tags/ufos/ > 6:00 A.M.


    Navy Pilot Who Filmed the Tic Tac' UFO Speaks: 'It Wasn't Behaving by the Normal Laws of Physics'
    By MattMathew Phelan < Caution-http://nymag.com/author/matthew-phelan/ >
    Caution-http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2,919/12/tic-tac-ufo-video-q-and-a-with-navy-
    pilot-chad-underwood.html < Caution-http://nymag.com/intelligencer/21919/12/tic-tac-
    ufo-video-q-and-a-with-navy-pilot-chad-underwood.html >
                                                                     2
d Underwood

  In the 15 years since Chad Underwood recorded a bizarre and erratic UFO < Caution-
  http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2018/o3/heres-a-video-of-a-navy-jet-encountering-a-ufo.html > — now
  called "the Tic Tac," a name Underwood himself came up with — from the infrared camera on the left wing
  of his F/A-18 Super Hornet, he's become a flight instructor, a civilian employee in the aerospace industry,
  and a father. But he has not yet spoken publicly about what he saw that day, even now, two years after his
  video made the front page of the New YorkTimes < Caution-
  http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2017/12/new-york-times-ufo-report.html > . As he explained before
  speaking with Intelligencer, Underwood has mostly wanted to avoid having his name "attached to the
  'little green men < Caution-http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2018/03/13-reasons-to-believe-aliens-are-
  real.html > 'crazies that are out there."

  The story of the Tic Tac begins around November 10, 2004 < Caution-
  https://www.popularmechanics.com/military/research/a2971548/navy-ufo-witnesses-tell-truth/ > ,
  when radar operator Kevin Day < Caution-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2zRabdvKnw > first
  reported seeing odd and slow-moving objects flying ;n groups of five to ten off of San
  Clemente Island, west of the San Diego coast. At an elevation of 28,000 feet, moving at a
  speed of approximately 120 knots (about 138 miles per hour), the clusters were too high to
  be birds, too slow to be conventional aircraft, and were not traveling on any established
  flight path, at least according to Day.
  (b)(6)
           inserted

  Caution-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0J8hQBDHJM < Caution-
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0J8hQBDHJM >

  Caution-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-hkQAG9tHE < Caution-
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-hkQAG9tHE > . Kevin Day USS Princeton

  Caution-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yR52W5d8qY8&feature=share < Caution-
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yR52W5d8qY88rfeature=share >

  Caution-https://www.academia.edu/s/7cd5cbac7e < Caution-
  https://www.academia.eclu/s/7cd5cbac7e > (note disclaimer "Bolden article" fake news
  debunker satire even though content has some validity though what is said about Bolden in
  misinformation to throw serious scientists off the scent.)

  In a military report made public by KLAS-TV in Las Vegas < Caution-
  https://medialasvegasnow.com/nxsglobal/lasvegasnow/document_dev/2018/05/18/TIC%20TAC%20U
  FO%20EXECUTIVE%2oREPORT_1526682843046_42960218_veri.o.pdf > , Day would later observe
  that the objects "exhibited ballistic-missile characteristics" as they zoomed from 6o,000 feet
  to 50 feet above the Pacific Ocean, alarmingly without producing sonic booms. All told, radar
  operators with the Princeton spent about two weeks attempting to figure out what the objects were, a
                                                     3
process that included having the ship's radar system shut down and recalibrated to make sure that the
mysterious radar returns were not not false positives, or "ghost tracks < Caution-
https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?arnumber=7850967 > .


Eventually, David Fravor, commanding officer of the Black Aces, made visual confirmation of one of the
objects midair during a flight-training exercise. An hour later, Underwood made his infrared recording on
a second flight. "That day," Underwood recalls, "Dave Fravor was like, 'Hey, dude. BOLO.' Like, be on the
lookout for just something weird. I can't remember the exact terms that he used. I didn't really think much
about it at the time. But once I was able to acquire it on the radar and on the FUR [forward-looking
infrared camera], that's kind of where things — I wouldn't say 'went sideways' — but things were just
different."


The footage appears to depict what Fravor had identified as a 40-foot-long, white, oblong
shape (hence "Tic Tac"), hovering somewhere between 15,000 and 24,000 feet in midair
and exhibiting no notable exhaust from conventional propulsion sources, even as it makes
a surprising dart leftward in the video's final moments. Of the three UFO incidents captured by
U.S. Navy airmen via infrared gun-camera pods, Underwood's footage remains unique for its lack of cross
talk between the pilots — a fact that has led to some speculation < Caution-
https://www.terraobscura.netiblogidoes-this-tic-tac-smell-funny-to-you > about its authenticity. But
"there wasn't anything on it that was protected," Underwood's retired former commanding officer Dave
Fravor told Intelligencer. The missing audio, he says, "just didn't make the copy that was taken from the
storage drive."

A former fighter pilot who served on the Nimitz in 2004, who spoke to Intelligencer on condition of
anonymity, recalled an exhilarating group screening of the FLIRi video inside the Nimitz's Carrier Vehicle
Intelligence Center (CVIC): "Debriefs were usually pro forma in the CVIC, but this one in particular was so
odd," the former pilot said. "There weren't really a lot of skeptics in that room." Years later, Fravor told
ABC News that he didn't know what the Tic Tac was, but that "it was really impressive,
really fast, and I would like to fly it." In the CVIC that day, the anonymous pilot told
Intelligencer, "We all had that. We all wanted to fly it."

Of the many people to have spotted or recorded the objects, a handful, like Fravor or Princeton's (retired)
Chief Master-at-Arms Sean Cahill < Caution-https://www.history.com/shows/unidentified-inside-
americas-ufo-investigation/season-i/episode-3 > , who reported seeing what appeared to be another
grouping of the objects from the missile cruiser's deck, have spoken to journalists or documentarians.
Others have not: Lieutenant Colonel "Cheeks" Kurth, a Marine Hornet squadron commanding officer who
was also asked to intercept the Tic Tac, still has not done an on-the-record interview. (Three years after
the sighting, however, Kurth did take a job as a program manager at Bigelow Advanced
Aerospace Space Studies in Las Vegas, whose owner Robert Bigelow has been a well-known
private funder of UFO and paranormal research for decades. It was during this same period that
Bigelow became a military contractor working on the Pentagon's once-secret UFO
investigation program, the Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program.)

Underwood now joins Fravor, Cahill, and others, in speaking about his experience with the Tic Tac. This
conversation has been condensed and edited for clarity.


What did you think of Dave Fravor's appearance on the Joe Rogan Experience?
I'm glad Dave went on Joe's show. He nailed every detail. At the time of the incident, he was essentially

                                                     4
my boss, my commanding officer. I was just a pilot in his squadron. Are you familiar at all with how
aircraft-carrier air operations work?

Probably not.
So, usually, we fly for about an hour, hour and a half, and then land. Then there's the next wave of folks
that take off and do their mission, blab, blab, blah. That day, Dave Fravor was landing at the same time I
was getting my gear on, and we crossed paths just after he'd seen it. I really don't want to get into what
Dave saw, specifically To summarize Fravor's eyewitness account to the New York Times, the pilot

 reported seeing a large submerged object that was causing the ocean to churn. Hovering about 50 feet

 above that churn, the 40-foot Tic Tac zipped erratically around the submerged object. Fravor observed

 the Tic Tac as he banked his F/A-18 in a spiral descent to get a closer look. As he told the Times, the Tic

 Tac "accelerated like nothing I've ever seen" and left him "pretty weirded out." , because I didn't see it
with my own eyeballs. But I told him, "The Princeton" — again, which has got a really good
sophisticated radar — "is reporting that there's an object out there that they wanted us to
see if we could find and, if we're able, track."

So, we go out to where our designated training area is. We're not necessarily looking for something, but
the Princeton had a specific object that they wanted us to hunt, for lack of a better word. And all of a
sudden, I got this blip on my radar.

The "Tic Tac."
The term "Tic Tac," I actually coined that. So, any time you heard the term, "It looked like a 'Tic Tac'
out there in the sky," I was the one that kind of coined that.

Was that named based on what you saw with your own eyes, or from looking at the screen
on the camera?
No. I was more concentrated on looking at the FLIR Advanced Targeting Forward Looking Infrared

 (ATFLIR) is an optical electric- and thermal-imaging system that was developed for U.S. Navy pilots by

 Raytheon in the late 1990s < Caution-https://fas.org/man/dod-tot/sys/smart/atflir.htm > , mainly for

 the detection and identification of tactical targets and the delivery of autonomous precision targeting to

 smart weapons. In the mid-2000s < Caution-

 http://www.spacedaily.com/reports/Boeing_FA18_Super_Hornet_Engages_Moving_Targets_with_J

 DAM.html > , as well as today < Caution-https://www.raytheon.com/capabilities/products/atflir > ,

 ATFLIR was capable of detecting and tracking targets within a range of 40 nautical miles. Ft was inside
of 20 miles. You're not going to see it with your own eyes until probably 10 miles, and then you're not
going to be able to visually track it until you're probably inside of five miles, which is where Dave
Fravor said that he saw it. So, at that point I didn't see anything with my eyeballs. I was more

                                                      5
 concerned with tracking it, making sure that the videotape was on so that I could bring something back to
 the ship, so that the intel folks could dissect whatever it is that I captured.

 The thing that stood out to me the most was how erratic it was behaving. And what I mean by
  erratic" is that its changes in altitude, air speed, and aspect were just unlike things that
 I've ever encountered before flying against other air targets. It was just behaving in ways
 that aren't physically normal. That's what caught my eye. Because, aircraft, whether they're
 manned or unmanned, still have to obey the laws of physics. They have to have some source
 of lift, some source of propulsion. The Tic Tac was not doing that. It was going from like
 50,000 feet to, you know, a hundred feet in like seconds, which is not possible.
(b)(6)

              says "Not only is it
 possible, we understand the really
 elementary physics that explains it."
 And it was doing that during your engagement too?
 Yes. That was the thing that was the most interesting to me: how erratic this thing was Jim Gillingham,
                                                                                        ,
  an engineering consultant who worked on ATFLIR for Raytheon, suggested in an interview with

    Intelligencer that "if there were several things in the sky to look at, but none were quite where the pilot

    was trying to look," it might produce erratic results, a glitch he'd experienced using the ATFLIR to track

    planes from the ground during development testing. "We ran into this when trying to get a lock and

    there were two aircraft climbing out. (LAX has four parallel runways). Sometimes the image would

    switch back and forth vigorously until we took steps to bias the lock some way." . If it was obeying
 physics like a normal object that you would encounter in the sky — an aircraft, or a cruise missile, or some
 sort of special project that the government didn't tell you about — that would have made more sense to
 me. The part that drew our attention was how it wasn't behaving within the normal laws of physics. You're
 up there flying, like, "Okay. It's not behaving in a manner that's predictable or is normal by how flying
 objects physically move."


(b)(6)

                : "It's time to get US pilots
  up to snuff on the simple physics that
  explains what they are seeing. I hate to
  say it, but the professors teaching
                                                         6
physics to the military have some
catching up to do and I can help
them."
From looking at the video at the time and more recently, do you get a sense as to how much
heat this thing was giving off?


Well, normally, you would see engines emitting a heat plume. This object was not doing
that. The video shows a source of heat, but the normal signatures of an exhaust plume were
not there.


There was no sign of propulsion.
You could not see the thing that the ATFLIR pod should pick up loo percent of the time: the
source of heat and exhaust that a normal object flying would give youl Former Navy F/A-

  18 fighter pilot Vincent "Jell-O" Aiello expressed a similar reaction to the object in the
   FUR' video during a telephone interview. "Where it looks different to me is that it has

   no wings like an aircraft, and there's no perceptible heat signature from the engines or
   from intakes like an aircraft," he said. "If you're close enough to an actual aircraft and

   you're tracking it, you can see heat spots at different places either leading edges of wings,
                                                                                                L
   where it's hotter because of friction, or exhaust ports from where bleed air comes out,

                                                                   r
   and, of course, the actual exhaust of the engines themselves." Does that make sense?
                                                                                                r
(b)(6)

     "YES! It is exactly what we expect
from metric engineered low-energy
low-speed Alcubierre-type warp drive
using the peculiar "negative
susceptibility tensor" electromagnetic
properties of artificial meta-materials
                                                 7
that are also quantum dot nano-scale
artificial neural networks pumped
externally into a Frohlich macro-
quantum coherent "active mailer"
nonequilibrium quasi-stable state
(Self Organizing Critical Point)
feedback control loops between
classical electromagnetic control fields
and the Frohlich quantum order
parameter of the meta-material's
quantum dot network."
Yeah, it does.
Like, no method of propulsion or exhaust — and the exhaust part of it was the thing that kind of
made me raise my eyebrows and be like, "Okay, this is interesting."

Were you approaching the Tic Tac head-on? Some people have suggested The main source

 for this theory is a longtime contributor to the Skeptical Inquirer, retired Air Force Major James
                                                                                                        p
 McGaha, whose primary flight experience, per his bio with the skeptic's group < Caution-

 haps://centerforinquiry.org/speakersimegaha_james/ > , is with large C-130 military transport

 aircraft. Not fighter jets, in other words, nor their instruments,   that the Tic Tac's rapid leftward
movement toward the end of the video was actually the result of your F/A-18 banking to the
right and dragging the camera along with it.
We were pointed nose-on to it. Maybe 10 to 20 degrees of azimuth Azimuth is a horizontal angular

 measurement between a fixed direction, which in this flight navigation case is straight-ahead of the
                                                                                                        -
 aircraft, and an object or location. In aviation, azimuth is paired with a vertical angular measurement

 called altitude, which should not be confused with the more common use of the word as a synonym for

 elevation.   either left or right.
                                                       8
Ergo, when the object kind of darts away to the left—
I was not aggressively maneuvering the aircraft in the manner that would make the FLIR pod would do
that Underwood's recollections on this were corroborated by Steven T. Cummings, a former technical

 director for Raytheon Integrated Defense Systems who worked on ATFLIR in its R&D phase and

 reviewed the FLIRt video for this story. That said, Cummings made a point of adding that he will

 remain skeptical about most of the Nimitz UFO witness' accounts until the military releases more
                                                                                                       1
 electronic data from the incident. . But look: At that point, I did not actually see the object aggressively
accelerate to the left, as the video shows, to actually prove that.

Because you were at a distance where you couldn't make visual contact with your own
eyes—
Right.

And so what's happening in the video is a little ambiguous as a result.
Right. Yeah. And that part kind of sucks, because I can't confirm that the object aggressively accelerated
that way. But I have my feelings, based off of my experience with my equipment — and also just logic,
when it comes to, you know, physics.

I want to ask you some questions based on theories that America's armchair skeptics have
put forward — like whether it was birds, or whether it was some sort of thermal weather
event. I mean, I'm sure you have had enough flight time that you've seen birds.


Yup. Birds normally fly close to the surface of the ground. So, for example, you're not going to see birds
flying at 5,000 feet. You're going to see them more down at like 2,000 feet and below, like down to the
surface. That's just kind of how birds normally operate. And they're typically not alone. So you can you can
physically see them, in a flock or whatever. You don't see birds at 5,000 or 10,000 or 20,000 feet. That's
just not how birds operate. So birds are out of the question.

And just so that I anticipate your next question: There are weather balloons that people launch, but this
was not a weather balloon — because a balloon, it just ascends and floats from low to high altitude; it
doesn't behave erratically. I mean, it's just a damn balloon. So that was out of the question.

It wasn't — to the best of my knowledge — a cruise missile or any other kind of test aircraft
that we possibly may have not known about, just because of the way it was behaving. Like I
said, it was just very erratic. It would go from like 50 feet off the ground, which when you're out
in the open ocean, you know, off the coast of San Diego, it looked like it was just hovering
over the water. But there was no method of propulsion that was keeping it airborne: no
wings, no heat, keeping it airborne or aloft.

Have you ever seen a weather event on an ATFLIR?
I would say if I captured this object on my sensors independently, like I was the only one that saw it or
tracked it, I might have blown it off as something like a weather event. But the amount of people and
sensors from other independent sources who found it — given the time period Dave Fravor saw it, and an
hour and a half later I went out and saw it, and we captured basically an object with the same description
— leads me to believe that a weather event would be unlikely.

                                                        9
Did it surprise you or provide any kind of relief seeing the Navy officially declare the Tic
Tac video genuine Before the New York Times vetted and published the FLIR1 video, the short clip

 floated around samizdat-style on various online UFO forums, a situation that had led

 skeptics < Caution-https://www.metabunk.org/2004-uss-nimitz-tic-tac-ufo-flir-footage-

 fliri.t9190/#post-214103 > and "galaxy brain" conspiracy theorists < Caution-

 https://www.reddit.com/r/UF0s/comments/akevcb/highly_suspicious_first_upload_of nimitz_fliri

 / > to suspect that the video was a hoax perpetrated by the first known group to host the video on its

 servers, a German 3-D animation company called Vision Unlimited <Caution-https://www.vision-

 unlimited.de/ > . In an interview with aGerman paranormal-news website < Caution-

 https://www.grenzwissenschaft-aktuell.de/nimitz-ufo-video-trace-to-film-production-company-leads-

 to-mysterious-dead-end20171230/ > , Vision Unlimited manager Philip Schneider said the video was

 not its work product, but could not explain why its servers were hosting it all the way back in 2007.
and a genuine UAP when that happened in the Washington Post < Caution-
https://www.washingtonpost.com/national-security/2o19/09/18/those-ufo-videos-are-real-navy-says-
please-stop-saying-ufo/ > last September?
No, not surprised. Validation for sure.

This might be a good time to talk about what the mood was on the Nimitz after all of this.


Once I landed, I saw one of my buddies from my sister squadron. He said, "Hey, did you see something out
there too?," in a very jokey manner. And I was like, "Actually, MFer, because I know you want to make fun
of me, I got it here on video." Although, I didn't say "MFer." I said the actual term. He's a good friend of
mine, so it was in jest. We pop the tapes into the playback machine. I'm like, "Here, this is where it is."
Those little video cuts In a podcast interview < Caution-

 https://youtu.be/CAWNDSiiffw?t=3768 > earlier this year, Sean Cahill (Princeton's Chief-Master-at-

 Arms) recalled that the name of this shortened FLIRi video, the only version that the public has seen,

 was named "14November_condensed or something like that." As Cahill told < Caution-

 https://youtu.be/CAWNDSiiffw?t=3789 > the podcast's host, Alejandro Rojas, the video file was

 shared widely by crew members of the Nimitz and the Princeton using the carrier group's low-

 bandwidth, circa 2004 Secret Internet Protocol Router Network < Caution-


                                                     10
 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SIPRNet > (SIPRNet), before much later being published by the New

 York Times in December 2017. — that you see of my FLIR recording — were taken there at the
intelligence center. What they do with it from there, I don't have a whole lot to deal with.

When I was still in my flight gear, so probably within about 20 minutes or so, I spoke to someone that I
assume was from NORAD. I described it exactly as I just told you. I didn't get debriefed. The interesting
thing was, normally, if you see something out in the middle of the ocean that's a test project, we would et
debriefed on it, one-on-one, in a dark room. Whether it's from the folks at Edwards test sit Since the

 end of World War II, Edwards Air Force Base has been one of the premiere testing sites for new U.S.

 military aircraft, and later home to NASA's Armstrong Flight Research Center for the testing of

 advanced spacecraft. Naturally, Edwards has been a perennial subject of American UFO lore —

 including an extended October 7, 1965 sighting < Caution-

 https://archive.org/details/UFOOverEdwardsAFB > in which base personnel struggled for over five

 hours to identify a series of mystery objects invading their airspace. Some fun, less intuitive trivia: The

 base also has its own folklore about a desert Bigfoot creature they call Yucca Man < Caution-

 https://longreads.com/2018/04/25/the-known-unknown-tales-of-the-yucca-man/ > . or something
like that. "Hey, yes, we were testing a project. This is what you saw." Without going into great detail, it will
be like, "Yes. This is project `Umptysquar and, basically, "This is what you saw. Don't talk about it."
That never happened, which leads me to think that it was not a government project A

 former fighter pilot currently working with the Tailhook Association, who spoke on

 condition of anonymity, corroborated this idea that the lack of a formal debrief for

 Underwood describing a top-secret aircraft would be suggestive of something more

 unusual than a classified test-flight program. •

Or, at least, not one—
Not one that they wanted to give any acknowledgment of. And, you know, I've got top-secret clearance
with a ton of special-project clearances. So, it's not like I wasn't cleared to know. But, as I'm sure you've
found in your research, to have clearance to know something, you have to have both the clearance that it's
elevated to and you have to have the "need to know" it. And, clearly, whatever it was, if it was a
government project, I did not need to know.

Yeah. Understood. Here's something I'm curious about, because of this NORAD aspect: Did
it come up that this telephone debriefing was maybe involved with something called an
Operations Event Incident Report or NORAD's OPREP-3 reporting system?

                                                       11
    Documents made public via the Freedom of Information Act, alongside other government documents

    including < Caution-http://ufos-documenting-the-evidence.blogspot.com/2016/06/oprep-3-classified-

    us-military_8.html > "Air Force Instruction 10-206 Operational Reporting" (AFI 10-206) published

    by the Secretary of the United States Air Force (SEC—USAF) on October 15th, 2008, have indicated thaTI

    a US military—wide secured reporting channel dubbed OPREP-3 for "operational report category 3
,
    Event/Incident" have become a primary means of delivering realtime information on UFO incidents up

    the national security chain of command, from the service members tracking the object up through to

    the White House. Documents released via FOIA have shown < Caution-http://ufos-documenting-the-

    evidence.blogspot.com/2016/06/oprep-3-classified-us-militaiy.html > the OPREP-3 channel used to

    deliver information about a spate of Oct, 30th, 1975, UFO events at Wurtsmith Air Force Base in

    Michigan, and overlapping sightings at Loring Air Force Base in Maine, among others.
Honestly, Matt, I have no idea. Like like what level up to who I was talking to. I just wanted to answer
them. I was just basically handed a telephone and said, "Hey. Answer these questions."

Fair enough. So, Between talking to the NORAD guy and Fravor going public, there's a
several-year period where this is just like a thing that happened in your life. Did it come up
very often at all?


There would be associations. I would be sitting at lunch five years later with some of my colleagues.
Rumors tend to have legs. "Hey, you were out on the Nimitz in '04. Someone told me about some alien
spacecraft." And I'm like, "Well, (i) the video that you see is my video. And no, I've never said that this is
what I think it was or speculate as to what I think it was. That's not my job. But I saw something. And it
was also seen, via eyeballs, by both my commanding officer, Dave Fravor, and the Marine
Corps Hornet squadron commanding officer who was out there as well.

When did you find out Fravor was going to go public? Did a lot of people approach you
during that reporting or afterward?


It's funny, seeing your boss's name and face on the news, given what he was putting out there. You know,
obviously, our encounter happened in 2004 — so a while back — but everything that Dave has put out
there in the interviews is absolutely, 100 percent, exactly what happened on that day. And we're still good
friends to this day, so I started texting him. We had about a two-hour-long phone call and I'd be like,
"Dude. Like what made this pop up?" Like, "Where was this like, you know, 12, 14 years ago?" Now it's 15
years ago. And, I guess, that was when the Pentagon released — whatever project they called it. I can't
even remember it.


                                                       12
AATIP.
Yeah. AATIP The Pentagon's Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program (AATIP) ostensibly

    ran from 2007 to 2012 with a budget of about $22 million. It was preceded by, and may have
,
    overlapped with, another Defense Intelligence Agency program, dubbed the Advanced Aerospace
                                                                                                           -
    Weapon System Applications Program (AAWSAP), with a wider and weirder purview < Caution-

    https://www.thedrive.com/the-war-zone/20797/the-pentagon-paid-for-these-reports-on-warp-drive-
,
    extra-dimensions-anti-gravity-and-more > that included "dark energy and the manipulation of extra

    dimensions < Caution-

    https://medialasvegasnow.cominxsglobal/lasvegasnow/document_dev/2018/05/04/Warp_Drive_D

    ark_Energy_1525479960070_41686974_veri.o.pdf > ." In October 2017 < Caution-

    https://www.nytimes.com/2017/12/18/insider/secret-pentagon-ufo-program.html?hpw&rref=times-

    insider&action=click8rpgtype=Homepage&module=well-region%C2%AEion=bottom-

    well&WT.nar=bottom-well&_r.0 > , New York Times reporter Ralph Blumenthal and longtime UFO
                                                                                                               ,
    researcher Leslie Kean met with a former employee of the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for

    Intelligence (OUSDI), Luis Elizondo, who had been involved with AATIP — and depending on which

    reporters and low-level Pentagon spokespeople you care to trust, may have led the program. Working

    with several other individuals from the U.S. military and intelligence world, and however improbably

    with Blink-182 front man Tom DeLonge, Elizondo and the Times brought news of AATIP — and with it,

    David Fravor's account of the Tic Tac — to the public that December. The extent of the Pentagon's
,
    official involvement declassifying this material is unfortunately still one of the more frustrating,

    unresolved, and contentious aspects of this story two years later. .

Did the New York Times reach out to you? Ask for background just to confirm anything?
No.

Interesting.
Not that I really care. At no point did I want to speculate as to what I thought this thing was — or be
associated with, you know, "alien beings" and "alien aircraft" and all that stuff. I'm like, "No. I do not want
to be part of that community." It is just what we call a UFO. I couldn't identify it. It was flying. And it was
an object. It's as simple as that.
                                                         13
    Yeah.
    I'll let the nerds, like, do the math on what it was likely to be. I just happened to be the person that
    brought back the video.

                              SIGN UP FOR THE INTELLIGENCER NEWSLETTER
                       Daily news about the politics, business, and technology shaping our world.
                                                       Email [Sign up]


           Terms & Privacy Notice < Caution-http://nymag.com/newyork/terms/ > < Caution-
                                http://nymag.cominewyork/privacy/ >
    RELATED

•   13 Reasons to Believe Aliens Are Real

    < Caution-http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2018/03/13-reasons-to-believe-aliens-are-real.html >

    TAGS:
•   UFOS < Caution-http://nyrnag.coin/tags/ufos/ >
•   TIC TAC < Caution-http://nymag.com/tags/tic-tac/ >
•   CHAD UNDERWOOD < Caution-http://nymag.com/tags/chad-underwood/ >
•   USS NIMITZ < Caution-http://nymag.com/tags/uss-nimitz/ >
•   MORE < Caut ion-http://nymag.com/intel ligencer/201 9/ 1 2/tic-tac-u fo-video-q-and-a-with-navy-p i lot-chad-
    underwood.html# >

    LEAVE A COMMENT < Caution-http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2019/12/tic-tac-ufo-video-q-and-a-with-navy-
    pilot-chad-underwood.html#comments >


    Error! Filename not specified.


    Sent from iCIoud


                                                               14
 From: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (US) (b)(6)
 Date: Tuesday, Jan 14, 2020, 6:35 PM
 To: (b)(6)          CD/ DIA (US) (b)(6)                              , Cummings, Matthew C (Matt) SES OSD OUSD INTEL (US)
 (b)(6)                                   (b)(6)                         ICIV OPNAV, N2N6SE (b)(6)
  arranza, ui ermo '   II I 111 (US) (b)(6)
 Cc: (b)(6)          IV OPNAV N2\N6         1          (b)(6)                          Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN ONI
 WASHINGTON DC (USA' (b)(6)                                 , Tipton, Neill T SES OSD OUSD INTEL (US)
 (b)(6)

 Subject: FW: (b)(6)          clarification response

 Gentlemen,
 Below is (b)(6)            response to my request for clarification on one of his questions (I've put his current four at the
 bottom) We need to discuss. The fact that he was giving access to a report from BAAS from years ago (b)(5)
(b)(5)                                                                                  I would like to discuss in person, if
 possible. I will not be in the office tomorrow. What is your available on Thursday or Friday?


ithltR1 , including Navy in this mainly because I don't know how/whether the report he mentions touches on Navy UAP
   reporting & investigations.

 Regards,
 Sue

 From: (b)(6)
 Sent: Tuesday, January 14, 2020 4:28 PM
                                                                  i
                                         (b)(6)
To: Gough, Susan I (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
Subject: Re: (Non-DOD Source] (MEDIA REQUEST- TIME SENSITIVE) Request For Popular Mechanics


All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the
authenticity of all links contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web
browser.


Ms. Gough,

Thank you for your reply and I apologize for not being more concise with my question. In effort to
best clarify this specific question, along with the others I sent you, it's probably advantageous to share
some information I'm attempting to verify, which was provided to me by non-government sources. If
accurate, it could potentially offer an explanation for some of the confusion or contention you've
inherited and had to deal with on this particular topic.

Confidentiality Notice: The following content shall not be disclosed outside the
Government, and shall not he duplicated, used, or disclosed - in whole or in part- for
any purpose other than to evaluate and/or be utilized by the Government to assist in
the production and/or publication of statements, comments, materials, or information
which is expressly considered for attributable public release. This confidentiality notice
is made in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 552 (b)(4) and the Trade Secret Act, 18 U.S.C. 1905.

Recently, I was allowed to examine a "10 Month Report" produced in 2009 by Bigelow Advanced
Aerospace Studies, which I was told was produced as part of their involvement with the Advanced
Aviation Weapons Systems Applications Program (AAWSAP) for the DIA. The entirety of the report
(494 pages) exclusively discussed matters related to UAP. The report is marked as "classified
proprietary information" and did not contain any data or information that was obtained through
Government resources.

Examining the original solicitation for AAWSAP (# HHM4o2-08-R-0211) it appears the acquisition
was set-aside 100% for "small business," which, to my understanding, would mean non-Government,
non-competitive data produced by the program would be subject to the Small Business Innovative
Research rights clause and restricted from release by the Government unless provided express
permission by Bigelow Aerospace. This is the basis for the third question I was hoping you could be
able to verify - "In regards to the contract award for AA WSAF' to Bigelow Aerospace (BAAS) can you
tell me if the data rights granted to the government in association with noncommercial data
collected by BAAS was considered Unlimited; Government Purpose; Specifically Negotiated
License; Small Business Innovative Research; or Limited?"

When it comes to my first question that you asked me to clarify, ultimately I'm trying to determine if
it is possible whether or not someone may using an "unconventional" definition for the word "foreign"
in the stated purpose of AAWSAP. In essence, could the word "foreign" have been coyly used to
incorporate studies related to UAP? Even if this was done solely on the part of BAAS; or is there other
                                                         2
 information produced by the AAWSAP program that demonstrates UAP was not a part of the
 program?

 In regards to my 4th question about Mr. Elizondo, I was given information suggesting in 2011 the
 AAWSAP was unfunded, however, it was not "formally closed down." Having taken a particular
 interest in the UAP component that's said to have gone on in AAWSAP, while at OUSD(I) Mr.
 Elizondo may have unofficially continued to look into UAP events in conjunction with his official roles
 within the NPSMS office. I understand it is difficult, if not impossible, for you to try and provide an
 attributable comment on what sounds like could an "unofficial" or personal "assignment" on Mr.
 Elizondo's part, however, anything you might be able to provide which you think could be germane to
 this question would be helpful. Potentially, I should amend my question to also asking if its possible
 to acknowledge whether or not Mr. Elizondo's role while with the DoD would have provided him
 access to reports of UAP events.

 I apologize for the long-winded email, but I hope giving you some background on what I've been provided
 might be of some assistance in trying to track information down. I understand this is likely a subject you've
 enjoyed being hounded with since taking over as the "UAP point-person," but I do very much appreciate your
 assistance.

 Best Wishes,
(b)(6)


(b)(6)

 Investigative Writer and Research Consultant
 Phone: (b)(6)
 Website: caution-www.LtTimMcMillan.com <Caution-http://www (b)(6)

 Confidentiality Notice - The content of this electronic mail transmission may contain information that is
 confidential, privileged, proprietary, or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure. If you are not the intended
 recipient, you are hereby notified that you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or disseminate this
 message, any part of it, or any attachments. If you have received this in error, please delete this message and
 any attachments from your system without reading the content and notify the sender immediately of the
 inadvertent transmission. There is no intent on the part of the sender to waive any privilege, including legal-
 client privilege that may be attached to this communication. Additionally, the content of this electronic mail
 transmission shall also not be disclosed outside of any Government agencies or entities whom are the
 intended and authorized recipient. This includes any duplication, use, or disclosure - in whole or in
 part- for any purpose other than evaluation or utilization in the manner proscribed in the content.
 Unless specifically stated, the content of this electronic mail transmission is considered exempt from
 disclosure under The Freedom of Information Act in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 552(3)(4) and the
 Trade Secret Act, 18 U.S.C. 1905. Thank you for your cooperation.


 On Tue, Jan 14, 2020 at 7:52 PM Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
 (b)(6)
                              < Caution-mailto: (b)(6)               >> wrote:

 !MIR1
  I need some clarification on your first question. When you say, "under the definition being used, ...," what term are you
  talking about — the definition of what? Also, where you ask about the term "foreign," are you asking about the use of
  the term in my previous statement, or are you asking about using that term outside of AATIP to describe "UAP
  encounters or events involving technology that was not readily identified"?

  Regards,
                                                             3
Sue

      • The following statement has been attributed to you by several outlets recently, "Neither AATIP
         nor AAWSAP were UAP related. The purpose of AAUP was to Investigate foreign
         advanced aerospace weapons system applications with future technology projections
         over the next 40 years, and to create a center of expertise on advanced aerospace
         technologies." Under the definition being used, could the term 'foreign" be used to describe
         UAP encounters or events involving technology that was not readily identified?
      • In a previous statement regarding the release of the 3 UAP videos, you told me, "The two
         2015 videos appeared in the New York Times in December 2017. At that time,
         AFOSI conducted an investigation,focusing on the class(fication of the
         information in the video." Since the videos were originally captured by the Navy, the
         Navy was listed as the OCA on the DD Form 1910 for their release, and the videos are still
         retain in position of the Navy, can you elaborate on why AFOSI conducted the investigation
         into the classification of the information in the video?

   • In regards to the contract award for AAWSAP to Bigelow Aerospace (BAAS) can you tell me if
      the data rights granted to the government in association with noncommercial data collected
      by BAAS was considered Unlimited; Government Purpose; Specifically Negotiated License;
      Small Business Innovative Research; or Limited?
   • In regards to Mr. Luis Elizondo's claims of running a UAP investigation program while serving
      as a director within the National Programs Security Management Office, is it possible that Mr.
      Elizondo conducted these matters unofficially and not as a component of his stated job role
      with of OUSD(i). In effect, was he looking into UAP in an unofficial capacity during his time with
      DoD?
Thank you again for your help.
Best Wishes,
(b)(6)


                   (Ret.)
nves              er and Research Consultant
Phone.
                                 (b)(6)
Website: au ion- au ion-vvww                          < Caution-http://Caution-Caution-
www    (b)(6)                   < Caution-Caution-http://www (b)(6)                < Caution-
http://www (b)(6)                  >

Confidentiality Notice - The content of this electronic mail transmission may contain information that is
confidential, privileged, proprietary, or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure. If you are not the intended
recipient, you are hereby notified that you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or disseminate this
message, any part of it, or any attachments. If you have received this in error, please delete this message and
any attachments from your system without reading the content and notify the sender immediately of the
inadvertent transmission. There is no intent on the part of the sender to waive any privilege, including legal-
client privilege that may be attached to this communication. Thank you for your cooperation.


                                                        4
  (b)(6)
                                 CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)

  From:                                Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
  Sent:                                Tuesda Janua 14, 2020 4:21 PM
  To:                                                 CIV (US); ( 3)(6)             CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); (b)(6)
                                                           CIV WHS ESD (USA); Carranza, Guillermo R SES OSD OGC (USA);
                                       Cummings, Matthew C (Matt) SES OSD OUSD INTEL (USA)
  Cc:                                 (b)(6)                CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN ONI
                                       WASHINGTON DC (USA); Tipton, Neill T SES OSD OUSD INTEL (USA)
  Subject:                             Proposed Responses to (b)(6)
  Signed By:                          (b)(6)


  Categories:                         Green Category


-FO-R-Off-I-C-K-L-U-S-E-0-0-0-R-D+NA-T4O-N-C-0-M-M-ENT-S-AN-8-P-Re-P05-ED-A-NSWERS-A-R-E-EX-E141)-T- F-11-0M-FetkUNB-ER-
 EXEMPTION (b)(5)—

  Folks, received four questions on AATIP, UAPs, and Elizondo from Tim McMillan, a freelance reporter ("investigative
  writer and research consultant) who has asked questions before. Need review/input from several offices:

           (b)(6)
  Q1-               and (b)(6)
  Q2 - DOPSR and OUSD(I)
  Q3 - (b)(6)
  04 - Bill Carranza and OUSD(I) - Matt Cummings, I particularly need someone who can speak for National Programs
  Security Management Office/National Programs Security Management Staff to weigh in; the only contacts I had there
  are contractors (John Kirkbride and Allen Hanslovan).

  Regards,
  Sue

  (Q1) The following statement has been attributed to you by several outlets recently, "Neither AATIP nor AAWSAP were
  UAP related. The purpose of AATIP was to investigate foreign advanced aerospace weapons system applications with
  future technology projections over the next 40 years, and to create a center of expertise on advanced aerospace
  technologies." Under the definition being used, could the term "foreign" be used to describe UAP encounters or events
  involving technology that was not readily identified?
(b)(5)


  (Q2) In a previous statement regarding the release of the 3 UAP videos, you told me, "The two 2015 videos appeared in
  the New York Times in December 2017. At that time, AFOSI conducted an investigation, focusing on the classification
  of the information in the video." Since the videos were originally captured by the Navy, the Navy was listed as the OCA
  on the DD Form 1910 for their release, and the videos are still retain in position of the Navy, can you elaborate on why
  AFOSI conducted the investigation into the classification of the information in the video?

(b)(5)


                                                               1
  (Q3) In regards to the contract award for AAWSAP to Bigelow Aerospace (BAAS) can you tell me if the data rights
  granted to the government in association with noncommercial data collected by BAAS was considered Unlimited;
  Government Purpose; Specifically Negotiated License; Small Business Innovative Research; or Limited?
(b)(5)


  (Q4) In regards to Mr. Luis Elizondo's claims of running a UAP investigation program while serving as a director within
  the National Programs Security Management Office, is it possible that Mr. Elizondo conducted these matters unofficially
  and not as a component of his stated job role with of OUSD(i). In effect, was he looking into UAP in an unofficial
  capacity during his time with DoD?
(b)(5)


                                                              2
 From:                   Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
 Sent:                   Wednesday, December 4, 2019 9:36 AM
 To:                    (b)(6)                CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); (b)(6)       CIV (US); (b)(6)
                        (b)(6)       CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); (b)(6)            CIV USAF SAF-PA (US)
 Cc:                     Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN ON1WASHINGTON DC (USA); Tipton, Neill T SES OSD
                         OUSD INTEL (USA); Cummings, Matthew C (Matt) SES OSD OUSD INTEL (USA); (b)(6)
                        (b)(6)
                                   CIV (US)
 Subject:                RE: Draft Responses to Greenewald on UAPs and AATIP
 Signed By:             (b)(6)


 Categories:             Green Category


 Thanks,,,„ .   b)(5)

(b)(5)


 Regards,
 Sue
From:                             Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
Sent:                            Thursda , Februa 20, 2020 3:29 PM
To:                                                    C1V USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
                                                                                                    (b)(6)
Cc:                                                     CAPT USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA);
                                  USN NIA WASHINGTON DC (USA); (b)(6)                          USN CHINFO WASHINGTON
                                  DC (USA); (b)(6)                 :Iv USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); (b)(6)
                                  USN COMNAVAIRPAC SAN CA (USA); Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN ON!
                                 WASHINGTON DC (USA); (b)(6)                        ICIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); ())(6)
                                (b)(6)             USN (USA); (b)(6)
                                                                                        I USN CHINFO WASHINGTON DC
                                  (USA); ")                       USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); OPNAV N2N6I Front Office;
                                 OPNAV ALL N2N6 Front Office
Subject:                          RE: Questions from (b)(6)           Ion Daily Mail comments by NIMTZ CO
Signed By:                       (b)(6)
                                                            I


I'll reply back to him. Would it be appropriate to remark that ship captains are empowered to answer questions of
embarked media, along the lines of the below?

(b)(5) (b)(6)


Regards,
Sue
                                                       (b)(6)
     From: "Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)"
     Date: Monday, April 13, 2020 at 12:29:04 PM
     To: (b)(6)               tIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)" egailOIMP
     "Stratton, John F (Jay) S S USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA)" (b)(6)
     "Cummings, Matthew C (Matt) SES OSD OUSD INTEL (USA)"
    (b)(6)                                   "Carranza, Guillermo R SES OSD OGC (USA)"
   (b)(6)                                 (b)(6)                     ICIV OSD OGC (USA)"
   (b)(6)                                    (b)(6)                IMN (USA)"
(
  (b)(6)                          (b)(6)                 pSN   CHINFO WASHINGTON DC
     (USA)" (b)(6)                       I
     Subject: Proposed DoD Statement on telease of Navy Videos

  Folks,

  Please see attached for review/comment/coordination chop. As many of you are aware, we will
  be releasing three historical Navy videos under FOIA, possibly as early as Thursday, depending
  on how long the FOIA DLI process takes.

  The intent is to do a simultaneous release: as soon as the videos are up on the NAVAIR FOIA
  reading room, OSD will release the attached statement (without the Q&A; the Q&A is for PA
  use).

  Regards,
  Sue
  OSD(PA)


                                                 2
Page 173 of 264

(b)(5)
From: OSD Pentagon PA Mailbox Duty Officer Press Operations (b)(6)
Sent; Monday, April 27, 2020 9:40 AM
To: OSD Pentagon PA Mailbox Duty Officer Press Operations (b)(6)
Subject: Statement by the Department of Defense on the release of historical Navy videos

Media colleagues,


The below statement is attributable to Ms. Sue Gough, Pentagon spokesperson.

The Department of Defense has authorized the release of three unclassified Navy videos, one taken in November 2004
and the other two in January 2015, which have been circulating in the public domain after unauthorized releases in 2007
and 2017. The U.S. Navy previously acknowledged that these videos circulating in the public domain were indeed Navy
videos. After a thorough review, the department has determined that the authorized release of these unclassified
videos does not reveal any sensitive capabilities or systems, and does not impinge on any subsequent investigations of
military air space incursions by unidentified aerial phenomena. DOD is releasing the videos in order to clear up any
misconceptions by the public on whether or not the footage that has been circulating was real, or whether or not there
is more to the videos. The aerial phenomena observed in the videos remain characterized as "unidentified." The
released videos can be found at the Naval Air Systems Command FOIA Reading Room:
https://www.navair.navy.mil/foia/documents.


Regards,
Duty Officer
Defense Public Affairs Operations


                                                           2
From: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
Sent: Tuesday, August 18, 2020 1:11 PM
To: (b)(6)             CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)                              ; Cummings, Matthew C (Matt) SES
OSD OUSD INTEL (USA) (b)(6)
Cc: Carranza, Guillermo R SES OSD OGC (USA) (b)(6)
Subject: UAPTF Query Air Forces Monthly magazine
 Importance: High


     & Matt,
(h)(6
 Please see my proposed responses/where I need inputs to below query, from Rob Coppinger with Air Forces Monthly
 magazine, part of Key Publishing, out of the UK. Pretty much pulled or extrapolated from the RIO Q&As -- underlined
 phrases are changes/additions to the Ft-1Q Q&As Comments to you guys/requests for input are indicated by square
 brackets [ ] and astericks I*** ***].


 Oh, I know he says his deadline is Aug. 24, but Mr. Hoffman is briefing tomorrow afternoon, so I'd like to get this done
 before then.

 Regards,
Sue

**********


To whom it may concern,

I am the Associate Editor for Air Forces Monthly magazine. I have some questions about the recent UAPTF
announcement. My deadline is Aug. 24.


1 While Deputy Secretary of Defense David L Norquist approved the establishment of the Unidentified Aerial
Phenomena Task Force (UAPTF) when do you expect the UAPTF to start its first day of actual work?

(b)(5)
  2. Which part of the Department of the Navy will be responsible for the UAPTF, the Office of Naval Intelligence, for
  example?
 (b)(5)


  3. Of the other armed services, which part of the USAF and the Army would lead their participation in the UAPTF? For
  example, would the AFRL be the part of the Air Force that led the USAF's participation?
(b)(5)


  4. If the mission of the task force is to detect UAP are you going to ask the Army, Navy and Air Force to deploy units
  (we're only interested in units that fly) to detect these UAP?

 (b)(5)


  5. As part of your detect, analyze and catalog UAP process are you providing new reporting rules that would be adopted
  by the USAF, Army and Navy, in particular for their pilots?
 (b)(5)


  6. How many staff do you expect to be directly working for the UAPTF when it is fully operational and what will its
  annual budget be?

(b)(5)


  7. If the NDAA FY2021 becomes law, do you expect the UAPTF to produce a public/unclassified report 180 days after the
  bill is signed into law?

 (b)(5)


                                                               3
(b)(6)
                               USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)

  From:                             Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
  Sent:                             Tuesday, August 18, 2020 3:41 PM
  To:                              (b)(6)               CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); Bray, Scott W SES OPNAV N2N6,
                                    N2N6I; Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
                                   (b)(6)                 CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); (b)(6)
  Cc:                                                                                                  U SN NIA
                                    WASHINGTON DC (USA); OPNAV N2N6I Front Office; (" 6)                  USN
                                    DCNO N2N6 (USA). Cummings, Matthew C (Matt) SES OSD OUSD INTEL (USA); Brown,
                                   Sandra SES USN NIA WASHINGTON DC (USA)
  Subject:                          RE: UAPTF Query Air Forces Monthly magazine QUICK TURN NEEDED
  Signed By:                       (b)(6)


  IOR °maim. USE ONLY//PRE DECISIONAL/EXEMPT MOM rOIA UNDER (b) (5)

  In a previous draft of the press release and Q&As, OGC cut out the references to coordinating with other govt agencies,
  including other Intel agencies, so I would not add it back in here. Perhaps go with:

(b)(5)


  (and in follow-on, if he asks again about budget, the response would be that coordinating bodies don't have their own
  budget lines)

  Regards,
  Sue
(b)(6)
                             TR OSD PA (USA)

                                   (b)(6)                                            (b)(6)
 From:                                                 CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
 Sent:                              Monday, August 24 2020 11:38 AM
 To:                                Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA); Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN DCNO N2N6
                                    (USA)
 Cc:                                Bray, Scott W SES OPNAV N2N6, N2N61; (" 6)                    CIV USN DCNO N2N6
                                    (USA); (3)(6)                 JSN NIA WASHINGTON DC (USA); Norfolk, (b)(6)
                                    CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
 Subject:                           John Greenewald's latest story

 Categories:                        UAP AATIP Elizondo UFO


(b)(5)


 Regards,

 (b)(6)


 Evidence of U.S. Navy Involvement in UFO Program May Have Been Destroyed

 The Black Vault, 24 August 2020... by

 In April of 2020, the Department of Defense (DOD) shocked the world by releasing three videos they considered
 Unidentified Aerial Phenomena or UAPs. Although the three videos had already leaked and had been in the public
 domain for years, the official release of them represented a continued aura of transparency surrounding the UFO issue
 by the Navy, when all other military branches have been primarily silent on the issue. However, it appears that
 transparency may have morphed back into a shroud of secrecy. A string of Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests
 filed by The Black Vault, one which recently went through the appeal process, may have completely crushed the hopes
 that the Navy would reveal startling new information about their connection to the Pentagon's UFO study known as
 AATIP. This two and a half year effort by The Black Vault may also foreshadow future secrecy which may surround the
 recently announced "UAP Task Force."

 Navy and the AATIP

 The Navy's involvement in the Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program, or AATIP, was first revealed in
 February of 2018. In an interview with Luis Elizondo, the man who says he ran the secret UFO study, he called out the
 Navy specifically as one of the sources for UFO case files that he utilized while working within the Pentagon.

 "AATIP receives the cases from various different channels, so where our office sat at the top of the Office of the
 Secretary of Defense, we had multiple avenues of approach," Elizondo said in a recorded video to Open Minds TV. "So
 you had, in some cases, reporting would come up through Navy channels; in other cases it would come up through Air
 Force channels; in other cases it would come through the intelligence community; and as the focal point, if you will, for
 this capability, all roads I guess lead to Rome in this particular case. All roads led to our office regarding the
 phenomena."


                                                             1
Using this testimony, The Black Vault filed FOIA request DON-NAVY-2018-005476 on March 15, 2018, with the Navy.
Within weeks, the request yielded a denial that any records existed pertaining to AATIP. The letter claimed that not a
single photograph, video, report, letter, or memo existed within the Navy's possession, that was supplied to, sent to or
received from, the AATIP program which operated within the Pentagon.

Although no appeal was filed by The Black Vault at the time, another shred of evidence presented itself in September of
2019, when Swedish researcher and journalist Roger Glassel received a statement from the Navy. "The AATIP program
involved offices from across the Department of Defense, including Navy," spokesperson Joseph Gradisher told Glassel.
"Details remain classified. For additional information, I would refer you to the Department of Defense."

This statement offered a second irrefutable piece of evidence, which came from the Navy itself, that the AATIP and the
Navy worked hand in hand in some capacity while the program was running. So, within days of that statement being
given to Glassel, The Black Vault refiled the request previously denied, in which the Navy spokesperson's statement was
added as additional proof that records should exist. That request was identified as FOIA Case DON-NAVY-2019-011490.

Despite the new evidence, the second request yielded the same denial as the first.

The Appeal

It took much longer to deny on the second go-around, but this request was also given a "no records" determination by
the Navy. However, this time, The Black Vault appealed the decision and filed appeal case NAVY-2020-003752.

Armed with Navy spokesperson Gradisher's statement, and with Elizondo's added testimony, it was felt that between
the two, grounds for an appeal were met that a proper search was not done, and responsive records should exist.

The appeal was processed, and just like the requests which came before it, was denied. However, with a FOIA appeal,
denials are not simply "no records" determinations. Rather, they offer much more detail, case law, and citations on why
a case is denied. This additional legalese is due to the fact that the next step beyond an appeal, is litigation, so agencies,
along with their lawyers, often try to dot their l's and cross their T's when it gets to this point.

'though many FOIA cases related to AATIP have come up empty, and many are still pending, this particular FOIA appeal
denial represents the first seeking AATIP records that The Black Vault is aware of. With it, the Navy has likely set a legal
precedent on how certain pieces of information are handled when submitted to the DOD within a FOIA request/case.
And the precedent, does not offer a promising future for transparency and openness on the UAP issue.

"Your appeal is a request for a final agency determination under the FOIA. For the reasons set forth below, I must deny
your appeal," E. J. Osterhues from the General Litigation Division of the Judge Advocate General's office said in the
letter.

What followed were the brutally dry details on why this appeal was denied, and it is with those details that makes this
all incredibly relevant for future research endeavors seeking information related to AATIP.

Breaking Down the Denial

When an appeal is filed, you outline why you feel the agency did not do their lawful duty of searching for records (there
are other reasons to appeal, though not relevant here). In this particular case, this is called an appeal of the "adequacy
of the search." After The Black Vault outlined Elizondo's testimony along with the Navy's statement in the appeal itself,
the Office of the Judge Advocate General then broke down each point and refuted it within their response.

First addressed, was the statement by the Navy spokesperson, which stated that the Navy had a role within the AATIP.
Osterhues claimed that they could not verify the statement. "After receiving your appeal my office researched that
quote and found no evidence Mr. Gradisher made that statement," the letter outlined. "Even if he did, AATIP

                                                               2
involvement by the Navy does not otherwise undermine a reasonable search, nor does it require the Navy to actually
send records to the AATIP."

The seemingly odd part of this, is that the Navy could not even confirm what the Navy had already said. To ensure no
stance by the Navy or DOD had changed, since that has happened before, The Black Vault wrote the Pentagon to ensure
the statement received by Glassel was not only genuine, but still represented the current stance of the department.

It took only hours for the Pentagon to respond. "While Joe Gradisher is away from the office, I can confirm that he did
provide that AS response to Roger Glassel in September 2019 and it is an accurate statement," spokesperson Susan
Gough said in a July 21, 2020, dated email.

It is unclear why the Navy could not do the same to verify the statement, but alas, even if they did verify it, they already
dismissed the relevance of it.

Second, they addressed the testimony of Elizondo. Here, the Navy reiterated a much contested and very controversial
aspect to this entire saga. The DOD denies Elizondo ever had assigned responsibilities on the program, and he did not
serve as the director.

"You argue that Luis Elizondo, a supposed former director of AATIP, stated the organization received records from the
various military services and therefore Navy records must exist," the letter outlined. "However, the Department of
Defense specifically has stated Mr. Elizondo never served as the Director of the AATIP and his statements are pure
speculation that do not otherwise undermine the IDA search."

Although this is not a new claim by the DOD, and Elizondo has addressed this prior, The Black Vault reached out to
Elizondo for another response and reaction. His comments are published here, in full and unedited, to ensure his voice is
heard on the matter:

"I'm greatly disappointed but not surprised. When the U.S. Government's last resort is to refer to a single sourced
opinion article, you know their position is getting desperate. This response is clearly a vindictive effort by some in the
Pentagon to inflict retribution on myself and others for speaking the truth to the American people. It's a failure for any
real journalist to not recognize this is the eighth time the government has changed their position on this matter in the
last three years; even contradicting their previous official statements. There are numerous senior former and current
government officials who have stated for the record my role in AATIP to include the Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid
(the AATIP Program sponsor), Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Intelligence Christopher Mellon, the Secretary
of Defense's own Press Secretary Dana White, numerous senior scientists, contract personnel, and even existing
members of the Taskforce to name only a few. What is intriguing is that despite the overwhelming evidence and
documentation that exists at both the classified and unclassified levels that the government continues to deny
information that is easily verifiable. In essence, calling all of these individuals liars is not only despicable but duplicative
and should cause one to wonder whether there is a real conspiracy to hide the truth to which we are privy. For those
individuals who remain vindictive and untruthful, they will eventually be held accountable for their actions."

To again ensure accuracy and verify that the Navy properly represented the current DOD stance, as rumors have
circulated the DOD was possibly changing its position on Elizondo's role on AATIP, The Black Vault reached out again to
the Pentagon to clarify.

"Regarding Elizondo and the AATIP program, the department's position has not changed. Elizondo had no assigned
responsibilities for AATIP while he was in OUSD(I)," said Gough in another e-mail dated July 31, 2020.

The importance of dismissing the Navy's own spokesperson, along with the testimony of Elizondo at the appeal level, is
that it likely sets a future legal precedent on future FOIA cases, appeals and litigation (the next step in the FOIA process
after an appeal), should the latter ever come to pass. To date, there has been no AATIP related FOIA litigation that is
known.

                                                                3
The question then becomes if the Navy will not consider a statement from their current spokesperson or a former DOD
employee who says he directed the program, who will be allowed to offer up testimony they would take?

Regardless of the answer to the above, there is one takeaway from the appeal letter that is easily missed. After the Navy
dismisses their own spokesperson, along with the testimony of Elizondo, they say one thing that ultimately shuts down
the entire effort to gain access to documents, photographs, videos, or whatever else the Navy supplied the AATIP.

"AATIP was disbanded in 2012 and therefore any records you seek, if they ever existed, may have been permanently
transferred, destroyed, or otherwise no longer able to be located by the IDA [Initial Denial Authority]."

In other words, given the assumption records did exist based on the testimony outlined in the appeal — they are just
gone. Whether the evidence has been shredded into millions of pieces of confetti or it all has been moved to an
undisclosed location that the Navy will not identify, they simply are not there in the eyes of the FOIA.

Elizondo re-affirmed this week to The Black Vault that the Navy did, in fact, supply AATIP information of some kind, but
added, "I cannot comment nor elaborate on the nature and type of information provided to AATIP during my tenure."

Was the Evidence Trasnferred to the Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD)?

If the records were transferred to an undisclosed location, rather than all copies being shredded beyond recognition,
could the location be OSD at the Pentagon?

Despite the controversy behind Elizondo's position on the AATIP, one thing that has never been disputed is his
employment at the DOD, specifically within the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, or OUSDI, a
component of OSD. The hierarchy and structure of OSD gets to be a bit overwhelming to fully understand, but it has
been widely reported that AATIP, UFO research study or not, operated out of OSD/OUSDI where Elizondo worked.

Now, why could this all be a clue? Well, in May of 2019, just after documentation was leaked by KLAS-TV investigative
journalist George Knapp that showed how the Pentagon videos were "released" to the public (later shown to likely be
misreported), a request was filed by The Black Vault to the Navy for the three videos labeled as the FLIR1, Gimbal
(identified on the form as "Gimble") and GoFast. This was FOIA case DON-NAVY-2019-006391.

The response from the Navy just two weeks later? The request needed to be filed to OSD to access the videos and
obtain their release.

The request was immediately refiled to OSD under FOIA case 19-F-1231.

The response from OSD a month after that? The request was forwarded to the Navy for a response.

A phone call was made to the Pentagon to show the FOIA effort to get the FLIR1, Gimbal and GoFast videos was
becoming a ping pong match, bouncing around back and forth between the two agencies. The answer that was given,
was that the the Navy did not have the videos, and through the first FOIA case determined OSD did. The reason OSD
bounced it back to the Navy, was that OSD could not determine if the videos could be released since they were not their
own videos. Rather, OSD sent the videos it had in its possession to the Navy for the review. This is what is called the
"Original Classifying Authority" or OCA. It is the OCA that needs to make the decision if a record can be released. Navy
videos = Navy decision.

That therein lies the possible clue. The three videos released in April by the Navy, are Navy videos, hence why it was the
Navy that released them through NAVAIR. However, what the original FOIA case DON-NAVY-2019-006391 proved, was
that even though those videos were Navy records, the Navy did not have them in their possession. They were
"permanently transferred" (reference the appeal letter language) to OSD, and there they sat until The Black Vault got

                                                             4
the Pentagon to find them, and forward them to the proper OCA for declassification. (It should be noted — The Black
Vault received the final determination for this string of FOIA requests approximately one hour after NAVAIR released the
videos on their website. The end result was a full grant of my FOIA request, and a link to the videos was provided in their
letter. The Black Vault spent nearly a year working on these cases to secure the release of the three videos.)

To test the theory, The Black Vault reached out to Elizondo again regarding the FLIR1, Gimbal and GoFast videos, and
asked about their use (if any) within the AATIP program.

"Yes they were part of Navy resource material, however the nature with which they were obtained I am unable to
comment other than that were through official channels."

Although Elizondo could not expand further, it may be safe to assume that those three Navy videos, which would likely
have been originally obtained from the Navy, is a prime example of material that was sent to OSD/OUSDI — then no
longer held within Navy archives. Once sent, the videos could have been destroyed at the Navy, but retained at OSD,
therefore generating a "no records" determination by the Navy.

If the above is true — what other material may have suffered the same fate at the Navy, but is just waiting to be
discovered at OSD?

The Black Vault has numerous open FOIA requests to OSD since 2017, including multiple FOIA appeal wins, that may play
a role in future AATIP disclosures. This will be reported on when available.

More UAP Videos

A screen grab from the FLIR1 UAP video, which shows the unknown object as captured on camera by the Nimitz Carrier
Strike Group in 2004, off the coast of San Diego.

Despite the alleged absence of material sent to AATIP by the Navy, The Black Vault also pursued the video designation of
"Unidentified Aerial Phenomena" that was given to the FLIR1, Gimbal and GoFast videos, in a much more broader sense.

After the official release of the videos by the Navy in April of 2020, The Black Vault filed FOIA case DON-NAVY-2020-
007226, which asked for other videos with the same "UAP" designation within the Navy's holdings.

In the government record research realm, a general rule of thumb is if there is one (in this case, three), then there are
more. Therefore, the intent was to discover additional videos, or lists of them, that revealed what else was there.

Their official response was a push back that represents one of the biggest conundrums in the FOIA process. In a letter
dated July 15, 2020, the Navy shot the request down.

"We are unable to process your FOIA request. In accordance with 32 C.F.R. § 286.5(a), a requester is required to
reasonably describe the records sought and provide sufficient detail to enable personnel to locate those records with a
reasonable amount of effort."

Here is the conundrum. It is known that the designation "Unidentified Aerial Phenomena" exists. It was revealed by The
Black Vault in September of 2019. Well before the Navy "officially released" the videos, they made comment on the
leaked versions designating them "UAP." However, the Navy said that on this request seeking other videos with the
same designation, it did not reasonably describe the records sought. Apparently, a date, time, location, branch of the
Navy, etc., are all required for the Navy to process this specific request seeking other UAP videos (an appeal is being
pursued).


                                                             5
The conundrum is simply put like this: By law you have a "freedom of information" to know, yet, if you don't know the
exact details which would come from actually utilizing that freedom successfully without pushback, you ultimately lose
that "freedom of information" because you, well, don't have enough information required to access it.

This all may sound confusing, convoluted, and frustrating, and it is.

Though do not be too dismayed by what you just read. Despite the hardships and conundrums of the FOIA process, The
Black Vault's pursuit of the AATIP truth is far from over.

The Black Vault has been told UFO related documents were destroyed in the past, and although it took seventeen full
years, The Black Vault finally found them through research, determination, and never saying "never."

The AATIP truth will be sought after by the same means, no matter how long it may take.

Article


                                                              6
(b)(6)
                                CTR OSD PA (USA)
                                           (b)(6)                                           (b)(6)
 From:                                                             CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
 Sent:                                       Friday, April 16, 2021 8:11 AM
 To:                                        (b)(6)                    :IV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); Bray, Scott W SES USN DCNO N2N6
                                            (USA); Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA); (b)(6)                 (b)(6)
                                            (b)(6)                  (b)(6)                  (OPA) (FBI; (b)(6)           CIV USAF
                                            SAF-PA (USA)
                                             (b)(6)                                                                       (b)(6)
 Cc:                                                            IV (USA); (" 6)             CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA);
                                             (b)(6)     CIV USN NIA WASHINGTON DC (USA); (b)(6)                         USN NIA
                                            WASHINGTON DC (USA); (" 6)                                     CIV USN NIA
                                            WASHINGTON DC (USA); Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA);
                                             (b)(6)                     USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); (b)(6)                   USN DCNO
                                           —N2N6 (USA); (" 6)                   USN CHINFO WASHINGTON DC (USA), (b)(6)
                                             (b)(6)       I.JSN CHINFO WASHINGTON DC (USA) (b)(6)                      1USN CHINFO
                                            WASHINGTON DC (USA); (6)                                 USN (USA); (b)(6)
                                           (b)(6)
                                                                  USN (USA); Brown, Charles W RDML USN (USA); Rowell, George B IV
                                             BGen USMC HQMC (USA); (b)(6)                   USN CHINFO WASHINGTON DC USA
                                            (b)(6)                              USN CHINFO WASHINGTON DC (USA)
                                           (b)(6)
                                                      USN CHINFO WASHINGTON DC (USA) (b)(6)                     USN OLA
                                                    INGTON DC (USA); (b)(6)                     USN DIA DA0 (USA); (b)(6)
                                            (b)(6)
                                                    USN OLA WASHINGTON DC (USA); Cummings, Matthew C (Matt) SES OSD OUSD
                                             INTEL (USA); (b)(6)                        USN OSD OUSD INTEL & SEC (USA); Cantrell,
                                            Steven A SES USAF SAF/MG (USA)
 Subject:                                    News Article - Adversary Drones Are Spying On The U.S. And The Pentagon Acts Like
                                            They're UFOs
                                            (b)(6)
 Signed By:


 eldtlf-P-R-E-13-Eer5eN-A-L--/Pe-R-T-1-0-N-S-EN-EM-P-T--FRO-M+04-14ND-ER-(-13-)-(-5-)

 All,

  Long article.., worth the read.

  Probably one of the best we've seen.

 (b)(5)


(b)(5)


  But still, a good effort.

  Regards,

 (b)(6)


 (b)(6)
 (b)(6)  USN (Ret)
  N2N6 Public Affairs

                                                                          1
(b)(6)

(b)(6)


Adversary Drones Are Spying On The U.S. And The Pentagon Acts Like They're UFOs


The U.S. military seems aloof to the fact that it's being toyed with by a terrestrial adversary and key capabilities may be
compromised as a result.


The War Zone, 15 April 2021... by Tyler Rogoway


We may not know the identities of all the mysterious craft that American military personnel and others have been seeing in the skies
as of late, but I have seen more than enough to tell you that it is clear that a very terrestrial adversary is toying with us in our own
backyard using relatively simple technologies—drones and balloons—and making off with what could be the biggest intelligence
haul of a generation. While that may disappoint some who hope the origins of all these events are far more exotic in nature, the
strategic implications of these bold operations, which have been happening for years, undeterred, are absolutely massive.


Our team here at The War Zone has spent the last two years indirectly laying out a case for the hypothesis that many of the events
involving supposed UFOs, or unidentified aerial phenomena (UAP), as they are now often called, over the last decade are actually
the manifestation of foreign adversaries harnessing advances in lower-end unmanned aerial vehicle technology, and even simpler
platforms, to gather intelligence of extreme fidelity on some of America's most sensitive warfighting capabilities. Now, considering
all the news on this topic in recent weeks, including our own major story on a series of bizarre incidents involving U.S. Navy
destroyers and 'UAP' off the Southern California coast in 2019, it's time to not only sum up our case, but to discuss the broader
implications of these revelations, what needs to be done about them, and the Pentagon's fledgling 'UAP Task Force' as a whole.


A big pill to swallow


Yes, I realize that the idea that an adversary is penetrating U.S. military training areas unmolested, and has been for years, using
lowly drone technology and balloons, is a big pill to swallow, but as one of the people who have repeatedly warned about the threat
posed by lower-end drones for a decade—warnings that largely were dismissed by the Pentagon until drones made or altered in
ramshackle ISIS workshops in a war zone were literally raining down bomblets on U.S. and allied forces in Iraq—it isn't really
surprising at all. Nor is the fact that the Defense Department is still playing catch-up when it comes to the realities surrounding the
drone threat, and not just to its forces abroad, but also to the homeland overall. The utter lack of vision and early robust interest in
regards to this emerging threat will go down as one of the Pentagon's biggest strategic missteps of our time.


The gross inaction and the stigma surrounding unexplained aerial phenomena as a whole has led to what appears to be the
paralyzation of the systems designed to protect us and our most critical military technologies, pointing to a massive failure in U.S.
military intelligence. This is a blind spot we ourselves literally created out of cultural taboos and a military-industrial complex that is
ill-suited to foresee and counter a lower-end threat that is very hard to defend against.


Before I move forward, I must state that just because I believe the evidence is compelling that many of the bizarre encounters with
mysterious objects in the sky as of late, and especially those that the U.S. military is experiencing, emanate from peer-state
competitors, not another dimension or another solar system, there are certainly well-documented cases of seemingly unexplainable
events that have nothing to do with this type of capability. In other words, our conclusions do not come even close to answering the
question of UAPs or UFOs as a whole, especially in terms of the many unexplained incidents in decades past. What they do is


                                                                     2
highlight an alarming new capability set and tactics that seem to have been allowed to be exploited with little response for years
while the Pentagon scratched its head and shrugged, or even worse, turned largely a blind eye toward it.


And that brings us to one of the biggest problems with this topic, as a whole—people expect one blanket and grand explanation for
the entire UFO mystery to one day emerge. This is flawed thinking at its core. This issue is clearly one with multiple explanations due
to the wide range of events that have occurred under a huge number of circumstances. This thinking must be changed as it limits our
ability to solve some mysteries in the hopes of coming up with some fantastical monolithic explanation for every related mystery.
So, accepting that there is likely a wide array of explanations to this notoriously abused topic will be absolutely key to successfully
studying it and destigmatizing it in our culture, and especially within U.S. military and intelligence circles.


With that in mind, I also believe America's prevailing cultural issues and the general stigma surrounding UFOs was successfully
targeted and leveraged by our adversaries, which helped these activities to persist far longer than they should have. In fact, I believe
that those in power who snicker about credible reports of strange objects in the sky and stymie research into them, including access
to classified data, have become a threat to national security themselves. Their lack of imagination, curiosity, and creativity appears
to have built a near-perfect vacuum that our enemies could exploit and likely have exploited to an astonishing degree.


A very enticing target


Nearly two years ago, I wrote a widely circulated piece that addressed my thoughts on the Pentagon's sudden willingness to talk
about UFOs and its potential implications. I went through the possibilities as I saw them, but above all else, it was clear that this
wasn't some over-hyped myth. Something strange was indeed going on.


Soon after, we were the first to connect key technologies that had emerged around the time that sightings of certain types of
mysterious UAPs began to accelerate amongst military personnel—in particular, Navy fighter pilots. This was largely based around
new air defense data-fusion and networking capabilities being installed on Navy warships and aircraft, as well as the proliferation of
Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) radars on Navy fighters and airborne early warning and control planes. We also noted
that the most remarkable appearances of these objects seemed to correlate with major Navy exercises where these advances in air
defense capabilities were being fully integrated across a Carrier Strike Group. In other words, it seemed that these mysterious craft
had a very keen interest in America's latest and greatest operational counter-air capabilities.


We then got clarification from pilot witnesses on key claims about what they and their squadron mates had experienced before
pursuing what was an inconvenient hypothesis for many—that at least some of what these aircrews and vessels were encountering
were not an exotic unexplained phenomenon at all, but were in fact adversary drones and lighter-than-air platforms (balloons)
meant to stimulate America's most capable air defense systems and collect extremely high-quality electronic intelligence data on
them. And this is critical data, incidentally, that is very hard to reliably obtain otherwise.


These radar emissions, and the datalink communications that go along with them, underpin highly networked counter-air
architectures that are unmatched anywhere on earth. By gathering comprehensive electronic intelligence information on these
systems, countermeasures and electronic warfare tactics can be developed to disrupt or defeat them. Capabilities can also be
accurately estimated and even cloned and tactics can be recorded and exploited. The very signatures of these waveforms alone can
be used to identify, classify, and geolocate them by adversary platforms during a time of war, providing a big leg-up when it comes
to battlespace awareness.


We are talking about everything from common operating frequencies to highly-sensitive low-probability of intercept emissions
tactics, to datalink encryption, to distinct radar modes and employment procedures here. In other words, this is among the most
critical intelligence a peer-state enemy can obtain and there aren't many easy ways of doing it. Even in a war zone, where aircraft
and their systems are operating potentially in the same general area as adversary intelligence-collection systems, using their full
                                                                      3
combat capabilities may be restricted to maintain the secrets of those critical capabilities. Proximity to the emitters in question and
how long their emissions are exposed to an intelligence-gathering system is a major limitation, as well. Traditional espionage is
another way adversaries look to gain information on these critical systems, as well, but nothing beats going out and actually sucking
up the electronic signatures as best you can. Actually becoming the target of their interest takes the quality of intelligence collected
to a whole other level.


Historic precedent


The beginning of making the case for drones and balloons being the culprit for much of the recent UAP activity came when we
posted an entire historical precedent for very similar operations dating back to the development of the A-12 Oxcart spy plane and
the advent of modern electronic warfare itself. In essence, during the early 1960s, the CIA launched radar reflectors on balloons off
Cuba's coastline via a U.S. Navy submarine and employed an electronic warfare system called PALLADIUM that would trick the latest
Soviet radar systems into showing their operators that enemy aircraft were rushing toward Cuban shores or doing all types of crazy
maneuvers. This coaxed the Cuban air defense system and its radars to light up and spurred rapid communications between air
defenders on the island.


The balloon-borne radar reflectors of different sizes also showed up on the Soviet radars, and by monitoring the targets that the
radar operators concentrated on, and thus could detect, it was determined how sensitive their Soviet radar systems actually were.
This provided critical information on the survivability of the Mach 3+ and somewhat stealthy A-12, but beyond that, it set a
precedent of how electronic warfare and airborne targets could be used to prod an enemy's air defenses so that critical intelligence
as to their capabilities could be determined—all without actually putting a pilot in the air at risk.


That was just the start of these types of operations. As the decades went by, far more complex and capable integrated air defenses
began proliferating throughout the globe, placing a greater need on collecting this type of critical information. From what we
understand, PALLADIUM evolved and subsequently spiraled into a far wider electronic intelligence gathering ecosystem, much of
which is still highly secretive in nature and exists to this day.


The U.S. has extremely capable standoff electronic intelligence-gathering aircraft, such as the U.S. Air Force's manned RC-135
Combat Sent and Rivet Joint, as well as the Navy's EP-3E Aries and P-8A Poseidon, not to mention U-2S Dragon Lady and unmanned
RQ-4 Global Hawk, that are all capable of building up a picture of the enemy's electronic order of battle from a distance. Even
America's top fighter aircraft are increasingly equipped with digital electronic warfare suites including highly advanced electronic
support measures (ESM) that can provide tactical electronic intelligence of very high quality. Other countries, such as Russia and
China, possess electronic intelligence (ELINT) gathering aircraft types, as well, albeit without the same level of capabilities or, in
some cases, the same international reach and persistence.


While the United States also has very advanced, stealthy assets that can penetrate into enemy airspace to collect electronic
intelligence data of a totally different fidelity, right near the emitters themselves and over long periods, America's adversaries do
not, at least not yet. They have also historically lagged behind the U.S. government in space-based ELINT systems, which offer
another way to scoop up emissions coming out of denied areas, and do so discreetly. This leaves America's potential foes to have to
get more creative in order to obtain this critical information.


So, for the time being, even though exquisite stealth unmanned aircraft may be out of their reach, swarms of lower-end drones and
other less-advanced unmanned airborne platforms certainly are not. And regardless of America's own stealth capabilities, one would
be remiss if they were to believe that clandestine operations, such as the one using PALLADIUM 60 years ago, aren't still going on
today. In fact, we know the use of balloons strapped with payloads to collect vital intelligence continued throughout the Cold War.


                                                                     4
While manned overflights of the Soviet Union ended with the U-2 crisis in May 1960, high-altitude balloons continued to float across
Soviet and Warsaw Pact borders for decades to follow. Unsurprisingly, this activity was conducted covertly, but continued even after
the advent of spy satellites. For the Soviet Air Defense Forces in particular, the balloons were a significant menace, proving especially
hard to defeat. There is evidence that at least some Soviet fighter units maintained gun-armed interceptors at round-the-clock
readiness specifically to shoot down the intruding balloons and one aircraft, the M-17 Mystic, was even developed to carry out this
particular mission, although it never entered service in this role. The Russians surely took note of this unique intelligence-gathering
application.


Fast forward to the 21st Century, and revolution in lower-end unmanned aircraft has provided the perfect attritable platform—one
robust enough to carry out the task, but low-cost enough so that it wouldn't matter if it got lost in the process—for just such a
mission set. And, as we explained in great detail, so are balloons carrying radar reflectors and expendable electronic intelligence and
even electronic warfare payloads. Whereas 60 years ago, electronic warfare systems may have required an entire plane or a large
pod on a plane, today totally expendable electronic warfare systems that can wreak havoc on radars and other air defense nodes
can be dropped out of a chaff and flare dispenser or be housed in the tip of a small missile—or flown on a balloon or lower-end
drone.


Preconceived notions


In our investigative pieces on PALLADIUM, we also detailed how radar reflector balloons can be made in many configurations and we
even discovered a patent dating back to well before PALLADIUM for a radar reflector balloon that is an exact visual match for the
initially totally bizarre-sounding "cube inside a sphere" objects that Navy pilots had reported seeing off the east coast. We also
discovered that initial reports that pilots visually saw these craft moving erratically were incorrect. In fact, when physically
encountered, they were floating in the air and acting exactly as balloons would.


While balloons can look like virtually anything, drones can also look very strange due to the huge amount of configurations that
exist. When most people think of drones they picture a small fixed-wing airplane or quadcopter type setup. That may be true for the
heart of the burgeoning civilian market, but there are far more configurations, some of which look downright alien and perform
unlike a traditional fixed-wing aircraft or quadcopter. These include everything from triangle-shaped flying wings to hybrid
rotor/fixed-wing aircraft or even a vertical tube with a rotor at each end. There are even drones that launch smaller parasite drones
and act as their mothership.


Drones can also be networked together and fly in formation. They may not all look the same, either. For instance, smaller drones
may be accompanied by a larger drone that carries computing hardware and communications gear, such as a basic satcom terminal
or line-of-sight data-link, working as the command and control and communications router for the swarm. Or they may not have any
man-in-the-loop communications at all, instead, they can be programmed to fly a pre-planned course or be equipped with
programming for them to seek out certain stimuli in their environment, such as particular radar emissions, and to fly certain
preplanned programs near those emitters. In fact, some of the biggest leaps in lower-drone technology came from Israel decades
ago when they developed drone systems suited for seeking radar emitters and confusing or destroying them.


They can also have surprisingly long range. Iran has many small and relatively cheap fixed-wing drones that can fly very long
distances running on efficient, small gasoline motors, for instance. These drones can travel hundreds of miles and loiter for hours
while still carrying a relevant payload and have been thoroughly weaponized and used repeatedly in offensive operations. This has
led to dystopian warnings to Americans visiting or living in one of the world's most highly defended capital cities.


When it comes to drone configurations, there are a huge number of them being operated or developed around the globe by
nefarious actors. The delta-wing design is among the most popular for lower-end militarized drones as it provides high efficiency for
                                                                     5
long range, a wide operational envelope, and has good stability. It also has a perfect area to install a radiation seeker, optical sensor,
electronic warfare payload, or a warhead.


These are just some general parameters that are the actual reality when it comes to unmanned systems, and they differ drastically
from the assumptions most people make about smaller drones in general. I often hear "oh they can't fly that way" or "they can't fly
that long, the battery would run out" or "they couldn't be jammed so there is no way they are drones." These statements are
blatantly wrong, not just when it comes to the capabilities of a peer competitor, but even a less capable country or even a non-state
actor.


Small weaponized drones, especially those that carry an explosive charge, have become a cheap asymmetric linchpin capability and,
just as I predicted years ago, are rapidly evolving into becoming game-changers on the modern battlefield. They are also becoming a
big business and their use as assassination tools has migrated to drug cartels and other organized crime syndicates. Even their
development has devolved down to individuals and small rogue groups operating far from war zones.


Simply put, when it comes to lower-end drones, most people's assumptions seem to be pulled out of thin air or from what they have
seen at the electronics section at big box stores. As such, these preconceived notions are indicators of why relatively simple drones
and their unique configurations and performance characteristics can seem unfamiliar, even to experienced fighter pilots or
observers on the ground that have never been really trained on these threats and all the different ways that can manifest
themselves.


The swarm is not science fiction


When it comes to the U.S. Navy, it is using swarms of lower-end networked drones, submarines, ships, unmanned underwater
vehicles, and more, to convince the enemy to think they are seeing ghost fleets and aerial armadas that aren't really there. You don't
have to take our word for it, the Navy has a program of record for just this—that being Netted Emulation of Multi-Element Signature
against Integrated Sensors, or NEMESIS.


The War Zone was the first to report on this program, which you can read all about here, but, suffice to say, it lays out an
architecture that represents a quantum leap in electronic warfare. Yet none of its components are all that exquisite; it's just the
networking of them together and being able to combine their effects cooperatively with highly agile computing and software that is.
Swarming drones working together to decoy, jam, and distract the enemy? That is not a high-end capability. Unifying those effects
with ships, other aircraft, submarines, and more in real-time to make multiple enemy sensors in disparate locations see the same
thing? That is revolutionary.


After we posted the NEMESIS piece, many were asking our opinion if it was what Navy pilots had encountered off America's eastern
seaboard. I am comfortable stating that I don't believe those incidents were all secret American tests of elements of what could be
incorporated into NEMESIS. Quite the contrary, I believe it was largely a foreign power actively using what could be described as
some components similar to what could be found in the NEMESIS ecosystem to collect critical intelligence on America's most
advanced sensor systems and more. Once again, this doesn't mean everything aircrews saw off the east coast during this period
were these capabilities, but it seems like a glaringly obvious explanation for most of them, and it is far more so now than it was
when we first reported on those incidents.


Also, many of the strange high-performance characteristics ships and planes sometimes detect by radar at beyond visual range
during these incidents can and likely are the result of electronic warfare. In fact, things like rapid accelerations in speed and sudden
drops in altitude on radar represent very basic tenets of electronic warfare tactics. In the case of the east coast events, for instance,
as far as we have been told, the high-performance capabilities of these objects were never visually observed, but they were seen on


                                                                    6
radar. The visual encounters describe balloon-like objects doing balloon-like things—not moving fast at all—while other objects
feature performance more similar to drones than anything else.


Months after reporting on NEMESIS, we acquired the Naval Safety Center incident reports spanning most of the 2010s regarding
anomalous objects that fighter pilots encountered off the eastern seaboard of the United States. What we found was stunning.
While there were only a limited number of reports, and there were very likely other reports never filed with the safety center and
instead filed as classified intelligence events, the ones that were there didn't describe alien craft at all. Instead, they described jet-
powered, missile-like drones and other unmanned fixed-wing aircraft flying up in the flight levels, as well as multi-rotor drones
hovering at very high altitudes far out to sea. There there are balloon-like objects, the origins of which were all unexplained even
after official investigations.


Certainly no civilian is flying cruise missile-like aircraft at high altitude dozens of miles off the east coast. And flying a multi-rotor
drone far out to sea at bizarrely high altitudes isn't normal. So, who do these belong to? Well if not us, and they are clearly not of an
alien origin, then someone else. And who would want to be flying around in these specific chunks of airspace that are literally
designated for use by America's top military aircraft, with the Navy's most capable warships often operating below? America's
preeminent adversaries—China and Russia—that's who.


The motive and the opportunity


Those warning areas—airspace that can be set aside for military training—are where America's most advanced sensors blare their
powerful radio-frequency communications and sensor systems day in and day out. F-225, F-355, F/A-18E/Fs, F-15Es, E-2Ds, and much
more, fill those training areas daily. Below them, Aegis Combat System-equipped cruisers and destroyers, and America's
supercarriers and amphibious assault ships, push their radar and networking systems to the limit to keep their skills sharp and to
train for upcoming deployments. We are talking about the most advanced air defense sensor and networking technology on planet
earth all operating in one region (the counterpart being off the coast of Southern California) as reliably as the office hours at your
local bank.


And they are doing so while at home, in areas where, unless intelligence warns them of spy ship activity nearby, their systems are
largely being used to their maximum potential. All that potential intelligence zapping through the air, operating as if it is far from
prying eyes. Simply put, it is the biggest electronic intelligence target on earth and the lowly drone and balloon, pared with
America's strange aversion to taking unusual things in the sky seriously, have provided the perfect medium for which to gobble it up
with little to no chance of major repercussions.


In fact, the Navy fighter pilot who has spoken about recent experiences with the UAP issue the most, Ryan Graves, seemed to have
inadvertently summed up what I believe has been going on, and not as a secondary 'worst case' possibility as he describes it. Graves
stated the following on the Kevin Rose Show:


"If we do have what we would call a 'red threat,' one of our traditional enemies that are using some type of perhaps new
technology, or hard to identify technology that is out there in our working areas soaking up our waveforms and our radar and our
sensor and our comms, watching our tactics on a daily basis, it's a major, major intelligence failure to have these things out there.
And because they look slightly different than what our average threat would look like, everyone wants to ignore it. So if we had a
Chinese or Russian fighter jet flying out there watching us it would be a major deal. But because it looks slightly different we want to
ignore it."


Once again, it is a hard pill to swallow, but, nevertheless, bingo!


Robots in disguise
                                                                       7
As we noted earlier, these drones and the balloons, in particular, could also look very strange to pretty much anyone who
encounters them, even like a cube inside a sphere, or a metallic blimp with strange appendages. In fact, the odder they look, the
better the cover for ongoing operations. Putting infrared bricks on drones giving them huge IR signatures or making radar reflector
balloons look alien in shape would not only confuse the targeted adversary and likely allow for these operations to go on for far
longer unchecked than they would otherwise, but they would also massively increase the quality of intelligence data they receive.


With this in mind, making things appear stranger and less threatening than they actually are is likely one tactic the enemy has used
for these operations, and this can often come at a very cheap price. We have discussed how sometimes the simplest measures can
make the most impactful illusions, and how even similar tricks that Disney uses to skew theme park goers' perceptions could be
employed in a guileful manner to confuse an adversary. That seems to be part of the playbook being executed here, and what better
passively-reinforced cover story is there in America than UFOs and all the stigma that goes along with it? The fact that pilots have
historically refrained from reporting unexplained craft in the skies due to fear of their careers being impacted is all you really need to
know when quantifying how relevant and effective such a tactic can be.


With that being said, not only could these things, or other platforms nearby, passively suck up electronic intelligence that presents
itself in their vicinity, but the genius of their employment is that they themselves are the targets, and they are not necessarily friend
or foe. This makes them flying intelligence 'honey traps' in their own regard. They get aircraft and ships to lock them up directly,
likely running through multiple radar modes in the process as they get fully interrogated by various platforms, even at close range.
This provides otherwise unthinkable opportunities to record all those signatures and tactics, even ones that may not be used
otherwise if there was a known intelligence-gathering threat present.


To put it another way, their ambiguous origins and the curiosity surrounding their presence sets up a situation in which they can
make radar systems work directly against them without restrictions. Their small radar cross-sections and potentially elusive
electronic warfare tactics would push those sensor systems and their operators even harder in order to lock them up, thus giving up
even more valuable information.


Once again, the operation involving PALLADIUM during the A-12's development worked not just because they could get radar
operators searching for something that wasn't there, but because they gave them hard targets to lock up. It seems that we are
seeing history repeat itself, but this time it's the other guys putting on the magic show.


It's also worth saying that a campaign like this also has huge information and psychological warfare aspects. Eventually, if it is
officially disclosed or outed, it makes the targeted country look horribly impotent in that they couldn't even defend their own
airspace or even define a threat to it. Even more embarrassing, they let hollow cultural stigmas provide an open door to enemy
intelligence operations. Beyond that, these activities cause confusion and muddy the waters as to what is a threat and what isn't.
They can also cause fissures between those in uniform who observe these craft and their less than responsive commands. It even fits
into Russia's hybrid warfare playbook, elements of which have been copied by other nefarious actors around the globe, including
China.


Clandestine launch platforms


In November 2019, we went on to lay out how submarines can launch their own aerial drones and have been able to so for far
longer than most realize. Fast forward to today, and the Navy is now procuring swarms of drones for its submarines. Keep in mind,
this is what they openly discuss, imagine the capabilities that have been in place for some time that have never been disclosed.
Russia and China, who are looking for every asymmetric advantage against America's overwhelming technological superiority,
certainly had seen the promise that the lowly drone showed for these types of ELINT gathering operations and Russia, in particular,


                                                                    8
has the submarines to deploy them in the hemisphere in question. Doing so with radar reflector and electronic intelligence gathering
payload-carrying balloons is an even lower hanging fruit.


In the mid-2000s, studying and adapting UAV concepts of many sizes for submarine operations was in full swing. America's
adversaries didn't just sit and watch, either.


Many naysayers have said that this is impossible because there are no Russian submarines deep in the Atlantic and that the U.S.
largely controls this massive body of water. We begged to differ on that point and it turned out that the Navy eventually did too. It is
now open knowledge that Russian submarines are operating deep in the Atlantic to the point that the Navy is calling it a contested
body of water. And if you think the Navy has a perfect track on those boats at all times, you would be sorely mistaken. So, there is a
motive and there is a delivery method, but really, we are probably overthinking it, at least to some degree.


The cold hard truth is that you don't need a submarine to launch a swarm of low-end drones and/or balloons to gather intelligence
on an adversary's sensors. They can be launched from any vessel really, and especially from medium to large ones. There is a lot of
shipping traffic out there at any given time, with ships flagged all over the globe and operated by an even more diverse roster of
operators. A lowly freighter would be an effective delivery platform, and a far more accessible one. In fact, this concept of
operations is well established already and considering the ranges that some of these smaller drones can fly, it is even less of an
issue. They can be launched in international waters.


An expanding picture of widespread events


Over the past two years, we have also reported on what appears to be an increasing phenomenon of large drone swarms spotted
over the United States, as well as its outlying territories, and especially near strategic installations. The Colorado drone swarm saga
seemed like something of a bizarre series of events in which the general consensus couldn't seem to settle on a case of mass
hysteria or something actually occurring—this was not helped by really reckless reporting on the issue by one or two major outlets.
Our subsequent investigation showed that internal correspondence between federal and local stakeholders pointed to it being
anything but some product of mass groupthink.


Then things got even more serious when we uncovered a series of drone swarm events over the massive Palo Verde nuclear plant in
Arizona. Subsequent documents showed that this was far from a one-off anomaly, with dozens of drone incursions involving
America's nuclear plants having occurred not long before or after. How to protect this highly sensitive infrastructure from threats
posed by drones remains a strangely awkward debate. While some claim an attack from small drones may have limited impacts on a
nuclear facility—a highly debatable claim—there are other concerns, including those surrounding using drones to find networking
security holes and more.


Then, maybe most chilling, we uncovered that drones had taken a very troubling interest in one of the most important U.S. air
defense sites on earth—the Theater High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) anti-ballistic missile battery on Guam. This is literally the
last line of defense against incoming ballistic missiles for America's most important base in the Western Pacific. It is also the home of
an AN/TPY-2 radar, one of the most advanced in the world, that provides surveillance and targeting for the THAAD missile
interceptors. It isn't hard to imagine how valuable electronic intelligence from that radar and the system's local area and beyond-
line-of-sight datalinks would be to an adversary like China, which not only has a huge interest in disabling such a capability during a
time of war, but also learning from it to develop its own systems.


While some may brush off the actual destructive capabilities of a relatively small drone, they shouldn't. A drone packing a small
charge may not be able to sink a ship or blow up an entire missile site, but it can punch a hole into a radar array and put the entire
system out of business for long periods of time. In other words, a mission kill is just as effective at achieving the primary goal of
disabling a defensive system as literally blowing it up. And yes, it is ironic that a THAAD battery, one of the most technologically
                                                                     9
impressive surface-to-air weapon systems ever created, can swat down incoming ballistic missiles but is extremely vulnerable to
what could be as simple as a modified hobby drone. Once again, this is in large part a result of the Pentagon's unwillingness to
recognize the threat of low-end drones before it materialized and its chronic under-investment in short-range air defenses
(SHORAD) that withered on the vine in the decades following the dissolution of the Soviet Union, a situation which you can read all
about here.


The same can be said for warships. While a swarm of drones couldn't sink a destroyer, they can overwhelm its defenses and neuter
it by attacking its sensors, leaving it blind, vulnerable, and useless—the definition of a mission kill. Our report on the events that
occurred off Southern California in the summer of 2019 underlined just how troubling the situation has become.


Swarms of drones harassed a number of U.S. Navy destroyers executing combat drills less than 100 miles off Los Angeles. This
occurred on multiple nights. The level of documentation in that article alone shows just how palpable this part of the so-called
phenomenon has become. You can imagine just how good the intelligence would have been with those ships' sensors and
communications systems stimulated by the swarm of unknown origins within the perceived safety of America's own territorial
waters. That swarm could have been, and likely was, sucking up, or helping another nearby platform suck up, all that sensitive ELINT
data on the most capable warships on earth and at very close range.


Once again, in that case, the drone swarm could have come from a simple cargo vessel and it wouldn't have to be even within line-
of-sight of the destroyers, which are easily tracked using open sources during routine training. The drones used in this event appear
to have been smaller fixed-wing types similar to those that America's adversaries have built for various missions, like long-range
strike, anti-radiation, decoy, and surveillance operations. As noted earlier, they can fly for hours and could easily be programmed to
execute a certain route in the vicinity of where the destroyers were operating or even potentially programmed to react to certain RF
emissions, at which time they would fly pre-programmed maneuvers near those emissions. This isn't some crazy high-tech thing.
These are capabilities that America's primary adversaries possess and are further refining with each day. China, in particular, is far
ahead in this regard and already has the operational capability to rapidly deploy large networked swarms that can work
cooperatively together. Russia is also in the game and has focused on drone swarms that are electronic warfare enabled.


Uncompelling 'UFO' evidence


Beyond the so-called 'Tic-Tac' video that just looked like a blurry little Tic Tac, I have seen nothing in any government 'UAP' videos
that supposedly show unexplainable capabilities or craft that actually portray that. In fact, quite the opposite. I have stated this
repeatedly and tried to explain some of the unique dynamics at play with modern targeting pods and other factors, with many being
offended by the mere thought that the videos simply are not what many have portrayed them to be. I have talked directly to the
folks that design and build the sensor systems themselves. They don't see anything either, which I find quite strange considering
these videos are supposedly evidence of flying objects that are unexplained.


Of course, we are only shown snippets of each video. There could be more footage that does show more puzzling maneuvers, but
that simply isn't the case at this time. At least when it comes to the 'Go Fast' and 'Gimbal' videos, while the exact origin of the craft
shown may not be known, they certainly are not unexplainable.


In recent weeks, more official evidence has come to light. This includes recently released images taken from an F/A-18 cockpit that
clearly show balloons, not strange totally unexplainable craft. A video and still images from the incident we reported on that
occurred off the California coast in 2019 have also come to light. They seem to show either delta-wing-shaped drones, very similar to
the ones we have discussed earlier, or, and far more likely, another type of drone that is obscured by bokeh effect, the result of a
bright light source being recorded out of focus through a night-vision scope by another camera. Once again, nothing appears
unexplainable here. Quite the opposite, really.
                                                                    10
One other leaked set of images, taken by the Los Angeles class attack submarine USS Omaha around the same period of time, shows
what some claim is a 'trans-medium craft' disappearing into the ocean. The stills provided prove nothing of the sort. It looks like a
balloon or other object hitting the water as seen through a thermal imaging system. Once again, maybe other data exists that is
compelling and truly exotic, but this certainly isn't that.


As for the authenticity of these latest photos and videos, our friend John Greenewald got confirmation that they are indeed
authentic from the Office of Secretary of Defense spokesperson on the UAP issue, Susan Gough.


As it sits today, the Navy's top uniformed officer says the craft involved in the 2019 incidents off of Southern California remain
unidentified.


When it comes to the reality that drones and balloons appear to be the origin of many of these sightings, I wish it wasn't the case. I
would rather have all this be some huge revelation for mankind instead of having to come to terms with the fact that at least one of
our adversaries, and possibly two, have played our own cultural norms against us and have executed what may be among the most
successful and ingenious intelligence-gathering plays of all time. Meanwhile, it seems that the DoD is either incapable of identifying
and evaluating what should no longer be considered an emerging threat—swarming drones and radar target balloons—or they are
playing along by acting like they do not know, which could be the case for a number of reasons.


First of all, it's not the Navy's job to protect America's sovereign airspace, it is the Air Force's. That service will say next to nothing
about any of this, even when asked very specific questions. Why? Well, at least when it comes to the drone threat, they really don't
have the ability to defend against it and have clearly failed in doing so thus far. In fact, if unidentified flying craft are hanging out off
of our coasts, why haven't alert fighters scrambled to investigate them repeatedly? Their crews are the ones specially trained and
equipped to do so. Maybe they were and we just haven't heard about it, but if it was happening all the time, I find that doubtful.
And yes, they do scramble on 'UFOs,' as we exclusively discovered a few years ago.


The truth is the Air Force does know that low radar-cross-section aerial vehicles, such drones and cruise missiles, are a massive
threat. That is one major reason why the Air National Guard has equipped its F-15 fleet, and is now equipping its F-16 fleet, with
AESA radars that can better spot these threats. These alert aircraft are also outfitted with targeting pods to identify any aircraft at
long range, day or night, in relatively high resolution. The Air Force is also coming up with ideas to deal with large numbers of
potential small threat aircraft at one time, such as using laser-guided rockets to swat them down, but those capabilities are still a
while off from being operationalized. So there is finally action being taken, but saying "we really have had no way of defending the
homeland against these low-end threats" really wouldn't be a good look for the Air Force and it goes against the whole idea of not
admitting your strategic weaknesses.


The other possibility is that we are doing the same exact thing, using drones and balloons to gather critical information on enemy air
defense capabilities overseas, and thus, we really don't want to delve too deeply into the matter. In fact, we may want it to seem
like we are totally stumped by these activities too.


Considering we know efforts like PALLADIUM never really ceased, and considering our submarine drone-launching capabilities, and
the fact that submarines are already used to suck up ELINT data clandestinely, this almost seems more likely than not. Don't expect
anyone to admit it though. Nobody keeps a secret like the 'Silent Service.' Even the U.S. Army is now actively pursuing balloon
systems that will carry powerful sensors, communications systems, and electronic warfare packages, as well as drop swarms of
drones deep behind enemy lines.


Sound familiar?


                                                                      11
These are just possibilities, but considering the intelligence value up for grabs here, and how hard it can be to obtain that
intelligence, they are at least worth pondering and it is really quite possible that a mix of these scenarios could be at play.


An investigation in a bubble


It also seems quite possible, that when it comes to the Pentagon's investigations into these matters, there is a lack of real expertise
to properly evaluate the evidence. In all the discussions about this topic and the Pentagon's 'UFO' programs under AAWSAP and
later AATIP, it seems that they were working largely external to the sprawling intelligence infrastructure built over 70 years to
quantify foreign threats using limited information and even to exploit them.


For instance, the people in the Defense Intelligence Agency's Foreign Material Exploitation apparatus can pull crashed MiGs from
swamps and get them flying again under total secrecy and those in the Directorate of Science and Technology are tasked with
evaluating complex foreign threats from a distance using all the data the intelligence community has to offer. Somehow, when it
comes to UAP, we never hear about this existing ecosystem that is perfectly suited to evaluate the topic. It is as if the whole UAP
issue has and continues to live in its own tiny intelligence bubble, walled off from the greater military intelligence environment.


While claims that 'smart people' have looked at the data may be true, we don't know who these people are or what their level of
expertise or resources is. Do they even exist inside the DoD and intelligence community's analysis world or are they external to it?
How many eyes are actually working on these issues and collaborating to better understand and quantify them? From what we
understand, historically very few, at least in regards to the programs that have been disclosed.


From everything I know about the now famed 'UAP task force,' and by others' accounts as well, it is not some powerful inter-agency
initiative with a solid mandate from inside the Pentagon and the intelligence community. Far from it. It is a few people in an office
with very limited resources that are often hitting walls when trying to obtain critical information from other intelligence
stakeholders.


That's a huge strategic problem.


The primary reason for this being so troubling is not a looming threat from space invaders or inter-dimensional beings, or the dream
of some all-telling disclosure to the public, it is because the next big threat that surprises us from a foreign adversary will likely look
very unfamiliar, at least at first. As it sits now, the current technological threat analysis ecosystem appears to be broken. The fact
that drones and balloons have appeared to fool it for years, or even worse, never got its attention, is damning. But once again,
knowing the DoD's abysmal track record on the drone threat issue, and the stigma in the DoD around 'UFOs,' a subject that few want
to touch, this really isn't at all surprising.


An essential revolution


What is critical to national security now is to transform this little struggling UAP task force into a properly-funded and internally
mandated 'unidentified observed capabilities' fusion and analysis cell that pulls every piece of data the Pentagon and the intel
community have to offer to evaluate incidents that involve aspects that don't immediately make sense. This is not just about what
happens in the sky either, but also what happens under the sea, where we know anomalous data is encountered but is seemingly
tossed into the ether. The same can be said for any anomalous things that are observed in orbit, especially as space continues to
rapidly evolve as tomorrow's battlefield.


Because of the extremely sensitive nature of these sources and methods of relevant data collection, the fusion cell would have to be
able to deal with highly classified material, not just whatever it can get its hands on and other scraps from the greater intelligence
apparatus. The key is bringing all the relevant data under one clearinghouse with access to the best analytical minds that can rapidly
                                                                     12
disqualify events that are not actually anomalous and work up high-end intelligence products on each observed event that is. That
way we can leave the debilitating biases at the door and be quick to recognize and classify emerging threats as they appear, not
years after it has become blatantly obvious they exist.


It also has to work both ways. When an incident is observed via a particular sensor system or platform—even those that are highly
classified—that data needs to be fed to the fusion cell and it needs to happen under standing orders from the top down. In other
words, it can't be just a 'grovel for this or that' after-the-fact scenario, there has to be a mandate to provide this information as soon
as possible, not only after it is asked for. Basically, that has us playing with one hand and one leg tied behind our backs.


This is just as much about identifying patterns of operations as it is about looking into individual capabilities and documenting single
events with limited resources. What seems to be lacking here is the ability to see the bigger picture. This type of fusion cell would fix
that and such an arrangement is not unique. They are created for many other matters, including terrorism and the proliferation of
WMD.


We have the model, the question is why aren't we using it?


Nowhere left to hide


The truth of the matter is that, in addition to drone swarms and balloons, if something more exotic is truly out there, it will likely be
detected much more frequently in the very near future than it has in the past. In fact, the establishment of the fully supported
fusion cell I describe may not end up being a choice due to the changes that are about to occur in sensor technology.


Just as we reported on a big revolution in radar and networking technology that allowed these objects to be discovered more
frequently by fighter aircraft and other platforms starting roughly a decade or so ago, an even bigger one is just about to come to
pass. Far more sensitive and capable radars will soon equip America's new and potentially even some of its older warships. The U.S.
Army is revitalizing its surface-to-air sensor systems with similar radars that are vastly superior to their progenitors, including gallium
nitride-based AESA arrays.


In addition, Navy and Air Force fighters will soon be flying with advanced infrared search and track pods daily, giving them a passive
form of long-range detection and yet another sensor to bring to bear on low radar cross-section UAP contacts. You can read about
how this technology could have a major impact when it comes to detecting and tracking UAP targets in this past post of ours.


The Air Force is building out new sensing layers in space, especially ones that can detect and track hypersonic missiles careening
through the atmosphere at extreme speeds. These new remote sensing layers will be able to see and track things we've never seen
or tracked consistently before. The massive Long Range Discrimination Radar in Clear, Alaska, will provide radar data of an
unprecedented fidelity over a huge area—it's literally capable of reliably verifying ballistic missile countermeasures and decoys from
reentry vehicles. U.S. Space Force is contracting out an array of telescopes to optically track objects in orbit and to detect suspicious
changes in those objects' activity. On top of all this, new artificial intelligence (Al) enabled software will make automatically
detecting and tracking strange targets on all types of sensors easier than ever before.


I could go on and on here. The bottom line is that a lot more people running military sensor systems will be able to detect hard-to-
spot targets in the very near future. This will drastically increase the data set on anomalous events and will make many more people
aware of this unique problem, which could make it much harder to keep under wraps.


What has Congress really been told?


                                                                    13
The Pentagon's nonsense in regards to UFOs appears to have actually threatened national security at the highest level—literally
leaving the homeland with an open door to be walked through by lowly drones and our most prized military capabilities being
allowed to be toyed with for their intelligence value on their home turf. I have stated on numerous occasions that the next 9/11 will
come from swarming low-end drones and this situation further underlines just how plausible that is. But we really don't even need
to use our imagination. Just ask Saudi Arabia if that is plausible.


For the enemy, this has been a perfect scenario where they have been able to do the seemingly unimaginable with literally no
recourse—whether that is out of cultural stigmas, unwillingness to admit to a strategic weakness, or not wanting to allude in any
way to our own operations or capabilities, the result is the same—these actions have become more brazen and the intelligence
value being gleaned has become greater.


While it is good that the Senate Select Committee On Intelligence has demanded a report on this issue, the question of exactly the
quality of analysis that will go into that report is very real. Even recent leaked documents show things being classified as evidence of
unexplained UAP, while even based on our own investigation, it seems pretty clear as to their basic classification. Common optical
effects, balloons, and even known aircraft shapes seem to have chronically stumped the Pentagon's UAP investigators.


The same can be said for the now-famous briefings that Congressional members and the President have received on the issue. Who
exactly presented this information and the question as to its accuracy and quality of analysis remains very murky. One cannot rely on
legislators, even highly interested ones, or their staff to critically analyze data on such a bizarre, complex, and largely misconstrued
subject. Are they even getting good, unbiased information at all? If investigators have been fooled on many of these incidents,
regardless of the reasons, that means decision-makers in Congress many not be getting good information on this topic.


At the same time, there is still a lot we do not know. It could very well be there are many additional, far stranger, and more
compelling events that do not point to drone swarms or balloons as being the culprit. Let's hope so! But that doesn't change the
reality that some of them do point overwhelmingly in that direction.


The absolutely horrific communications job by the Department of Defense on this matter, one they themselves largely dragged back
into the spotlight, has made the entire topic even more confusing for people to interpret. This must change in order to instill any
form of confidence in the answers the government provides on this issue. There is a long and weird history of the U.S. government,
and the Pentagon and intelligence community especially, abusing the UFO topic dating back the better part of a century. The media
itself could do a way better job too. The fact that it's always framed in an "alien" context when news relating to these events hits
major outlets is highly detrimental to a very relevant cause.


So, how do we fix this situation? What should come next?


Plugging the gap


Step one is to admit that we have a major drone problem far closer to home than anyone wants to own up to and that at least one
of our adversaries has made a mockery of us and compromised key capabilities using remarkably low-end technology. Simply put,
they have won and in an outstandingly ironic and ingenious way. Only once we come to terms with this can move on to solving this
problem and confronting who is behind it, although I think it is pretty clear who that could be considering there is a list with really
just two names on it.


Step two, we just need to stop the UFO taboo charade and get serious about really looking into every anomalous observed
capability, regardless of its cultural connotations. We must fully fund a real intelligence fusion center to work these cases and
demand that our military and intelligence apparatus funnel all new ones to the fusion cell. This directive needs to come from the top
within the military and the intelligence community. It can't be another stepchild program foisted on the DoD by legislators that may
                                                                      14
not even be in office in a couple of years. This investigative unit must have unfettered access to every relevant data source and
intelligence product the U.S. military and the intelligence community have to offer. If we find out aliens are visiting earth in the
process, great! But that is not the point.


Step three, totally change the communications strategy around this topic. Provide information on absolutely everything that you
can, even if it is inconvenient, while protecting sources and methods where relevant.


If we don't go down this road, drones spying on our electronic emissions, tactics, and more may be the least of our worries. Those
same capabilities can easily be tasked with defeating many of the same platforms they are surveilling. But above all else, it may be
drones and balloons now, but we appear to be willfully covering our eyes to what could be our adversary's next major technological
breakthrough, which could very well look like it is alien at first glance.


As it sits now, we would probably only find out that it actually isn't once it's too late.


Article


                                                                     15
(b)(6)
                           CTR OSD PA (USA)
                                    (b)(6)                                        (b)(6)
From:                                                     CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
Sent:                                Monday, April 26, 2021 7:40 PM
                                     (b)(6)
To:                                                                     CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); Gough, Susan L
                                     (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
Subject:                             RE: [Non-DoD Source] Mystery Wire Story updated 26 April
Signed By:                           (b)(6)


Categories:                          UAP AATIP Elizondo UFO


Thanks,(b)(6 And to think, it's only April!


From: (b)(6)
Sent: Monday, April 26, 2021 4:43 PM
To (b)(6)              CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)                       Gough Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA
(USA) (b)(6)
                                         (b)(6)         CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)
Subject: [Non-DoD Source] Mystery Wire Story updated 26 April


Former Pentagon UFO investigator answers
tough questions about flying pyramids and
other UAP sightings
Mystery Wire, 26 April 2021... by George Knapp, Matt Adams, Duncan Phenix

The intelligence officer who previously directed the Pentagon's secret investigation of UFOs says the
ultimate explanation might be more exotic than we can imagine.

"Unfortunately, there's a lot more we don't know than we do now," Lue Elizondo said during a recent
media briefing. "The good news is that we're finally taking it seriously."

Lue Elizondo is a former intelligence officer who spent his career in the shadows, working on
sensitive national security matters, including 10 years investigating UFOs heading the Advanced
Aerospace Threat Identification Program (AATIP).

Luis Elizondo has been speaking with George Knapp for several years about his involvement in a
once secret Pentagon program to study UFOs.

The familiar term UFO carries considerable baggage because the public equates it with
extraterrestrials, so the government now prefers to use the acronym UAPs, or Unidentified Aerial
Phenomena. The AATIP program evolved from a broader study that was initiated, in large part, by
Nevada Senator Harry Reid and two of his Senate colleagues.

In 2017 Elizondo helped spark an intense wave of media interest that has not abated, as
demonstrated by the high-powered phalanx of reporters who met him this week.
                                                              1
Elizondo reminded the media of recent statements made by former intelligence chiefs, each of whom
declared UAPs to be a legitimate concern for national security.

"This isn't a silly conversation," Elizondo told reporters. "This is a conversation about someone,
somewhere displaying beyond-next-generation technology in our controlled airspace, and there's not
a whole lot we can do about it. And what I would do is submit to you that if we just take the word UFO
out of it, just say Russia or China has the ability to fly in our airspace unimpeded. And without
detection, within minutes of taking off. That's a real problem."

Since 2018, Elizondo and colleagues, including Navy pilots, have been briefing key committees in
Congress behind closed doors. The Senate Intelligence Committee was impressed enough by the
evidence and testimony that it authorized the creation of the UAP Task Force. That team is compiling
a comprehensive report for Congress, due in June, consisting of evidence and images collected from
other military and intelligence outfits.

Elizondo thinks the Task Force won't have enough time to complete its massive undertaking but
could finish the first phase. "I don't think it's going to be anything more than a 'Hey, yep, there's
something here. We don't know what it is. It could be some sort of new super advanced drone
technology, but it could be something else. And here's our plan for trying to figure it out.-

The Task Force has collected an impressive array of images and videos and has been briefing not
only Congress, but also the top brass in the Pentagon, intelligence agencies, and others.

Their briefing document is classified but many of the images contained are not. Two weeks ago,
along with filmmaker Jeremy Corbel!, Mystery Wire unveiled images that are part of the briefing
presentation created by the UAP Task Force.

Mystery Wire published the images which have since been reported by major news organizations all
over the world.

The Pentagon has confirmed that the three photos, taken by Naval aviators off the coast of Virginia
two years ago, are considered to be unknowns.

Months later, ships on the west coast were repeatedly buzzed by other unknown intruders including
what appear to be flying pyramids above the USS Russell, and multiple untrackable objects around
the USS Omaha including a dark sphere that shadowed the ship for an hour, then vanished into the
ocean.

The U.S. Navy, with the most sophisticated sensors in the world, does not know what the aerial
intruders are or who sent them. Elizondo acknowledges that, at some point, some of the objects
might be confirmed as foreign drones or other types of identifiable technology, but, he adds, he has
seen far too much evidence of objects that exhibit technology far more advanced than anything in the
US arsenal. "I don't know the answer. frankly, I don't think anybody does," Elizondo said. "And
anybody who tells you they do, I would approach them very cautiously. The bottom line is we don't
know. And we need to ask all the questions."

Still images from video recorded by the U.S. Navy showing Pyramid shaped UAPs flying above the
USS Russell. (Image sourced by @JeremyCorbell)Navy images showing trans-medium Sphere travel
from the air to underwater. (Image sourced by @JeremyCorbell)Still images from video recorded by
the U.S. Navy showing Pyramid shaped UAPs flying above the USS Russell. (Image sourced by

                                                     2
@JeremyCorbell)Still images from video recorded by the U.S. Navy showing Pyramid shaped UAPs
flying above the USS Russell. (Image sourced by @JeremyCorbell)

The U.S. Navy has had years to analyze the images, along with classified sensor data that has not
been made public, but still considers them to be unknowns. But debunkers on social mediainsist they
know what the Navy does not, namely that the "flying pyramids" weren't actually seen by anyone
because they were created by a feature in infrared lenses. Some have contended the pyramids are
actually distorted images of an airplane flying over the ship.

As for the other mystery drones, digital publications chide the U.S. Navy for its ignorance of Chinese
drone technology. Elizondo made clear his opinion of armchair experts. "If it's a foreign adversarial
drone, how come we don't have anything to ... I mean, look, we have counter drone technology on
ships, I'm not going to say what they are, but we can knock them out of the sky. Drones aren't a
problem for us. That's a fact. We have radar on ships, we know if it's a plane. We know if it's a
military aircraft. These are simple things to figure out. It's not like someone gets on the ship one day
with some infrared binoculars and says, 'Hey, that's strange in the sky, I'm going to go ahead and
record that.' The reason why they're recording is because it's probably something interesting in the
skies. In some cases, yeah, there could be a readily explainable explanation for it. But from my
experience, there's a lot that aren't and are very compelling."

Elizondo believes it is an insult to the Navy to argue that our military can't identify a Chinese drone or
that Navy experts in possession of classified sensor data know less about their own technology than
some guy on Twitter. He also thinks the Russians and Chinese are likely encountering unknown "
drones" and are asking the same questions as us.

"This is not a it's not just a us thing," he told reporters. "And I'll submit to you they probably wonder,
too, if this is some sort of super-secret U.S. technology being deployed over there. As much of it is a
mystery for us, you know, it's not our technology we're using against ourselves. You know, the same
question we asked, could it be foreign adversarial? I'm certain China and Russia are asking the exact
same question."


Below you can watch Lue Elizondo address the media and answer questions. We have split it
into three parts and included the transcript of the questions and his answers.

Lue Elizondo
Allow me to begin by offering a few thoughts. There's a lot more we don't know, than we do know.
Best case scenario with this report is that there's an interim report that's provided that will meet the
intent of Congress with a promise to to provide another report following this one. Unfortunately,
there's a lot more we don't know than we do. Now. The good news is that we're finally taking it
seriously. I think you've seen a lot recently in the media regarding anything from drones, to new
hypersonic test vehicles, by adversaries to maybe even our own technology. The bottom line is a
resounding yes, it can be all of those. But it also may be none of those. And for that precise reason,
we are really supporting the efforts of our UAP Task Force. As I stand, I just came back from
Washington, DC yesterday, still actively engaged in this effort. There seems to be a lot more support
now than there was last year and certainly a lot more than there was three years ago, we now have
bipartisan support on the hill. And furthermore, we have bipartisan support in the executive branch.
We've had recent statements by former Director of CIA, Woolsey, former Director of CIA, John
Brennan, former Director of National Intelligence, Ratcliffe, and all of them are saying exactly the
same thing, that it's real, there's something there, we need to look at it. And these are people from
                                                     3
both sides of the aisle, whether you're liberal or conservative, or anything in between. And
furthermore, a huge congratulations to you in the media. There was a time and probably not a whole
long time ago, where you would have touched the subject. Frankly, I didn't want to touch it in the
government, but I had no choice. It was given to me. So! get it. I know this is a topic that's been
fraught with stigma and taboo. Unfortunately, decades and decades worth of nonsense. There's a
reason why when you say the word UFO, you know, the tinfoil hats come to mind. That's just the
reality of it. But we're now beginning to realize that once you remove that away from the equation,
and we stick to really just the national security imperatives as in what is it? How does it work? What
are its intentions, etc, we begin to realize that this isn't a silly conversation, this is a conversation
about someone, somewhere is displaying beyond next generation technology in our controlled
airspace, and there's not a whole lot we can do about it. And what I would do is submit to you that if
we just take the word UFO out of it, just say Russia or China has the ability to fly in our airspace
unimpeded. And without detection, within minutes of taking off. That's a real problem. That's a real
problem. You know, we were faced with this issue every day where a Russian bear surveillance
aircraft will fly off the coast of California, or let's say, Alaska, the first thing we do our scramble to F 22
is is it's all over the front page of news, because it's a provocation. And yet, here we have the exact
same scenario, but because we don't have a North Korean tail number or a Russian star on the tail,
in fact, there's no tail at all on these aircraft. It's crickets. Nobody wants to have the conversation. And
I think that's problematic. But with that said, what I'd like to do is I didn't come here to discuss me, I
came here to address your questions, especially as this 180 day report is nearing its suspense of
June. That's not too far down down the road here. So with that said, I'm happy to address any
questions you have, whether it's about me and my past or the program, or what to expect from the
report. You know, anything I can do to assist please, please let me know. I'll hand it over to you folks.

Julian Barnes — New York Times
I would ask a question then about the report. Julian Barnes here, New York Times. You sort of said
that you expect an interim report, and then maybe something a follow on report is this the DNI kind of
biding time. What are the sort of ... with that what is the sort of best case scenario for what they may
say? Beyond, what has been told to us by the Navy? What if it is an interim report? What are the sort
of what's the best most we can hope for in terms of new information?

Lue Elizondo
Yeah, great question, Julian. First of all, let's let's be realistic. In some cases, it takes longer to
remodel a kitchen than it does to provide a 180 day report to Congress. I look at this in terms of
historic moments in time when we've been faced with something similar. Let's take 9/11 for example.
9/11 was, it was a horrible tragedy, and it was a huge intelligence failure on behalf of our country. And
it took nearly three years to come up with the 9/11 Commission Report. And that was because of one
failure. If it turns out that this has been occurring for decades, which it appears that it has been, then
what we're dealing with is an enormous intelligence failure, despite the very best of our 18
intelligence members, from CIA, NRO and NGA and everybody else. We've been blindsided. Despite
the best in our humans, intelligence and our signals, signals intelligence and imagery intelligence,
we've been blindsided and somehow we've been leapfrogged by a foreign adversary. Can you
imagine the intelligence failure that would be despite the billions of dollars that we allocate to this
effort? Furthermore, the fact that Congress wasn't informed. The fact that we actually knew about it,
and it was occurring, and we never informed Congress, or the chain of command. So therein lies the
problem as far as what to expect from the report? You know, I don't like to, I'd like to offer my opinion
very often, because the one thing I've learned in intelligence, you can be absolutely sure of
something and still be absolutely wrong. But here is my world according to Lue best case scenario,
that there's an interim report that is provided to Congress, I suspect it's going to list a lot more of the
unknowns than knowns. Basically, say, here's what we know, here's what we don't know. And here's
our plan of attack to answer those questions for you. And give us a little more time. And we'll write
                                                       4
another comprehensive report, hopefully, this time, a little bit more satisfying. You know, 180 day, I'll
give you a real real example, when I was working in the intelligence community. If you wanted to do
an investigation, let's say an internal audit or an IG investigation, it's not uncommon, it might take you
eight months just to get the necessary clearances and access. Just to get just to get access to the
information, then another year to do an assessment. There is no way 180 days is going to be
sufficient for any organization to do a comprehensive vulnerability assessment and meet the intent of
Congress. The intent that it wants and frankly, the intent that it deserves. So, you know, I don't think
it's going to be anything more than a 'Hey, yep, there's something here. We don't know what it is. It
could be some sort of new super advanced drone technology, but it could be something else. And
here's our here's our plan for trying to figure it out.' That would be that would be my hope and
suggestion. And I think that's, that's probably more or less what, what we can expect.

Gadi Schwartz — NBC News
Gadi Schwartz with NBC News. Just a couple of quick questions in terms of the process of
declassification. I know that we've seen what is possibly a slide from a briefing, that may have shown
something that was deemed declassified when it comes to requesting documents and understanding
that declassification process. Are there parts of those slides, or are there parts of those briefings that
have already been declassified and are available for public or Congressional review already? And if
that's the case, where do they live? Is it the DoD? Is it with Susan (Gough — Pentagon
Spokesperson), is it with the Navy? What would be the process of going about requesting those
documents?

Lue Elizondo
Yeah, great. Gadi, it's not a one stop shop unfortunately, I think that's the intent of the UAP Task
Force to create that centralized belly button that we haven't had, unfortunately, that information
resides in disparate locations throughout the IC, the intelligence community and in various pockets.
That's been the problem. It's, it's, it's not centrally located and not centrally accessible. This is why
this 180 day report is going to be so tough. You asked a couple questions there and I want to make
sure I answer them all for you, succinctly. You asked first of all, the classification process, is it
possible to have unclassified information within a classified presentation? Absolutely, we do it all the
time. In fact, the three three videos that were released earlier last year, they're actually released
before that, but the government acknowledged them last year. The Go Fast, FLIR, and Gimbal.
Those videos were actually unclassified to begin with, but they were residing on a classified system.
And that's why we had to go through the process of DOPSR, the Defense Office of Pre-publication
Security Review, in order to get them releasable. Even though that they were unclassified. They were
resident on a classified network. That's not uncommon. When we do presentations, and briefings
informative briefing store chain of command and Congress, it's routine that you may have a slide
that's classified secret or top secret. But pieces of information are unclassified. And then let's not
forget, if you have enough unclassified information jammed together, you could actually have yourself
a classified product. So that's not unusual either. As far as what you should do, and who would that
information reside, it would not be with Miss Gough. She's a Public Affairs Officer, PIO, she is not
operationally engaged, her job is to simply communicate with the media and the public. And
unfortunately, sometimes that communication hasn't been very consistently delivered in the past, but
that's neither here nor there. Probably the best mechanism would be Freedom of Information Act
FOIA process. But again, the problem here in lies that you would have to know where every bit of this
information is and where it resides, if you want it to go ahead and have it. Furthermore, just because
you submit a FOIA doesn't mean they're necessarily going to release it. There's been plenty of times
where I've had a FOIA request of information. And even though that bit of information may have been
releasable, it was embedded into a much more comprehensive product. And there was no way of
stripping that out. And that's through personal experience. So you know, the foi process is good, and
it's effective. And it's, it's, it's the legal way to do it. But it's not necessarily going to always give you
                                                      5
what you're looking for. And so I think, right now, what the media is doing is the best thing you can
do. Taking this topic seriously, looking at it from a national security perspective, and applying
pressure. Asking the PIOs the hard questions, you know, is this releasable? And if not, why? And
then Okay, well, then, how do we get to yes, how do we make this information releasable? You know,
there's a lot of, there's a bit of an art. It's not necessarily pure science, when you do the FOIA
process. Sometimes they'll tell you no, and then you have to resubmit again. And you have to go
through the appeals process. And yes, it's laborious, and yes, it takes time. And it's exhausting. But
that is the process that we have right now. Another way is to go engage elected officials directly. A lot
of these people have been given classified briefings, very nuanced information and sensitive
information. And, you know, maybe there's a way that they can tell you as the media, hey, look, this is
what I was briefed on without going into any specific details. There are members of Congress in the
senate right now that have been extremely forthcoming on this topic, and I suspect they're going to
continue to be increasingly transparent as more information comes to light.

Gadi Schwartz — NBC News
And real quick, just a follow up, I know that we've heard the five observables before and the video
and a lot of the evidence that we've seen doesn't necessarily show those in those snippets. But in the
totality of an experience it we're led to believe that these things are happening. In terms of signals,
intelligence, satellite imagery, you know, sonar radar, what have you. We get teeny tiny pieces of
something that's kind of in context, sometimes completely out of context, when it comes to what the
UAP taskforce has, what the DoD has, and what Congress eventually will have. What does that
picture look like? And are there, is there better proof than that picture? Is there better proof than a
video that may or may not be declassified?

Lue Elizondo
Yeah, absolutely Gadi, you never rely on single source reporting. This whole same holds true as an
investigative journalist as it does an intelligence officer. Think of a scene of an accident. You know, if
you drive by a scene of an accident, yeah, you see two cars that are crashed, but you don't know the
circumstances of how that occurred, who was behind the wheel and what actually happened. Very
much like the videos that were released. The danger is that when you only see a video, you don't
have the data backing it up, such as the radar data, maybe from multiple radar arrays, or another
camera footage from a different angle, and some of the pilots testimonies, you're only getting a
snapshot in time, at that time, and that's problematic because it's hard to jump to conclusions. And it's
natural for us to try to fill in the blanks within the void, if you will, in the absence of information, we
want to fill in with our own information. But that's problematic, because as we know, to all car
accidents, you have eyewitness testimony. You have telemetry on the vehicles to tell you how fast the
vehicle was going. You have people that may have been in a coffee shop that heard the accident,
right? You have cameras on the side of a building that actually saw a few seconds before the
accident and the crash itself. And that's really the job of the UAP Task Force, it's to collect all that
data. And that's the only problem anecdotally, when we see a video that is released, if it's released in
an unauthorized way, we will have the complete picture, right? It's like some of these videos that you
hear that came out originally, with the audio, that's helpful, because you hear the pilots say, you
know, while you hear the exasperation, what the hell is that? And do there's a whole fleet of these
things, what are they they're going against the wind, right, so that that helps put it into context, a little
bit about what you're seeing. But it's, you always have to be very careful when you're looking at just a
video and drawing any kind of conclusions. Let's also face reality, the more we sensitize our
intelligence apparatus and our national security apparatus, on the reality of these things and the more
we compel our sailors and soldiers and airmen and whatnot to report this and our Marines, the more
they're going to be looking at the sky, and the more they're going to see. And a lot of the things are
going to be normal things that we see. Normal, attributable, conventional aircraft technology, drones
and balloons and test flights of rockets and aircraft. So you know, it's a bit of a double edged sword,
                                                      6
we need to be prepared for that. And so what we what we need to do and the UAP Task Force should
do is propose a filtering system, if you will, that allows us to separate the wheat from the chaff as
more data comes in, we want to make sure that we have the ability to just pick out that data that
comports to the five observables. And who knows, maybe we'll find more observables in the future. It
may not be five, it might be six, it might be 10. We really don't know right now. We know the five as it
is compared to our conventional technology. And they are pretty exotic. Furthermore, I think it's
important Gadi that we recognize that this is a global phenomenon, we have not only our friends and
our allies wanting to enter into agreements with us, bilateral agreements for sharing your UFO UAP
related information. But we also have foreign adversaries as well, that are looking into this. This is not
just a US thing. We know Russia, China, they are equally interested in this topic, and for very good
reason. And there has been intelligence reporting, historically on the fact that they are concerned by
this as well. So, you know, this is not a it's not just a US thing. And I'll submit to you they probably
wonder, too, if this is some sort of super secret US technology being deployed over there. As much of
it is a mystery for us, you know, it's not our technology we're using against ourselves. You know, the
same question we asked, could it be foreign adversarial? I'm certain China and Russia are asking the
exact same question.

Gadi Schwartz — NBC News
And real fast, just directly, having been where you sat, what, what type of evidence have you seen
that is unexplainable today? Whether it be satellite or or sonar or radar, or pictures or video or
testimony? If you could just, you know, I understand we've talked before and I know you can't get into
specific encounters. But when it comes to the type of evidence that currently exists, within the
government, what type of evidence is there?

Lue Elizondo
Well, Gadi, there's not a gold standard. I wish there was, And therein lies part of the challenge. I've
been privy to witness to many extraordinary things. Unfortunately, ones that are classified I I'm not
going to elaborate or share. But I've said for the record before, we've had video, you know, some of
these videos are 20, 25 minutes long. In other cases, these things are 50 feet away from the cockpit,
very compelling. But with that said, I'm not at liberty to go into details in those but what I can say are
the ones that have come to light. I think, for me, the most concerning not most compelling but the
most concerning, are those incidents that involve our nuclear equities. There seems to be a very
distinct congruency between UAP, associated UAP activity and and our nuclear technology, whether
it be propulsion or weapon systems or whatnot. And that's concerning to the point where we've
actually had some of our nuclear capabilities disabled by these things. So, you know, again, let's put
this into context of foreign adversarial technology if Russia or China had the ability to disable our
nuclear strike capability or defense capability. That's pretty significant. That's a concern. For us. It
should be.

Gadi Schwartz — NBC News
Just to clarify, you're saying that our, our nuclear capabilities, whether they their weapons, or whether
it's a, you know, some sort of nuclear power plant, you're saying that these things have been disabled
by something we can't explain.

Lue Elizondo
There is absolutely evidence that comports to the notion that they have, that UAPs have an active
interest in our nuclear technology, and have in the past interfered with some of our nuclear
capabilities. That's fact. Yes.


                                                     1
Alex Horton — Washington Post
Yeah, appreciate it. Yeah, I have a question about the report after this. But first, you know, I was kind
of curious about, you know, you mentioned that some of the things could be drones or hypersonics,
etc. You know, and, you know, Occam's razor would suggest, you know, sometimes it could be, you
know, there is a there is a delta between what the DOJ and others would acknowledge publicly is, is
beyond their capabilities, but privately No, it is, perhaps in the norm or observed by other places, you
know, especially adversaries like Russia and China. So, you know, these videos started to come out,
like around 2017 or so. And, you know, we're four years later, are there capabilities or moments or
like further analyses that you're aware of? Where some of these well known videos or others,
because we've looked at it further and you know, that could be a drone or it could be hypersonic, and
here's why. Are you aware, can you describe any of those moments where further investigation
revealed? Perhaps something terrestrial and explainable?

Lue Elizondo
Yeah, sure. Actually, it was our that was our intended focus. And we were always trying to
deliberately find the conventional explanation for what we were seeing, that was our intent, that was
our hope. We didn't like unanswered questions. So that was always going in to any problem set. We
always presumed initially that there was some sort of conventional explanation. But this is how it
really is: this is the birth of the five observables. This is how it all started. So I'll briefly go there just for
a second for those who may not be familiar. But we have the technological capability to demonstrate
one, or maybe two of the observables, but not all five. And so what do I mean? So the first observable
is instantaneous acceleration. The human being can withstand about nine g-forces before we start
having negative biological consequences, such as read out some blackouts. To put that in contrast,
our F-16, which was one of our older aircraft, but still one of the most highly maneuverable aircraft on
the planet, manned aircraft, can pull about 17 G's before you start having structural failure, you start
having weeds begin to snap off the aircraft. And yet what we're seeing are doing 5, 6, 700 g-forces.
So that's pretty incredible. The other observable is hypersonic velocity. Now, those are speeds that
are by definition at Mach five or above. We do have vehicles that can do that. Hypersonics by
definition can do that. The space shuttle was something that would do it routinely in order to get into
escape velocity. We have the SRS 71. But to put that into context, the SRS 71 at 3,200 miles an
hour, if you wanted to make a right hand turn would take you about half the state of Ohio to do it. And
yet these things are doing it instantly. The third observable is a bit of an oxymoron, but it's low
observability. You'll hear the pilots say 'You know Lue, it's there. I see it, I can't explain it, because it
didn't have wings and have anything normally associated with the conventional aircraft. But it's there.
And the same thing on electro optical data, you see this fuzzy little blip, but that fuzzy little blip is
doing things that fuzzy little blips should be able to do.' Same thing with radar you get these
nonsensical radar returns like it looks almost like active jamming. Now, do we have low observable
aircraft? Of course, the B-2 bomber is a perfect example. $2 billion and you can make an aircraft you
know harder to see on radar, you can still see with the naked eye, but it's harder to see on radar. The
fourth observable is one that's just now getting attention which is transmedium travel. So let's take
our plane analogy again. Here's our plane. A plane looks like a plane because it's designed to
operate in our atmosphere. So you have a nose you have a tail you ailerons elevators rudders, so
you can control the jet engine to fly. A rocket which spends its time mostly in a vacuum environment
can't use a jet engine has to use a chemical rocket motor and uses thrusters to maneuver. And a
submarine, which spends his time underwater doesn't look like a plate or rocket. They use a propeller
to mechanically displace water and uses buoyancy to go up and down. Now, Are there examples of
transmedia vehicles that we make sure, let's take a seaplane for example, a seaplane is neither a
good airplane, nor is it a good boat. But it's a compromise in order to operate in two different
environments. Yet the things that we're observing both on radar and gun camera footage, and now it
appears even sonar don't seem to have any type of design compromise or any type of performance
compromised, they seem to be able to fly in low Earth atmosphere, in some cases 50 feet above the
                                                         8
water, in other cases, 80,000 feet and even higher, and in other cases underwater. And so when you
see that, you now recognize you're dealing with a technology that is substantially more advanced
than what we have. And then the last observable is something we can call it the vernacular, positive
lift or anti gravity, but in reality, there's only three fundamental ways we know how to defy the natural
effects of Earth's gravity. The first is through the phenomenon of flight where you have four forces,
thrust, lift, drag and weight. And when you understand those forces, you can create an aircraft and
wings and fly. Another way to defy Earth's gravity is through sheer ballistics. I can blow something out
of a tube, like a mortar, throw a baseball or even an intercontinental ballistic missile, put enough
charge and I can use enough energy to push it up. And then it'll eventually come back down. And
then the last way we know how is through lighter than air, buoyancy. Think of a hot air balloon or
helium or hydrogen, in which the density inside is less than the density outside of therefore it rises
somewhat like oil to water. And yet the things have no wings, no cockpits, no control surfaces, no
rivets in the skin, no obvious signs of propulsion, and somehow they're able to defy the natural effects
of Earth's gravity. How is that possible? You know, we don't, usually you need a propeller, or you
need a jet engine, or you need something to do that. And yet the things don't don't seem to be
abiding by that rule. And so when you have all of those observables being displayed by a single
vehicle, or a single thing, whatever this is, now, you're forced to scratch your head NASA hard
questions. Okay, are we really dealing with some sort of adversarial technology? Or are we dealing
with something fundamentally different? And therein lies the question. And that's where we are today.
This is why it's important that we leave all options on the table until they're no longer on the table. I
caution people running down the rabbit hole prematurely. You know, there's a lot of possibilities of
what this could be. But at the same time, I think we need to keep all options on the table until they're
no longer options.

Alex Horton — Washington Post
I have a two part follow up and then I'll turn it over to another reporter. So I just want to go back to
something you said earlier about the nuclear capability. And I was curious if there was evidence that,
you know, you've seen or understood that specifically suggested or concluded that it had an effect of
forcing something offline? Or could it be something like it was an unknown thing or a potential hazard
and someone, you know, a human being made the choice to take something offline as a
precautionary measure?

Lue Elizondo
Great, great question. Well, there's actually a third option too, and I'll get to that. So the first option is,
is there a direct interference? Yes, there appears to be some sort of direct interference at times, is
this next question, could this be a human doing something to disable it as a preventive measure? No,
that does not seem to be the case. We have no information substantiating that. Now the third option
is it could be a result of some sort of technological interference. Very much like the old car radios and
an alternator. A lot of times, you'd get that feedback in an old radio as the alternator spun up because
the electromagnetic, if you will, emanations coming from that alternator would interfere with radio.
And so you get this weird buzzing noise on the radio. It's not necessarily the intent of the alternator to
interfere with radio. It's just a byproduct of what it does. So that is also an option. It could very well be
that this technology, because of its application could be interfering with our nuclear technology. That
is certainly possible as well, we don't we don't have enough data yet to say conclusively one way or
the other.

Kristin Fisher — Fox News
I thank you so so much for doing this. This is fascinating. And I cover the White House for Fox. So
I've got a White House, sort of question for you. I know you said that you've there's bipartisan support
for this in the executive branch. But I'm curious, based on your experience, and what you've noticed

                                                       9
so far, how seriously do you think that the Biden White House is taking this threat? And what sort of
outstanding questions do you have for them in the lead up to this report being released?

Lue Elizondo
Sure, Kristen, also a great question. I would never want to answer on behalf of the Biden
administration. Nor did I for the Trump administration or any administration before that. What! can
say is that I think there is a sufficient amount of critical mass within the executive branch, where the
Biden administration is aware of this. I will also in all fairness put out there that these are tough times
for any administration. You're dealing with a global pandemic, you're dealing with transnational
terrorism, you're dealing with the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, you're dealing with
humanitarian issues, does you're and political issues here at home. So there's a lot of distraction right
now and a lot of pressure on the Biden administration. And I would never want to presume to answer
on their behalf. But I think if I were to have an opportunity to make a recommendation, it would be to
make sure to apply the necessary amount of resources and attention to this. So we can get some of
the answers. Because if it turns out because the government has already said for the record, this is
real, we're beyond that. This is, we're beyond the Rubicon at that point, when it's crossed. This is
real, whatever this is, this is real. If it turns out, let's just just go down this road for a moment. It's
foreign adversarial technology. And it turns out the United States has had strategic surprise, and that
we have been leapfrog technologically by decades by a foreign adversary. This would be one of the
greatest intelligence failures in the history of this nation. It would be it would be absolutely
catastrophic. And I think, I think we'd have a lot tougher questions to then ask ourselves. So I would
hope that the administration takes it seriously. If there's anything I could ever do for any
administration, I've always been nonpartisan. My job in the government has always been to serve the
president, it didn't matter if there were liberal, conservative or somewhere in the middle. It didn't
matter to me my job was just to execute the one of the president because that's the will of the people.
And so this administration should take this topic seriously, which I think they will and I think they do.
That's great. You know, I think they've got a lot on their plate right now. And I wouldn't even remotely
presume to know what that's like. I think they've got a lot to deal with. And this is just one of them. So
by no means am I saying this is the most important thing they need to deal with. But it is certainly
something they should deal with at some point.


Kristin Fisher — Fox News
And one more quick follow up. And pardon ignorance, you say that there's a lot of possibilities about
what this could be running for an adversary to something else entirely. I mean, can you just walk me
through what the possibilities are?

Lue Elizondo
Sure. So, and forgive me, everybody listening to this. But Kristin, you're asking, in my opinion,
probably one of the most important...

Kristin Fisher — Fox News
It's a basic question, but I'd love to get your take on it.

Lue Elizondo
It's one of the most important questions. So and here's why. We my background has been always in
science. I graduated college of microbiology, immunology, and in parasitology. For me, I've always an
as an investigator, it's always just the facts, ma'am, kind of guy. No nonsense. So that's the way I
pursue things. We as human beings, a lot of scientists speculate, because we are what we call cardio
social animals. We, we look in terms of extremes, everything we do is an almost in a binary sense. If
                                                      10
someone were to describe you something, it's usually in terms of it's good, it's bad, it's hot, it's cold,
it's black, it's white, it's up or down, it's left or right. And that is because some scientists now
speculate because most of our time, in our mother's womb, was listening to the rhythmic beat of our
mother's heart. And that's true with all of us that were born. And that's maybe why we look in terms of
this phenomena this way. It's either from earth or from outer space, right? But we realize that's not
necessarily true in the world of quantum physics and nature, we realize that there's many other
options in between. And every time we try to put something in a neat little box in the world of science
and nature were proven wrong. And that's why I say leave all options on the table. Most of us would
say if it's not Russian and it's not US then it's, and I hate to use the word, extraterrestrial. No
necessarily, there are all other options. And as crazy as it sounds it's just an option. We are, you
know, we all were aware of Newtonian physics, at the end of the Renaissance, and Sir Isaac Newton
introduced the notion of gravity and whatnot. Force equals mass times acceleration. And along
comes this guy with funny hair last century named Einstein and proposes relativity, and a whole
different model of the universe in which that space and time are actually connected. space and time
can be stretched, it can be compressed. And our whole notion of the universe is actually should be
considered should be different. Than 40 years ago, we really have the beginnings of quantum physics
and really a better understanding. And as bizarre as quantum physics is, we're now recognizing that's
really one of the fundamental ways to understand the universe we live in. And as crazy as it may be,
someone once explained it as you have a box and a dog walks into a box and out walks two cats.
And yet, that's exactly what we're seeing. And so my point being is that there are a lot of options
here. And I think we need to, this is why I say we need to keep all options on the table until they're no
longer on the table. I don't know the answer. Frankly, I don't think anybody does. And anybody who
tells you they do, I would submit to you know, I would approach them very cautiously. The bottom line
is we don't know. And, and we need to ask all the questions. And this is why probably, this is a bigger
question than just for national security. This is not just a potential national security threat, we probably
need to bring in academics and scientists and a whole bunch of folks to have this conversation. Yes,
there's a national security issue here. But there's also probably more to it.

Kristin Fisher — Fox News
Thank you so much.

Moderator
Let's jump to Brandy at Nextgov.

Bran di Vincent — nextgov.com
Thank you so much. And thank you, Louise, I report on the intersection of the government and
emerging technology at NextGov. I kind of want to stick with this topic for a second. I'm really curious
about lawmakers' appetite for this on the hill. You mentioned those briefings you've been to recently.
Can you tell us a little bit more about that? The lawmakers engaging you mentioned bipartisan,
please elaborate? Are they engaging with you with the invitation on their behalf? Or was it more you
reaching out to them? And would you say that the number of those interested in this is growing?

Lue Elizondo
Wow. Okay, so first of all, I have the utmost respect for our lawmakers and our representatives. At the
end of the day, they're there to serve the will of the people. And I believe that is exactly what they're
trying to do regarding this topic. I'm encouraged to see this nonpartisan effort or maybe perhaps
bipartisan effort to look into this. As far as discussing specific conversations with specific
representatives and or their staff, I'm going to politely sidestep that, and only because out of respect
for them, what I certainly don't want to do is is say anything that without these individuals permission,
regardless only because, you know, I think they're, I think they're still in the process of fact finding.
And I don't want to do anything to interfere with that process. And out of respect for them, I certainly
                                                     11
wouldn't want to speak on their behalf. What I will say is that it's been my honor and privilege from
time to time to to interact with certain people on the legislative and the executive branch of our
government to help facilitate this conversation, and be able to hopefully provide some lessons
learned when I was the director of AATIP where maybe some things we got wrong. So they don't
make the same mistake and we can spend taxpayer money in a responsible way. Right, let's not
reinvent the wheel here or this case, let's not make some of this make some of the same mistakes.
But I will tell you, there's a unanimous every time I've had this engagement. For the most part, there's
a unanimous reaction of Yes, this is a potential national security issue. I'll go one step further. Brandy
on this. And I've used this analogy before. If I may ask brandy, where were you calling in from?

Brandi Vincent — nextgov.com
From Washington DC.

Lue Elizondo
Okay, so Washington, so I'm sure. I'm sure like most of you, you all live in a very nice neighborhood.
Let me ask you a question: do you do lock your front door before you go to bed at night?

Brandi Vincent — nextgov.com
My apartment is so innovative that my front door locks automatically.

Lue Elizondo
Well, that's fancy, but I do the same thing. And there's a reason for that. In fact, I suspect, most
people you ask would probably say, not that we expect anything bad to happen, but just as a matter
of recourse, we usually lock our front doors, you might even check the windows from time to time and
turn on your alarm system before you go to bed. Let's say one morning, you come downstairs to have
a nice hot cup of tea or coffee. And all of a sudden, as you're walking downstairs, there's muddy
blueprints in your living room carpet. Now, no one's been hurt, nothing's out of place. Nothing's been
disturbed. But despite you locking the doors and the windows and turning on the alarm the night
before, there are money blueprints in your living room that weren't there the night before. Now, the
question is, is that a threat. And my response to you is that it could be if you want it to be. So we
probably should figure it out. And I think this is the same approach that our senior people in the
executive branch and legislative branch are taking. Now with that said, that's not necessarily
everybody. There are some pockets of elements within the executive branch, particularly that are very
resistant to this topic. And unfortunately, were one of the reasons why it's such a difficult time when I
when I first left the department, they were not happy about having this conversation. They felt that it
made them look inept. They felt in some cases that it challenged their philosophical and theological
belief systems. There were all sorts of, in some cases, they just couldn't process it. I would sit there
and give an hour-long briefing. I bring pilots in and the radar data and the operators and we get this
big briefing, with videos and photographs. And at the end of the briefing, I would just get this blank
stare. And they would just look at me and say, so how those Miami Dolphins doing this season? And
they just for whatever reason, couldn't process it. So I guess my response to you, Brandy is that
people will process this information differently. However, I remain optimistic with the interaction that
I've had, that for the most part everyone seems to be taking this topic in the manner that they should,
you know, with caution, but by diligence, and they're asking the right questions, and you know,
whether you're republican or democrat or independent, anybody who who's willing to take this on I
applaud. This is a nonpartisan issue. This shouldn't be a political conversation. This is a conversation
that involves every one of us. And, you know, I'm happy to see that conversation is now beginning.

Brandi Vincent — nextgov.com
Thank you so much. And just one more real quickly, if I may, since this is the first time that we have
met face to face. I've read a bit and seen a bit about you. But can you just elaborate really quickly on
                                                    12
your motivation? What drives you? Your journey with this has been a long one. So what keeps you
pushing?

Lue Elizondo
Brandi, Wow. I'm going to get emotional here. I took an oath A long time ago to serve this country and
to defend this country from all enemies foreign and domestic. My father was a political prisoner of
Cuba, we're an exile from Cuba because of my father's involvement in the Bay of Pigs invasion. This
country has offered my family the opportunity that no other country in fact, we were rejected from
from Cuba. This country gave us an opportunity that nobody else would or could. And from a very
young age, I was always told to pay back and serve. And so after college, I joined the Army. And after
the Army, I got involved in some special activities and, and became a member of the intelligence
community. It's about it's about the truth. This is a topic that doesn't belong into the provenance of
any government or organization or institution. You know, I took an oath. And when I left the
government, I was never relieved of that oath and ever said, okay, and you don't have to do this
anymore. You know, I, ironically enough, I left the department to finish the very job that they gave me
in the first place. It wasn't out of disloyalty I left the department, it was actually out of a profound
sense of loyalty. Serving it with people like Sean Cahill over here who were witness to something
extraordinary and yet their chain of command didn't want them to report it. In some cases people lost
their jobs. They lost their flight status, they've lost their security clearance and we're told that they
were crazy. And yet it turns out this was real. This was real. I I can't imagine the burden this has been
on the shoulders of some people. You know, as tough as it was for me Brandi. I had it pretty good
compared to some other people that lost their careers over this. And that's that's not right. That's
wrong. And I'm doing this for, for men and women in uniform who are still coming into contact with
you things as of today, like this week, this has never stopped, this is continuing to occur. And so I do
this for them, they need a voice. Someone has to be willing to, to talk to our elected officials and our
officials in government, have the conversation. It doesn't matter how inconvenient it is how
uncomfortable it is or how popular it is. As I've said before, this is not a conversation like fine wine
where the longer we keep a cork on it, the better it gets. This is a conversation like rotten fruit or
vegetables in the refrigerator. And the longer it stays in there, the more it's going to stink. We now
know beyond a reasonable doubt. As an investigator my job was very simple, collect the truth and
speak the truth and present that information to the jury. And that's all it didn't matter what Luis
Elizondo thinks, it doesn't matter what I think, what matters is what the jury thinks. And that's what
this is about. And in this case, the American people are the jury. My job is just to provide that
information to the jury and let the people decide what they want to do about it. And Brandi, I'll tell you
at the end of the day, if the American people have the discussion, and they don't want to do anything
about it, or they decide is not a priority, I'm fine with that, then I'll go retire, I'll go work at Walmart and
leave all this craziness behind because it's taken a tremendous toll on me. But to not allow that
people to have that conversation in the first place to me is far more dangerous than anything coming
into our airspace that we can't control. Because if we can't even have a conversation about it, we've
got bigger problems on our hands. That to me is the greatest failure of all that we can't even have the
conversation because of fear of reprisal and social taboo and stigma. That to me is the greatest
issue.

Brandi Vincent — nextgov.com
Thank you so much.

Moderator
Reese, before we get to you. I want to inject a question here from Duncan Phenix at CBS, Las Vegas,
whose microphone is having some issues. He wonders if you can address the concern that some
people have with these sightings, such as the recent pyramid video? Is it equipment issues or errors

                                                       13
or military personnel also seeing UAP with their own eyes and reporting what they personally
experienced?

Lue Elizondo
Yes, and yes. There's there's tremendous eyewitness accounts that's backed up by electro optical
data and radar data to substantiate that the event is real, and it's occurring. And in other cases, you
have a hyper sensitization of individuals, and they're reporting strange things in the sky. And it turns
out that sometimes those strange things aren't so strange. And that's what one would expect, right?
So the more people that look up in the sky, the more people are going to notice things. And the more
you're going to get miss-identifications. But that's okay, because that's the job of the UAP Task Force
should be anyways, to create filters to separate the wheat and chaff and be able to determine what is
regular what's not. I mean, now with today's technology, I can get on my personal device and look at
flight tracker, and I can see if that's a 737 I see over the horizon with blinking lights, I can see if it's a
helicopter, or I can look on the horizon over the water and use my application using AIS to determine
is that a ship and I'm actually looking at a shrimp boat and the lights off of a shrimp boat, you know
that that's okay. The problem is that a lot of these aren't, they're not drones, they're not they're not an
effect of the infrared camera, because you might have five or six different infrared cameras looking at
the same thing. And they're not all they're not all failing you. They don't all have to suffer from the
same issue. So that's when you have to scratch your head and say, okay, we're actually dealing with
something here. You know, that's, let's not forget, look, our men and women in uniform are trained
observers, just like law enforcement. And if I haven't said this before, I'll do it now. This is an
example. These are training aids that I had when I was literally in the military as an intelligence officer
in Korea. And you can see here these are silhouettes of aircraft, enemy aircraft. And pilots are trained
to the same level of, if not more, to be trained observers in the air, they have to make a split second
decision. Is that an enemy aircraft? Is it an su 22? Is it a MiG 25? is a European tornado. Is it an F
16? What is it? And they have to be able to do that from 20 miles away. Their life depends on it. And
so when they're reporting to you that they are encountering something that could do barrel rolls over
their aircraft that doesn't have wings, doesn't have control surfaces, rudders, cockpits, anything that
we normally associate with a traditional aircraft. You got to say, Okay, well, then well, what is it? You
know, is it some sort of foreign technology? Sure, I guess it could be, could be some sort of new type
of drone. But you know, drones still have to abide by our understanding of the laws of physics. And
therein lies a question again, okay, if it's a foreign adversarial drone, how come we don't have
anything to ... I mean, look, we have counter drone technology on ships, I'm not going to say what
they are, but we can knock them out of the sky. Drones aren't a problem for us. That's a fact. We
have radar on ships, we know if it's a plane. We know if it's a military aircraft. These are simple things
to figure out. It's not like someone gets on the ship one day with some infrared binoculars and say,
hey, that's strange in the sky, I'm going to go ahead and record that. The reason why they're
recording is because it's probably something interesting in the skies. In some cases, yeah, there
could be a readily explainable explanation for it. But from my experience, there's a lot that aren't and
are very compelling. And, and they're displaying the five observables, which is a totally different
conversation. That's what we're definitely talking about a drone at that point.

Reece — Washington Post
Thanks Lue for doing this. It looks like my internet connection might be cutting out at the wrong time.
But if you can hear me, I would love to know what visibility, you know, if any, the folks on this call
have into what will be included in the report? And what role if any, are you playing and actually
compiling it?

Lue Elizondo


                                                      14
So I'm going to politely defer the second question. I don't want to be evasive. But I also don't want to
do anything that puts the government in an uncomfortable position. If you want to know if there's any
role I'm playing with the government, I'm going to respectfully deflect and let you ask the government
and let them make a determination what an appropriate response would be. As far as what would be
in the report? You know, I think, as we discussed before, I made a funny joke that it takes longer
sometimes to renovate a kitchen than it does to, to put out this 180 day report. The 9/11 commission
report almost took three years. So I think it's very unlikely that we're going to have a comprehensive
report that Congress expects and deserves, frankly, at the unclassified level in time. I think what we
can hope for is a report, an interim report, that's going to say, here are the knowns, here are the
unknowns. And by the way, there's a lot more unknowns than knowns. And we're going, here's our
plan for addressing those on notes. And we're going to provide you another report periodically, until
we find those answers. My hope would be that we have an enduring capability. A Task Force, by
definition, government definition is a temporary capability. A lot of people don't know that. But that's
what it is, whether it is our task force, or the ID task force that we had established during Iraq. These
are all temporary bodies. And I think this topic deserves an enduring capability. And, frankly, maybe
even beyond ONI, Office of Naval Intelligence, maybe, maybe we need a whole-of-government
approach and bring in folks like NASA and FAA and NOAA and everybody else, maybe Department
of Energy, bring everybody to have bring in academics and scientists, from renowned universities,
bring in some of our international friends and allies to have this conversation, maybe, maybe even the
United Nations. You know, I don't think, I think we need to manage our expectations. If we think that
we're going to have a simple solution here. Come June. I think there's, there's, there's very little
chance of that happening. I think we're gonna wind up with more questions than answers. I think
they'll maybe have some answers. But there's probably going to be more questions in the long run.

Let me say this, if no one's gonna say anything, folks, sincerely, and from the bottom of my heart,
thank you for doing what you do. I know journalistic integrity is very important. Just like as an
intelligence officer, right, we, we kind of had the same mission, collect the truth and speak the truth.
And try to leave our personal bias out of it. And I know that all of you are taking a chance on even
listening to a conversation like this. But I will tell you that it is deeply appreciated. When I have a
chance, an opportunity to talk to people on the street. They're happy that this this, this this topic has
been covered. And finally being covered in a serious sense without all the, you know, nonsense
baggage that's attached to it. So I want to thank you, thank you all for your time this afternoon. And
again, just just doing what you do. It's profound as a civilian now. And then out of the government.
You know, thank you. I appreciate it very much.

Former Pentagon UFO investigator answers tough questions about flying pyramids and other UAP
sightings


                                                    15
Former Pentagon UFO investigator answers tough
questions about flying py...
MYSTERY WIRE — The intelligence officer who previously directed
the Pentagon's secret investigation of UFOs says...


                                                           16
Boampong, Dana M CTR OSD PA (USA)
                                          (b)(6)                                        (b)(6)
From:                                                              CIV USN NAWCAD (USA)
Sent:                                        Friday January 8, 2021 6:33 AM
                                           (b)(6)
To:                                                                IV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA); Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA
                                             (USA)
                                            (b)(6)                                                     (b)(6)
Cc:                                                              CIV USN COMNAVAIRSYSCOM PAX (USA);
                                             (b)(6)
                                                     CIV USN COMNAVAIRSYSCOM PAX (USA)
Subject:                                     RE: FOIA request assistance
Signed By:                                    (b)(6)


                (b)(6)
Good Morning

Following up to my below email.


We received the FOIA request below. The requester is asking permission to use the snapshot he took of the Video -
Gimbal.wmv that was released to include in a children's yearbook.

Who approves such requests for publishing rights?

We appreciate your time.


V   r
(b)(6)

           inator
Command Operations Group/NAWCAD
47122 Liljencrantz Road
Patuxent River, MD 20670

                         ON LY   -   PRIVACY SENSITIVE   -   misuse or unauthorized disclosure can result in both civiI-
cri-minal penalties"


From: (b)(6)                 CIV USN NAWCAD (USA)
Sent: Tuesday, December 15, 2020 4:19 PM
Tol(b)(6)              CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) : 6)                                       ; susan.l.gough (b)(6)
                                               1
Cc: (b)(6)              IV USN COMNAVAIRSYSCO PAX (USA) (b)(6)                                          USN
NAVAIRWARCENACDN (b)(6)           (USA) (b)(6)
Subject: FOIA request assistance

               (b)(6)
Good evening                          /Ms. Gough,

We received the below request. The requester reached back out and notified us he took a "Screenshot of the video" and
would like to use the screenshot of the video to publish in an elementary and secondary school yearbook.

Who approves such requests as this for publishing rights?

We appreciate your time.


                                                                    1
v/r,
 (b)(6)


FOIA Coordinator
Command Operations Group/NAWCAD
47122 Liljencrantz Road
Patuxent River, MD 20670

               61S-E ONLY PRIVACY SENSITIVE Any misuse or u-nauthorizcd disclosure can result in both civil and
criminal penalties"


From: (b)(6)
Sent: Monday, December 7, 2020 6:23 PM
To: NAWCADFOIA <AD_FOIA.GM.fct@navy.mil>
Subject: [Non-DoD Source] Video - Gimbal.wmv


 Hello,

I am writing to inquire request to use a still of Video - Gimbal.wmv.
I am part of a team at Lifetouch Inc. that publishes a current events yearbook insert for elementary and secondary
students. The award-winning insert, Zoom, has a print run of 1.5 million annually.
We would like to include a still of the video Video - Gimbal.wmv with corresponding credits to accompany our story,
which is an opportunity for free publicity and inclusion in a child's yearbook for decades to come. Please contact me
at your earliest convenience regarding my request for photo permission and the correct credits to include in our
current events insert.

Sincerely,

(b)(6)


(b)(6)
                      ch      .

   reme        pecia ist II I Creative Services
 11000    Viking Drive I Fcen Prairie, MN 55344
                             l
Office . (13)(6)
                          i
(b)(6)


                                                          2
(b)(6)
                              CTR OSD PA (USA)

From:                               Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
Sent:                               Thursday, September 24, 2020 6:46 PM
To:                                 Stratton, John F (Jay) SES USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
Subject:                            FW: [Non-DoD Source] Media Inquiry Regarding UAP Videos - Skeptical Inquirer
                                    magazine
Attachments:                        Re: [Non-DoD Source] Media Inquiry Regarding UAP Videos - Skeptical Inqu... (19.4 KB)


Jay,
Forwarding directly to you since Joe is out. The reporter's email is attached, my proposed response to his follow-on
question is below; Matt Cummings has cleared on it.

Regards,
Sue


From: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
Sent: Thursda Se tember 24, 2020 2:03 PM
    (b)(6)                                        (b)(6)
To:                    CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)'                                 ; Cummings, Matthew C (Matt) SES
OSD OUSD INTEL (USA) (b)(6)
Subject: RE: [Non-DoD Source] Media Inquiry Regarding UAP Videos - Skeptical Inquirer magazine


Follow-up question from reporter:
7) Would a distant plane of undetermined type and origin "remain characterized as 'unidentified'" even if could
be determined that it was a plane.
                                                                                                (b)(5)
I appreciate that this guy is trying to debunk some of the claims about the videos; still....
(b)(5)


From: (" 6)               CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)
Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 9:23 AM
To: Cummings, Matthew C (Matt) SES OSD OUSD INTEL (USA) (b)(6)                                           ; Gough, Susan L
(Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA1(b)(6)
Subject: RE: [Non-DoD ource] Media Inquiry Regarding UAP Videos - Skeptical Inquirer magazine


Sue/Matt,

Jay had no issue with #6... however he brought up a good point on 2 & 3....

Specifically, the phrase ' (b)(5)

That could be taken as saying that we would release any change in designation to the public.


                                                               1
 (b)(5)


  Regards,

  (b)(6)


     (b)(6)

     (b)(6)  U.S. Navy (Ret)
     N2N6 Strate ic Engagements
     (b)(6)


                                                                  (b)(6)
 From: Cummings, Matthew C (Matt) SES OSD OUSD INTEL (USA)
 Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 8:44 M
                                             (b)(6)                     (b)(6)
 To: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA )I                                                CIV USN DCNO N2N6
 (USA) (b)(6)
 Subject: RE: [Non-DoD Source] Media Inquiry Regarding UAP Videos - Skeptical Inquirer magazine


 Sue,

                                                                                    (b)(5)
  Looks good. I would have Joe check with Jay Stratton on the answer to number 6.
(b)(5)


  Matt

  Matthew C. Cummings, DISL
 (b)(6)


 From: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
 Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 7:33 P
 To: (b)(6)             CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)                         ; Cummings, Matthew C (Matt) SES
 OSD OUSD INTEL (USA) 0)0)
 Subject: FW: [Non-DoD Source] Media Inquiry Regarding UAP Videos - Skeptical Inquirer magazine


  You can read his full query below this, immediately below are proposed responses to his actual questions.


  1)What are each of the three videos (FLIR1, GOFAST, and GIMBAL) currently classified as?
(b)(5)


 2) If, after examination, it was determined that a video had a plausible explanation as an aircraft or balloon, then
 would that classification nublicallv change?
(b)(5)


 3) Would it change if the exact aircraft was identified?
(b)(5)


                                                             2
  4) Has the military determined that
   4a) FLIR1 shows an object essentially in level flight, making no sudden maneuvers
   4b) GIMBAL shows an IR glare that rotates due to the camera's gimbal rotation.
   4c GOFAST shows an illusion of s eed a hi h slow ob'ect a earin to be a low fast one.


  5) Other than being designated UAP's What more can you tell me about what is thought to be show in each
  video?


  61 Have any of the videos been used in pilot training?
(b)(5)


  Regards,
  Sue

  From:
  Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 7:14 PM
  To: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
  Subject: [Non-DoD Source] Media Inquiry Regarding UAP Videos - Skeptical Inquirer magazine

  All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the
  authenticity of all links contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web
  browser.


  Hi Sue,

  I'm writing an article for Skeptical Enquirer regarding the media coverage of the three Navy UAP videos. I saw
  your responses to Roger Glassel of UFO-Aktuellt, dated Sept 2, 2020, < Caution-
  https://www.blueblurrylines.com/2020/09/uap-task-force-pentagon-responds-to.html > and I wonder I I can get
  some extended clarifications regarding these two points:


         6) Will the public be informed about any findings from the UAPTF of the nature and/or origins of
         Unidentified Aerial Phenomena?

         Thorough examinations of any incursion into our training ranges or designated airspace often
         involves assessments from across the department, and, as appropriate, consultation with other U.S.
         government departments and agencies. To maintain operations security and to avoid disclosing
         information that may be useful to our adversaries, DOD does not discuss publicly the details of
         either the observations or the examination of reported incursions into our training ranges or
         designated airspace, including those incursions initially designated as UAP.


                                                           3
        7) If an observer initially characterize an observation as unidentified aerial phenomena, that he or she
        cannot immediately identify, and the observation cannot later be explained after an analysis by the
        UAPTF, or any other component, what will such observation be categorized as?

        Unidentified

 This is taken, by some, as indicating that the three videos are utterly inexplicable to the Navy, but I don't think
 they are. So my questions are:

 1) What are each of the three videos (FLIR1, GOFAST, and GIMBAL) currently classified as?
 2) If, after examination, it was determined that a video had a plausible explanation as an aircraft or balloon, then
 would that classification publically change?
 3) Would it change if the exact aircraft was identified?
 4) Has the military determined that
  4a) FLIR1 shows an object essentially in level flight, making no sudden maneuvers
  4b) GIMBAL shows an IR glare that rotates due to the camera's gimbal rotation.
  4c) GOFAST shows an illusion of speed, a high slow object appearing to be a low fast one.
 5) Other than being designated UAP's What more can you tell me about what is thought to be show in each
 video?
 6) Have any of the videos been used in pilot training?

 I understand the secrecy issues here. I would hope at least that I might get an answer that someone knows what
 they are. If they do actually have fairly mundane explanations, then it would be great to get that information
 out, perhaps in a simply manner, like "we have determined the likely cause of the UAP shown in video X"

 Regards,


 Regards,
(bX6)


                                                           4
(b)(6)

                           CTR OSD PA (USA)

 From:                               Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
 Sent:                               Friday, February 19, 2021 8:08 PM
 To:                                 (b)(6)            CIV USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA)
 Subject:                            FW: Copyright question
                                    1    (6)
 Signed By:
                                     .


 (b)(6)

 FYSA here's the response to the requestor, with all the info about public use of DoD VI.

 Regards,
 Sue


 From: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
 Sent: Thursday, February 18, 2021 12:06 PM
 To: (b)(6)
 Cc: (b)(6)                    CIV USN COMNAVAIRSYSCOM PAX (USA)1(b)(6)                                    (b)(6)
(b)(6)      CIV USN NAWCAD (USA)' LI"))(6)
 Subject: RE: Video - Gimbal.wmv

(b)(6)


 Based on what you've said, you may use a still of that video with the following caveats:
 -- Please read the Full Information down below to ensure you're aware of all the limitations regarding public use of DoD
 Visual Information
 -- Please credit the photo to Naval Air Systems Command
 -- Please include the following disclaimer: "The appearance of U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) visual information
 does not imply or constitute DoD endorsement."
 -- Request that you send any draft caption you're intending on using, if it has anything beyond the photo credit, as well
 as any other draft text that refers to the still photo. There is a lot of misinformation and misconceptions about this
 topic, and we want to ensure that what you say about any DoD Visual Information is accurate.

 Regards,
 Sue Gough
 Defense Press Operations
 Office of the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs

 Full information:

 Public Use Notice of Limitations
 Department of Defense (DoD) motion and still media files, hereafter referred to as Visual Information (VI), are provided
 as a public service by the DoD consistent with the DoD's Principles of Information. Policy on use of VI containing military
 persons, places, and things, regardless of its origin, for commercial advertisement, marketing, promotion, solicitation, or
 fundraising purposes is found at http://www.dimoc.mil/resources/limitations.

 No Representations or Warranties. DoD makes no representations or warranties of any kind regarding the suitability of
 using DoD VI for non-DoD purposes. Use of DoD VI is at the user's sole risk.


                                                               1
Publicity and Privacy Rights. VI postings by the DoD do not waive any publicity or privacy rights of any individuals
portrayed. For example, to display a photo of the Commandant of the Marine Corps on the cover of a cereal box would
likely violate his rights, not to mention infringe USMC trademarks.

Intellectual Property Restrictions. Military Department and other DoD component names, insignia, seals, symbols and
similar marks may be protected as trademarks or service marks and may not be used in commerce without prior written
permission. DoD Component Trademark Licensing Office contacts may be found at
https://clod.defense.gov/Resources/Trademarks/.

In general, DoD VI that are works of authorship prepared by U.S. Government employees as part of their official duties
are not eligible for copyright protection in the United States; however, some of the DoD VI available on DoD publicly
accessible websites may be subject to copyright or other intellectual property rights owned by non-DoD parties,
regardless of whether the VI is marked with a copyright notice or other indication of non-DoD ownership or interests.
Any use of this DoD VI other than as expressly authorized in this notice may subject the user to legal liability, including
liability to such non-DoD owners of intellectual property or other protectable legal interests.

Many official publications are not protected by copyright, and the content/text may be freely reproduced. That said, if
the cover, title page, etc. of the publication contain DoD trademarks, those marks must be removed prior to
dissemination.

Non-Endorsement Requirements and Disclaimer. DoD VI may not be used in a manner that could imply endorsement of
an individual, for-profit business, non-profit organization, or any other non-Federal entity (including DoD contractors),
product, or service. This applies to both domestic and international users. Endorsement of a non-Federal entity, event,
product, service, or enterprise may be neither stated nor implied. ALL users of DoD VI are requested to display the
following non-DoD endorsement disclaimer:

"The appearance of U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) visual information does not imply or constitute DoD
endorsement."

Commercial Use Defined: Use of VI by any individual or entity for advertisements, marketing, promotion, solicitation, or
fundraising purposes regardless of whether the user is a for-profit business, business industry organization, or non-profit
organization, including an educational institution. Commercial use includes a particular individual posting VI on an
internet-based capability that could then be distributed further, regardless of original intent. Commercial use does not
include activities described as "Productions Authorized for DoD Assistance" below.

Commercial Use Authorized. To the maximum extent practicable, all commercial uses are required to display the non-
DoD endorsement disclaimer above. Commercial users are also requested to obscure all distinctive U.S. military
markings (e.g., military emblems, rank insignia, tail or hull number, unit insignia, Service name) and other indicia that
could connote DoD endorsement from DoD aircraft, missiles, ships, and other hardware or uniforms that may be used in
any marketing or advertising campaign, to include any collateral products.

Non-Commercial Use Authorized. Except in cases of "Production Authorized for DoD Assistance" described below, DoD
VI may be distributed, copied, and used, for non-commercial, personal use, as well as historical, educational, or
newsworthy purposes or activities. Display of the non-DoD endorsement disclaimer is requested.

Productions Authorized for DoD Assistance. DoD VI obtained for use in a third-party production (e.g., motion pictures,
documentaries, television and video productions) for which the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs
has authorized production assistance is governed under separate authority and project-specific terms pursuant to DoD
Instruction 5410.15 or DoD Instruction 5410.16, and shall not be considered either Commercial Use or Non-Commercial
Use, as described and authorized above.

For More Information:

                                                              2
http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap1.html#105
http://www.usa.gov/copyright.shtml
https://dod.defense.gov/Resources/Trademarks/


         l_a)(6)
From:
         L
Sent: Monday, December 7, 2020 6:23 PM
To: NAWCADFOIA (b)(6)
Subject: [Non-DoD Source} Video - Gimbal.wmv


Hello,

I am writing to inquire request to use a still of Video - Gimbal.wmv.
I am part of a team at Lifetouch Inc. that publishes a current events yearbook insert for elementary and secondary
students. The award-winning insert, Zoom, has a print run of 1.5 million annually.
We would like to include a still of the video Video - Gimbal.wmv with corresponding credits to accompany our story,
which is an opportunity for free publicity and inclusion in a child's yearbook for decades to come. Please contact me
at your earliest convenience regarding my request for photo permission and the correct credits to include in our
current events insert.

Sincerely,

(b)(6)


Lifetouch
(b)(6)

Premedia Specialist II I Creative Services
11000 Viking Drive I Eden Prairie, MN 55344
        (b)(6)
Office:
(b)(6)


                                                          3
(b)(6)
                              CTR OSD PA (USA)

From:                                   Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
Sent:                                   Wednesday, April 21, 2021 10:26 AM
To:                                     john@greenewald.com
Cc:                                     (b)(6)             CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
Subject:                                 Re: [Non-DoD Source] Navy "Leaked" Material


Understand, John, and I really do appreciate you always trying to be accurate.

I just sent you what I'd sent R. Glassel. Hope that clarifies things for you.

Regards,
Sue

Sent from my iPhone


From: "john@greenewald.com" <iohnPgreenewald.com>
Date: Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at 10:06:58 AM
To: "Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)r)(6)
Cc: (b)(6)              CIV USN DCNO N2N (USA)" (b)(6)
Subject: RE: [Non-DoD Source] Navy "Leaked" Mated..

All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the authenticity of all links
contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web browser.


Hi Susan,

I am in no way trying to annoy you with this, but I do hope you can see my confusion. The "briefing slides" are of photos,
and despite you not confirming or commenting on the caption contents, I took what you said as confirming those
photographs as well since I sent them to you (and referenced them) with the rest.

However, it appears you were not commenting on those photos, hence my attempt to clarify here. Despite me
apparently overstaying my welcome on trying to clarify this issue, I assure you accuracy is my #1 priority, and I reported
what you told me as those briefing slide photos were, to my belief, authenticated by your statement.

Yet, it appears now that is not so, so I am trying to clarify what I read in a tweet that you sent you someone else.


Sincerely,


John Greenewald, Jr.
CEO - The Black Vault, Inc.
Caution-https://www.theblackvault.com < Caution-https://www.theblackvault.com >
Toll Free: (800) 456-2228
International: 1 (818) 655-0474
Fax: (818) 659-7688


                                                                      1
Mailing Address:
The Black Vault
27305 W. Live Oak Rd., Suite 1203
Castaic, CA 91384-4520


From: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
Sent: Wednesday, April 21, 2021 6:57 AM
To: john@greenewald.com
Cc: (b)(6)            CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)1( ))(6)
Subject: Re: [Non-DoD Source] Navy "Leaked" Mat nal

John, I specifically told you, twice, that I had nothing for you on any thing other than the photos and the video. I'll send you what I
sent R. Glassel so you have it.

Sent from my iPhone


From: "john@greenewald.com < Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com > " <john@greenewald.com < Caution-
mailto:john@greenewald.com »
Date: Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at 7:32:09 AM
To: "Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)" (b)(6)
Cc: (b)(6)               CIV USN DCNO N2N               (b)(6)
Subject: RE: [Non-DoD Source] Navy "Leaked" Mater!


All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the authenticity of all links
contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web browser.


Hello Susan,

I wanted to follow up as I saw a statement of clarification you sent to Roger Glassel wherein you apparently were NOT
referencing the "briefing slides" I had asked you about when your original statements went out?

Can you clarify that the images I sent you, in which I referred to the "briefing slides" were NOT confirmed when you sent
me that statement? I am a little confused, as my emails, and the one you responded to, specifically asked about those
"briefing slides". And I did follow up to TRIPLE check, with those specifically attached, and you said in reply to that
message that your statement applied to the photos as well, but nothing else. Given the slides are all of photos, I took
that as you were verifying the images, but not the data/information in the CAPTION itself, which I understood why.

Can you please clarify the above?

In addition, I have reason to believe the USS Omaha encountered this spherical shaped object on July 15th, 2019,
between the times of 10:30pm - 11:30pm pacific off the Coast of San Diego, California. With those types of specifics, I
am hoping you can confirm the incident with the UAS took place? Is there anything else you can add since it appears
the event itself is UNCLASSIFIED?

Thank you for your time...


Sincerely,


                                                                     2
John Greenewald, Jr.
CEO - The Black Vault, Inc.
Caution-Caution-https://www.theblackvault.com < Caution-Caution-https://www.theblackvault.com >
Toll Free: (800) 456-2228
International: 1 (818) 655-0474
Fax: (818) 659-7688
Mailing Address:
The Black Vault
27305 W. Live Oak Rd., Suite 1203
Castaic, CA 91384-4520


From: john@greenewald.com < Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com > <john@greenewald.com < Caution-
mailto:john@greenewald.com > >
Sent: Friday, April 9, 2021 4:20 PM
To: 'Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)' (b)(6)
ma ilto: (0(6)
Cc: (b)(6)             UV USN MA       2N6 (USA)' (b)(6)
mailto   (b)(6)
Subject: RE: [Non-DoD Source] Navy "Leaked" Material

I understand, and I sent two links, which did have those in it. So, I am just trying to be safe and triple check you meant all
of it.

For reference, this was the link I sent that had the "briefing slide" images with photos: Caution-Caution-
https://www.mysterywire.com/ufo/pictures-and-video-show-unidentified-flying-objects-moving-above-u-s-navy-
warships/ < Caution-Caution-https://www.mysterywire.com/ufo/pictures-and-video-show-unidentified-flying-objects-
moving-above-u-s-navy-warships/ >


Sincerely,


John Greenewald, Jr.
CEO - The Black Vault, Inc.
Caution-Caution-https://www.theblackvault.com < Caution-Caution-https://www.theblackvault.com >
Toll Free: (800) 456-2228
International: 1 (818) 655-0474
Fax: (818) 659-7688
Mailing Address:
The Black Vault
27305 W. Live Oak Rd., Suite 1203
Castaic, CA 91384-4520


From: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)I(b)(6)
mailto: (b)(6)
mailto: (0(6)
Sent: Friday, April 9, 2021 4:13 PM
To: john@greenewald.com < Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-
mailto:john@greenewald.com >
Cc: 0)0)                 CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)
mailto (b)(6)


                                                              3
mailto: (b)(6)
Subject: RE: [Non-DoD Source] Navy "Leaked" Material

The only thing that my statement confirms is that the photos and videos in that Mystery Wire article are photos and
videos taken by Navy personnel. I have nothing for you on anything else in the article.

Regards,
Sue

From: john@greenewald.com < Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-
mailto:john@greenewald.com > <john@greenewald.com <Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com <Caution-
mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com > > >
Sent: Friday, April 9, 2021 7:07 PM
To: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA, (b)(6)
mailto (b)(6)
mailto 0)0)
Cc: (b)(6)               CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)
mailto:   (b)(6)

mailto:, (b)(6)
Subject: RE: [Non-DoD Source] Navy "Leaked" Material

All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the
authenticity of all links contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web
browser.


The below were allegedly leaked SLIDES from a classified briefing presentation.

Can you confirm they are?


                                                           4
   cCS4 9 Cwirent iu) USS RUSSiLL *beamed 31 Ude UAS seeedeety tristioder to shape tram der    --.1
   alio of obewration Porrerinq apprommtabely 70011 over RS1. e OMR Two of The UAS are pictured
   AMOK


 July 2019/ USS Russell / Warning area off of San Diego / Strike Group 9/ UAS = Unmanned Aerial System


   cCSOI, Ce00 Whird IU USS OMAHA obwved a postabie VAS wearies! in *hap. moving Iowan:hi the
   stef ace ot ewe water and thew Ossappwing QUA assessed Vie otmict had sunk Allompla In vaarciv
   Mit Wag 1er ',wear were inerewirre.


 USS Omaha / UAS = Unmanned Aerial System


Sincerely,


John Greenewald, Jr.
CEO - The Black Vault, Inc.
Caution-Caution-Caution-https://www.theblackvault.com < Caution-Caution-Caution-https://www.theblackvault.com >
                                                                                             5
Toll Free: (800) 456-2228
International: 1 (818) 655-0474
Fax: (818) 659-7688
Mailing Address:
The Black Vault
27305 W. Live Oak Rd., Suite 1203
Castaic, CA 91384-4520


From: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA (b)(6)
mailto (b)(6)
mailto: (b)(6)
Sent: Friday, April 9, 2021 4:04 PM
To: john@greenewald.com < Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-
mailto:john@greenewald.com >
                                                  (b)(6)
Cc: (b)(6)               CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
mailto (b)(6)
mailto (b)(6)
Subjec : RE: [Non-DOD Source] Navy "Leaked" Material

I'm not sure I understand your question, John.

From: john@greenewald.com < Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-
mailto:john@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-Caution-
mailto:john@greenewald.com > <john@greenewald.com <Caution-Caution-Caution-
mailto:john@greenewald.com <Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-
mailto:john@greenewald.com <Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-
mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-
mailto:john@greenewald.com > > »
Sent: Friday, April 9, 2021 6:47 PM
                                          (b)(6)
To: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
mailto: (b)(6)
mailto:
mailto:1 (b)(6)
(b)(6)

Cc: (b)(6)             CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)
mailto (b)(6)
mailto
mailto (b)(6)
Caution-mailto: (b)(6)
Subject: RE: [Non-DOD Source] Navy "Leaked" Material

All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the
authenticity of all links contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web
browser.


I understand.

Can you confirm your statement is attributable to the leaked briefing slide photographs as well?


                                                           6
 Sincerely,


 John Greenewald, Jr.
 CEO - The Black Vault, Inc.
 Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-https://www.theblackvault.com < Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-
 https://www.theblackvault.com >
 Toll Free: (800) 456-2228
 International: 1 (818) 655-0474
 Fax: (818) 659-7688
 Mailing Address:
 The Black Vault
 27305 W. Live Oak Rd., Suite 1203
 Castaic, CA 91384-4520


 From: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
 mailto (b)(6)
 mailto
 mailto: (b)(6)
  (b)(6)

 Sent: Friday, April 9, 2021 3:45 PM
 To: john@greenewald.com < Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com >
 Cc: (b)(6)               CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)
          (b)(6)
 mailto,
 mailto
 mailto
(b)(6)

 Subject: RE: [Non-DoD Source] Navy "Leaked" Material

 John,
 I have nothing further for you beyond what I provided.

 Regards,
 Sue

 From: john@greenewald.com < Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-Caution-mailtolohn@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-
 Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com > <john@greenewald.com <Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com <Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-
 Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com <Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-
 Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-mailtolohn@greenewald.com %3c Caution-
 Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com < Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-
 Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-
 Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-
 Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com > > > »
 Sent: Friday, April 9, 2021 6:41 PM
                                           (b)(6)
 To: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
 mailto (b)(6)                                                                                             j
(b)(6)

                                                          7
(b)(6)


 Cc: (b)(6)
  (b)(6)
                         CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)                                                                        r


 Subject: RE: [Non-DoD Source] Navy "Leaked" Material

 All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the
 authenticity of all links contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web
 browser.


 Thank you for this.

 Can you please confirm if these are, in fact, still considered "unidentified" as a designation, like the "Gimbal", "GoFast"
 and "Flir1" videos previously recognized as such?

 Thank you...


 Sincerely,


 John Greenewald, Jr.
 CEO - The Black Vault, Inc.
 Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-https://www.theblackvault.com < Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-
 https://www.theblackvault.com >
 Toll Free: (800) 456-2228
 International: 1 (818) 655-0474
 Fax: (818) 659-7688
 Mailing Address:
 The Black Vault
 27305 W. Live Oak Rd., Suite 1203
 Castaic, CA 91384-4520


 From: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)
(b)(6)

                                                               8
(b)(6)


 Sent: Friday, April 9, 2021 3:09 PM
 To: john@greenewald.com < Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-
 Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com >
 Cc: (b)(6)               CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)
(b)(6)


 Subject: RE: [Non-DoD Source] Navy "Leaked" Material

 John,

 I can confirm that the referenced photos and videos were taken by Navy personnel. The UAPTF has included these
 incidents in their ongoing examinations.

 As we have said before, to maintain operations security and to avoid disclosing information that may be useful to
 potential adversaries, DOD does not discuss publicly the details of either the observations or the examinations of
 reported incursions into our training ranges or designated airspace, including those incursions initially designated as
 UAP.

 Regards,
 Sue Gough
 Department of Defense spokesperson

 From: john@greenewald.com < Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-
 Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com > < Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com > <john@greenewald.com < Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com <Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-
 Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com <Caution-Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-
 Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com <Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-
 Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-

                                                              9
 mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-
 Ca ution-Ca ution-Ca ution-Ca ution-mailto:john@greenewald.com < Ca ution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-
 Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-
 Ca ution-Ca ution-Ca ution-Ca ution-ma ilto:jo hn@greenewa Id .com %3c Ca ution-Ca ution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-
 Ca ution-Ca ution-Ca ution-Ca ution-ma ilto:jo hn@greenewa Id .com %3c Ca ution-Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-
 mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-mailto:john@greenewald.com %3c Caution-
 Ca ution-Ca ution-Ca ution-Ca ution-ma ilto:jo hn@greenewa Id .com > > > > > >
 Sent: Friday, April 9, 2021 7:41 AM
                                               I irk\ in\
 To: Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV USD PA (USA)!
(b)(6)


 Cc: (b)(6)           CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA) (b)(6)
 (b)(6)


                                                       10
(b)(6)


Subject: [Non-DoD Source] Navy "Leaked" Material


All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the
authenticity of all links contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web
browser.


Good morning to you both,

I wanted to touch base, as we close this week, regarding EVEN MORE "leaked" Navy material, touted to be
UNCLASSIFIED, on the topic of UAPs.

I understand I pursue a lot of questions with you both, and most time come up with the stance that the DOD/NAVY etc
will not comment on potentially ongoing UAP issues.

     1.   However, I am hoping you both will indulge me to again, so I will ask if there is any comment the DOD/Navy can
          give about the allegations that U.S. Navy PHOTOS, briefings slides, AND VIDEO that have been leaked and
          profiled below, are genuine, and are they considered UAPs / Unidentified as an official designation?

New UAP photographs: Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-https://www.mysterywire.com/ufo/new-
uap-photographs/ < Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-https://www.mysterywire.com/ufo/new-uap-
photographs/ >
New leaked video and briefing slides: Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-
https://www.mysterywire.com/ufo/pictures-and-video-show-unidentified-flying-objects-moving-above-u-s-navy-
warships/ < Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-https://www.mysterywire.com/ufo/pictures-and-video-
show-unidentified-flying-objects-moving-above-u-s-navy-warships/ >

This is something that I would assume, since the sites about are off-shoots from a CBS affiliate site, that they will get
additional attention and press elsewhere, and likely fast. So, I'd like to get out ahead of that with official comment, since
none of these write-ups make reference to any DOD stance or comment.

In addition, I want to ask about these "leaks" themselves. According to those who wrote the above, what they show is
UNCLASSIFIED, yet, some of it comes from a CLASSIFIED briefing. So, I'd like to ask:

     2.   What, if anything, is being done about a seemingly problematic scenario where numerous photographs, videos
          and presentation slides from classified briefings are finding their way to the internet without proper
          review/release of presumably FOUO information?
                                                             11
I appreciate any help/quotes for the above.

Sincerely,


John Greenewald, Jr.
CEO - The Black Vault, Inc.
Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-https://www.theblackvault.com < Caution-Caution-Caution-Caution-
Caution-Caution-https://www.theblackvault.com >
Toll Free: (800) 456-2228
International: 1 (818) 655-0474
Fax: (818) 659-7688
Mailing Address:
The Black Vault
27305 W. Live Oak Rd., Suite 1203
Castaic, CA 91384-4520


                                                       12
(b)(6)
                                CTR OSD PA (USA)

 From:                               Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
 Sent:                               Thursday. February 18, 2021 11:22 AM
 To:                                 (b"6)            CIV USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA);                   CIV USN
                                     NAWCAD (USA); (b)(6)                CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
                                     (b)(6)
 Cc:                                                    CIV USN COMNAVAIRSYSCOM PAX (USA)142                CIV
                                     (USA); (b)(6)                CIV (USA); (b)(6)          [USN DCNO N2N6
                                     (USA); (b)(6)                 USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA)
 Subject:                            RE: Copyright Permission Request
 Signed By:                          (b)(6)


 Because it's now posted on a FOIA Reading Room — a publicly available site — this is now treated the same as any other
 publicly available DoD Visual Information (VI). Basically, they have to give appropriate photo credit (Naval Air Systems
 Command) and include a disclaimer. We can't stop them from using it. We can request (not require) to review any
 caption beyond the photo credit, and to review any text referring to the still photo, to insure it's accuracy (that's
 standard for book support requests).

 I'm going to be answering the requestor here shortly, ccing (b)(6)                  . If you want to see my response, let
 me know.

 Regards,
 Sue
 Defense Press Operations, OSD(PA)


 From. (b)(6)            CIV USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA)
 Sent: Wednesday, February 17, 2021 4:15 PM
 To: (b)(6)                CIV USN NAWCAD (USA) (b)(6)
 Cc: (b)(6)             CIV USN COMNAVAIRSYSCOM PAX (USA) L)   (I 6)                       (b)(6)                     CIV
                                      (b)(6)
 (USA) (b)(6)                                           CIV (USA) (b)(6)                    (b)(6)
                         (b)(6)
 USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)                                 Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
                                 (b)(6)               USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA) (b)(6)
                                                                                                                  •
 Subject: RE: Copyright Permission Request


 VR/ (b)(6111

  (b)(6)                                                    1=1
 General Counsel to the
 Office of Naval Intelligence
 Phone I (b)(6)
 NSTS: (b)(6)
 JWICS (b)(6)


                                                              1
         (b)(6)
From:                       CIV USN NAWCAD (USA) (b)(6)
Sent: Wednesday, February 17, 2021 3:20 PM
To: 1(b)(6)          CIV USN ONI WASHINGTON DC (USA) (b)(6)
Cc: (b)(6)             CIV USN COMNAVAIRSYSCOM PAX (USA) (b)(6)
Subject: Copyright Permission Request

Good Afternoon (b)(6)

We received a FOIA request in which the requester is asking for copyright permissions regarding the gimbal.wmv video.

(b)(5)                                                                                                           I have
worked withl (b)(6)     land (b)(6)          I regarding the three videos you had sent over due to other FOIA requests
received.

Do you have a point of contact that we can refer this requester to who could grant permission for Mr. Kingsley to use
the still shot of the video he took for a children's yearbook?

We appreciate your time.


 01A Coordinator
Command Operations Group/NAWCAD
47122 Liljencrantz Road
Patuxent River, MD 20670

TOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY                 PRIVACY SE++S-I-T-I-VE----A-rry-rrristrst—or-a-trt+rarizzd-d-i-s-c-k-s-trre-c-a-n-re-s4t-i-rrbut-lr
civil and criminal penalties."


From. (b)(6)
Sent: Monday, December 7, 2020 6:23 PM
To: NAWCADFOIA (b)(6)
Subject: [Non-DoD Source] Video - Gimbal.wmv

Hello,

I am writing to inquire request to use a still of Video - Gimbal.wmv.
I am part of a team at Lifetouch Inc. that publishes a current events yearbook insert for elementary and secondary
students. The award-winning insert, Zoom, has a print run of 1.5 million annually.
We would like to include a still of the video Video - Gimbal.wmv with corresponding credits to accompany our story,
which is an opportunity for free publicity and inclusion in a child's yearbook for decades to come. Please contact me
at your earliest convenience regarding my request for photo permission and the correct credits to include in our
current events insert.

Sincerely,
(b)(6)


                                                                    2
(b)(6)


  reme ia pecia ist I I Creative Services
 11000 Vikinn Drive!, I Fden Prairie, MN 55344
           (b)(6)
 Offin -
(b)(6)


                                                 3
Boampong, Dana M CTR OSD PA (USA)

From:                               Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
Sent:                               Thursda , Februar 18, 2021 12:06 PM
To:                                (b)(6)
                                                                                                          (b)(6)
Cc:                                                              CIV USN COMNAVAIRSYSCOM PAX (USA);
                                   (b)(6)                        AD (USA)
Subject:                            •       vi•eo - Gimbal.wmv
                                   (b)(6)
Signed By:
                                                                 i

(b)(6)


Based on what you've said, you may use a still of that video with the following caveats:
-- Please read the Full Information down below to ensure you're aware of all the limitations regarding public use of DoD
Visual Information
-- Please credit the photo to Naval Air Systems Command
-- Please include the following disclaimer: "The appearance of U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) visual information
does not imply or constitute DoD endorsement."
-- Request that you send any draft caption you're intending on using, if it has anything beyond the photo credit, as well
as any other draft text that refers to the still photo. There is a lot of misinformation and misconceptions about this
topic, and we want to ensure that what you say about any DoD Visual Information is accurate.

Regards,
Sue Gough
Defense Press Operations
Office of the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs

Full information:

Public Use Notice of Limitations
Department of Defense (DoD) motion and still media files, hereafter referred to as Visual Information (VI), are provided
as a public service by the DoD consistent with the DoD's Principles of Information. Policy on use of VI containing military
persons, places, and things, regardless of its origin, for commercial advertisement, marketing, promotion, solicitation, or
fundraising purposes is found at http://www.dimoc.mil/resources/limitations.

No Representations or Warranties. DoD makes no representations or warranties of any kind regarding the suitability of
using DoD VI for non-DoD purposes. Use of DoD VI is at the user's sole risk.

Publicity and Privacy Rights. VI postings by the DoD do not waive any publicity or privacy rights of any individuals
portrayed. For example, to display a photo of the Commandant of the Marine Corps on the cover of a cereal box would
likely violate his rights, not to mention infringe USMC trademarks.

Intellectual Property Restrictions. Military Department and other DoD component names, insignia, seals, symbols and
similar marks may be protected as trademarks or service marks and may not be used in commerce without prior written
permission. DoD Component Trademark Licensing Office contacts may be found at
https://dod.defense.gov/Resources/Trademarks/.

In general, DoD VI that are works of authorship prepared by U.S. Government employees as part of their official duties
are not eligible for copyright protection in the United States; however, some of the DoD VI available on DoD publicly
accessible websites may be subject to copyright or other intellectual property rights owned by non-DoD parties,

                                                                 1
regardless of whether the VI is marked with a copyright notice or other indication of non-DoD ownership or interests.
Any use of this DoD VI other than as expressly authorized in this notice may subject the user to legal liability, including
liability to such non-DoD owners of intellectual property or other protectable legal interests.

Many official publications are not protected by copyright, and the content/text may be freely reproduced. That said, if
the cover, title page, etc. of the publication contain DoD trademarks, those marks must be removed prior to
dissemination.

Non-Endorsement Requirements and Disclaimer. DoD VI may not be used in a manner that could imply endorsement of
an individual, for-profit business, non-profit organization, or any other non-Federal entity (including DoD contractors),
product, or service. This applies to both domestic and international users. Endorsement of a non-Federal entity, event,
product, service, or enterprise may be neither stated nor implied. ALL users of DoD VI are requested to display the
following non-DoD endorsement disclaimer:

"The appearance of U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) visual information does not imply or constitute DoD
endorsement."

Commercial Use Defined: Use of VI by any individual or entity for advertisements, marketing, promotion, solicitation, or
fundraising purposes regardless of whether the user is a for-profit business, business industry organization, or non-profit
organization, including an educational institution. Commercial use includes a particular individual posting VI on an
internet-based capability that could then be distributed further, regardless of original intent. Commercial use does not
include activities described as "Productions Authorized for DoD Assistance" below.

Commercial Use Authorized. To the maximum extent practicable, all commercial uses are required to display the non-
DoD endorsement disclaimer above. Commercial users are also requested to obscure all distinctive U.S. military
markings (e.g., military emblems, rank insignia, tail or hull number, unit insignia, Service name) and other indicia that
could connote DoD endorsement from DoD aircraft, missiles, ships, and other hardware or uniforms that may be used in
any marketing or advertising campaign, to include any collateral products.

Non-Commercial Use Authorized. Except in cases of "Production Authorized for DoD Assistance" described below, DoD
VI may be distributed, copied, and used, for non-commercial, personal use, as well as historical, educational, or
newsworthy purposes or activities. Display of the non-DoD endorsement disclaimer is requested.

Productions Authorized for DoD Assistance. DoD VI obtained for use in a third-party production (e.g., motion pictures,
documentaries, television and video productions) for which the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs
has authorized production assistance is governed under separate authority and project-specific terms pursuant to DoD
Instruction 5410.15 or DoD Instruction 5410.16, and shall not be considered either Commercial Use or Non-Commercial
Use, as described and authorized above.

For More Information:
http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap1.html#105
http://www.usa.gov/copyright.shtml
https://dod.defense.gov/Resources/Trademarks/


From: (b)(6)
Sent: Monday, December 7, 2020 6:23 PM
To: NAWCADFOIA (b)(6)
Subject: [Non-DoD Source] Video - Gimbal.wmv


                                                              2
 Hello,

I am writing to inquire request to use a still of Video - Gimbal.wmv.
I am part of a team at Lifetouch Inc. that publishes a current events yearbook insert for elementary and secondary
students. The award-winning insert, Zoom, has a print run of 1.5 million annually.
We would like to include a still of the video Video - Gimbal.wmv with corresponding credits to accompany our story,
which is an opportunity for free publicity and inclusion in a child's yearbook for decades to come. Please contact me
at your earliest convenience regarding my request for photo permission and the correct credits to include in our
current events insert.

Sincerely,

(b)(6)


                      ch
 remedia Specialist II I Creative Services
11000 Vikinn Drive I Fden Prairie, MN 55344
        (b)(6)
Office:
(b)(6)


                                                          3
(b)(6)
                           CTR OSD PA (USA)

From:                                 Gough, Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA)
Sent:                                 Thursday, March 25, 2021 1:24 PM
To:                                   (b)(6)             CIV USN DCNO N2N6 (USA)
Subject:                              FW: [Non-DOD Source] (b)(6)        alleges criminal fraud on USG Military by (b)(6)
                                      (b)(6)                    land others at TTSA.
 Signed By:                          (b)(6)


Just some ongoing interesting infighting amongst the community, about the infamous three videos..

From: (b)(6)
Sent: Thursday, March 25, 2021 1:20 PM
To: (b)(6)
(b)(6)


                                    , Susan L (Sue) CIV OSD PA (USA) (b)(6)


 Subject: [Non-DoD Source] (b)(6)             alleges criminal fraud on USG Military by (b)(6)                          and
 others at USA.


All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the
authenticity of all links contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web
browser.


                                     (b)(6)
 On Mar 25, 2021, at 9:59 AM,                                                     < Caution-
 mailto (b)(6)                >> wrote:


                                                                  1
Oh I know for a fact there are more videos. In fact you will remember I mentioned this on the same show you
were on with (b)(6) A

My main contention is this. We are being led to believe that the three videos that were released by the
Department of Defense are representations of objects that they cannot classify. This is not true. Not only is it
not true it was exacerbated through the lies told to us by 1:(3)(6)                           11-            , and
basically everyone from TTSA.
(b)(6)
    : These are serious allegations of criminal fraud. For the record, I am not making these allegations. I
have no direct information nor competence in evaluating the authenticity of the videos nor the motives of
those named by Turber.

What is perplexing to me is the fact that one of the three videos is so egregious and so outrageously filled with
self-debunking information that it was even allowed to remain as one of the three. I mean seriously, how in the
world could this have slipped through the cracks with the crackpot team that was put together by


The other two videos are at least arguable because its very difficult to prove anything with the clarity and
information provided.

The reason why I'm putting so much emphasis on this one video is because it is the only video of the three that I
can prove 100% without any argument that I am correct in my measurements of altitude and measurements of
speed and measurements of size. in fact I'm obviously not the only one who has done this. But I have gone
directly to the sources as best I could to get them to take another look at their own video and to correct any
errors that they find. Did they do this? No of course not! They doubled down and reiterated the same
information on a television show that they created. How amazingly stupid is this?

Now any one of you can do the same math. In fact I would hope that some of you have already done so and can
see that what I'm telling you is absolutely true. so assuming that what I'm telling you is absolutely true then why
has it been three and a half years of pushing this particular video as being an unidentified or at the very least
unclassified object based on its speed and relative altitude?
!MT-       is avoiding the question for a reason. I know what the reason is. and essentially he's backed
into a corner right now. He's damned if he does and he's certainly damned if he doesn't.

Checkmate (b)(6)        41 you picked the wrong guy to pick on. Have a great day, because your weekend probably
won't be so fun.

Best Regards,

On Thu, Mar 25, 2021, 12:12 PM P (6)                                                < Caution-
mailto                          > wrote:

         , I have no love for   MM.!as you know. I suspect that he is really a hybrid of a frog with a human. ;-)
  You may well be correct about these videos, I am no expert on that and unlike Eric Davis I know my limits.
  Davis accusing me on Dunning-Kruger is classic psychological projection of his own emotional instability.

  However, please look at this video


                                                            2
Caution-
https://twitter.coml 11                         /status/1374947587090870273?s=20 < Ca
ution-
https://twitter.com/ (b)(6)                     /status/1374947587090870273?s=20 >

The allegation is that there are many more classified videos with much
more clarity.


On Mar 25, 2021, at 8:00 AM, L6                                           < Caution-
ma ilt0 (3)(6)                 > wrote:
(b)(6)


You have avoided the same simple question since this began months ago. YOU keep bringing me up which
tells me I have hit a nerve with you. You keep using fallacies and personal attacks to reply which tells us more
about you than it does about me.

My question has nothing to do with national security or anything classified. If you can't answer it just say so
and do so without the rhetoric and diatribe claiming you won't answer questions from me. It is really a simple
question.

The "GoFast" video was analyzed, supposedly, by TTSA experts, which concluded the craft was flying very
low and near the surface of the ocean with a estimated speed of 2/3 the speed of sound. The data to determine
the altitude and even the speed of the object is actually in the video.

Do you agree with the TTSA figures as they relate to "G0Fast"?

And if you are willing to answer the above truthfully and you disagree with TTSA's figure, can you please tell
us the actual altitude of "GoFast"?

Can you estimate the average speed of the object?

Can you estimate the size of the object?

What are the possible objects that are currently in existence that could exhibit the flight characteristics of this
object?

If you need help with how to calculate the altitude let me know and I will walk you through it. It can be done
with basic trigonometry or you can do with with a ruler, your phone and a piece of string.


Best Regards,


                                                         3
On Thu, Mar 25, 2021, 4:18 AM                                           < Caution-
mailto (b)(6)               >> wrote:
(b)(6)


(b)(6)  did nothing of a sort. You're the chief insecurity officer here and you mislead everyone to death to
hide your Dunning-Kruger disorder, jealousy and insecurities. Wanser doesn't know anything and he didn't
work for the AAWSAP and AATIP as one of the two chief science advisors to the program managers. That
was Hal and I. I respect Wanser's position and professional accomplishments in condensed matter theory at
Cal State-Fullerton, and I applaud his strong interest in the UAP topic. But he exposed nothing because the
DoD science work that Hal and I did (and I'm still doing) for the AAWSAP/AATIP is above his pay grade
and yours. And you misled him in the fundamentals of your low-energy metamaterial warp drive concept.

You're incapable of introspection and self-reflection because of your raging narcissism. You can't counter
argue my facts so you resort to your usual bag of absurd, irrelevant diversionary assertions. You're jealous
and insecure to the hilt. This prevents you from doing good physics. You were actually far better and more
productive when you worked in the Cafe Trieste. I still applaud your deep and unwavering interest in and
commitment to the UAP topic and its resolution, as well as your philosophical thinking on this.

The original ONI field investigations of the Nimitz UAP encounters and the other later UAP ("Go-Fast")
encounters resoundingly eliminated (via forensic methods, MASINT analysis, and technology application
assessments) Mike Turber's utterly impossible military technology explanations for those UAPs. The sword
of the scientific method and forensics killed him, but he's still an obnoxious ghost who'll mislead anyone
that'll listen to him due to his Dunning-Kruger disorder. But you don't have all the answers until your work
survives the sausage grinder of the scientific method.
 (b)(6)


 (b)(6)            Ph.D., FBIS, AFAIAA
 E-mail: (b)(6)                 • < Caution-mailto:ewdavis@earthtech.org >
(b)(6)


 E-mail:                              < Caution-mailto (b)(6)                            >
 Caution- tip: ww 0)(6)                 < Caution-http.//www (b)(6) .edu/J (b)(6)   I>
 Sent from my iPhone


          On Mar 24, 2021, at 2:19 PM, (b)(6) ipr                                            < Caution-
          mailto: (b)(6)                     > wrote:
          (b)(6)                               (b)(6)
                          exposed               really incompetent or
          was it intentional gaslighting publishing "anonymous"
          critique of my basic proposal. (b)(6) boy, probably (WO)
          himself, gave bogus arguments.

                                                        4
                                (b)(6)
On Mar 24, 2021, at 7:45 AM,
 (b)(6)
                         < Caution-
mailto: (b)(6)                > > wrote:
Really (b)(6j?
That is interesting. I don't need access to their Investigations. A
moron can figure out GoFast is BS with a piece of string. No
Trig needed. Would you like me to prove that to you since you
have avoided the subject? You claim I don't know math so I
won't use it. I can prove you are TTSA are wrong with a piece
of string. I think I will make a video in your honor since you
seem to think I need access to the Investigations to figure it
out.
I don't.
I will not be as disrespectful as you have been to me but now
that you are doing it again I guess I need to respond.
What I did do is actually look at the videos which is my main
area if contention. I guess you believe each video shows
something extraordinary?
Keep in mina, I did not have access to the evidence in the
Las Vegas shooting either and yet I was able to come up with
things the FBI could not. Several in fact. So much so the
Attorneys asked for my assistance, my work was featured on
Tucker Carlson's show and I found the motive when no one
else could amongst many other things.
I guess that was Dunning-Kruger as well?
And I seriously doubt you will answer any of my questions and
will claim all kinds of reasons why you will not answer like

                                5
you did with      and with what (b)(6)      published. Here is a
reminder..
         (b)(6)
"From:                   Sent: Thursday, August 13, 2020 4:37 PM
To:   ,b)(6)
                      Subject: Re: TicT Video Actually Shows An
F18 - my upcoming video with
Thanks (b)(6) . I think everyone would like the videos to b
 e authentic. I cannot comment on the mathematics that
(bX6)
       speaks of, but if he is correct then it raises
different questions. If you are confident about the authenti
city of the videos then
my question to you then is whether these craft are possib
 ly our own or do you
personally feel they are extraterrestrial?
                                                         On Aug 13,
                          6
2020 at 4:21 PM, ( b )( )           <> wrot e:
            has no mathematics nor access to the original Navy
data. He wasn't a part
of the AATIP/AAWSAP or ONI investigations, so he's ju
st putting out false story for whatever reason. (b)(6)
                                                                On
Aug 13, 2020, at 5:41 PM, (b)(6) wrote:
               (b)(6)
 So then,             if we can dismiss           contribution then
in your opinion are they earth-
based technologies or extraterrestrial?
On Aug 13, 2020, at 5:46 PM,         <> wrote:
Those craft are off-
world as I've told two Senate committees' staff and DoD
agencies. (b)(6)

That (my response of a minute ago, posted below) is not
my opinion, but is where the physics and the facts lead.

                                 6
So you Believe, or know, that the crafts shown in the TTSA /
DoD videos, namely Flirl, Gimbal and GoFast are "off world"
meaning they are extraterrestrial?
I know you have already stated as such but just to be clear is
that what you are claiming?
What do they call it when you have access to the raw data and
the Navy Investigations and still get it wrong Eric?

Best Regards, (b)(6)
On Wed, Mar 24, 2021, 2:33 AM
 (b)(6)                < Caution-
mailto (" 6)                > > wrote:


(b)(6)
       , you suffer from Dunning-Kruger effect and your
claims are banal, uninformed, and wrong because you never
had access to any of the Navy investigations or the raw data.


                  Ph.D., FBIS AFAIAA
                                 Caution-


E-mail:                               < Caution-
mailto:("6)
                               7
                             ,(0)
Caution-http://www                  .edu/ (b)(6) I   < Caution-
http://www.baylor.edu/casper >
Sent from my iPhone

       On Mar 24, 2021, at 12:10 AM,
      (b)(6)
                               < Caution-
       mailto: (b)(6)                > > wrote:

      (b)(6)


                              and everyone else at, or
       formally at, TTSA can't do simple math. After 3.5
       years they still believe GoFast actually was going
       fast and very close to the surface when it is actually
       close to 13,000 feet and not exceeding 40 MPH.
        How, or more importantly why, would you expect
       them to get even more complex math right?
       I don't like being an ass on this subject but after
       dealing with with (b)(6) r             I seriously doubt
           will acknowledge they screwed up either.
       Clearly they don't use scientific method as even my
       limited math skills figured out GoFast was SoSlow.
                    (b)(6)
       I will give         $10,000 in cash or donate it to the
       charity of his choice and never mention TTSA or
       him again if he can prove I am wrong or better yet
       prove GoFast is in fact Fast and near the surface.
       So to chime in but            speaks rarely.
                                      (b)(6)
      BTW Nice to meet you                     . Sorry if I seem rude,
      just tired of the BS.
       Best Regards,
                                         8
 On Wed, Mar 24, 2021 12:10 AM (b)(6)
(b)(6)
                                           < Caution-
                                       > wrote:
   Yes, but your paper is wrong. It does not address
   the important problem of how to generate the warp
   drive with small amounts of energy. Also what you
   say about c getting big and c getting small is really
   not the point at all.
   When c gets big space time is stiffer making warp
   drive harder.
   Your c getting bigger is our S getting smaller in the
   coupling (G/c^4)S
   The problem most people who make the decisions
   cannot tell the difference between what you say and
   what I say.
   At best your PV paper only captures a small part of
   what °out sees. Says nothing about Dwarp and
   nowhere do you even mention metamaterials in that
   PV paper showing how they help explain the
   phenomenon.


                                   b)(6)
   On Mar 23 2021, at 7:42 PM,
  (b)(6)            < Caution-
   mailto: (b)(6)         > > wrote:

 (b)(6)
          says:
          MR
                   is citing some of my ideas
          without giving me due credit - when he
                            9
          mentions controlling space and time
          around the craft. He has only begun to do
                                          (b)( 6)
          that recently after                first
          BESA report.

 FWIW,               mention of the control of space
 & time around the craft originated with
 the submission of my spacetime-metric engineering
 paper (attached) that I submitted to DIA as part of
 the Pentagon's AATIP program that he
 had responsibility for.


 (b)(6)
                                       Ph.D.
 (b)(6)11111111


 (b)(6)
                          (c)
 Caution-www                  030)
                                                    < Caution-
 http://www.         (b)(6)
                                            I>
(b)(6)
                                     l< Caution-
            (b)(6)
 mailto:


     Original Message
           (b)(6)
 From:
 Subject: Re: Ex-UFO Pentagon program chief
 outlines 'compelling' UFO theories and 'unique'
 vehicle characteristics Fox New
 (b)(6)
          is citing some of my ideas without giving
 me due credit - when he mentions controlling space
                                            10
and time around the craft. He has only begun to do
that recently after (b)(6) _     ifirst BESA
report.

Caution-https://besacenter.org/mideast-security-
and-policy-studies/uap-task-force/ < Caution-
https://besacenter.org/mideast-security-and-policy-
studies/uap-task-force/ >


On Mar 23, 2021, at 3:42 PM, d14947
(b)(6)
                   .. < Caution-
         (b)(6)
mailto:           AM> > wrote:
Caution-https://www.foxnews.com/tech/ufo-
theories-pentagon-chief-report < Caution-
https://www.foxnews.com/tech/ufo-theories-
pentagon-chief-report >


All wrong, doubtless.


                        11
From:
To:
Cc:                       1'3


                            Il_rasucaL 6usah L (bus Cl',' OSD PA USA   (b)(6)
                  11111
Subject:           [Non-DOD Sourcej Re: TicTac Video Actually Shows An F18 - my upcoming video with Sid Goldberg
Date:              Thursday, August 13, 2020 6:26:28 PM


All active links contained in this email were disabled. Please verify the identity of the sender, and confirm the authenticity of all links
contained within the message prior to copying and pasting the address to a Web browser.


Remember that the three videos are from three (or at least two) distinct events in space (West vs East coasts) and time (2004 vs 2015).
Sure Wikipedia now dumbly mixes all these stories under the same "Pentagon UFO videos" page whereas before it correctly focused
on the USS Nimitz incident only, as it was the most documented (largely). Classic.

1/ About the 2004 FLIR1 video: it is the least questionable and above all, is backed by the extraordinary story by direct witnesses such
as F-18 pilots Cmdr. David Fravor & John Slaight and their wizzo, Douglas Kurth and Chad Underwood (all from USS Nimitz), USS
Princeton radar operator Kevin Day, plus others aboard and in the Grumman E-2 Hawkeye that was also airborne during the Tic Tac
event.

2/ About the 2015 GO FAST video: Mick West Caution-https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mick_West < Caution-
https://en.wikipedia.org/wikilMick_West > claims GO FAST shows something not surprising at all: Caution-
https://www.metabunk.org/threads/go-fast-footage-from-tom-delonges-to-the-stars-academy-bird-balloon.9569/ < Caution-
https://wvvw.metabunk.org/threads/go-fast-footage-from-tom-delonges-to-the-stars-academy-bird-balloon.9569/ > . Same as Mike
Turber's statement: shorter distance, slower mundane speeds than expected.

3/ There are also questions about the GIMBAL video, that would show an internal optical artifact related to the motion of the FLIR
camera, hint that the object filmed was not actually rotating (contrary to what can be heard in the recorded pilot conversation — but
where they talking of the rotation in the plane of the camera, or of the object spinning on its axis? Not the same thing). But let this aside
for now.

Pr. Davis, it would be interesting if you could give your valuable advice here on main questions pointed out in the metabunk
link about GO FAST case (2), not the Nimitz/FLIR1 case (1) and its legitimacy almost nobody queries.
Please put aside Mick West's personal motivations and focus on the maths he provides What is wrong with the numbers and
the analysis?
(b)(6)


         Le 14 aotit 2020 a 00:21                                                                                         a ecrit :

                as no mathematics nor access to the original Navy data. He wasn't a part of the AATIP/AAWSAP or ONI
         investigations, so he's just putting out false story for whatever reason.
         (b)(6)

         (b)(6)                 Ph.D., FBIS, AFAIAA
         Adjunct Professor
         Early Universe, Cosmology & Strings Theory Group
         Center for Astrophysics, Space Physics & Engineering Research
         Baylor University
         1A/arn TV 7A7QR-7'21
         (b)(6)
         uaution-nttp://www.bayior.eduicasper < uaution-nttp://www.bayioreduicasper/ >

         From. (b)(6)
         Sent: Thursday, August 13, 2020 4:37 PM
         Toi (b)(6)
         rr
         (b)(6)
(b)(6)


 susan.L.gough.1(b)(6)


Subject: Re: TicTac Video Actually Shows An F18 - my upcoming video with (b)(6)

Thanks E. I think everyone would like the videos to be authentic. I cannot comment on the mathematics thatnispeaks of, but
if he is correct then it raises different questions. If you are confident about the authenticity of the videos then my question to you
then is whether these craft are possibly our own or do you personally feel they are extraterrestrial?


Sid

SID GOLDBERG

(b)(6)
(b)(6)
(b)(6)
<image001.png>


         On Aug 13, 2020, at 3:31 PM,
                                        (b)(6)                                                                            wrote:


         Sorry,E1 You're off on a time-wasting diversion from the facts.

         The F-18 FLIR videos are NOT hoaxed. I was a DoD-deputized advisor to the Nimitz and Roosevelt
         investigator under a subcontract to the DoD, and I perfectly know the provenance of those videos plus all
         of the associated Aegis weapon system and other radar, as well as all of the pilot reports. These are the
         facts and are true. This squeamish little nonsense about being skeptical and considering alternative
narratives as a valid hypothesis is a sign of cognitive dissonance.

Regards,


               Ph.D., FBIS, AFAIAA
 • junct r0 essor
Early Universe, Cosmology & Strings Theory Group
Center for Astrophysics, Space Physics & Engineering Research
Baylor University
Warn TY 7A705:2-7'41A
(b)(6)
L.ctuucni-rittpdiwww.uayiut.euu/Leisperi < uduuun-I lups.,/nimproLeGLA,uudsv .com/url?
a=http°/03a%2P/02fCaution-
www.baylor.edu%2fcasper%2f&c=E,1,7MTmKKDxq0kPgKIJ5KJw9sG8G_PEaqcYdsQcqlMknVjbXArhqojK
dUYe2-QoC3vn1If WglOsAYtt_C4G02Ch7JmRwB0_3JK7tDhoHyZYpPaXhSISRA„&typo=1 >

From:
Sent: Thursday, August 13, 2020 3:54 PM
To: (b)(6)
Cc:
(b)(6)
 (b)(6)


Vsusan        POL1P     (b)(6)
(b)(6)


 Subject: Re. I iclac Video Actually Shows An F18 - my upcoming video with (b)(6)


 Thank               We will explore your position as suggested and see where we end up once we are interacting.

     GOLDBERG

 (b)(6)


1(b)(6)
 I (D)(0)

 <image001.png>


            On Aklg 13. 2020 at 2:46 PM (b)(6)
            (b)(6)                           wrote.
                                                 I

            On AuR 11 7020 at 1:12 PM Sid Goldbergr
            (b)(6)                         wrote:

            (b)(6)       .. Thanks for your input.


            The debunking discussion is one that I believe has to be considered for the following reason. The radar
            and eye-witnesses, as Kim points out, including the testimony from the pilots involved, are all convinced
            that these craft do not respond conventionally and thus are either our craft from some secret access
            programs or craft not terrestrially based. Whether they are our secret crafts or they are extraterrestrial,
            is it possible that the videos released and approved by the Pentagon MAY BE hoaxed intentionally? By
            releasing hoaxes this will serve to dismiss the topic. That means too many difficult questions will not
            have to be addressed if it is overwhelmingly discredited as a hoax. The "h" word is like a light switch that
            closes down the discussion of actual events that need to be looked into more seriously. So, for most
            people there is little doubt about the authenticity of the craft — be it ours from some secret program or
            extraterrestrial in origin. As Kim pointed out; the radar and eye-witness accounts are compelling. That
            said, Mike, the videos presented to the public may be in question because, as you point out, the math
            says otherwise. That is what has to be determined: Are these Pentagon videos actually hoaxes even
            though the authenticity of everyone's observations and radar reports suggest otherwise? If the videos
            are elaborate hoaxes, why did the Pentagon release them?


              n       nr-IFRG
            (b)(6)

          (b)(6)                        'mMr         ilr     lir


                  I want to make my position on this very clear if you bring it up on the video, which I think you
should,


The only evidence I take seriously is the eyewitness testimony of US Navy pilots and Kevin Day.

Even if we had no evidence at all, I still know how to build such craft - essentially in terms of really
elementary mainstream battle-tested theoretical physics of James Clerk Maxwell (1865) and Albert
Einstein (1916) in the light of recent advances in solid state physics meta-materials.


There is no mystery to any UFO reports in the literature.

The problem is THE HUMAN STUPIDITY BARRIER - that the people tasked to study this generally do
not understand physics at the required level.


I am using the same method of investigation I learned directly from my Cornell Senior Physics Honors
Tutor (1960) Hans Bethe and a few other physicists including John Wheeler, Richard Feynman and
others.


Caution-https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hans_Bethe < Caution-
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hans_Bethe >


On Aug 13, 2020, at 1:30 PM,I (b)(6)
(b)(6)                            wrote:

(b)(6)       is former USAF Intelligence is my understanding and he is better equipped on this
empirical issue than lam.


Again, I want to be clear, my mathematical physics explanation of Tic Tac is independent of the video
evidence in question below. I only cite first hand testimony from US Navy pilots and from Kevin Day
who was in charge of radar on USS Princeton during the incidents.


On Aug 13, 2020, at 1:16 PM, (b)(6)
(b)(6)                            wrote.

(b)(6)


Yes given enough information you can extrapolate data from a 2D image to gain a 3D understanding of
the environment.


 Example is the GoFast. As stated before it shows an object that is roughly 6-8 feet in diameter, is flying
at 13,000 feet and at a speed between 40-60 MPH.

The information in the video is all you need to calculate this. The object is first tracked at a range of 4.4
nautical miles or 26,735 feet in distance. The ATFLIR is pointing down at -26 degrees. This means the
altitude of the object is 12,000 feet below the F18. The F18 is at 25,000 therefore the object is at 13,000
and not near the ocean surface as claimed.

The field of view is .7 degrees and the object's size is determined to be between 6-8 feet.


By measuring the distance the object traveled while the target information is show you can see it is
moving at a mere 40-60 mph.


USA should know this as they hired an incredible team of experts yet no one caught this glaring
mistake?


Feel free to check my math.


Now I am only referring to the data shown in the videos. I realize I am ignoring eyewitness testimony
which may have its own set of issues.


My point is this. If the 3 videos we have all been shown actually show nothing extraordinary, what is
USA really trying to do?


 On Thu ADP 1.3 7070 319 PM (b)(6)
(b)(6)                         wrote.

  Probably not. But this is not my expertise. I am not a pilot. I am not a trained observer. I am passing
  this on to people who have more competence in this field.

  (b)(6)         radar reports and direct reports from the pilots are more important.

                                     (b)(6)
  On Aug 13 2020 at 12:13 PM
  (b)(6)                                 wrote:


  I am no mathematician, so I ask this question in all earnestness: Can an accurate mathematical
  conclusion be derived from a 2-Dimensional video that represents 3-Dimensional space? I ask because
  having interviewed one eye-witness to the "Tic-Tac" craft from the deck or elevator area of the
  Nimitz, the flight dynamics he described witnessing the Tic-Tac were nothing like any airplane's ability
  in terms of directional changes and speed, let alone the physical, structural appearance. And while
  three specific sightings are acknowledged publicly by the Pentagon, there were many more sightings
  like those three popular ones that may or may not be specifically those three.


  SID GOLDBERG
          .1
  I (b)(6)

   (b)(6)


            On Aug 13, 2020, at 12:22 PM,
            (b)(6)                             wrote:


           Sid Goldberg, Gaia
            DECEMBER 18, 2017 BY STARWORKSUSA < CAUTION-FEETPS:HLINKPROTECT.CUDASVC.COM/URL?
            A=HTTPS%3A%2F%2ESTARWORKSUSA.COM%2FAUTHOR%2FSTAR39S3&C.E,1,RUFMR007MB23M8FXINTBOY0
            WTS9P13291TYPG27LMUSQEOW81QXEZCZHK2C091RGBZOFWOUVP9L08VDZQIZIX2FMXTMKSWC1SDOBCOTPT
            TAZKDMZEF2FA„&TYPO=1
 id Goldberg interview


< Caution-https://linkprotect.cudasvc.com/url?
a=https%3a%2f%2fstarworksusa.com%2fwp-
content%2fuploads%2fSidTraceyInterview.jpg&c=E,1,keh7StFUUAgX_LSjSRwrdrB9jypsx7
wy1jK6zIaROHaxp4M1R1HfGVIxin_YiG4UB2Fz4feCYF1T6CpOcISFITW4oUbJWOcUZOSCI1j.1
iV2Sij32tw,&typo=1>


Sid Goldberg is a two-time, Daytime Emmy Award winning Director and
four-time Emmy Award nominee. Since the onset of his Directorial career,
Sid is the recipient of numerous awards, including four Gemini nominations
in Canada and a 2012 Telly Award in the US. He will present Uri Geller at
the 2019 StarworksUSA Symposium.

Goldberg won Daytime Emmys for directing in 2004 and 2007 and is a four-
time Emmy Award nominee. In 2004, he won an Emmy for Best Directing
for Discovery Travel Channel's "Great Hotels" and also won for Outstanding
Directing in 2007 for Discovery Travel Channel's "Passport to Europe with
Samantha Brown."


Goldberg has worked in more than 30 countries directing and producing
programs in a variety of genres including factual entertainment, unscripted
reality, travel, food, lifestyle and children's programs. Sid created the
website and was CEO and Producer of One2oneMediaDesign
andEarthMysteryNews.com < Caution-https://linkprotect.cudasvc.com/url?
a=http%3e/o2f%2fearthmysterynews.com°/02f&c=E,1,ZeYmTsc9xr4EX9Eo
aiF_w2251BtN4Ur2JkgqKLh0PNFL21SzPSacNoFx3gav4D76fPDZgbYIWivt
SjW0cUh693TZEYF7-yfqyzmR15RQ6UGfddHafqa&typo=1 > . that
attracted more than 16-million views in 2016.

Goldberg is also one of the Experiencers appearing in "What If? — Close
Encounters of the Unusual Kind," the book written by MUFON's Bob
Mitchell in 2015.

Should Sid ask me about this controversy below again I want to re-iterate my
position.

My theoretical physics arguments have nothing to do with the two videos released by
USA. I am no expert in evaluating those videos and will not get in the middle
between Turber and Davis on that issue.

The evidence that motivates me is
1) Reports of visual sightings by Fravor and other US Navy pilots


2) Report by Kevin Day on (JSS Princeton


3) Reports of a portal hovering over Skinwalker Ranch already reported in the Vallee
David High Strangeness paper and in the new History Channel series funded by
Morman Brandon Fugal who took over from Morman Robert Bigelow.


4) My own direct "Tic Tac" encounter in 1953. In
hindsight it's clear to me that 1953 is an "iron post of
                          (b)(6)
observation"                                        of extreme importance
in this issue of pressing military importance.


           iq -?mn     R•cC) AAA I (b)(6)
(b)(6)
                                       wrote:


Which is why I respect your assistance. There are a ton of questions of which many I
know you can not answer various reasons. The same goes for me so unfortunately I have
to use what is available to me to help my stance.


Let me ask you this. Do you agree that the GoFast video is not near the ocean surface
and is actually at 13,000? The info to calculate that is in the video.


                                      (b)(6)
On Thu. Aug 13. 2020. 11.51 AM
(b)(6)                                 wrote.

   You understand that I personally know the Nimitz investigator, don't you, and that I
   worked on the AATIP/AAWSAP, etc?


  (b)(6)               D., FBIS, AFAIAA
   E-mail (b)(6)
   Adjunct Professor
   Early Universe, Cosmology & Strings Group
   Center for Astrophysics, Space Physics
   & Engineering Research
   Baylor University
   Waco. TX 76798-7310
   (b)(6)

   Caution-http://www.baylor.edu/casper < Caution-
   https://linkprotect.cudasvc.com/url?a=http%3a%2f%2fCaution-
   www.baylor.edu%2fcasper&c=E4,AknHYmEVsrzy199Bp12PgEpw0U9f81FOZeXwM_Wf
   y9y09-31yYHeQKzGzuPQTv4RZugN6SG-
   LziallrndORKPfEF8USJ4F8LrWHjSzrGr3K0ALRs1uf8&typo=1 >
   Sent from my iPhone


           On A ip 11 7? fl .t 11i.4R AM I (b)(6)
            (b)(6)
                                                        wrote:


           There is a lot more to this. Some I can't put in writing but read my last.
           Perhaps we can talk sometime and I can fill you in on what I have learned
           since the 2005 briefing.
On Thu   Ai w 1      ?coo 11.45 4M1 (b)(6)
(b)(6)
                                               wrote:

  That is a false claim,n


  (b)(6)            I Ph.D., FBIS, AFAIAA
  (b)(6)


  Adjunct Professor
  Early Universe, Cosmology & Strings Group
  Center for Astrophysics, Space Physics
  & Engineering Research
  Baylor University
  Waco TX 76798-7310
  (b)(6)


  Caution-http.//www.nayior.e0u/casper < Caution-
  https://linkprotect.cudasvc.com/url?a=http%3a/o2f%2fCaution-
  www.baylor.edu%2fcasper&c=E,1,9BgX5DzvWZyFoVD4jKb_4q30jhlHt
  dISR2k-
  66x0xuH69csKKmS1vmKe4ikEBg2EKfcw8dEbIlaoeyyialhAn1CK92sLTOn
  6LW9aZb9ghW2E&typo=1 >
  Sent from my iPhone


           On AI1P 13 2020 at 10.43 AM I (b)(6)
           (b)(6)
           (b)(6)                              wrote:


           No the USAF is who came aboard the ships on 2
           occasions and removed all the RMCs and data bricks plus
           all media recorded about the event. The first time was
           while the ships were still at sea and was the morning
           after the event. They came again when the CSG docked a
           couple of days later.


           At that point they had to bring in more blank media to be
           able to record anything.


           I have good reason to believe the data made its way to
           Wright Patterson AFB.


           A briefing about the incident was held in February or
           March. An AV specialist revealed info about that briefing
           to me at that time. The info was the comms between the
           pilots and the CSG and some discussion on who was at
           the briefing.


           The entire event was coordinated by the USAF and the
           NAVY.


           The pilots were asked what their "load out" was, or what
           weapons did they have. This was not because they might
           need to use them. They were asked because it was
           important that they could not use them and destroy
           advanced Air Force technology being tested against the
           new SPY-1 radar.


           If they felt these objects were a legitimate threat the
           could of scrambled from any nearby base. These things
were seen for days yet no one sent a non training
aircraft?


Anyway there is a lot more to this and it involves mixing
spoofing abilities and possibly some real aircraft.

On Thu AI1P 13 7070 17•31 AMI (b)(6)
(b)(6)
(b)(6)                                   wrote:
  So, you think one of the videos shows an F-18 and you
  think that points directly to the USAF?


  The USAF doesn't own F-18s.


  Sent from Yahoo Mail for iPad < Caution-
  https://overview.mail.yahoo.com/?.src=i0S >

                       AtwiAt 12 2020       4S PM I
   (b)(6)
  (b)(6)                                  lwrotc:
            No I did not send it directly to (b)(6). I
            am probably creating enough of a stink
            that TTSA would prefer I was out of the
            picture. What is at issue for me is that
            not one of the videos exhibit any
            extraordinary flight characteristics.


            I agree about the accounts of the men.
            Ignoring them opens a hornet's nest for
            sure. I like working with physical tangible
            evidence but concede that in this case
            we must assume that they are well
            trained and know what they saw.

            However there is a variable that keeps
            coming up and that is the pieces of the
            puzzle that we do see also point to some
            sort of spoofing.


            I would prefer these to be extraterrestrial
            if not ours. But as I have said all along it
            appears we have a mix of technology
            being exhibited and all fingers seem to
            point to the USAF.


            Best Regards,
            (b)(6)


            On Wed, Aug 12, 2020, 8:56 PM I (b)(6) I
            (b)(6)


            > wrote:
              Did you send this to (b)(6)


              For the record. My analysis has
              nothing to do with any of the videos
              that may well be faked or
              misinterpreted as CIA physicist
              Ronald Pandolfi has repeatedly
              warned me. I am going on the visual
              reports by US Navy pilots and the
              radar report by Kevin Day who was
on USS Princeton Nimitz Battle Group
Nov 2004 in charge of radar room at
the time of Fravor's visual sighting.


Most important, my equations stand
on their own, and point the way to
make Tic Tac vehicles using low
energy warp drive folding space not
moving through space with zero g-
force on board even in high speed
sharp turns as seen from the outside
by observers using EM signals that
appear to require high g-forces
(hundreds of Earth g or more). This is
all plain vanilla Einstein General
Relativity nothing exotic only battle
tested mainstream physics required.


On Au 12 2020 at 12-13 AM


wro e


So I have had some time to study the 3
videos and so far the results won't
make a lot of people happy.


1. GoFast appears to be a 6'-8'
weather balloon moving along at less
than 80mph and is at about 13,000'. It
is NOT doing 500+ knots at near the
surface.

Range shows 4.4 nautical miles with a
-26 degree angle and the plane with
the ATFLIR is at 25,000'. Do the math.


This was a peer review of (b)(6)
video
The GoFast video is a truly sad failure
on TTSA's part. With all the talent they
have no one could figure out that the
object nowhere near the surface as
they claimed.

2. FLIR1 or the "Tic Tac" video was
analyzed by me and I was lucky
enough to aquire FLIR video of an F18
banking left from a video by (b)(6)
(b)(6)
Here is my video comparing the two.
Caution-https://youtu.be/0-
YX9nGlAgo < Caution-
https://youtu.be/O-YX9nGlAgo >

Dave Falch video. Go to the 3:20 mark.
Caution-https://youtu.be/hzmdSsszf5g
< Caution-
https://youtu.be/hzmdSsszf5g >


The logs show another F18 was in the
area at the same time. The similarities
are too much to discount.


Plus (b)(6) deo
Caution-
https://youtu.be/Uldi0X1a9RQ <
Caution-
https://youtu.be/U1diOXla9RQ >


3. Gimball appears to have two issues.
The object appears to be a plane
turning at a distance and the Flir pod
has a lens that is rotating causing the
flare to rotate as well. Mick West
appears to be right on this as well.


Caution-
https://youtu.be/Uldi0X1a9RQ <
Caution-
https://youtu.be/U1diOXla9RQ >


So without the testimony of the NAVY
pilots and others we are left with the
original 3 videos that show absolutely
nothing extraordinary.


Thoughts?


Best Regards,
(b)(6)
