{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T18:10:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 24881, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/former.pdf", "source_sha256": "b7aa5ace561dc299a086ed038093077bb4535079d0437dc750cf06ac3d99e07e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 379, "chars": 2686, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Garry Reid
Director for Defense Intelligence
(Intelligence and Security)
Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for
Intelligence
Garry Reid is currently serving as the Director for Defense
Intelligence (Intelligence and Security) (DDI (I&S)),
reporting directly to the Under Secretary of Defense for
Intelligence (USD(I)). In this capacity he is responsible for
the formulation and implementation of policy and resources to conduct HUMINT,
counterintelligence, security, sensitive activities, intelligence analysis, intelligence
sharing, and partner engagement programs. On behalf of the USD(I), Mr. Reid
oversees the activities of DoD intelligence and related elements, coordinates these
activities within the US Intelligence community and US interagency, and provides
regular reporting of these activities to Congress. Prior to this assignment, Mr.
Reid served as a Special Assistant for Mission Integration, advising the USD(I) on
issues concerning warfighter support, intelligence and security, technical
collection and special programs, and intelligence strategy, programs and resources.
Prior to joining the office of the USD(1), Mr. Reid served nine years in the office
of the Under Secretary for Policy (USD(P)), culminating as the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict.
He was the principal advisor to the ASD(SO/LIC) for DoD policies, plans,
authorities, and resources related to special operations, low intensity conflict and
other activities as specified by the Secretary of Defense.
From April 2009 - June 2012 he served as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of
Defense for Special Operations and Combating Terrorism. He advised the ASD
(SOLIC/IC), Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, and the Secretary of Defense
on DoD policies, plans, authorities, and resources related to special operations and
irregular warfare, with special emphasis on counterterrorism, counterinsurgency,
unconventional warfare, sensitive special operations, and information operations.
He further served as the principal counterterrorism crisis manager for the Office of
the ASD(SOLIC/IC).
Mr. Reid joined the Office of the Secretary of Defense in January 2007 after 28
years of military service in Special Operations. A career member of the Senior
Executive Service, he has served as the Director for Special Operations Policy, the
Director for Counterterrorism Policy, and the Principal Director for Special
Operations Capabilities. In these roles, he provided advice and assistance to the
Under Secretary of Defense for Policy in the oversight of special operations and
irregular warfare activities within the Department of Defense.
