{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T14:17:30Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2817896, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/friend-robert.pdf", "source_sha256": "22af93adce567ddd71677ac8164bab564dbd3f170d01f21cee3680403254e8b7"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 383, "chars": 2682, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S. Department of Justice
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Washington, D.C. 20535
September 12, 2019
MR. JOHN GREENEWALD JR.
THE BLACK VAULT
SUITE 1203
27305 WEST LIVE OAK ROAD
CASTAIC, CA 91384
Request No.: 1441379-000
Subject: FRIEND, ROBERT
Dear Mr. Greenewald:
This is in response to your Freedom of Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA) request. Based on the
information you provided, we conducted a search of the places reasonably expected to have records
However, we were unable to identify records responsive to your request.
Therefore, your request is being
If you have additional information pertaining to the subject of your request, please submit a new
request providing the details, and we will conduct an additional search.
Please see the selected paragraphs below for relevant information specific to your request and the
enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for standard responses applicable to all requests.
Г
Please be advised that your request was reopened based on the additional information you
provided. A new search was conducted, and we were unable to identify responsive records.
Records potentially responsive to your request were destroyed. Since this material could not be
reviewed, it is not known if it was responsive to your request.
Record retention and disposal is
carried out under supervision of the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA)
according to Title 44 United States Code Section 3301, Title 36 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR)
Chapter 12 Sub-chapter B Part 1228, and 36 CFR 1229.10. Please be advised that the General
Records Schedule (GRS) disposition authority for FOIPA records is DAA-GRS-2016-0002-0001
(GRS 4.2, Item 020).
Г
Records potentially responsive to your request were transferred to the National Archives and
Records Administration (NARA). If you wish to review these records, send your request to NARA
at the following address:
National Archives and Records Administration
8601 Adelphi Road
College Park, MD 20740-6001
Potentially responsive records were identified during the search. However, we were advised that
they were not in their expected locations. An additional search for the missing records also met
with unsuccessful results. Since we were unable to review the records, we were unable to
determine if they were responsive to your request.
The portion of your request concerning an FBI identification record - commonly referred to as a
Services (us) Division for proces. or andionade to the senate sed i Fo
For additional information, see the enclosed FBI FOIPA
Addendum General Information Section.
Requests for expedited processing are not applicable when a final response is issued within ten
calendar days.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2582, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Г
Police departments should be aware that the search conducted was limited to FBI records.
Requests for criminal history records or rap sheets should be directed to Criminal Justice
Information Services (CJIS). Information regarding CJIS is listed in the enclosed FBI FOIPA
Addendum General Information Section.
Г
Center - Civilian Personnel Records (NPRC-CPR).
at the NPRC, your request must be mailed to the following address:
National Archives and Records Administration
ATTN: Archival Programs
P.O. Box 38757
St. Louis, MO 63138
"Part 1" of the Addendum includes standard responses that apply to all requests.
includes general information about FBI records that you may find useful. Also enclosed is our Explanation
of Exemptions.
For questions regarding our determinations, visit the www.fbi.gov/foia website under "Contact
Us." The FOIPA Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number
in all correspondence concerning your request.
You may file an appeal by writing to the Director, Office of Information Policy (OIP), United States
Department of Justice, Suite 11050, 1425 New York Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20530-0001, or you
may submit an appeal through OIP's FOIA online portal by creating an account on the following web
site: https://www.foiaonline.gov/foiaonline/action/public/home. Your appeal must be postmarked or
electronically transmitted within ninety (90) days from the date of this letter in order to be considered timely.
If you submit your appeal by mail, both the letter and the envelope should be clearly marked "Freedom of
Information Act Appeal."
Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be
easily identified.
You may seek dispute resolution services by contacting the Office of Government Information
Services (OGIS).
The contact information for OGIS is as follows: Office of Government Information
Services, National Archives and Records Administration, 8601 Adelphi Road-OGIS, College Park, Maryland
20740-6001, e-mail at ogis@nara.gov; telephone at 202-741-5770; toll free at 1-877-684-6448; or facsimile
at 202-741-5769. Alternatively, you may contact the FBl's FOIA Public Liaison by emailing
foipaquestions@fbi.gov. If you submit your dispute resolution correspondence by email, the subject
heading should clearly state "Dispute Resolution Services." Please also cite the FOIPA Request Number
assigned to your request so it may be easily identified.
Sincerely,
David M. Hardy
Section Chief,
Record/Information
Dissemination Section
Information Management Division
Enclosures

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 702, "chars": 5057, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FBI FOIPA Addendum
As referenced in our letter responding to your Freedom of Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA) request, the FBI FOIPA
Addendum includes information applicable to your request.
• Part 1 of the Addendum includes standard responses that apply
Part 2 includes additional standard responses that apply to all requests for records on individuals. Part 3
includes general information about FBI records. For questions regarding Parts 1, 2, or 3, visit the www.fbi.gov/foia website
under "Contact Us." Previously mentioned appeal and dispute resolution services are also available at the web address.
Part 1: The standard responses below apply to all requests:
(1)
5 U.S.C. § 552(c). Congress excluded three categories of law enforcement and national security records from the
requirements of the FOIA [5 U.S.C. § 552(c) (2006 & Supp. IV (2010)]. FBI responses are limited to those records
subject to the requirements of the FOIA. Additional information about the FBI and the FOIPA can be found on the
www.fbi.gov/toia website.
(Il)
National Security/Intelligence Records. The FBI can neither confirm nor deny the existence of national security and
foreign intelligence records pursuant to FOIA exemptions (b)(1), (b)(3), and PA exemption i)(2) as applicable to requests
for records about individuals [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a (b)(1), (b)(3), and i)(2); 50 U.S.C § 3024(i)(1)]. The mere
acknowledgment of the existence or nonexistence of such records is itself a classified fact protected by FOlA exemption
(b) and/or would reveal intelligence sources, methods, or activities protected by exemption (b) (b)(3) [50 USC §
3024(i)(1)]. This is a standard response and should not be read to indicate that national security or foreign intelligence
records do or do not exist.
Part 2: The standard responses below apply to all requests for records on individuals:
(1)
Requests for Records about any Individual—Watch Lists. The FBI can neither confirm nor deny the existence of
any individual's name on a watch list pursuant to FOIA exemption (b)(7)(E) and PA exemption () (2) [5 U.S.C. SS
552/552a (b)(7)(E), ()(2)]. This is a standard response and should not be read to indicate that watch list records do or
do not exist.
(ii)
Requests for Records for Incarcerated Individuals. The FBI can neither confirm nor deny the existence of records
which could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any incarcerated individual pursuant to
FOIA exemptions (b)(7)(E), (b)(7)(F), and PA exemption (i)(2) [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a (b)(7)(E), (b)(7)(F), and (i)(2)].
This is a standard response and should not be read to indicate that such records do or do not exist.
Part 3: General Information:
(i)
Record Searches. The Record/Information Dissemination Section (RIDS) searches for reasonably described records by
searching those systems or locations where responsive records would reasonably be found.
A reasonable search
normally consists of a search for main files in the Central Records System (CRS), an extensive system of records
consisting of applicant, investigative, intelligence, personnel, administrative, and general files compiled and maintained by
the FBI in the course of fulfilling law enforcement, intelligence, and administrative functions. The CRS spans the entire
FBI organization and encompasses the records of FBI Headquarters (FBIHQ), FBI Field Offices, and FBI Legal Attaché
Offices (Legats) worldwide and includes Electronic Surveillance (ELSUR) records. For additional information about our
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)
FBI Records. Founded in 1908, the FBI carries out a dual law enforcement and national security mission. As part of
this dual mission,
the FBI creates and maintains records on various subjects; however, the FBI does not maintain records
on every person, subject, or entity.
Requests for Criminal History Records or Rap Sheets. The Criminal Justice Information Services (CJIS) Division
provides Identity History Summary Checks - often referred to as a criminal history record or rap sheets. These
criminal history records are not the same as matenal in an investigative "FBI file."
An Identity History Summary Check
is a listing of information taken from fingerprint cards and documents submitted to the FBI in connection with arrests,
federal employment, naturalization, or military service. For a fee, individuals can request a copy of their dentity
History Summary Check. Forms and directions can be accessed at www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/identity-history=
summary-checks. Additionally, requests can be submitted electronically at www.edo.cjis.gov. For additional
information, please contact CJIS directly at (304) 625-5590
The National Name Check Program (NNCP). The mission of NNCP is to analyze and report information in response to
name check requests received from federal agencies, for the purpose of protecting the United States from foreign and
domestic threats to national security.
Please be advised that this is a service provided to other federal agencies. Private
citizens cannot request a name check.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 594, "chars": 4269, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(b)(1)
(b) (2)
(b)(3)
(b) (4)
(b)(5)
(b)(6)
(b) (7)
(b) (8)
(b) (9)
(d)(5)
(i)(2)
(k)(1)
(k)(2)
(k)(3)
(k)(4)
(k)(5)
(k) (6)
(k)(7)
EXPLANATION OF EXEMPTIONS
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552
(A) specifically authorized under criteria established by an Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign
policy and (B) are in fact properly classified to such Executive order;
related solely to the internal personnel rules and practices of an agency;
specifically exempted from disclosure by statute (other than section 552b of this title), provided that such statute (A) requires that the
matters be withheld from the public in such a manner as to leave no discretion on issue, or (B) establishes particular criteria for withholding
or refers to particular types of matters to be withheld;
trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential;
inter-agency or intra-agency memorandums or letters which would not be available by law to a party other than an agency in litigation with
the agency;
personnel and medical files and similar files the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy;
ecords or information compiled for law enforcement purposes, but only to the extent that the production of such law enforcement record
r information (A) could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings, (B) would deprive a person of a right to
fair trial or an impartial adjudication, ( C) could reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy, (D)
could reasonably be expected to disclose the identity of confidential source, including a State, local, or foreign agency or authority or any
private institution which furnished information on a confidential basis, and, in the case of record or information compiled by a criminal lav
reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law, or (F) could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any
individual;
contained in or related to examination, operating, or condition reports prepared by, on behalf of, or for the use of an agency responsible for
the regulation or supervision of financial institutions; or
geological and geophysical information and data, including maps, concerning wells.
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552a
information compiled in reasonable anticipation of a civil action proceeding;
material reporting investigative efforts pertaining to the enforcement of criminal law including efforts to prevent, control, or reduce crime
or apprehend criminals;
information which is currently and properly classified pursuant to an Executive order in the interest of the national defense or foreign
policy, for example, information involving intelligence sources or methods;
investigatory material compiled for law enforcement purposes, other than criminal, which did not result in loss of a right, benefit or
privilege under Federal programs, or which would identify a source who furnished information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity
would be held in confidence;
material maintained in connection with providing protective services to the President of the United States or any other individual pursuant
to the authority of Title 18, United States Code, Section 3056;
required by statute to be maintained and used solely as statistical records;
investigatory material compiled solely for the purpose of determining suitability, eligibility, or qualifications for Federal civilian
employment or for access to classified information, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person who furnished
information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence;
testing or examination material used to determine individual qualifications for appointment or promotion in Federal Government service
the release of which would compromise the testing or examination process;
material used to determine potential for promotion in the armed services, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person
who furnished the material pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence.
FBI/DOJ

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com
