{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-13T05:40:44Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 169, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 6595764, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/gerald-ford-ufo-documents.pdf", "source_sha256": "bf32073e8d5e330037bb7f633b2fa1bfedf044b3adcea1fd6444e05979744fe0"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 552, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DECLASSIFICATION EFFORTS AND RESEARCH OF:
THE BLACK VAULT
THE BLACK VAULT IS THE LARGEST ONLINE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT/ GOVERNMENT
RECORD CLEARING HOUSE IN THE WORLD. THE RESEARCH EFFORTS HERE ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DECLASSIFICATION OF THOUSANDS OF DOCUMENTS THROUGHOUT THE U.S. GOVERNMENT,
AND ALL CAN BE DOWNLOADED BY VISITING:
HTTP://WWW.BLACKVAULT.COM
YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO FORWARD THIS DOCUMENT TO YOUR FRIENDS, BUT
PLEASE KEEP THIS IDENTIFYING IMAGE AT THE TOP OF THE
PDF SO OTHERS CAN DOWNLOAD MORE!

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 350, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Name: Nicholas Roesler
Box
No.
Collection Title
G. R.tord Congressional
Papers
DII3
B48
GERALD R. FORD LIBRARY
Request for Manuscript Reproductions
Card No.
Folder Title or
Central File Code
U.F.O. 1966
UFO'S
B48-21
Date: 9/18/08
Document Identification
To/From or Title
Date
letter to Rep. L. Mendel Kiners, Chainin
328/ale
TOTAL
Tota
Page
14
147
3

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 19, "chars": 131, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
GERALD R. FORD LIBRARY

Crs

Colkection Title: ford (ng reas; ona [80x LDF
fae
Folder Title. L/.F.O. (le lo

Document Title: Date:

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 106, "chars": 914, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO Enclosures
Library of Conpress book
Blue rook
Air Force Statement about UFO
at Dexter. Michigan
Marcl 25, 1966, Meus Releasé
March 23, 1966, News Release
April 3, 1966, Nevs Release
April 21, 1966, Nevs
Release
April 16, 1967, Editorial from
The New York
Tines
Abril 17, 1967, Editorial from
the Detroit Free Press
October 7, 1966, News Release
July 31, 1966, UFo Sighting
May 9. 1966, Nevs Release
April 17, 1966, Ravenna, Ohio
September 3, 1965, Ixeter, New lampshirs
March 2, 1965, Brooksville, Florida
April 24, 1964, Socorio, New Mexico
February 24, 1959, UFO over
Pennsylvania
November 23, 1953, Kinross Incident
July 19/20 and 26/27, 1952, Mashington, D. C.
January 7, 1948, The Mantell Case
June 24, 1957, Mt, Ranier, Washington
Air Force Regulations 20-17 and 80-17A
(Only in special cases: see page
...t
blue book)
(UFO material)
(UFO statements)
(UFO information)
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 164, "chars": 1123, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSMAN
GERALD R. FORD
HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
NEWS
RELEASE
FROM THE OFFICE OF HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R-MICH.
FOR RELEASE ON RECEIPT
MARCH 25, 1966
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
WASHINGTON--House Minority Leader Gerald R, Ford, R-Mich., today
proposeò that congress investigate the rast of reported sightige of
unidentified flying objects
in Southern Michigan and other parts of the
country.
Ford said he belleves a congressional inquiry would be worthwhile
because the American people are peconing alarmed by the UTO stories.
He noted that Alt Force Investlgators have been checking on such
reports for years but have
come up with nothing conclusive.
"In the light of chese new aightings andInidents on
"It would be'a-very wholesome thing for a committee of
, the Congress to
conduct a number of hearine and to call responsible alpaesees srom the
executive branch (of the goverqment) and
witnesses tho
gay they have
sighted these objects."
"I think the American people would feel better 1f there was a
full-blown Investigation of these lacidents, which some persons allege
have taken place."
# # #

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 111, "chars": 775, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSMAN
GERALD R. FORD
HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
NEWS
RELEASE
FOR RELEASE TUESDAY, P.M.
MARCH 28, 1966
NOTE TO ALL NEWS MEDIA:
mouse isshority leader Gerald i. Bord,
R-Michigan, today sent the attached letter to the chairmen and the ranking
Republican members
do the
House
"Committees on Armed Services and Science
and astronautics, urglig that one comnlttee or the other savestigate the
subject of Unidentifted
Flying Objects (UFO's).
Ford is not satisfied with
the Alr Force explanation
the recent
sightings in Michigan and describes the "swamp gas" version given by
astrophysicist J. Allen Hynek as "flippant."
Ford has received a number of telegrams and letters from individuals
anxious to see a congressional investigation of UFO's.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 112, "chars": 780, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSMAN
GERALD R. FORD
HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
NEWS
RELEASE
FOR RELEASE TUESDAX, P.M.
MARCH 28, 1966
NOTE TO ALL NEWS MEDIA: House Minority Leader Gerald R. Ford,
R-Michigan, today sent the attached letter to the chairmen and the ranking
Republican members of the House Committees on Armed Services and Science
and Astronautics, urging that one committee of the other investigate the
subject of Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO's).
Ford is not satisfied with the Air Force explanation of the recent
sightings in Michigan and describes the "swamp gas" version given by
astrophysicist J. Allen Hynek as "flippant."
Ford has received a number of telegrams and letters from individuals
anxious to see a congressional investigation of UFO's.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
# #

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2251, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
March 28, 1966
Rep. George P. Miller, Chairman
Science and Astronautics Committee
U. S. House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.
Washington, D. C.
Dear Chairmen Miller and Rivers:
nidentified flying objects (UFO's
these accounts because many of the latest reported sightings have been
In my home state of Michigan.
planet Venus. I do not agree that all of these reports can be or should
be so easily explained away.
Because I think there may be substance to some of these reports and
because I believe the American people are entitled to a more thorough
explanation than has been given them by the Air Force to date, I am
proposing that either the Science and Astronautics Connittee or the
Armed Services Committee if the House achedule heardogs on the subject
of UFO's and /invite testimony from both the executive branch of the
government aed some of the persons who elala to have seen pro's
I enclose material which I think will be helpful to you in
assessing the
advisability of an investigation of UFO's.
May I first call to your attention a column by Roscoe Drummond, published
last Sunday in which Mr. Drummond says, "Maybe all
lot these reported
sightings are whimsical, imaginary or unreal; but ye need a more credible
and detached appraisal of the evidence than we are 'getting."
Mr. Drummond goes on to state, "We need to get all the data drawn together
to one place and examined far more objectively than anyone has done so far.
A stable public opinion will come from a trustworthy look at the evidence,
not from belittling it."
I agree fully with Mr. Drummond's statements. I also suggest you scan
the enclosed series
of six articles by Bulkley Griffin of the Griffin-
Larrabee News Bureau here.
January, Mr. Griffin says,
1s that the Air Force is
as misidentification of familiar objects, such as balloons, stars, and
aircraft."
I have just today received a number of telegrams urging a congressional
Investigation of UFO's.
One is from retired Air Force Col. Harold R. Brown,
Ardmore, Tennessee, who says,
testify."
"I have seen UFO. Will be available to
Another, from Mrs. Ethyle M. Davis, Eugene, Oregon, reads, "Nine out of
ten people want truth of UFO's Press your investigation to the fullest."
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 207, "chars": 1317, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Rep. George P. Miller, Chairman
Rep. L. Mendel Rivers, Chairman
Page Iwo
March 28, 1966
Ron. olfges of at An els every ding if our power to lake er for from
Project Blue Book (the AF name for Its study and verdicts on UFO reports)
known to the people."
Are we to assume that everyone who says he has seen UFO's is an unreliable
witness?
A UPI story out of Ann Arbor, Michigan, dated March 21, 1966, states that
"at least 40 persons, including 12 policemen, said today that they saw
a strange flying object guarded by four sister ships land in a swamp near
here Sunday night."
Matt Surrell of Station WIR, Detroit, cites an eye witness account of a
recent UFO sighting by Emile Grenier of Ann Arbor, an aeronautical engineer
employed by Ford Motor Company.
He points out that an aeronautical
engineer can hardly be considered an untrustworthy witness.
In the firm belief that the American public deserves a better explanation
than that thus far given by the Air Pörce, I strongly recoumend that there
be a committee investigation of the UFO phenomena.
I think we owe it to the people to establish credibility regarding UFO's
and to produce the greatest possible enlightenment on this subject.
Kindest personal regards.
Sincerely,
/s/
Gerald R.
Ford,
M.C.
GRF : plr
Enclosures
#
#F
#
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2573, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
March 28, 1966
Rep. George P. Miller, Chairman
Science and Astronautics Committee.
U. S. House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.
Rep. L. Mendel Rivers, Chairman
Armed Services Committee
U. S. House of Representatives
Washington, D. C.
Dear Chairmen Miller and Rivers:
......
No doubt you have noted the recent flurry of newspaper stories about
unidentifled flying objects (UFO's).
I have taken special interest in
these accounts because many of the latest reported sightings have been
in my home state of Michigan.
swamp gas or an Impression created by the rising crescent moon and the
planet Venus.
I do not agree that all of these reports can be or should
be so easily explained
away.
Because I think there may be substance to sone of these reports and
because I believe the American people are entitled to a more thorough
explanation than has been given them by the Air Force to date, I an
proposing that either the Science and Astronautics Committee or the
Armed Services Committee of the House schedule hearings on the subject
of UFO's and invite testimony from both the executive branch of the
government and some of the persons who claim to have seen UFO's.
I enclose material which I think will be helpful to you in assessing the
advisability of an investigation of UFO's.
May I first call to your attention a column by Roscoe Drummond, published
last Sunday in which Mr. Drummond says,
"Maybe all of these reported
sightings are whimsical, imaginary or unreal; but we need a more credible
and detached appraisal
of the evidence than we are getting."
Mr. Drummond goes on to state, "We need to get all the data drawn together
to one place and examined far more objectively than anyone has done so far.
A stable public opinion will come from a trustworthy look at the evidence,
not from belittling it."
"The tine has come for the President or Congress to name an objective and
respected panel to investigate, appraise, and report on all present and
future evidence about what is going on."
, agree fully with Mr. Drummond's statements. I also suggest you scar
he enclosed series of six articles by Bulkley Griffin of the Griffin.
January, Mr. Griffin says,
I have just today received a number of telegrams urging a congressional
investigation of UFO's.
One is from retired Air Force Col. Harold R. Brown,
Ardmore, Tennessee, who says, "I have seen UFO. Will be available to
testify."
Another, from Mrs. Ethyle M. Davis, Eugene, Oregon, reads, "Nine out of
ten people want truth of UFO's Press your investigation to the fullest."
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 213, "chars": 1397, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Rep. George P. Miller, Chairman
Rep. L. Mendel Rivers,
Chairman
Page Iwo
March 28, 1966
Ronald Colier of Los Angelés, who identifles himself as "a scientist from
M. I. I.," urges that you "do everything
In your power to make Air Force
Project Blue Book (the AF name for its
study and verdicts on UFO reports)
known to the people."
Are we to assume that everyone who says he has seen UFO's 1s an unreliable
witness?
A UPI story out of Ann Arbor, Michigan, dated March 21, 1966, states that
"at least 40 persons, including 12 policemen, said today that they saw
a strange flying object guarded by four sister ships land in a swamp near
here Sunday night."
Matt Surrell of Station WJR, Detroit, cites an eye witness account of a
recent UFO sighting by Emile Grenier of Ann Arbor, an aeronautical engineer
employed by Ford Motor Company. He points out that an aeronautical
engineer can hardly be considered an untrustworthy witness.
In the firm belief that the American public deserves a better explanation
than that thus
far given by the Air Förce, I strongly recommend that there
be a connittee investigation of the UFO phenomena.
I think we owe it to the people to establish credibility regarding UFO's
and to produce the greatest possible enlightenment on this subject.
Kindest personal regards.
Sincerely,
* ..
/ s/
Gerald R. Ford, M.C.
GRE: pIr
Enclosures
#
#F
:
TOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 330, "chars": 2146, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FOR SUNDAY A.M. RELEASE
STATEMENT BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R-MICHIGAN
APRIL 3, 1966
As I had expected, some persons have ridículed my call for acongressional
investigation of unidentifled flying objects (UFO's). These people are a
fraction of those who have given me their reaction to my proposal. Ihe
overwhelming majority of those expressing a view in letters to me belteve
a congressional investigation
would be useful and is needed.
Those who boff it the Idea
óf a congressional Investigation of UFO's
apparently are unaware that the House Armed Services Committee has scheduled
a closed-door hearingion the matter Tuesday with the Air Force and that
Rep. Joseph E. Karth, b-Minn., headed a three-man subcommittee which held
two days of hush-bush hearihes Elve years ago on behalt of the louse selence
and Astronautics Committee!
Karth has confirmed in conversation with a
member of my staff that he conducted these secret hearings.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
The present Science and Astronautics Committee chairman, Rep. George P.
Miller, D-Callf., has shied away from a UFO probe at this time, saying ha
committee does not have jurisdiction over the Air force.
Byt the late
Rep. Overton Brooks, D-La., obvlously hed different Idesa because he tapped
Karth to summon Air Force witnesses and question them after a flurry of UFO
sightings in 1961.
Karth has informed me that his subcommittee made an oral report to the
full committee but never released anything to the public. According to
Charles F. Ducander, the committee!
staff director, no record was made of
conversation between Karth
subcommittee members and Air Force witnesses.
The hearings, he said, took place in Karth's congressional office.
I have never said that I believe any of the reported UFO sightings:
indicate visits to earth from another planet, Apart from prarks and natural
phenomena, some of these objects may well be products of experimentation by
our own military. If this
is
so, why doesn't the Air Force concede it and
In this way reassure the American people? There would be no need to go into
detail on the nature of the experiments.
###

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 330, "chars": 2128, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FOR SUNDAY A.M. RELEASE
SIATEMENT BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R-MICHIGAN
APRIL 3, 1966
As I had expected, some persons have ridiculed fay call for a congresstonal
investigation of unidentifled flying objects (UFO's). These people are a
fraction of those who have given me their reaction to my proposal. The
overwhelming majority of those expressing a view in letters to me believe
a congressional investigation would be useful and is needed.
Those who scoff at the idea of a congressional investigation of UFO's
apparently are unaware that the House Armed Services Committee lias scheduled
a closed-door hearing on the matter Tuesday with the Air Force and that
Rep. Joseph E. Karth, D-Minn., headed a three-man subcommlttee which held
two days of hush-hush hearings five yeara ago on behalf of the House Science
and Astronautics Committee. Karth has confirmed in conversation with a
member of my staff that he conducted these secret hearings.
Too present sedanie and Astronaelia coalts chalran, dep uorse p?
Miller, D-Calif., has shied away from a UFO probe at this time, saying his
committee does not have jurisdiction over the Air Force. But the late
Rep. Overton Brooks, D-La., obviously had different Ideas because he tapped
Karth to summon Air Force witnesses and question them after a flurry of UFO
sightings in 1961.
Karth has informed me that his subcommittee made an oral report to the
full committee but never released anything to the public. According to
Charles F. Ducander, the committee's staff director, no record was made of
converaation between Karth
subcommittee members and Air Force witnesses.
The hearinga, he said, took place in Karth's congressional office.
I have never said that I believe any of the reported UFO sightings:
indicate visits to earth from another planet. Apart from pranks and natural
phenomena, some of these objects may well be products of experimentation by
our own military. If this is so, why doesn't the Air Force concede it and
in this way reassure the American people? Ihere vould be no need to go into
detail on the nature of the experiments,
# # #
PHO
COI
PY
FROM

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 304, "chars": 1828, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONGRESSMAN
GERALD R. FORD
HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
NEWS
RELEASE
FOR RELEASE ON THURSDAY, P.M.,
APRIL 21, 1966
STATEMENT BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R-MICHIGAN.
The Air Force has Informed me it is arranging for a study by high-caliber
scientists of some of the UFO sightings which have never been explained.
PHOTOCOPY
This study will be placed under contract soon after July 1, start of the newg
fiscal year.
It will be carried out by a university which has no close ties with?
the Alr Force so that the findings will be completely objective, Air Force officiga
tell me.
Those people engaged in the study will be high-caliber scientists who have
never taken a position on
UFO's, the Alt Force said. It will be made clear to len
that they are not being hired to come up with findings in support of previous Aft
Force statements regarding UFO's,
I am informed.
The Air Force said there 1s too much effort involved to ask these scientists
to make this study without pay.
The report will definitely be made public, the Air Force assured me. The
whole purpose of the study is to clear the air as far as the public is concerned.
This, of course, was my purpose in recently requesting that public hearings
on the subject of UFO's be conducted by either the House Armed Services Conmittee
or the House Science and Astronautics Committee.
It was as a result of my call for a congressional investigation that the Air
Force now is arranging for a study of UFO's by topflight scientists not connected
in any way with the Air Force.
I would have preferred a congressional investigation with witnesses to include
reliable persons from among those who say they have seen UFO's. I still think this
would be beneficial. But the UFO study by a panel of scientists, with the report
to be made public, is a step in the right direction.

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2762, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RT
NEWS RELEASE
OFFICE OF ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (PUBLIC AFFAI
WASHINGTON, D.C. - 20301
PLEASE NOTE DATE
Spice
october 7, 1966
AIR FORCE SELECIS UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO
TO INVESTIGATE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORTS
IMMEDIATE RELEASE
NO. 847-66
OXford
7-5131 (Info.)
OXford
7-3189 (Copies)
TON
PY
The University of Colorado, Boulder, Colorado, has been selected by the
FRI
Air Force to conduct independent investigations inte unidentified flying object
Ol
M
(UFO) reports.
GEI
A research agreement, velued at approximately $300,000, is beira negotiate
with the university by the Air Force Office of Scientific Research to analyze
phenomena associated with UFO sightings and to make recommendations on the Air o
Force is methods of investigating and evaluating UFO reports - - a program known G
as Project Blue Book. "A report is expected to be made to the Air Force in early
1968..
Dr. Edward U. Condon will direct the scientific phases of the work, whiles
Robert J. Low will
serve as project coordinator.
Principal investigators working
with
Dr, Condon will be Dr. Franklin E. Roach and Dr. Stuart W. Cook,
Dr. Condon, former director of the National Bureau of Standards (NBS), is
a professor of physics at Colorado and a fellow of the Joint Laboratory for
Astrophysics which is co-sponsored by the university and NBS. Mr. Low is an
assistant dean of the university's graduate school.
the couponsored gre
Dr. Cook is chairman of
the university's psychology department, and Dr. Roach is an astrophysicist with
the Environmental Science Services Administration (ESSA).
Colorado is expected to select several other universities to take part in
the research.
These and other consultants will bring the number of scientists
involved to over 100.
Ihe National Academy of Sciences has indicated its willingness to assist
by appointing a panel--at the time the Colorado report becomes available to the
Air Force--to review the investigating tear's work.
This panel will not be part
of the investigating team, but will provide a furtner independent check on the
scientific validity of the method of investigation.
In announcing the selectien, Air Force Secretary Harold Brown said,
are more than pleased to be able to place this grant with respected individuals
in a university of such high standing in the scientific commurity, Additionally,
the location of the university should
prove invaluable to the investigators,
since the National Center for Atmospheric Research and the research headquarters
of the Environmental Science Services Administration are located at Boulder.
These organizations conduct research on the properties of man"s natural environ.
ment, specializing in the physical characteristics of the atmosphere and the
near-space medium.
MORE

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 185, "chars": 1238, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-2-
Air Force Project Blue Book files, as well as any other UFO information
in the possession of the Air Force, will be made available to the team.
Additionally, all Air Force installations within the U.S. will assist the team
if requested. The investigators will, however, conduct their research
independently of and without direction from the Air Force.
The decision to enter into a research
• agreement for this work was baned
on a recommendation of the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board which completed
a review of the resources, methods and findings of Project Blue Book earlier
this year. While complimenting the
Air Force on the organization of Project
Blue Book, the Board recommended that the program be expanded to include
investigation of selected sightings by independent scientists.
Within the Department of Defense, the Air Force has the responsibility
of investigating UFO reports.
The Air
• Force has been investigating such reports
since 1948 under its role of air
defense of the United States, and the
university's research does not alter Project Blue Book responsibilities of
receiving,
investigating and evaluating UFO reports.
END
(DOD Release No. 388-66, May 9, 1966, refers.)
PHOTOCOPY l
FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 75, "chars": 551, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
* 0CT 3900
0060 0% 2.01:
Inündeg re your consinuing
interact
in tar Porce matespo
beckeber e cbs dir bede nao scked me to imtom yon of our seleegon
PHOTOCOPY I
«" the Dniversit o: Colorero, Boulder, Colomdo, to condier independent
invencigetione doco widenti led Mying object (U60) perorus.
FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
150k ME tei, Üeicer T, 17w0•
Ikircher intornacion rould be belgral, biease belva knoro
A cachment
sinceraly,
Baye fore
ERYCE POE, II, Colonel, USAI
Chief, Flans Group
Degioletivo Maisoo
1: c3 oi Representabires

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 23, "chars": 170, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
.PORD LIBRARY

- -f cite esse f BOX: 5 VF

~ — a “T's 4, 4 -
fection Title: farct f
J {> ;

Date: 3/4 ¥/ lik bk

i Document it
, ie,
ao / ; VE ide / Livers Ver LETS AA a

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 267, "chars": 1689, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NE:
Marcia 23,
1960
Rep. u Mendel Ilvers, Chairman
Armed Servicea Cognittee
U.S. House of Representatives
Washington, Do C.
Dear Chaizman Rivers:
no doube you have noted the recent flurry of newspaper stories about
unidentifled flying objects (UFO's). I have saken spectal interest
in these accounts because nany of the latest reported sightings have
been in ay home state of Michigan.
The Air Foree sent a consuitant, astrophysicist DE. J. Alisa iynei
of rostavestern iniversity, to richican to investigato the various
reports; and he dismissed all of them as the product of college
student pranks or swamp sas of an lupreaston created by the rising
crescent noon and the planet Venus.
I do not agree chas all of
these reports can be or should be so easily explained away.
Because I think there way be substance to some of those reports and
because i bellave the inerican people are entitled to a nose chorougla
explanation tian has been given them by the Ait Force to dato, 1 am
proposing that either the Science and Astronautica Committee or the
Armed services compittee of the louse schedule hearinga on che sub-
ject of Uto's and invite testimony fros both the executive branch of
ene goverazent and some of the persons who clala to hava seen 170's.
I enclose macerial
which I eniab will be beipful to you in assessing
the sávisability of an investigation of UFO's.
May I flest call to your attencion a column by Roscoe irmand,
pablished last Sunday in walch Mr. Drumond says, "Jaybe all of Chesa
reported sightings are whinsleal, taaginary or unreal; but ve need
a moro credible and detached appraisal of the evidence than we are
дeczias."
1:12
Photocopy from
Gerald R.
Ford
Library

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 360, "chars": 2232, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Rep. i Mendel ivera, Chairan
Page two
march 23, 1900
it. iruesond goos on to stata,
"Ve need to sat ail the data drai
cogethur ta ona place and examined far more objectively than anyone
has done so far.
à arablo pubiia opiaion vill cone iran a tzuat-
worthy is at the evidence, not from belittlina le.
"The tine has coma los the iresident or congress to nare an objective
and raspected peel to havaatisite, appraise, and report an all
presant and future evidence about usat la going en.'
I agree fully with is, wrumnone's statomenta.
I also auggest you
acan the enclosed antias of six articlea by Bulkley Calffia of the
Griffin-Lurtados Vers Buzeau here.
in the last of his articisa,
publisied last January, in, Griffin says,
"A saia conclusion con ba
bricily stated.
It is that the dis Force la mieleadina the publle by
«ta confinina campaiya to produce and malalala belfat that alt
alabcinga can be explained avay as alaldentitlcation of famillas
sojects,
such aa balloons, stars and aircraft."
I have juat today received a numer of telagians ungdog a constessional
invescigation of FU's.
Onu is from Intired All Force cal, Harold le
Erous, Ardore,
Iannesses, vo saya, "I have seen USO. WIll se
available to testlfy."
another, sto Mes. Eebyle M. Davis,
Eugene, Oregon, reads, "Nine out
of ten people vant cruct of 420'a.
Press your lavastigation to che
tulleat."
Ronald Collar of loa digeles,
ma identitles hingeli as la scientist
from 1.I.I.," urgee chaR you
"do everything la your poser to mate
Air Force Project Blue Book (the A nave for ila atudy and verolcts
Dr UFD Z0p0IX3) inose to the pesple."
Are we to assunt that everyone
sho days he has dosa UV'a la an unreliable witzess?
i leI arory out of dan Arbor,
Michigan, cated larso 2l, 1909, states
chat "at least 4l persona, includiay 12 policenen, said today that
they saw a strange fiying ouject evaided by four Sister abips lard
In a sveup near here Sunday digas.
rats surrell of Scation WA,
DeCIDit, ditca an eye witness accoust of
a recent TO sighting by fulle Grenter of inn Arbot, an acronautical
engineer aployed by log ocuz Gampany.
He polaca out that a
aaronautical engineer can hardly be considered an uncrustwortly witness.
Photocopy from Gerald R. Ford
Library

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 95, "chars": 681, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
: "
Page Inree
farch 25, 1900
In the fira bellef that the derican public deserves a Better
explanation chal that thus for siven by the Alr Force, I strongly
recommend that there be a camittee investlyntion of the UFO
phenomena.
I think we ova le to the people fi catabllah credibllity regaring
WO's anú to produce the seeatest possible enlightament on tota
subject,
Kindest persial ragarus.
Sincerely,
Photocopy from Gerald R. Ford Library
Gerald R. Ford, %.c.
GaP:pIr
Enclosures.
co: Rep. William B. Bates, A-ilass
mned Services Gownitte
Rep. Joseph W. Martia, Jt., 2-Mass.
Science and Astronautica Comittee
Rep. James G. Fulton, i-Pennsylvania
Science and "stronautica Cormittee

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 15, "chars": 104, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GERALD R. FORD LIBRARY
crisis te ford ingrooma sna 2113
Papers
Folder Tide: UFO's
Document Title:
Date:

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 71, "chars": 502, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
[No. 55]
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
HEARING
BY
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES
OF THE
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
EIGHTY-NINTH CONGRESS
SECOND SESSION
APRIL 5, 1966
[Pages of all documents printed in behalf of the activities of the House
Committee on Armed Services are numbered cumulatively to
permit a comprehensive index at the end of the Con-
gress. Page numbers lower than those in
this document refer to other
50-0660
U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE
WASHINGTON: 1966
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 3541, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
HOUSE COMMITTED ON ARMED SERVICES
ID MESAN, S9TH CONGRESS
L. HENDEL RIVERS, South Carolina, Chairman
WILLIAN H. BATES, Massachusetts
I DWARD MÉBERT, Louisiana
MALVIN PRICE. Hindis
Wr FISHER. Texas
P'ORTER HARDY.
Tx.. Virginia
CHARLES F.
. BENNETT. Mlorida
JAMES I BERNE, longestrania
SAMUELS STINTON, No fork
OTIS C PIKE. Neu Fork
LESLIE CARENDS. Mlinois
ALVIN E. O'KONSKI. Wisconsin
WILLIANG. BRAI, Indiana
BOB WILSON, California
CHARLES S.
GUBSER, Californin
CHARLES E. CHAMBERLAIN. Michigan
ALEXANDER PIRNIE, len Tort
DURWARD G. HALL, Missouri
DONALD D. CLANCT. Ohio
LIVEN X. NEIZI. Mirnican
ROBERT T.
NTAFFURD. Vermont
ALTON LENNON. Sorth Carolina
RICHARDS. SCHWEIKER, Prunsrirania
WILLIN I RANDALL, Missnuri
6. ELLIOTT HAGIN. Grorgia
CHARLES A. WILSON. California
ROCERT L. LEGGETT. Californin
TED JOHNSON de. Oblahoma
FRINED EVANS, Colorado
RODNEE N. LOVE. Ohio
FLOST Y IICKS, Washington
HERTEX GNACHEN, Maryland
SPHEDS O. LONG, Lomisiana
B.S JOINE WALKER, Ten Mexirn
SANTIANO POLANCO ABREN, Phero Kien, draident Commissioner
PROFESSIONAL STAFF
Jons R. BLANDERD, Chirf Connarl
PIar W. ELLERER, Counsel
TRIED SHITISHER, ConsC
WELLE I1. Cook. Counsel
BARr 1. MoRies, Profession stal Member
RALPH IRSHALI, Professionel stat sembrr
JOIN FORD, Professional Stad Member
II
[No. 55]
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
HoUsE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERTICES.
Washington, D.C., Tuesday April 5. 1966.
The conmittee met, pursuant to call, at 10:30 a.m., the Honorable L.
Mendel Rivers (chairman of the committee), presiding.
The CHAIRMAN. Let the committee come to order.
Menibers of the conmittee, Secretary Brown and General Mel'on-
nell are back this morning for the purpose of responding to questions.
At the end of our last hearing I asked that Secretary Brown gire us
some information with respect to unidentified flying objects. I under-
stand that he is prepared to do that this morning and I also understand
that he has with him Dr. J. Allen Hynel, consultant to Project Blue
Book, which is the group charged with responsibility with respect to
UFO's. Also present this morning is Maj. Hertor Quintanilla, Jr.,
UFO project officer.
I think it would be well to get the UFO business out of the way first.
So I vill ask Dr. Brown to give us his report at this tinie.
Mr. Secretary, see if you can shed some light on these highly illumi-
nated objects.
We can't just write them off. There are too many responsible people
Mr. Ford has come out, he has a pretty good size stature in the Con-
gress, and so tell me what you know, Mr. Secretary, and let's see if we
can have some answers.
Secretary Brown. Mr. Chairinan, 1 have a letter here which is ad-
dressed to you, and I signed it. Let me run through it quickly, berause
it summarizes pretty well what our riems are on unidentified firing
objectiowing that, if there aro some questions, I can try to auster then,
or the Chief, or Dr. Hynek, or Major Quintanilla.
The CHaIRMaN, Whi don't we have the doctor come up to the table
not, because when me start asking questions we will have him there,
and we will just go all over the board.
Sit at the end of the table, Doctor.
Go ahead, sir.
STATEMENT OF HON. HAROLD BROWN, SECRETARY OF AIR FORCE
Secretary Brown. This is in response of your recent request for
information concerning Air Force activities in the area of reported
unidentified flying objects.
Within the Department of Defense the Air Force has the respon-
sibility of investigating reports on unidentified flying objects and of
(5901)

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 1001, "chars": 6525, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
iects might pose
In carrying out this responsibility let ine assure
you that the Air Force is both objective and thorough in its treat-
ment of all reports of musual aerial objects over the United States.
Under the name "Project Blue Books,
the Air Force carries out a
three-phase program. We (1) make an initial investigation of each
report received; (2) make a more detailed analysis of reports not
explained; and (3) disseminate information on sightings, findings,
and statistics.
In order to evaluate this subject as thoronghly as possible, the
capabilities of the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board have recently
been focused upon the subject of UFO's. This Board has just com-
pleted a detailed revien of this subject and concluded that the UFO
phenomena presents no threat to the security of the United States,
and that the present Air Force program dealing with UFO sightings
has been well organized. Recommendations by the Board are pre-
sently under study and are expected to lead to even stronger emphasis
on the scientitie aspects of investigating the sightings that marrant
extensive analysis.
Based upon 10,147 reported sightings from 1947 through 1965, a
suunmary of which is attached, I beliere it significant that the Air Force
has succeeded in identifying 9501 of these objects.
Virtually all of
these sightings were derived from subjective human observations and
interpretations.
The most common of these were astronomical sight-
ings that included such things as bright stars and planets, comets and
meteors, and fireballs and auroral streamers.
Other major sources of reported sightings include such objects as
satellites, mirages, and spirious radăr indications.
The remaining
646 reported sightings are those in which the information available
does not provide an adequate basis for analysis, or for which the in-
formation suggests an liypothesis but the object or phenomenon ex-
plaining it cannot be proven to have been here or taken place at that
in eraluating these sightings, the Air Force has used caretully
selected and highly qualified scientists, engineers, technicians, and
consultants. These personnel have utilized the finest Air Force labo.
ratories, test centers, scientific instrumentation, and technical equip-
that the unidentified objects represent derelopments
or principles
bevond present-day scientifie knomledge, or any evidence of extra-
terrestrial vehicles, the dir Force will continue to investigate such
phenomena with an open mind and with the finest technical equip-
ment arailable.
I am attaching a special report of the USAF Scientific Advisory
Board Ad Hoc Committee To Revier Project "Blue Book," the latest
edition of Project Blue Book, dated February 1, 1966, and an Air
Force statement regarding the UFO sightings at Dexter, Mich., on
March 20, 1966, and at Hillsdale, Mich., on March 21, 1966.
I trust that the abore information mill be of assistance to vou.
If I
can Hep you further in my way, please do not hesitate to let me know.
5993
(The information referred to is as follows:)
Sightings of unidentified fying objeets
l'ear
Total
sightings
U'nidentified
Year
Total
sightines
Unidentitied
1947.
1949
1950.
1953.
1954
1955.
122
156
186
210
109
1, 501
509
487
54.5
67C
1, 00t
1958.
1959
1961
1903
19051
Total.
827
300
567
091
399
562
886
10, 147
13
I6
640
AIR FORCE STATEMENT REGARDING THE TEO SIGHTINOS AT DEXTER MICH., ON
MARCH 20, 1966, AND HILLSDALE, MICH.. OF MARCE 21. 1906
The inrestigation of these two sightings was conducted by Dr. J. Allen Hynel.
scientifie consultaut to Project Blue Book: personel from Selfridge Air Forep
Base, Mich.: and personnel from the Project Blue Book ofice at Wright-Patter-
In addition to these two specific cases, there has been a food of reports from
this area both before and after March 20 and 21.
have not had the time to investigate all of these. It has been determined, host-
ever, that in Hillsdale, over and above the sincere and honest reporting br the
roung ladies at Hillsdale College, certain foug men hare plared prauks with
It has also been determined that the photographs released vesterdar
through the press was taken on March 17 just before sunrise near Milan, Mich.
and have nothing to do with the cases in question.
The buntograph clearly
shows trails made as a result of a time exposure of the rising crescent moon and
the planet Tenus.
The majority of obserrers in both the Dester and Fillsdale rases bave reported
only silent glowing lights near the gronud--red rellow, and blue green.
have not described an object.
The onlr two oververs who did dascribe an
object hare stated that ther were no closer than 300 vardi-
quarter of a mile amas-a distance mhich does not allow details to be determined.
have described glowing lights-lights that seem to more but
never far from a definite place or lights which suddenls disappeared and popped
up at another place.
The locale in both cases was a swamp.
In both cases,
location of the glow was pinpointed—in Dexter it maristen between toro distant
groups of people and at Hillsdale it was seen in a crampy depression between
the girls and the distant traps.
It was in both cases a vert bocalized phenomena.
The swampy location is most signifieant.
A stramp is a plare of rotting vegetation and decomposition. Siramns are not
Yet, the famous Dutrh astronomer, Minnaert, in his
"Light and Colour in the Open Air." derribes lights that hare been seen
in swamps be the astronomer, Bessel, and other excellent obserters.
resemble tiny flames sometimes seen right on the ground and sometimes rising
and floating abore it.
The flames go out in one place and suddenle appear in
another, giving the illusion of motion.
The rolors are sometines rellow, some-
times red. and sometimes blue-green.
To heat is felt. aud the lights do not burn
or char the ground.
Ther ran appear for hours at a wretch and sometimes for
Generally. there is no smell and no sound exerpt for the popping
vound of little explosions snch as when a gas burner ignites.
The rotting regetation produces marsh gas which can be trapped during the
Wheu the spring thaw drurs, the gas mar be released in sonie
The flame, Minaert sars, is a form of chemical luminescence, and its
Iow teinperature is me of its peculiar features.
kunwn and could well be the subjert of further inrestigation.
The glowing lights over the swamps near Dexter and Hillstale werp observed
for 2 or 3 hours, and they were red. green. and sellow.
sideways and to rise a short distance.
In sound was beard except a popping

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 1261, "chars": 8012, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5994
It seous entirels likely that as
CIL, IS, and PH. resulting
The chemistry honk he Sienko and Plane has this to say:
PHOTOCORY ROGERAL HARD WABRARY
air, Phosphine PH. usualls burst into flame apparently becanve it is ignited br
i santanens oxidation of the impure P.H.
The will-of-the wist.
observel it marshes, mat he due to spontaneous iquition of import PH,
might be formed be polartion of naturalls crurring phosporus compound."
Tt. las been minted out to the intestigating personnel be other srientists in
this ared that in swans the formation of HS and CHi from rotting regetation
These could be ignitrol be the spontaneons burning of PH
The is intion
swamps in this particular instance is
No group of witnesses nserved ant craft coming to or
going away from the sramy.
The glow was bralized, and Deputs Fitzpatrick
doveribed the glom from besond a rise adjacent to the swamp as visible throuch
He stater that the light brightened and dimmed such is stage don
smoothr and dom-and this desription exartlr tts the Hillsdale sighting
The brightening and dimming would hare been one to the release of rari-
The disappearance of the lights when people got close with flashlights or car-
lights would indicate that the glow spemed bricht to dark adapted eres.
night was dark and there was no moon.
The Hilledale girls kept their rooms
darl in orler to see the swamp lights.
It appears very likelt that the combination of the conditions of this particular
minter (un unusually mild one in that ared) and the partienlar weather rudi-
tions of that night—it was clear and there was little wind at eitber location—
were sueh as to hare produred this nuusnal and pozzling display.
SPECIAL REPORT OF THE T'SAF SCIENTIFIC ADTISORI BOARD AD HOe COMMITTEE
TO REVIET PROJECT
BLUE BOOK
As requested in a memorandum from Maj. Gen. E. B. LeBailly, Secretars of
Fore Ofteer of Information,
Brientifir Advisors Board Ad Hoe Committee met on Februart 3. 1966, to revien
The objectires of the mmmittee are to review the resources
and methods of intestigation prescribed be Project Blue Book and to adrise the
Air Fore of ant improrements that can be made in the program to enhance
the dir Forces rapability in earring out its responsibilitt.
I erdog to bring themselres up to date, the members of the committee initiallr
revirmel the lindings of previous scientific panels charged with lonking into the
Particular attention mas giren to the
report of the Robertson
panel which was rendero in January 1973.
The committee next heard briefings
from the ARNO Forein Terbnologr Division. which is the cognizant Air Force
agener that collates information on UFO sightings and monitors intestigations
Finally, the rommittee reviewed selected case histories of
TRO sightings with particular emphasis on those that have not been identified.
Although abont 6 percent (646) of all sightings (10117) in the rears 1947
through 1065 are listed he the Air Force as
"Unidentified," it appears to the
rommitter that most of the cases so listel are simply those in which the infor-
muntion arailable does not provide an adequate basis for analrsis.
nerfion it is important also to note that no midentified objects other than those
of an astronomical nature hare ever been observed during routine astronomical
studies, in spite of tho large number of observing hours which have been devoted
do examples of this the Palomar Observators Sky Atlas contains
some 5000 plates made with large instruments with wide field of vien: the
Harvard mettor projed of 1901-55 profided come 3,300 hours of obserration:
the Smithman risual prairie netork prorider 2000 observing hours.
« single unidentified object has been reported as appearing on any of these
plates or been sighted risnalle in all these obserrations.
The committee roncluded that in the 10 rears since the first T'FO was righted
there has been no erideure that unidentified firing objects are a threat to our
Having arrived at this conclusion the rommittee then turned
its attention toconsidering how the dir Force should handle the scientitie aspects
i
5995
of the UFO problem. Unavoidably these are also related to dir Force publir
relations, a subjert on shich the committer i*
not expert.
Thus the rent-
mendations which follow are made simpit from the scientitic point of view.
III. CONCLESIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS
It is the opinion of the committee that the present Air Force program dealing
with CRO sightings has been well organized, although the resources assigned
to it fouls one officer, a sergeant. and secretarty hate been quile limite.
rears and more than 10.000 sightings recorded and Massified, there appears to be
verified and fully satisfar ory evidence of any rare that is dearls outside
the framework of presentls known wience and terbunss.
Nevertheless, there
almars the possibilits that anairsis of new
sightings mar provide some
additions to scientitie knowledge of ralue to the dir forre.
the case records which the committee looked that were listed as "inentitie"
sightings where the evidence collected nas to meager or lon indefinite to germit
positive listing in the identified categors.
Beauxe of this the committee rerom-
mends that the present program be strengthened to provide opportunity for scien-
tific investigation of selected sightings in more detail and
possible to date.
To accomplish this it is recommended that.
Contracts be negotiated with a ten delerte unitersities to provide
scientifie teams to investigate promptly and in depth certain solvird sight-
include at least one porchologist, pref-
erablt one interested in clinical psrehology, and at least one physiral sien-
tist, preferably an astronomer or geophrsicis familiar with atmospheric
The nuiversities should be chosen to provide
gour gengraphical
distribution, and should be within convenient distance of a base of the Air
Force Srstems Command (AFSC).
(b) At each AFSC have an officer skilled in inrestigation ‹but not nerps-
sarily with scientific training) shonld be designated to work with the ror-
responding viversits team for that geographical sortion.
sentative of the
Air Forre ofice of Special Investigations ‹ONly mighl be
(r) One uiversity or one not-for-profit
organization should be selected
to enordinate the work of the leans mentioned under dal above, and alo to
make certain of verr close communication and coordination
of Projert Blue Book.
It is thought that perhaps 100 sightings a rear might bo subjected to this
close studs, and that possibly an average of 10 man-dars might he required per
The information provided be sud a procram might bring
to light new facts of scientitie value.
and would alwes verlair provide a tar
hetter basis than we hare todar for decision on a long-term
TEO procram.
The scientifie reports on these
program of the Projert Blue Book ofere, should srengthen the public position
It is, theretme, recommended thal--
These reports be printed in full aud be available on prquest.
Suitable abstrarts or condensed versions be printed and include in.
or as supplements to, the publisbed reports of Project Blue
form of report las trpified be Project Blur
Book dated Feb-
ruart 1. 1966) be expanded, and ansthing which micht suggent that informa-
tion is being withheld touch as the wording on pago a of the above cited
reference › be deleted.
The form of this report can he of great importaure
in securing public understanding and should be giren detailed study by an
reports Projert Blue Book should
be given mide unsolicited
among prominent Newers of the
persons as a further aid to publio understanding of the scientifie approach
being taken be the dir Forep in attacking the EO problen.
DEPARTMENT OF THE ArE FORCE,
OFFICE OF
THE SECRETARY,
Taxington. Dr. eptember ds. Hair.
Meworandum for militars dirertor, sientific advisort boardl
Subjert: U'nidentified fring objerts (T'FOs)
In keeping with its air defense role. the dir Force has the reponsibilitt for
the inrestigation of unidentified fring objects reported over the Cnited States.

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 1004, "chars": 6844, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HOSOOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
the name of this project is Blue Book (attachment 1).
Procedures for cou-
dueting this program
are established by Air
Force regulation 200-2 (attach-
The Air Fore has conducted Project Blue Book since 1948.
As of June 30.
1967, a total of 9.267 reports had been investigated by the dir Force.
9.267 reports, 603 cannot be erplained.
It has been determined by
the Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff/Plans aud
Operations that Project Blue Book is a worthwhile program which desertes the
support of all staft agencies and major comnlands and that the dir Force should
continue to inrestigate and analrze all L FO reports in order to assure that
such objerts do not prevent a threat to our national security.
The Assistant
has determined also that
Foreign Technolngt Division (TTD) at Wrigbt-Patterson Air Force Base should
continue to exerrive its preventir assigned responsibilities concerning UFO's.
To date. the dir Force has found no eridence that ant of the TFO reports
reflerts a tbrent to our national vecurity.
Howerer, mans of the reports that
cannot be explained have come from intelligent and technicalls mell qualified
individuals whose integrits cannot he doubted.
In addition. the reports receiver
officially bE the Air Force include only a fraction of the spectacular reports
which are publicized beans private CRO organizations.
decordingly, it is regnested that a working scientitie panel composed of both
physical and sorial srientists be organized to reriew Project Blue Book—its re-.
sources, methods, and findings-—and
to advise the Air Forre as to aur improve-
ments that should be made in the program in order to carrs out the dir Forces
assigned responsibiltis.
Dr. J. Allen Hrnel alo is the chairman of the Dearborn Observatory
Northestern
has indicated a willingness to work with such a panel in order to place this
problem in its proper perspectire.
Dr.
Hruek
discussed this problem with Dr. Winston R. Markey, the
former Air Foree Chief Scientist.
E.B. LEBALLI,
Major General, USAF, Director of Information.
AD HoC COMMITTEE ON UNIDENTIFIED FLIING OBJecTS (UFO's)
AGENDA
Thursday, 3 February 1966
0X(
0805
0810
0830
1000
1015
11+5
1315
Welcoming remarks: Commander or vice conmander, FTD.
Introduction: Dr. O'Brien. SAB.
The Air Force problem: Lieutenant Colonel Spaulding, SAFOI.
Briefing on Project Blue Book: Major Onintanilla, FTD.
Break.
Review of selected case histories: FTD Staft
Lunrl.
Executive and writing session.
SPECIAL REPORT OF THE USAF SCIENTIFIO ADVISORY BOARD AD HOC COMMITTEE
TO REVIEW PROJECT BLUE BOOK
Distribution
5997
tions and material reviewed and diseused. are available in the SAB seretaria!
offices for review by authorized persous or agencies.
Approved by:
HAROLD A. STEINER.
Lieutenant rolonel. ENAP
divistant secretary, Usal drientife Irisor! Boori.
Symbol
Copies
Secretary of the Air Force Office of Information.
Military Dirertor
DEAR. D
Conimittee members (1
Carter,
ir. Jesse Orlansky, Dr.
Corumander, F
Foreign Technology Division..
DOS/Foreign Technology (AFŠC)-.
Chairman, SAB
CAB carratorint
SCF
AFBSA
AFBSA
35
ON -
Meeting statisties bearing on this report including all times, dates. places, a
listing of persons in attendance and purposes therefor, together with their affilia-
PROJECT BLUE Book
The LIS. Air Forep has the responsibilits under the Department of Defens
for the inrestigation of unidentified firing objerts (T'FON).
The name of th
program, whirh has been in operation sinee 1948, is Projert Blue Book.
beell identified in the past as Projert Nign and Projel Grudge.
Air Force interest in nuidentitied fring objects is related directly to the Air
Force responsibility for the air defense of the United Stares.
Praphues for
condueting this program are established be Air Forre Regnlation 200-2
The objective!
of the Projert Blue
turnfold: first. to determine
rhether UFO's pose a threat to the securits of the United States: and. spond. to
determine whether CFO's exhibit ans unique sejentific information or adraned
technologs which could contribute
to scientific or ternieal researel.
course of accomplishing these objectives. Project Blue Book strives to idenrity
and explain all UFO sightings reported to the air Force.
HOW THE PROGRAM IS CONDUCTED
The program is conducted in three phases.
The first phase includes roeript
of T'FO reports
aud initial inrestigation of the reports.
The Air Fore bare
nearest the location of a reported sighting is charged with the responsibilit of
investigating the sighting and forwarding the information to the Project Blue
Book Otice at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Olio.
If the initial investigation does not reveal a positive identitiention or explana-
tion, a second phase of more intensive analrsis is conducted by the Projor Blur
Each case is objectively and scientifienlls analrzed and, if neces
sars, all of the scientifie facilities availahle to the Air Force can be used to assist
in arriving at an identification or explanation.
All personnel associated with the
investigation. analrsis, and evalnation efforts of the project view each report
with a scientific approach and an open wind.
of the program is dissemination of intormation concerning
UFO sightings.
eralations. and statistics.
This is accomplished by the
tart of the Air Force, Office of Information.
The Air Force detines an unidentitied flying objeci as ans aerial object which
the ebserrer it mable to identify.
Reports of unfamiliar objerts in the skr are submitied to the Air Poree from
These sources include militart and civilian pilots. weather els-
servers, amateur astronomers, business and professional men and women, and!
Frequentlr such objects as missiles, balloons, birds, kires, searehlights, aircratt
jet engine exhaust, condensation trails,
astronomical bodies and meteorological phenomena are mistakens reported as
unidentified fring objeets.
The Air Force groups its evaluations of UFO reports under three general bead-
ings: (1) identitied. (2) insufficient data. and (3) unidentified.
Identified reports are those for which sufficient sperific information has been
acemunlated and evaluated to permit a positive identification or explanation of
Reports categorized as "Insufficient Data" are those for whieh one or more ele-
ments of information essential for eralation are missing.
the onission of the duration of the sighting, date, time, location, position in the
skr, weather conditions, and the manner of appearane or disappearance.
element is missing and
securits, scientific, ternical, or public interest ralue, the Project Blue Book Ottes
conducts an additional investigation aud every attempt is made to obtain the in-
formatim neressary for identitication.
Hisrever, in some instares, essentiai in-
formation cannot be obtained, and no further action can he falien.
50-066 0-66—No. 552

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 1168, "chars": 7623, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5998
The third
Tridentine'
PRet sastered aiden
contains elberties data presses to anggest a valid bypothesis coneerning the
canese esplanation of the report Mat the description of the object or its motion
cannot be corelatel with any known obirt or phenomena.
DIPENORYRODENTIFICATMNS AND ETALUATIOTS
variens trpes of CEO sixbtings.
Host common are reports of
meyers, anroral i reamers, and ober estial bodies.
When observed through
haze, bed lose moving dends, or other oberarations or musual conditions, the
planes, beludhu Conns, cupiter, and Mars have been reported as unidentitien
Neiler mirages are ald sure of reports.
Satellite pro other major source of lEO reports.
reported a deis has mo don beranse of too tartors.
The tirst is the in-
"runset interest on the part of the publie: the second is the increasing mumber
de satellies in the sins.
Positise basedge of the location of all ontellites at
all time candles rapid identification of satellite sightings.
bananade objects in orbit about the carth i the responsibilitt of the North
American dir Deterse Command spare
delertion and tracking statew.
sopbisticated derbronte susten gathers complet spare traftic data instantly from
tracking stationsall over the world.
Diher sour surrillane ativities include the use of ballistie tracking and
BHO wballe are prepared be the VANA Goddard
Sque Flight depter at Greenbelt, Udoand sebaddles of the south-porth Equator
, rossings are properce be tho Smithanian Institution at Cambridge, Mass.
the data produced be these agencies, satellites mistakens reported an TFON
Some of these are risible to the naked eye.
Aircraft account for another major sourre of TEO reports, particularly during
advere weather conditions.
When ouerred at bigh altitudes and at
finee, airratt co base appenrancs ranging trom dise to rocket shapes due to
the plagion of the do on their bright vartares.
Vapor or manensation trails
frame iod aireral will solimrs appear do glow tiers red or orange when reflect-
in winlight.
Alteruners irm iet aireratt are often reported as CEO's since
they ran doser from great distanres when the aircratt monot be veen.
The Preit Blue Book Oice has dirt come with all elements of the dir
tilling operadions and special training Hights can be checked immediately.
trafie of rommercial airlines and tights of militart aireraft are checked with the
grapest control truter, ranbling an innutliate craination of aireraft
local flights are not carried. theye
fight are probehe ranscot wome reports.
Ballads routing to In
Sereral Thousand balloons are
released each das tron miliaos and civilian airports, weather stations, and re-
sieral types of ballas-neather
raminodes, badiosomes, dud the large research balloons which hare diameters
up to go bie.
1! nighu, balloons carrs moming lights which cause an nnusnal
appearance when obserted Reflection othe sun on balloons at damn and sunsel
attunes produce strange alerts.
This asually co ars when the halloon, heranse
« its alitude in espect do the sun.
Large balloons can move at sode of over
1ylnilse bey boor alon moring in bich alrigade jer windstreams.
These balloons
undimes apprar io de fattened on top.
Al other times ther appear to be storer-
shaped end to lone lights monoted inside the bag itsell dur to the sun's rars
retirring rbrouch the material of the balloon.
The Balloon d'ontrol Center at
Holloma dir Fore Base X. Mes., maintains a pot on all military upper air re-
dusther rulegors of CFO pralations labeled "Other" includes missiles, refer-
tions, mirage, searchlights, birds, kites spurious radar indications. hoaxes, fire-
direratt, satellites, balloons, and the like shond nod he reported since thes
do not fall within the delinition ofan unidentilied flring object.
CONCLESIONS
To date. the tirm concasions of Projert Blue Bonk are: 11) no anidentified
fring obert reported, instigated, and oralnated by the dir Force bas ever
5999
giren ans indication of threat to our national donrico: 12y there has lan do
erifence sulmitted diet discovered be the Air Eure that sightings categorized
as unidentified represent termological developments or principles bogond the
range of present-das seientific knowlerge: mal
indicating that sightings categorized as mulenied arrestra terrestrial rehicles.
The Air Force will contine to intesticate all reports ef mausual acrial pho.
nomena orer the United States.
The serriers of qualitien tientists and tech-
nicians will continne to be used to intestigare and analeze there reports, and
periodie reports ou the subject will be made.
The fonger chairman of the House Armed Serrices Committe. Mr. Carl Vin-
son, recently comneuted on the condnet of the UFO program be the Air Fores
and stated that conpressional bearings on this subjest are unressarr.
The Air Foree does not deny the possibility that come form of life mar arist
on other planets in the uniterse.
receited nor discotered ant eridence which proves de existenre and intrasgare
mobilit? ot extra terrestrial litt.
The dir Fores rotinnes do estend an open
invitation to angere tho feels that do possesses any epiders of estra terrestrial
rehicles operating within the earth's near spar envelope to submit hispriden
Initial contact for this purpose is throned the following idderss:
Project Blur Book Information Offer, SAFOL. Washingta. D.0.
Aurone observing what he ronsiders to bean unidentitio dying objed siondd
Persons submitting a lEO report to
the dir Force are free to diseuss ant aspect of the report with antone.
Air Foree does not seek to limit discussion on such reports and does pot withhold
er censor any information pertaining to this unclassified program.
VOVATNILABILITI DE MATERIALS
The following items are for internal use onlt and are not arailable for dis-
internal management and procres
for forwarding UTO reporte tothe appropriate agener:
1. Air Force Regulation 200-2.
Air Force has no films, photographs,
Photographs that hare been submitted for pralation
in conjunction with TEN reports have been determined do be a misinterpretation
of natural or conrentional objerts.
These shires have a positire identification.
The Air Force no longer possesses, and thus does pot have for distribation.
nutdated reports on Project Nign, Project Grudge, Blue Bod: Sprial Roperl Nee
14. and outdated Project Blue Book press releases.
Trumilitars TED mbira-
tions should he requester from the publisher, not the Air For
Bonks listed below deal with facts and theories about our solar mirers, tee
sun, planets, comets, meteorites, the universe, stars, ronstellations, and galaxies:
the computation of time as it relates do astronome dar mage and
charts, and the histort of astronomy.
"Sky and Telescope." br
Sky Publishing Corp, Harvard College obserrators.
Canibridge, Mars.
Monthle magazine, 60 cents let copr.
be Blair, published Prentice
Hall. Has an appoint
chapter on often misidentified prather phenomena.
"Planets, stars, and Space" be Chamberlain. Joseph Me and Vicholson. Thomas
An illustrated unterhnical explanation of the earth. panets, stars, and the
Prepared in coperation with the American
"Junior Science Book of Stars" be Crochs, Phoebe.
stort of what scirntists kunw about the
"Challenge of the U'niverse." be Hynet. .l.
Allen and Anderson, Norman.
the nature of the quiverse: astronoms and coologs, pubished lor
"The Story of the Stars," hE Maloner, Terrr: An introdation to the niverse:
our solar sistem, nur galatt. and other galaxies.
lant interesting illustrated
analogies bely build concepts of size and distance.
Includes refereney 1o the
Van Allen radiation beltsand zodiacal light obsertation of 1060.

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 185, "chars": 1556, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6000
"The World of Flring Saucers," by Menzel and Ros. A scientific examination of
the classir T'FO reports.
Continuons analisis of Soviet moon
Meteorites, and Comets," Dated 1963, by Middlehurst and Kuiper
and photus or comets computation of various comet orbital photos.
Chapter ou Siberian metenrite
'The Nate of Light and color in the Open Air," be Minnaert, Dorer Publica-
"Meteors," be Oliver.
This is an excellent paperback written in understandable lar language.
Standard test by foremost authority on meteors.
"Photographie Histors of Mars," 1905-61, by Slipher, E. C.. published by Lowell
"Anatomy of a Phenomenon," DE Falle, Jacques.
"First Man to the Moon," by Von Braun, Wernher.
Intal !:FO (object) sightings!
Trar
Total
siphtings
Unidentifed |
Souree
1917
1919
1951
1952
Case files.
56
Do.
Blue book, page 108.
Case files.
DO.
1950.
1957
Eage
Blue book, page 108.
Case files.
Do.
Do
Do
1, 006
190.1
1961
1962
1963.
1081
1905--
562
Total...
I0, 147
646
• Compiled Jan. 17, 1906
Statistical data for years 1053-641
1903:3
1964
Total
1853
1954
1956
8835352
#FEDERA B
1, 006)
TOTAL CASES BY CATEGORY
Astronoinical.-
Aircraft...--
ther
Uniintifed.
6001
ARE 9:
203
===
SEENOEATASEOE
175
131
222
SE E
25~
a1-
==-
ASTRONOMICAL SIGHTINGS
Meteors
Stars and planets.
l'otal._.
Hoaxes, ballucinations, unreliahle reportsand psychological curses-.
Missiles and rockets.
kufertions..
Flares and freworks.
12iTric
Radar malysir.
Photo analysis..
Physical specimens
Satellite decay.
rotal.... ...
I Compiled Nor. 1, 1905.

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 639, "chars": 3807, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1503305:3
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6002
=D=:
====
= =
Dobra a sine
altra from rosare porked
Ragh lady
...
==
-
=
Metal naul
Mistie br
armed planes
Hoa, ballad, prodr
Mists. and torte
Plates nd fareor!..
londe and enril...
B-0:20010001
Compike dan 1s 1066.
polar drape.
look.
Ketected moonlight, parbeld, moon.
Kelt eke moonlight.
* robert Hava-reki
• Anonadons propagalion.
1 Weather returns
lathng objeet.
¡ l'oor photo prore;
• No image on film
traver bulkels.
6003
FIREBALL REPORT
Persons observing a fireball or meter
should report the information do the
American Helenr Suriott.
The information desiral is contained belor.
A very brilliant weteor or fireball is reported to barr passed in vor virinits
on
- at the hour of.
Will dou please anser as falls as possible the
folloming questions, which are aried on beball of the American Meteor Societs
in order that permanent records of such phenomena may be drainer.
thest reports are published each contributor whose report is fairs compiste
will be mentioned if possible, and due credit diren.
those
It is only be the help of
who can give personal intormation that
computation of the orbits of metool.
Thesp data ate of cret sionide rahr
and all personable ettorts shold be made to eblain dan.
Tom sill be mahe
be of ihe greatest important.
fly fire your name and indress.
12) Where were sun when don saw the meteor? the torn is all pe
sire counts in mell!
13, Gire the date, bour, and minute when the attend appeared: am kind
of time used.
(t In what dirertion did it appear dor in what direrion was it birst spend'
This is not asking in what direction it was going
150 In what dirtion did it disappear dor in what dired dari dr spend?
For questions (ty and (5). simpl
those were the exact direetions.
It compass is used, sate it: also if magnetic
correction bas been applied to compan
16) At what beisht did it appear:
reading.
Ist degrees in andering. y
181
At what height did it disappear? To degras in anssering.!
Did it pass disrely overhead is, damuch de coith?
19 If not. to which side of the zenith did it go, and how car from it? else
degrees in answering.
110y
Did it apar loreach the horizon What sat ea horizon barr pon
‹11)
What angle did the path of the meteor make with the brican and in
which direction was it then going:
HEY It and are familiar with robellations describe C path of the boyees
through the
(18)
sky with reference do
*111*
Did the meteor appear to explane:
(14) What was the duration of its Richt in
117) Deserine the rain if one mas left.
l1 it
Baste kus ach to cu
drift. most rarefully tell in ishat dire tub train drifter?.
Give sketch it persile.
showing this with regard to horizon.
( 16)
What was the duration of the train in pronds?
(17) Did
ton hear any sand?
Ho long after seeing the meteor tras it before pon beard this smel?
Did you
hear an actnal explana?
How long after seeing the poposion was it before you beard it?
114)
Of what cler ias the meteor:
11! What was the size of the meltor? pompare it brill the moon or withe
i planet or star.
(20)
Was more than me bodt so before the espiosion rif any?
(21) What was condition of ser at tinie:
122) Give names and addresses of others who sad the meteor.
(23! Please mail this reply to: M'harles P. direr American Meterr Soietr,
521 North Wrneroud Arenne. Narhenh. Pa.. 10072.
The C'naIr. Mr. Secretary, let me ast pou this. Should this
he an erecutive session!
Secretary Brown. No.nothing I bare said so far has bern classilied.
and nothing I will say.
The C'aRyaN. Isthere any reason to brep chiseverative! Ithink
me have a lot of people outside of the door.
Let then come in.
MI: PRICE In gier of the reason you are haring it. I see no ob
The CHaRaN. Identeither. Whene open thedoor!
Mr. Brar. I would like'to mako das overcarion oil the rerord.

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 883, "chars": 5306, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
(Disenssion off the record.)
to The men an is ato day do a there is no eason
If there is no reason
lor them not being here, let them in here.
Secretary BRoiN.
This letter is unclassified. Some of the ques-
tions you ask may lead to classified material.
Mr. SCHwEIKER.
„dre all the files unclassified?
'The CHAIRMAN.
Let them come
and listen to the testimony.
When we get into the questions we will decide.
Open the doors.
Mr. Secretary, me will let you start.
Tou gentlemen who hare come in, the Secretary is explaining a letter
ho 1s seline to the commuttee.
You gentlemen of the press,
listen.
That is the best mav to find out.
, and radio, whaterer you represent,
(ro ahead.
(Serretary Brown repeats his statement previously read to the com-
mittee.)
The CHAIRMAN. Mr. Secretary, I have before me some pages trom
Lite magazine.
I don't know
what the date is, but it is recent.
Mr. NELLEHER. Tiro weeks ago, I think.
The CrAIRMAN. Tiro weeks ago.
It mentioned 10,000-odal sightings of these mysterious objects. I
note it has a picture.
Hare vou seen this! I will pass it on to you.
Serretary Brows. Tes, I have seen the picture.
The C'IRLIN. Here are two pictures.
1050 and the other taken † vears later in France.
They both look very
much alike detnally it looks something like a battleship.
Then here is something on another page here that is alleged to hare
been seen in Michigan, and it is eren sketched here with an antenna
furl all that goes with it.
Here is miy question: Responsible, well-trained people, like pilots-
thinksome B-2
Mr. KELLEnER.
People recale leat. ?
I do remember sightings by
commercial pilots.
The CHry, C'ertainly connercial pilots have reporter all kinds
of things.
How do vou explai away these clearly defined inysterious things
that these responsible people allege having seen.
How do your experts reconcile this?
cleane defined mysterious things
Secretary Brows. I will turn this orer to my experts in a moment,
Mr. Chairinan.
However, I should like to say this: We laren't explained all of the
reported sightings which we have investigated.
We have explained
N5 percent of thei, It are not sure about the other 5 percent.
are possible explanations for the other » percent in most cases. Hor-
erer, since we can't prove that our findings are the correct explana-
tions they are regarded as sightings which have not been completely
nerounted for.
The CHaRMAN, Well, now, does anybody, in authority or of stature,
«Nege that these things, whaterer they may be, hare come from other
planets or from somewhere outside of this iniverse?
6005
Secretary Brown. To the best of my knowledge, no one in the dir
Force, and no one in the executive branch has expressed
Nor hare I ever heard a Member of Congress make such a state-
ment. I know of no one of scientifie standing or eventire standing,
or'with a detailed knowledge of this, in our organization who belieres
that they come from extraterrestrial sources.
The CHAIRMAN. But vou have found parts of
meteors and things
of this character that hare been continuing to hit the earth forerer?
Secretary Brown. Meteors, of course, are of extraterrestrial origin.
I aı talking about extraterrestrial flying craft.
The CHAIRMAN. Objects that are made for the purpose of coming
Secretary BRown. That is right.
The CHAIRMAN. That is what I hare in mind.
Secretary Brown. That is right.
The CHAIRMAN.
So then your testimony, or your answer in re-
sponse to my letter in effect is that there are things caused hy various
phenomena, reflection of radar maves, the northern lights, somebody
has said marsh gases.
Secretary Brown. Yes; that is another explanation of some of the
phenomena.
The CHArMaN. As mell as meteors?
Secretary Brown. Yes, sir.
The CHAIrMaN. What else?
Secretarv Brown. Some of them turn out to be balloons.
Some of
them turn out to be aircraft seen under peruhar circumstances, and
so oll.
And me can explain 95 percent of them this way.
This does not
imply that a large part of the remaining • percent, the nesplained
ones, are not also of this character, but me sunply have not been able
to confirin this because me don't hare enough in formation about these
sightings.
It may also be that there are phenomena, the details of which me
don't understand, which are natural phenomena, and which account
for some of the sightings me have not identified.
In certain instances.
I think a further scientific explanation is a possibilitr.
Therefore, we
will continue to develop this approach.
The CHAIRMAN. Now, we
here Di: Hynek, and Major
We have these two gentlemen who are authorities on the Blue Book.
One is a scientist, the other is the T'FO project officer.
Now, we have asked that you gentlemen come. Dr. Hynek, is there
anything you would like to say to us?
Dr. HiNEr. Mr. Chairman, the press has recently treater me rather
The CHAIRMAN. You ought to be chairman of this committee
Dr. Hine«. The press has described me as "a puppet of the dir
Force," and has stated that I say only what the Air Force tells me to
say.
I would like to do something whieh may be a little daring, and
read to the committee a statement I have prepared which has cer-
tainly not been dietated by the Air Force.
The CHARMIN. At this point, I mant you to tum the loud speaker
up.
50-066 0-60-No. 55-3

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 991, "chars": 6162, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHO68COPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
Now, Doctor, before you give us this, would you give your back-
ground for the record?
Dr. HYNEK.
Yes, sir.
This information is included in my state-
STATEMENT OF DR. J. ALLEN HYNER, SCIENTIFIC CONSULTANI
Dr. HINER. My name is J. Allen Hynek. and I reside at 2623 Ridge
Avenue. Evanston. I.
I am director of the Dearborn Obserratory
and ot the Linchenmer Astronomical Research Center, and Chairman
the departnient of Astronomw at Northwestern Universit
18 I have acter as a frenuent scientifie consultant to the Air For
on the problem
UFO (Unidentified
phenomenon.
The UFO phenomenon might be defined as (1)
porting hy a'wide cross section of the publie, in this and in other
countries, of alleged aerial objects whirh, to the observer, seem to defy
explanation becanse of their appearance and behavior, and (2) the
widespread and growing interest in these matters by segments of the
public which, in some cases, has led to the formation of civilian orga-
nizations dedicater to the inrestigation of the said, reports, often ac-
companied by rilification of the Air Force for their handling of the
problem, a matter not beneficial to the dir Force image.
Such people
generally charge either (a) that UFO's are in reality secret devices
of the Air Fnice, Those existence is kept from the public, or (D)
that the dir Force knows all about risitors from space and is de-
liberately withholding information to prerent panic.
I third aspect of the FO phenomenon has been the association
of the terms TFO or "flying saucer"
with the idea of risitation of
intelligenres from outer spare, an assoriation which is not warranted
either be the data on hand, or by logical inference.
It is entirely con-
reirable that there might he midentifed aerial phenomena about us
which have no connertion with extraterrestrial visitation.
Thus, the phenomenon should essentially be viewed in its entirety:
The fact that the rerent sightings in Michigan caused a reaction far
out of proportion to the original sightings, the fact that my press con-
ference in Detrit the week before last was the largest in the history
of the Detroit Press CInb, the fart that I receive many letters from
schonlehildren who are writing class reports on T'FO's and indeed the
fact that I in speaking here before von, are all parts of the TFO
phenomenon.
In this contest. the kind of activity that the press has reported in
Michigan is not unusnal. It nult happened that the Dester and Hills-
dale incidents, although of little sirentific significance, lare attracted
Now, similar
incidents. and
intriging, have heen occurring for miny vears, without such
treatment on the part of the news media.
While such glamorous at-
tention is quick to mane. the underlying concern about TFO's, fed br
a continnons trickle of reports, is indeed growing in the mind and sight
During this entire period of nenrir 20
rears I hare attempted to
remain as openminded on this subject is circumstances permitted, this
respite the fact that the whole subject seemed utterly ridiculous, and
many of us firmly believerl that, like some fad or eraze,
subside in a matter of months.
Tet in the last a rears. more reports
were submitted to the Air Force than in the first a rears.
Despite the seeming inanity of the subject. I felt that I would be
derelict in my scientifie responsibility to the Lir Forre if I did not
pout out that the whole T'FO phenomenon might hare aspects to it
morthy of scientifie attention.
Mat te have here is a signal-to-noise
ratio problem: There is indeed a fantastic amount of mise, representer!
by the many misidentifications of familiar objerts seen under unusual
or surprising cireumstances—-balloons, birds, satellites, meteors.
craft, stars-yet, in all scientific honesty, one is led toask whether there
might not indeed be a signal somewhere in the noise.
As a scientist, I must be mindful of the lessons of the past: all too
often it has happened that matters of great value to vience mere orer-
looked berause the new phenomenon simply did unt fit the arcepted
seientific outlook of the time.
Thus, the eridence of fossiles for biologi-
cal erolution was overlooked: X-rais were overlooked meteorites were
overlooked as astronomers steadfastl refused to acrept sories
stones which fell from the sky.
Therefore, I hare set aside for further study some 20 partienlarly
mell-reported UFO cases which, despite the chararter, rechnical coni-
petence and number of the mitnesses, I have not been able to explain.
I have done this to illustrate that neither I nor the Air Force hide
the fact there are unesplained reports, and to illustrate also that the
Air Force does not maintain, contrary to some public opinion, that re-
porters of UFO's are lacking in intelligence or are objects fit oult for
For of these reports, 10 are from scientists and highly trainer indi-
viduals. 5 are from members of the Arued Forces, and members of
the police force, and 5 are reports made by reliable American civilians.
In my vien, the reliability of the observers was abore arerage in all
The recent cases in Michigan have not been included in this
particular collection since I feel that they are subject to simple, albeit
soniewhat unusual, explanation.
I cannot prove beyond donbt that this is the case, but these two non
famous reports illustrate the method the Air Forre has used
great suecess in finding logical explanations for the great majority of
We have used as a working hypothesis, when first confronted With
a report, that a conrentional explanation existed, either as a miriden-
tification or an otherwise well-norn object or phenomenon, a hallu-
cination, or a hoax.
This has been a very successful and productive
One must be aware, howerer, that complete adherence
to one hypothesis may turn out to be a roadblock in the pursuit of
research endeavors.
As the saying, goes, "If one digs too intently for coal he is apt to
miss diamonds.
Scientists should never be guilty of porertv of
bed ta te ta mazzling cases, me have
tended either to say that, if an investigation had been pursued long
enough, the misidentified objert would hare been rerognized, or that

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 1004, "chars": 6155, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHO 608OPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
jump to the far-out conclusion that the earth is host to space visitors.
Surely, in scientife fairness, me must examine other hypotheses
ts early as 1952, in a paper written for the journal of the Optical
Society of America, I called for scientifie attention to the problem
vointing out that "ridicule is not a part of the scientific method and
the publie should not be taught that it is."
In 1953, I had further recommendations to make, when I wrote in
i report to the dir Force:
It occurs to me that the publie interest in
"flying saucers" may be dormant,
but can be excited with small provocation.
I would recommend that: (1) se
lected "unkunwns" continue to be worked upon aud due publicitt be given them
when a satisfactory
solution is reached: (2) an announcement be
inarle that
the Air Force is interested in the phenomena which cause reports on a scientific
basis: (3)
use of a small civilian
scientifie panel to examine a few selected
"unknowns"
dud this, I repeat.
tras my recommendation in 1953.
In 1965. in
my capacity as scientifie consultant. I again advised that the reports
be studied by a cirilian scientific group, in a letter to the Office of the
Secretary of the Air Force:
If there be any potential scientific value in the fragmentary UFO reports, as
scientific consultant it is clearly mar dutr to point this out.
the past on a less formal basis, in priate conserration with, and informal reports
lo, Air Force offieials—I feel it is my responsibility to point out that ennugh
puzzling sightings bare heen reported br intelligent and often technically com-
petent people,
to marrant closer attention than Project Blue Book ran possibly
encompass at the present time.
information in the UFO phenomenon, then definitely let the recommendation be
made to have the National Academt of Sciences, or some otber cirilian group of
recognizer stature, undertake a longer study of the reported phenomena.
I am happy that my appearance before this committee affords me a
chance to once again reiterate my recommendations.
Specifically, it is my opinion that the bodv of data accumulated since
19+8 through the Air Force investigations deserves close scrutiny by a
civilian panel of physical and social scientists,
and that this panel
should be asked to eximine the CEO problem critically for the express
purpose of determining whether a major problem really exists.
I would, of course, be willing to assist such a panel in whatever way
I might and would even be willing to take a short leave of absence
from my university if it would help place this problem in its proper
The CHAIRMaN. You say fou can't write these reports off.
can't ridicule those who have made thent.
They are highly responsible
people, in various walks of life, that have reported them.
sometime in the past you recommended that a panel be set up to clear
these things, a civilian panel, to obviate the accusation that the Air
Force is or has been hiding their reports.
Now, are you saring to us this morning that there should be a panel
of scientists anthorized by the Air Force before whom these
things may be brought, and from whom a report could conie?
Dr. HTNer. Yes, sir.
I am saying that. This would be the gist of
my statement.
Homerer, I hare been scooped by Secretary Brown who has men-
tioned that the Scientific Advisory Board has recommended the same
thing.
6009
The CHaIRMAn. What you have recommended is being done now?
Dr. HYNes. It is about to be done, I beliere.
The CHAIRMAN. Is about to be done?
Dr. HTNEK.
Tes. I should like to make one conment:
The puzzling thing is that one would think many more people would
see these flying objects than do.
There should be many more wit-
nesses.
We should see a craft, if it actually exists as a tangible thing,
and
we should see it,
point to pout.
This doesn't seen to
happen.
Also, there should be far more radar sightings.
During the
international geophysical year, 1 was in charge of the optiral satellite
tracking program, and rou would think with the surveillance that the
astronomers placed on the sky, if these objects existed as tangible
objects, surely these astronomers would have seen more than they did.
It is a dilemma. Itisa puzzle, as tonsay, as tohon responsible people
can report such objects, and that they are not obrious to scientists.
The CHAIRMAN.
they don't know where they go, and they land in these remote places
whère there is no intelligence to procure?
Dr. HYNeR. I would say so, yes, sir.
board, we see them a few moments, and then they are gone.
the end of that.
This is what
puzzles me. I ani not going to ask further questions.
because I ain not knowledgeable with respect to the varying reports
that have been made.
So I will turn it over to some of the experts, and I will start with
Mr. BatEs. Mr. Chairman, I don't know-if I have to qualitty on
But, Secretary Brown, you indicated no oue of scientifie knowledge
in your organization has concluded these phenomena come from extra-
terrestrial sources?
Secretary Brown. That is correct. We know of no phenomena or
vehicles, intelligently guided, which have come from extraterrestrial
I excluded meteors, which do come from extraterrestrial
Mr. BAtes. Is this your conclusion, Doctor?
Dr. HiNER. This is also my conclusion.
I know of no competent.
scientist today who would argue the sightings which do puzzle intel-
ligent people.
Puzzling cases exist, but I know of no competent scien-
tist who mould say that there objects come from outer space.
Mr. Bates. Then what you are looking for is an explanation in nat-
irat phenomena, thns far jon have not determined the factors involred
Dr. HINER. Yes.
vir. Bates. But the interesting thing, of course, is me have so many
prominent people in the scientific world here who have taken a position.
a rather strong position—I have here a letter from a constituent of
mine. I
He isa project administrator or engineer in the MINUTEMAN
program. That is a responsible position, would we say?
General McConneLL. Tes
Mr. BaTEs. On
the basis of scientific ability he has been given a
rather important position toward the security of this country; is thai

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 1103, "chars": 6961, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
Secretary Brown. I mould like to know who he is and what his
responsibilities are before I conunent on this, Mr. Bates.
Certainly,
from the information contained in the letter that you quote, he appears
tormy! a position of some responsibility.
Mr. Bates. It does spem to be.
And as I read the letter which he has
written tome. it is certainly written by a well-educated person.
rourse, me here all kinds of comments on the other side of the issue
now, mith this Lunar I excursion around the moon, people say 1 sup-
›ose the people up there are making the same kind of reports as the
doctor has just made to us.
They are making these kinds of state-
ments.
Doetor, to be more specific, the paper which I have-Mr. Chairman,
I would like to get unanimous consent to insert in the recor the in-
formation which has been provided to me.
The CuRder. Without objection.
« The lecter to d'ongressman Bates is as follows:)
WENHAI, MAss., April 1. 1966.
L'ONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Represlatiers.
Washington, D.C
‹Attention. Speaker John W.
McCormack).
DEAR NIR: Me name is Ragmond E.
Fouler. I am emplored as a project
administrative engineer in the Minuteman Program Office for Srirania Electrie
Products, Waltham. Mass.
I nm presentir serving as chairman of a Teelmical
burpstigating Subcommitter for the National Inrestigations Committee on Aerial
Phenomena,
Wash.. D.C.
The reasons for mr writing are twofold. firstl-I hare been asked hr NICAP
to submit to ron our suboonmittee's complete file covering onr investigation of
the Exeter: New Hampshire
TFY sighting
witnessed at
ense range be local
vitizens and police oficers on September 3. 1905.
I am sure that rou are aware
et this sighting as it gained nationwide publicity recentle through NICAP-backed
article in
the
Saturdar Revien and'
Look magazines.
Secondlr.
I do
want
to put mrself on record as supporting the daims and riews of NICAP and
others whiel indicate that congresional bearings on the matter of T'FO's are
long orerdue.
T feel that the American people are capable of understanding the problems and
implications that will arise it the true facts about
officallr.
The UNAP pubis information program and police. as directed be the
Pentagon, of underrating the significance of UFO's and not releasing true, perti-
ment facts about T'FO's, is not only a disservice to the American people now but
in the long run could prove to hare heen a foolish polies to follon.
ni sudr.
I am cortain That there is more than ample high-qnalitt observational
evidenre from highlo trained and reliable mitnesses to indicate that there are
machinelike solid objects under intelligent control operating in our atmunsphere.
The derodrnamir performance and chararteristies of the true T'FO rale out
manmade or natural phenomena.
Such obserrational eridenre has been well
sapported in
insanes be reliable instruments ench as rameras.
geiger-routers, rariometers, electrical interference, physieal indentations in soii
and scorebed areas at landing sites, ete.
Lam reasonably sure that if qualitied civilian scientists and inrestigators are
able to come to this conclusion. that the TRAP, supported or the tremendous
farilities at its disposal, have rome to the same conchion long ago.
present offcial polios deliberatels attents to discredit the validitt of UFO's
aud a wealth of data and farts are not being released to the public.
I trust that you will aromine the attached T'FO report and related corre-
spondence in detail.
vermiling throughout the world at night aud in the davtime.
the real facts about UFO's are released. A public information program should
6011
de inaugurated that presents farts
gressional onen inquiry on the LFO problem
Sincerely,
urging ton to support a full con-
RAYMOND E.
FOWLER.
Chairman NICAP Massachusetts Subcommittee.
( The attachments to the previons letter are as follows:)
[Excerpt from Manchester (N.H.) Union Leader, Sept. C, 1965]
POLICE. CIVILIANS SIGHT TFO IS EXETER AREA
ExeTer At least fire people here, ineluding two police officers, have reported
seeing a fring saurer in this area.
The incidents nerurred earls
the unidentified flying object, it mas about the size of a house and had a red
glon around it, and mored silentlt through the night.
When Exeter police investigated a parked car on the Exeter-Hampton bypass
at about 12:30 inrestigating officer Eugene Bertrand. who approach the car and
found two women in a state of near shock.
Ther Lold that ther had been chased
along Route 101 all the war fron Epping, about 12 miles, by firing object which
glorred with a brilliant halo of red.
Aceording to the women, the "thing" fol-
Inted their car until ther stonned.
As the one woman told their stors one of them sighted the object once more.
about 2 miles awas, which Bertrand thonght was a star Iow on the horizon.
At 12 am.. Norman J. Muscarello, 18. of 205½ Front Street, Exeter, came into
the police station with a hair-raising report of having been chased bot a fring
objert as he was hitchhiking toward Exeter on Route 150 in Kensington.
Muscarello told Desk Officer Reginald Toland that as he walked along the
brilliant object began making passes on an adjarent field amd
Not knowing what it was and being naderstand-
abls shaken. he crouched in a diteh alug the road as the object, so brilliantly
red that its shape could not be determined in the glow, made what seemed to
him to be sparching passes at him.
Shortls thereafter the "thing" disappeared silently, as quickly as it bad ap-
Musearello then hitched a ride to the police station and related what
Athlough Muscarello's stort was extraordinart, Patrolman Bertrand drove bim
back to the scene of the incident in
the polie emiser. When ther arrived.
nothing was there.
Officer Bertrand suggested that ther walk into the held where the Alving object
was last seen, and ther were joiued there br Exeter
Bertrand was talking reassuringly then Muscarello
shonted "Lonk, there it is, rising up from behind those traps."
The officers spun
From behind a staud of trees in the back of the night. a lige blinding glow
of brilliant red light surrounding it, the objert rose, not fast but wareringly.
It traveled samir and ramed slightly from side to side.
be the blinding red light as it mored toward them across the field.
seemed to he coming toward then and Bertrand madea muse toward his police
serTire revolver but thonght better of it.
Then the theep men ran to the police
cruisers.
When questioned on the size of the object, Othor Bertrand estimated
it to he "ahout the sizp of a bouse."
Usually.
when incidents such as this are reported, the sightings take place
orer a perind of a few saronde
but in this instance, the men obserred the objer
for 15 or 20 minotes at what appeared tobea relativels short dista nee.
One of the most amazing points which Officer Bertrand made while being in-
tervieral mas the complete alcence of sound as the fring obiert hovered over

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 455, "chars": 3018, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOJASOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
2 near tarm being casting a billet go ommote delises witne
animals in the barn caused a tremendous commotion.
Horses whinnied
and kicked the walls of their stalls.
Then the object disappeared rapidly in the
distance.
ANOTHER SIGHTING
Officer Eugene Bertrand's report on the trio's sighting of the strange object was
made to Officer Toland, desk man at the Exeter police station, at 2:55 a.m.
Then at 3:30 p.m. Officer Hunt reported from his cruiser that he had again
sighted the UFO,
while he was at the intersection of the Route 101 bypass in
Exeter and Route 87 to Newßelds from Exeter.
Exeter police reported that a telephone call
from an unidentified pay station in Hampton had been made by a hysterical man,
but that the line had gone dead before the call could be completed or the pay
phone station identified
The man had dialed the operator and cried "Get me
the police" and said he bad been chased by a flying saucer.
Hampton police were notified, but nothing was determined about the point from
wiich the call was made, what had frightened the man-or why the call was so
6013
- 232XDUA You
is duped worried by decaf
sEic
5 Foresee is co.
NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE
ON AERIAL PHENOMENA,
Washington, D.O., September 15, 1965.
RAYMOND FOWLER,
Wenham, Mass.
DEAR RAT: Your excellent report on the September 3 New Hampshire sight-
ings has been received.
thorough
investigation.
You certainly are to be commended for a prompt and
The information
is most
interesting and
will
be of
great value.
We are very fortunate to have people of your ability donating their
services to us.
Mr. John Fuller of Saturday Review may be getting in touch with you about
these sightings.
He is doing a straightforward column
(he
writes
"Trade
Winds") on the recent wave of sightings, and has long had a sincere interest in
the subject.
We are cooperating fully, and I have given him a lot of specifie
information.
Our New
York No. 2 Subcommittee in Chautauqua County
western New
Iork.) and an intelligent young member have been investigating a landing report
near
Buffalo (Cherry
Creek) August 19.
It appears to
be a solid case, and
caused several F-M effects.
Angleton, Tex.
non to es i Beteen ston and hire eight a a relish te
ground in a field, started to investigate until the object moved toward them—
whereupon they fled in panic.
Sounds very similar to New Hampshire, but
we may not be able to get much details.
Thanks again for your hard work on our behalf.
Sincerely,
102 PIED 2N A 2UCOC
SAYO 20 SEROLDS
does met me =d
INS 2152018.
200 ia aLze,
DICK HALL.
*5A2102*
ADDENDUM II
(UFO Report, September 3, 1965, Kensington, N.H. (Bertrand-Hunt-Muscarello) )
ubiect: Weather, September 3, 1965, a.m
• NICAP. Washington, D.
I OPayone. Fowler, chairman: NICAN Massachusetts Intestigatine
U.S. Weather Forecast: Skies: Clear
direction: Northwest, Wind
velocity: 5 miles per hour.
Cemperature: Lower fifties
Respectfully submitted
RAYMOND E. FOWLER,
NICAP Investigator.
50-066 0-66—No. 55r

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 1129, "chars": 7043, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTPCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
[From the Saturday Review, Oct. 2, 1965]
ADDENDUM IA CUFO RPT, SEPTENBER 3, 1965, KENSINGTON, N.H. (BERTRAND-
HUNT MUSCARELLO) )
TRADE WINDS
‹By John G. Fulleri
When the tidal ware of reports about unidentified fring objects bit eren the
august pages of the New Iork Times last summer, me made a mental note in
follow the stort through to see just what conclusions might eventuallt be drawn.
State police in Oklahoma. Texas. Kansas, and New Mexico had risked their jobs
and reputations for sanity in reporting a mide number of observations, corrobo-
rated be radar trackings from the Tinker and Carswell Air Foree Bases.
homerer, the Air Force made it a point to release a statement that the radar
trarkings did not rorespond to the risual findings of the Oklahoma Department
"*'lublic safețs, and thestors disappeared from the pages of the press.
Skepticism is a bealtur thing. especially when rou get invelved mith whirling
saucers that deft the laws of aerodruamies.
But curiosity is also a powerful
lords and it was for this reason that me decided to track down at least one
speritic case of WE Chasing.
A phone call to the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phewomenon
in Washington, D.C., put us in touch with Richard H.
We learned from Mr. Hall that the Oklahoma State Police had released a nine
page report through its department of public safett, contradicting the dir Force
indicating that without question the Carvell Air Force Base
radar trackings and the State police risual reports mere identical.
a steads stream of now findings bad been received bE NICAP.
that the NICAP representatire in New England. Mr. Raymond
Fowler, was just completing a surver on an alleged landing of a TFO in Exeter.
N.H.. witnessed be not just one bat tro police officers.
We: taller successirels and at lengi lo Mr. Endler: Lientenant Cottrell nf
(he Exeter police: the Hampton, N.F., police desk; James R.
alitor of the Manchester (V.H.)" Union Leader: Officer Bertrand, of the Exeter
police forer: and the Pense dir Force Base in nearbr Portsmouth. V.H.
Understandabl!: the Air Forre is extremelt wart about the matter of UFO's.
and the Pease base could onlt confirm that a large number of sightings had heen
howerer, we were able to piece together the following stort:
Shortly after midnight. on September 3. Ofirer Eugene Bertrand nf the Exeter
police force was on routine duty cruising along an nrerpass on Route 101 near
He pulled up besides a parked car and found in it two women lin
that an airborne objert, bright
had been trailing them for nearls 12 miles all the was from
Bertrand an dir Force reteran of the Enrean war, was
skeptical, made a routine radio report, aud ment on with his cruising.
Within that same hour: Vorman Musparello, an 18-rear-old resident of Ereter.
was hitehhiking home from Amesburt,
Mass, and had reached a point 2 miles
out of town along Route 150. near Kensington.
According to his statement to
the police, he looked up into the sky and saw a similar object approaching him
with a rawing. kitalike motion.
He threw himself against a stove wall irhile
the object hovered orer a nearbr farmhouse, lighting up the entire area.
finalit made a run for the farmhouse as the object sailed out of sight.
to make sense of his hrsterill story. the farmer took no furtber action and the
boy hitchhiked into town.
Ilere he reported the stors to the police, even though
he was in a state bordering on shock.
It was nost about 2 a.m..
Offrer Bertrand was called on his car radio and
instructed to take the bog hack to the farm area to inrestigate.
"I was sure fhat thesp women aud this kid had seen a helicopter. or something
like that." Offer Bertrand told av
"But we went out to the spot, and I parked
the ruiser. It ward elear night.
pare bat is thered dear a horn bet on hore were deprt.
kid pelled, 'There it is!'
"He was right.
It was eoming up over a row of trees.
There was un noise
It was about 100 feet in the air.
and about 200 fent amas from us.
could see tive bright red lights in a straight ron.
left, and then from left to right-just like an adveriving vign does.
The borses rared kicking and making
an awful fuss. and the dogs in the far started harking.
The kid froze in his
tracks, and I grabbed him and pulled him toward the police car.
iny rerolver and then thought hetter of it.
Then Ofirer Darid Hunt arrived in
another patrol car.
"We sat there and looked at it for at least 10 minutes.
une that this doesn't happen-but it was, right in front of mr exes.
no tail, un wings, and again no sound.
awat. sort of floated and wohbled.
that it was there, and three of us sam it together.
Nobode else can tell ron exartly what it was.
tell rou that the whole stort is on the police blotter, and that tou can't find two
netter ofirers than Hunt and Bertrand.
"It I didat beliere these guts, lal pul
Hampton police will tell you that too mant reliable people hare reported these
The editors at the Manchester Union Leader and the
Exeter News Letter will tell fou that the reports are from ton mant
sources to doubt.
officials surpert other local T'FO landings have gone unreported.
As Lieutenant Cottrell said. "If I had seen that thing-and I was all alone.
nobodt else muld have erer heard about it."
[From the Haterhill Gazette, Oct. 27, 1963]
PENTAGON DOESN'T BELIErE UFO ExETER SIGHTINGS
WASHINGON, D.C.- The Pentagon belieres that, after intensive inrestigation.
it has come up with a natural explanation of the UFO sightings in Exeter, N.I..
A spokesman said the sereral reports stemmed from "multiple objects in the
aren." by which ther mean a high-altitude Strategie Air Command erereise nut
of Westorer. Mass, was going on at the time in the area.
A second important factor was what is called a weather intersion wherein a
laver of rold air is trapped between warm layers.
natural phenomena causes "aars and
planets to dance and trinkle."
The spokesman said "We beliere what the people saw that night was stars
and planets in nuusual formations."
(This is the official Air Force "erplanation" for the September 3, 1065. UPO
sightings in the Kensiuston-Ereter. N.H. aren.
I have asked the T'SAF publir
information oficer at the Pentagon for a copy of their oficial evaluation for the
subcommittee aud NICAP flesh
Chairman. VICAP Hassachusets Subrommitter.
NICAP MANSACHTSEITS INTESTIGATING SUBCOMMITTEE.
Tenham, Mars.
Subject: Addendum IT. CFO
report, September 3. 1965 (Kensington, N.H.)
(Bertraund-Hunt-Muscarello).
Date: October 10. 1965.
From: Rarmond E. Fowler, chairman, NICAP Massachusetts Subcommittee.
This newsclip identifving UFO reports in the southern New Hampshire area
is misleading.
At. the time of the September 3, 1067 CFO sighting I checked
with the manager of "SkT-Lite Aerial Advertising Co" and its aircraft was not
On detober 9 I weut oer the advertising plant's fight
paths between August and October 8. The plane was not even airborne between
August 21 and September 10.
1 See later USAF letter in file which rererses their position.

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 957, "chars": 6064, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOROPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
Joseph Rodina also infonned me that his aircraft rarely fies into southern
New Hampshire and when it does it is usually in the Salem and Manchester
amray from the Exeter area.
Ameshurt News that perhaps some UFO's reported in New Hampshire cond
Unfortunately, this newspaper used his statement to
explain the sightings in the Seabrook area which borders Kensington, N.H.
The "Skr-Litp" aireraft* does not carry red flashing lights.
It tras not airborne during the
southeast New Hampshire UFO flap.
I have notified the imesbury Nets of
the true facts and hare asked them to set the record straight.
I am issuing this
addendum to avoid further confusion.
RAYMOND EL FOWLER,
Chairman. NICAP Massachusetts Subcommittee.
[From the Amesburg (Nass.) News, Oct. 6, 1965J
UFO IDENTIFIED AS AD GIMMICK
The unidentified fring objeet spotted in this area by mans residents has finalls
been identified.
It'sa firing billboard whieh contains 500 high-intensity lights that spell out an
The plertronir billboard is towed be a speciall rigged light aircraft owned br
Skr-Lite Aerial Advertising Ageney of Boston and piloted by Daniel C.
Londonderrt, N.H.
Rerently the rig has heen flown over the Amesburg.
New Hampshire area carrring the advertising message,
"Put a Tiger in Four
Tank-see Tour Exso Denler."
Howerer, when spotted from an angle not directly below the aircraft, it gives
the appearance of a flring saucer. quite like the "UFO's" described by the area
A spokesman for the firm said the sign is 10 feet wide and 10 feet long.
plane can turn on a dime, and when it turns, it gives the appearance of being
"the spokesman said.
flights of the night-fring billhnard south of Boston also prompted a
flash to UFO reports before the "secret" mas discovered.
TEO SUMMARY SHEET
TEO reports-tent. 3, 1966
Number
Witness-Name and address
2 and 3..
Tuidentified woman motorist.
NIL. Exeter, Necrole, 205313 Front
3...
3.
Roal, Ereter,
N.A.
Offeer David
R.
Hunt. Il Charles
st., Exeter, N.F. (Exeter Police
Department)
Dilicer David B. Hunt
Unidentified man..
1 Not available.
Location of UFO sighting
Route 0L, Epping to Exeter,
18| Rise and inite proper
32|....
ties.....
20
Route 85/101 Bypass, Exeter,
Tamapton, N.H.
Time e.d.t.
-12:30 a.m.
Do.
12:35 a.m.
3:30 a.m.
Early a.m.
Hunt who filled out aud sigued an eight-poge CFO questionaire and later gave
use his name in comertion with the report.
residence of Norman Muscared and discorered that he was out of State mutil
Arrangements hare been made for a personal interview upon
I then drove out to the sighting area of siltings tun and three.
the general area.
lest. I went to the home of
Officer Bertrand aud drove him back to the area of sighting two and three where
he filled out a UFO questionnaire.
signed it and gave NICAT permission do lie
bis name in connertion with his sighting.
While at the sighting area he gave
me a detailed description of the sightings and related information.
vierred others in the area who had related information and arrived back home
Rirhard A. Fowler, and I returned to the area and
walked sereral miles along some powerlines near the
sighting area esamining this area for ant signs of a UFO landing.
the CEO might have been attracted to the area be these powerlines.
SIGHTING ACCOUNT NO. 1
At approximatelt 12:30 a.m.. e.d.t.. Oficer Bertrand came upon one.
(not to as reported by newspapers! parked in an automobile on roule 101 just
When asked if she needled help sbe said exciledle that she had
been chased along Route 101 between Epping and Exeler for 12 miles Dy a fring
object which was encireled with
i brilliant red glow.
objert dived at her moving automobile sereral times.
Bertrand asked
where the object was, she pointed to what he thonght was a bright star on the
He dismissed the incident and after matrbing the light source for a fer
minutes to reassure the moman he proceeded on in the cruiser.
the incident and did not attach enough importan to the woman's arount to
warrant obtaining her name.
SIGITING ACCOUNT NO 2 AMORE DETAILS FORTIONING PENDING
It approximatelt 1 am. ed.l.. Norman Muscarello was walking along Ronte
150 in Kensington,
N.H.. abont 2 miles from Exeter.
and had been thumbing rides home to Exeter.
proached the Clyde Russell residence be was alarmed to see an objeet carrying
at least tour extremely bright red pulsating lights emerge
and manenver over the feld adjoining the road which belongs to Carl Dining.
It moved over the Chrde Russell home and borered there.
20 to 30 teet from where Murrarello stood and the objert appeared to be just a
matter it sereral feet from the ronf.
Frightened thoroughly he crouched down
beside the stonewall whirh runs along the field.
Several times it seemed to more
so bright that the Russell home was bathed
with a red glow.
The size of the objert seemed to be
Russell home aud Muscarello laier told the police it was 90 to 00 feet long.
Then it moved bark over the dari Dining field
and disappeared over the trees.
Russell hone shouting that he had seen a "Aring vaucer."
The Russells Woke
up but refused to answer the don thinking that the bos was drink or some-
Hunrarello fnally gare mp and staried down the road toward Exeter.
He flagged down a passing automobile and rereived a ride to the Exeter police
‹The above aerount is based upon information respived trom Offrers Hunt and
I hope lo rpreite more detaile information from Norman Muscarello
personally as soon as he returns from Rhode Island.)
RACKGROUND
I arrived at
Usualtr the aircraft
Minscarello reported the incident to Desk Officer Resinald Towland at about
1:45 a.l.. e.d.t.
He was white with fear aud hardly able to talk.
was made to Ofier Bertrand asking him to return to the station, pick up
weene of the sighting which he did.
riving at the d'art Dining field the objert was nowhere to be sep
ing and looking from the cruiver for several minnes. Bertrand radined head-
quarters that ihere was nothing there
and that the bor must have
Imagining things.
It was then angrested that he exmine the held befor

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 1439, "chars": 8572, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6018
returning, No Bertrand and Muscarello advanced into the field.
As the police
officet plared bis flashlight beam back
and forth over the field. Muscarello
sighted the objert rising sowlr from bebind some nearby trees and shouted.
Bertrand swung around nud saw a large dark object rarrring & straight row of
frur extraordinarily bright red pulsating lights eming into the field at tree
top lerel.
It swung amund toward them just elearing a 60- to Totnot tree and
spomingtr onlt 100 feet away trom them.
Instinctirelt Offcer Bertrand dren
his service revolver.
¡ He stated that Muscarello said that he shouted "TIl shoot
it'", but thinking this unwise replaced it and relled to Muscarello to take corer
in the erniser.
He toll me thar be was afraid that ther both would be burned
the blinding lights dosing
in en them.
Ther ran to the cruiser where
Bertrand immediatels pot in a radio call to beadquarters for assistance.
Officer
Hun arrived within mintes and the trio ouserred the objert more amar over
and belon the tree line.
guestinaires and interricus icith
opiers Bertrand and Runt.
There is confusion emcerning the exact times
state chat the newspaper arount stated that Muscarello arrived at the station
at 12 a.m. is incorrect and that it was probably close to 9 a.m., e.d.t.
arbitrarily assigued
the time as being 1:t am. e.d.t.,
Muscarello's mother also thought it was closer to
l'erhaps after mr intertien with Muscarello, I will be able to pinpoint the
time more exactly.
Based upon the 1:tx a.m. time and the fact that when the
trio returned to headquarters and reported the righting No. 3 tn Desk
Inland at exactly 250 am. 1 figure that sighting No. 3 took place approxi-
mateir between 2:27 and C:# a.m.
Sighting Vo. 3 took place over the field of Carl Dining in Kensington, N.H., on
Route 150 about 3 miles south of Exeter, V.H.
The daration of the observation
was about 10 minnes be Officer Bertrand and Vorman Murrarello and about 5
minutes be Officer Hunt when he joined the pair at the held.
care of darlight at dur sighting time.
The weather was det and cool with a
Obserring conditions mere exrellent.
The munn had set at 11:15
D.m., e.d.l., and the sks was studded with stars.
The exact shape of the object
collie pot be seen be either police olicer although Bertrand fold me that it
seemed empressed as if it were round or egg-shaped with definitels an pro-
trusions like wings, rudder or stabilizer.
I hope to obtain more details from
Masearello concerning the shape, size, and so forth of the object.
The object carried at least four extremely brilliant pulsating red lights which
appeared to dash in a steady sequence. Ther were arranged in a fired straicht
Officer Bertrand said that ther were brighter than any light he
had ever seen and at close range he found that he could not look directly at them.
He had the impression that he and Musearello might have been burned if thes did
not run fron the object as it approached then.
He compared their brightness to
that of antomobile headlights shining directly in one's face at less than several
The manner in which ther pulsated gare Bertrand the distinet im-
pression that this was an intelligently constructed Felicle and definitely not
The lights were definitely seen to be part of a large
dark solid object.
The reflection off the object's body caused a halo effect around
Both officers had ereglasses on when
mond give an estimate of how large the object itself was although Bertrand was
Total to have said that it was as "big an a honse."
vers large but the halts obscured it preventing him from seeing enough of it to
kara how large.
When Offerr Hunt arrived the object had mored off so what he
thinks he only aw two of the lights.
I mas, homerer, able to obtain a statemeut.
from Bertrand concerning the apparent size of the object.
He stated that when
the objet wasat its closet that it mas almost the apparent size of a "grapefruit"
When he first sighted it the size spemed to be that of a
"baseball" held at arm's length.
He estimated that it was 200 yards arras when
he first spotted it after Muscarello shouted.
He said that at its closest approach
it just cleared a nearht 60-to TO-fnot tree.
He said the object was rery close and
that it appeared to be about 100 feet away.
While viewing it from the cruiser it
manuvered orer the field at about 500 vards awar before moring out over the
As if moved the object seemed to tilt back and forth from side to side.
The sighting area war open countrtside with farms,
The
object was first seen in the nortbeast and last seen in the north moving in an east
6019
to west flight pattern in a straight line with an eleration of about 10° abore the
Both officers had read a little an TFOs.
opinion as to that the object was but Officer Bertrand stated that it was definitely
not an airplane or helicopter and that in his opinion that it was an intelligentlt
constructed and operated rehicle.
No sound was heard be the witnesses, eren al
close range but apparentl, the animals in the nearby barn of Carl Dining could
hear or seuse something that frightend them as during sighting No and No. S
ther whinnied and kicked their stalls.
The dog which belonged to people arros
the road was barking furionslt.
No interference mas notient on the police radi
nor were the lights and ignition of the praiser afterted.
Neither oticer would
estimate the objert's speed but stated it was rers sinm.
indentations were found in the field.
Both oficers agreed that their signed state-
meuts and names could be used bE NICAl in connection with the report.
At 3:30 amn. ert., Oficer Hunt sighted what appeared to be the same objert
horering in the distance while at the Route 85-100 bypass in Exeter.
Officer Bertrand who told him it was probablr a star.
Shortle afrer this he looked
for it again but it had disappeared.
Since there was little detail in this sighting
I did not bother lo probe for details:
SIGHTING ACCENT 10. 5
To add to the excitement the polier and others told me that an aidentified
hrsterical man tried to call the police during thesp earls morning bours lo re-
port a LEO.
excitedt asked the operator to connect him with the police as he had been chased
by a "fring saucer."
Before the call could be put throngh to the police, the tele-
plinue connection went dead.
Neither the man or the partienlar Hampton par
station rould be traced.
MILITARY INVESTIGATION
Oficer Bertrand informed me that soon after ther made their report ot sight-
3 to Desk Oficer Towland ther notined Pease AFB, Portsmouth. V.H.,
of the sighting be phone.
Later Pease AEB phoned back and arranged for
officers to be interriered.
At around da.m.
that same
morning,
a TSAF major and lieutenant in mitorms arrired. questioned them and drose
loth Bertrand and Hunt out to the Carl Dining field where ther had sighted
the CFO.
asked more questions and returned with the police officers
The THAT officers asked the police to tre to keep the sighting
from the press so as to aroid alarming the local people.
told the
TSAF officers that it was too late for this as sereral reporters already had
the
!One had driven from Manelester on a motoregole complete with
black jacket. helmet. and goggles.
1 heard privatels that he
gare the police
quite a sart when he rame into the station looking like a man from outer
Bertrand told me that most of the questions asked were the same as 1 lad
interested in the size and shape
stuck in Bertrand's mind was that ther
manter to kuna if the chickens on the Carl Russell residence nest to the fieki
were awakened and alarmed during the sighting.
disturher an ther were not heard during the sighting although ther may hare
aur just were not heard as the chicken honse is probably 300400 rards, at
least from where Musrarello aud Bertrand wern standing in tbe field.)
Tlure interesting itens told 1o the police were that i that a TSAF checli
had rerealed no aircraft in the aren during the time sighting No. 3 necurred:
12) that Pease AFB had been rereiving other CFO reports in the den Hamp-
shire area almost nightly during the previous week: (3) ther mentioned
sighting which took place in late July concarning an automobile coming upon
a TFO hovering over the road in tront of them.
I have the details and hope
After returning Oficers Bertrand and Hunt to headquarters, both the major
sighting area and questioned residents
Muscarello told me that two TSAF ofirers had questioned
her son at leugth and that a CS. Nart ofirer also came to the house and asked
spveral questions ahout the sighting.

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 832, "chars": 5141, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOGOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
1. Ji. and Irs, Chase of Kensington who live a few miles down Route 154
An Air Purce oficer had gone around to all the stores selling news-
papers in Dseter and purchased all eopies of the Manchester,
Leer newspaper which carried a detailed account of these sightings and
a posed photo of Herman Muscarello and Officers
The police had unt beard of this and I did not check further.
(a) Irs Chase, i narap, was on dutt at the Exeter Erspital during the
sigbtings and told me that the Hampton. N.H. police phoned the hospital
to ipp if a man war brought into the hospital suffering a heart attack or
This was in relation to the hasterical man who tried to reach the
police by phone about being chased be a CRO.
Reference sighting No. 5.
dry Mes, Chare also told me that a friend of hers, a Mes, Parker Blodgett,
works as a purrespondent for the "Haverhill ( Mass) Gazette"
and was asked be the TSAF not to pabiich TEN reports.
did asTharea rops at ber artice dated September 7, 1937.1
Laurente of Kingston Road.
Kensington. NIl. told a churel
minister friend of mino that her brother. who usually
l'arl Dining field, refuses todo so borance he has beard that the hat has been
contaminaled by radiation.
3. The police told me that for the past few weeks previons to the sightings
hes have receired report from people, some of them persunal friends, of their
rhole bonse suddenlt heing momentarily illuminated bela bright reddish plon
atter thor had gone to bed.
TInnipton Road (Route 88). Hampton, N.H.,
star-like objert blinking red which alternatels hovered and mored
in the moster sky between 9 and 9:30 p.m. on September 5. 1065. Since Venus
DeMarco was a former USAT control tower operater who
an aireraft. I thought the report was morth
Rice, who owns a CB radio told me that he was talking orer his
N.H., police cruiser on Septemher T. 1965, about 8:00
The officer told him that he was out invextigating a UFO report and
asked Mr. Rio to gire hin a call if he spotted it.
He said the TFO mas supposed
to be over ibe Hampton Falls area near where M. Rice lives on Route SS.
The erniser neod call lefters ENLA-SG16 and used
both channel No. 2 and No. fi
6. Since the UFO sighting at the carl Dining fell. mant
mateh for the objert at night.
Mr. Dining had to re off the entranee to his
held aud post it as people mere littering his properts.
7. Mri, Muscarello thinks the USAF Lieutenant's name was Brant.
S. On my fired two risits to the Carl Dining Gold nu the morning of September
11, 1905, I saw a low-fring (I1D Plring Borear pass orer the aren on both
O. Other civilian TFO Intestiguers pero ciren the hrashod br the police. I
was very fortunate in have rorcirer surla good response from them.
6021
exhibited by the object; the other correlated CFO reports and the military's
interest and actions concerning the T'FO remorts, rate these as
sightings ur this investigator.
Sichting No. t: Insufficient information bul interesting.
chances are astronomieal that several people
entirel independent of oue aunther should report that ther were
a flying saucer" in the same general are?.
It is possible eoncerning sighting No. 5
that someone could have been monitoring the police radio conversations about
the UFO reports and decided to play a little joke hut this seems unlikels.
many people, other than responsible law enforcement officers are up toning the
police radio and at these wee hours of the morning.
Why the unidentified man did not or could not complete his call to
the police will have to remain on open question unless he steps forward and
relates what happened.
I wasable to talk to mans people during mr investigation.
The great majority
did not appear to be friglitened about the incilent.
USAF teans thought would oecur if the story got in the newspaper».
fear, I found a tremendous curiosity on the part of penple to know more about
Strangely enougli many openly voiced the interplanetary origin theory
without ant encouragement from me.
Sereral rears ago vert few people other
than those who hare read midely about UFO's would talk like this.
surelt over the rears the publie has been becoming UFO ronscious: Reports like
this oue coupled
with wide publication will help unch in informing the public-
at-large of the reality and problem of UFO's.
Muscarello: Comes from twice-broken home--has had problems with police
and is mell-known he them-ustalls a col, colo bor.
Until my personal inter-
view with him I can sat no more.
Bertrand and Hunt: Crrible witnes.
gand ulcervers with a been destre to
relate unir facts dad not or persuade them to guess al estimates of the
Sighting No. 1: There is enonch similarity between the identified woman's
report and the detailed sightings No.
? to arrant its probable an-
The chances of a similar report ocurrine the same moming, unless
it were authentir, is astronomical.
It is previble that ine obiect she pointer out
to Officer Bortrand as Jupiter and not the poject that had chased her.
3: The credibilitt
nt the writuossing police officers
rounded with the sightings of Murarello: the mant topiral CEO chararteristies
50-066 0-66-No. 555

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 239, "chars": 1593, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-PE AND
DINING FICID
TALO
BERTRANO
776477
00000006 00080000000001
RT$ 150
i pretens
SIGHTITE
7.3
MICAP Mass, Subcornítee
PHOTOSOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6023
DATA SHEET
Page one
This questio nailo has beer
prepared so
that
ca.
give as much
Information as
possible concemlig tho "Unidentifled fiyiig Object"
that you
have observed.
Please
try
you possibly can.
Ine 1:fo=natio.i
hats gas will essed or
e used fo
research purposes.
Your nare will not ba used il connection
with
auly
statement 5 r
conclus1o.:s,
or publicatio.s without your permission.
Tha k you very much for your cooperatio: in this matter.
Investigator: Natio al Invastigatio, Cormittee op herla, Phenomena
Raynond so
13
Fowler
Frierd Court
henna, Massachusetto
WAS SIGHTING TIME
1. Men did you see the object?
HONTH
1965
3. Tina zone: (Circle One):
Centran
Central
c.
Molitaii
Pacific
Other
2. Time of day:
LoUR
MINUT cS
(ClIcle One): (A.M.)
or
P.M.
(C1rcle One) : 6 Daylight
Saving Tima
b.
Sta dard
Time
4. Where were you whe; you saw the object?
NiH..
State of couitry
Additional remarks: _
5. intimate how 10.g you tw the object. HOURS
10
MINUT 25 SECONDS
5.1 Clicle one of the followig to indicate how cortal. you are of
your auswer to vuestio 5.
Certal..
6 Carray certas.
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess
"That was the couditio. of the sky?
(Circle One) =
a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight
e.
Just a trace of daylight
So trace of dayl1ght
Don't remember
N/A
10 sec as ob loded at he cLICH, or Lavi, whore was the
è. In EIont of you
c.
To your right
Overhead
so in i.
d. To y0...
I. Don't remember

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 340, "chars": 2128, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6025
, If vou sax the ol
Page 2
IWILIGHT, or sawi, what did you notice
c. CHa.
1. Don't remember
9. Has the object brighter tha. the background of the sky?
(circle ael: @ Yes
b. NO
8.2 MOON (circle one):
5. Bali tonighght
r:0ow11ght
dark
• Don't remember
C. DON'T REMEMBER
10. If it was BRIGHTUR THAN the sky background,
f a.. autonobile headlight appeariıg to bei
was the brightness 11ke that
(CIRCLE ONE BELOW) =
a. i rile or more away? (a dista.,t
caI)
Several blocks away?
c. A block avay!
e. Other?
BRIERTEN
RANGE
11.
Did the object:
(Clicle One for each question)
a Appear
to stad still at aiy time?
YES GO
DON'T KHON
suddenly speed up aid rush. away at ay time?
Break
i Give set snaked
Yus
Yus
JON'T KNOW
up 1u to parts or explode?
O DON'T KNOW
DON'T KITOW
Cha ige brightuess?
SON'T KNOW
Chauge shape?
DON'T KNOW
9. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
DON'T KNOI
12.
Did the object move behiid something at a y time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) :
YIS
DON"T KNOW
It you a swered yeg, the.:
tell what It moved behind:
13.
"a tu oblect nove di frot of somethig at aly time, particularly
DON'I KNOW
(ClIcle One)
If you a swered yes, then tell what It moved In froit of:
Page 3
16. Tell Iu a few words the
a.
SOUND NONE
COLOR
-BE?
•g things aboui the object.
17.
raw a picture that "'1l show the shape
of the object or objects.
Label
wings, protrus1ois,
etc..
especially exhaust
trails or vapour trails.
Place a.. arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was
Doving.
EWEST- FEAST-
-WEST-—EAST—
20, "'
RED LigHTS
FLASHING
19€
RED LigHTE
FLASHINg
18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy of blurred
wire a Drine star
c. Sharply outlined
e. Other LigHts WERE
SO BRigHT ThEY
CREATED A AMO
If there was MORE THAN ONi object, theu how mair were there?
Draw a picture of
how they were arra.ged.
a id put ai arrow to show
the directio. that they were travelling.
1%.
Did the object appear Circle une): SOLID: TRANSPARENTZ DON'T KITOW
15. Sid you observe the object
through ally of the following?
-reglasses
do Winãol class
clarkagl
YED
TUS NO
·= 30
g- Other
E. "«1.:

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 1399, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PH862COPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
Page 4
20.
Draw a picture that will
show the motio: that the object or
at the begi wing of the
and of the paths
alroctio: dullio the cours.
saw the one cared ond
à. Inside a buildlug
21.
what the real size of the object
Foet.
he hat rut am lette of the
(Circle One):
a Head of a pi,
S1lver dollar
1- 8 orapotrut a u question 41
Basketball
vuartor
$ In the eatens
Flying over a city?
i. Flying over open country?
at the time you saw the object, ad how did you
MeNT To Ass!sT 18 yearold bay
If you ware NOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILa oF other vehicle at the time, thail
willowing questio. 5s
28.1 rhat directio, were you movlig? (Circle One):
southeast E. Southwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? -
28.3 Did you stop at aly time while observing objact?
I shite over fild when it in Certals
Whill over tree
b. Pairly certain
• NOt VOTY FUTE
4. Uncertai.
ordering,
I- 200 yards!
2-500 Jorda **
How did the object or objects disappear fror. view? _
_DROPPED
BELOW TREe LINTe
5 Northeast & Southeast i Southest % horthest
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. southwest h. Northwest
24.
r order that von ca
giva as clear a picture as possible of what you
aw we would Iike fo
objecy that
a d what SHaPi would it have?
also the the innier of degrees it was upward from tha horizo, (olevat1o.)
31.1 ver It flest appeared
. Fron. true NoIth.
Do PIom horizo.:
31.2 Wha. It disappeared:
N/At

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 267, "chars": 1687, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOJOSOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6029
Page 6
=: the followig sketch,
imagine that you are at the polt snown.
"24"
show how high
the hurizo.
{skyl1 el whe
curved 11 * to
FIRST
Place
can i hid the be was all r
wns. you List saw it.
34.
rage 7
that were the eather ou ditios at the time you säw
the object:
21o00a(tircll 0ie)
34.7 4ND (Circle One)
ClosE sky
Hazy
6 signt breeze
ciscattered clouds
J.
Thick
or hear, clouds
d.
so: 't ISMEMber
i't temeniser
34,9 NiNTER (Circlu Que)
light
22a or ravy tarn
rain
Lo. t Icinemicer
34.4 TaPIRATURi (Circle One)
cold
à.
Hot
Don't temember
35. une. did you report tu sore official that you had
Official or Organizatio. lanels)
DESKOFFICER EXETER P.D.
OFFiCER
TOLAND
9
see: the object?
Year
65°
33.
in the followiig larger sketch diace a.
was whe. you Pital saw it,
"A" at the position the object
ad a "B"
s2w 1t.
(efer to sraller sketch as a, exa ole of "how"
the larger Exotch.)
36. Have you road literature pertal 1.g tu Unide U1flod Flyi. Objects!
(circle une) Es
If YEs, how much! (Circle Onel A LITTLE
MODARATALY? INDIV LY?
37. was a jus else with you at the tim you saw the objact?
(circle One)
37.1 IF you answered Yes,
ald they see the object tou!
(Circle Une)
37.2 Plcase list their ares a d aduresses 1f you circled Yus:
(Attach separate sheet for above)
38. Was this the first time that you had sedi an objects) like thist
(circle One)
whe ,, where, a dunder what circusta cea
3ed were thore dy Kioud alrcraft 1.. the exy durl g your sighting?
circle 010) =
insured Yes, was it followig
If yel a suered Yes, pleuse circle TYr: of afrcraft:
COLARSIAL
PRIVATE?
=..:
have lu what do You thi i the objectls) was a d what might
Do Not KNowi

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2274, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6031
i0. volyou thi k you co exit le ino sugai uf the objacti
Circle One)
YES
If you
evered Yas, the, what speed would you estimate?.
dage 6
41.
MPH
in you und t you ca astirate how far cuay fros you the object was?
(circle One)
Did the Object(s) cause any 1 terfere. ce with the operatlo., of:
(Circle where applicable)
TV? LIGHTS?
I? you u darli ed a y of acove, axplai.. the 1 taríera ca bolow:
13.
"at a photo take. of the Object(s)› (Circle One)
YES
(NO
Xiould you be willi o to submit a copy? (Circle One) Yus
Not de you circled yes, wease Bed copy 1 alcati. g mo etary rel burseme.t:
Yin, list then
four repurt 1E
say fusion your repet da
use your
(Circle Ore)
Please sivs the follo TRaNSmatio About yoursolE:
Sale ane
street
City
• State
I LEPHON: NUMD R 772-4973
at 1a your preset job POLiCE OFFiCER
SEx
tedie 1.dicato a 1 ducatio al tralnt g you have hadr (Nurber of yeart
3 Grade bo Tech 1 cal school -
High cchool
2. UБ graduate I
• I. Other special tral:1 g
U FO DATA SHEET
Page one
Information as possible concertig the
Objact"
that
you have observed.
you possibly
car.
The
Please
used for
research purposas.
Your nare will
not be used 1n
connectior
with
any statuments.
co. clusious,
o= publication. without
your permission.
Tha.k you very much for your
cooperatio, in ih1s matter.
Investigator: National Investigation Cornittee on Aerial Phenomena
Rastond é.
reported sigita.
13 Friend Court
Wanhan, Massachusetts
4x251A
1. ¡thei did you see the object?
1165
ANY
MONTH
XLAR
3.
Time zole: (Circle One):
caster
Central
Mountain
do
e.
Pacific
other
2. Time of day:
55
HOUR
MINUT aS
(Circle One) :
(A.M)
P.M.
(circle One): a.
Daylight
Saving Time
b.
Sta. dard
1. ¡here were yuu wha: you saw the object?
RFD
Dearest Costal Address
Nearest
ity oF To
ruditioual femazks:
N.H
State or Country
5-
5-
stinate how long you saw the object. HOURS MINUTES
SECONDS
Clue one the foolig to lidicate how certat. you aro of
Certal.
c. Not very sure
D.)Faiily certai..
d. Just a guaas
15.
"that was the corditio. Of the sky?
(Circle One):
a. Bright daylight
b. Ju11 day21ght
3. Bright twilight
a. Just a trace of daylight
: lo traca of daylight
:. Don't remember
I:: ErOnt of you
i. i sect of you
to yoilt right
a. To your left
Don't senember

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2223, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PH032COPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6033
Page 3
Page 2
3. If you
sew the
object
at NIGHT. TWILIGHT, OI
Dits, what did you notice
oicerlg the
STARd a id MOON?
3.1 STARS (O1ICLO die): a. None
8.Z MOON (circle one):
Se site remember
8: 3u11 to. 0.01g1gh*
Dull roonlight
No moonlight-
E: 0.t remember
ûark
9. Nas the object brighter tha.. the background of the siry?
(circle de): atis
C. DON'T REMINDER
10.iE at dis sabile hedge bag to be the be here ke hat
more away? (a dlsta.t
саг)
biudes away?
c. il
block avay?
A sever tay
than headbalts at
chose fANgE
12.
Did the object:
(Circle One for each questio.)
a, Appear to
stand still at ay time?
DON'T KNOW
b.
DON'T KNOW
Break up 1.to
parts or explode?
DON'T KNOW
Give off stoke?
DON'T KNOW
Cha.ge brightuess?
DON'I KROW
Cha ge shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
YEE
NO
DON'T KNOW
12.
Did the object nove behind something at ally time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
YAS
tell what it moved behiid:
DON'T KNOW
If you a swered yes, the.,
13.
21a the
object move 1i fIO…t Of something at aly time, particularly
cloud?
DON'T KNOW
(circle One)
If you aswered yes, the tell what It noved 1. front of:.
16.
Toll 1. a few words the jollowing trings about the oujüci.
SOUND
None
17-
Draw a
picture that will, show the shape of the object
or objects. Lubal
ald luciude 1i your
sketch a ly details of the doject that you sir eucia as!
wings.
protrusio:s,
etc..
and especially exhauri
traile or vapour traila.
Place a. arrow beside the drawing to show ihe directlon the object was
moving.
- WEST-
-EAST-
Kwo of the
Read
Lights FLAshiNg'
In suquence)
<-
- Inee -hine
18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
(e other Light: were so
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
oriout they createde
tale eFfect
19-
If there was Not now de oleag hoputer her to show
Draw a picture
of how they were arraged.
the directio. that they were travelling.
Swal
athree
Red
PLAchiNg
Liahts
moving on
_Horizen
AT
About
To anch
stard.
-0
1t: 213 the object appear (dIrele One): (SOLID3) TRINSPARENTZ DON'T KITOW
15.
Jia yul ubserve the object
through any of the following?
ayeglasses
b.
bur. glasses
61-5:30
d. "11. dow glass
YES NO
c. W1.üshicla
8: Horse
sloculars
YES NO

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2114, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HOTGOOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6035
20.
beets notur that ale
chow the motio:
vlace a.
at the
cid of the
directio. durt a Ene course.
10 0
Angle
chaNge
Page 4
direction
21.
13 9s 16 1o get honor ostanto hat the real etze of the object
How large did the object of oblocto
ppear as compared with one of thi
following objecta
.i the haid at about arm'a laigth
Head of a pl..
Grapefruit
Half-dollar
22.1 CIRC ON of the followiig to Indicate how certal.i you are of
our a..swer to vuestio.. 22
@ Not very sure
b. Fairly certain
Comparison base d
Probable
d. Uncertal.
distance
OF
2's - 4miles.
23. How ald the object of objects disa pear for wew? _Deopped be-
Lemmitesse
Lisa.
24.
could co. struct the
would you rake it?
ow, words a comol object or objects which when placed up 1i the
sky would give the sale gupears ice as the object which you saw.
Page 5
25.
25-
were you (circle One):
• Inside a build!:
Cutdoors
d. In a: airpla ie
sea
• Other
In the business sectio..
£ city'
u the residential sectior of
a city?
Flying near a ciflaid?
Plylug over a city?
E. Flyiag over oper comitry?
• Other
7. What were you doing
at the time you saw the oblect, aid how 2ld you
happes to notice 1tz
_Called
He assist other
If you were MOVING IN IN AUTONOBILi Of Other vehicle at the time, ther
29.
30-
28.1 rhat diractio, Nore you movlig} (Clicle One):
• Northeas
theast:
Southwest
L: Northwest
28-3 Dad fate for you go in will bearing delet
miles per hour
(circle One):
mat atractio; were you looks g wiel you aIRSE SAN the object? teste
a. North
g. West
→ Northeast a southeast i: Southent i. Mortest
mat alretio, were you 100k1 g whe. you LAST Saw the objectrichrcle one
a. North
c. casi
e. south
g. rest
fortheast a southeast i. southwast h. Northwest
31., If you are farillar with beartug termala gular directlo.). try to
actimate the lumber of degrees the object was from true lorth ad
also the
the "umber of degrees it was upward from the horizo. (elevatio.)
31.1 Mes It flIst appeared:
a. Fron. true North _
à. From bor120.:
degrees
_degrees
31.2 when It alsagraared:
a. FIOT trUe NOIth
D. ZIOn I0Z1201
degrees
degrees

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1490, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOSOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6037
32.
Page 6
in the following sketch, inagi e that you are at the polut snown.
Flage a
"A"
0.. the
curved 11:0
to show how high the öbject wàs above
who you ilkol saw it.
Place
carved it a to show how high the object was above the hordon, (skylle)
when you InDI saw it.
rage 7
34. What ware the weather ou ditio. a at the time you saw the object!
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle Ote)
34.2 WIND (Circle One)
Cluar sky
3. Hazy
w1.d
slight Sreeze
ücattered clouds
stro g wi.d
rhick or heavy cloud:
Do:. t remamber
e.
Do., 't remember
34.3 NEATHER (Circle Orie)
Dry
34.4 IMPERATURi (Circle Ore)
Cold
id
derate any ran
Snow
e. Do. 't remember
Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember
35. whe. did you report to sore officlal that you had see: the object?
Official or Organizatio.. Name (6)
Mouth
Desk ofFicen Exeten
P. D.
Year
65
Have you read Interature pertal 1g to Unide. tlflad flyig Objectst
(circle onel Tas
If Yas, how muchi (Circle One)(A LITTLE?
37. Nas a youe else with you at the time you saw the object?
37.1 IF you aiswered Yus,
37.2 Please list their names a d addresses 1f you circled Yes:
(Attach separate sheet for above)
38. Was this the flist time that you had see: au object (a) like this?
ised dazi there ay Kilvil alrcraft 1y the sky duri g your sight1?
was it followl g or attemptl g to intercept
i guy a sited lio, please circle TYPS Of aireraft:
2502 thin
to meis elid did the sircraft naval m
39. Located de at do you trike object ls) was a d what night

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 706, "chars": 4596, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HOOR&PY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
40. Notyou thik you ca estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)
ras
If you a swered You, tho, What speed would you estimate?
Page 8
MPH
41. Do you thi t you ca. estimate how far away fro. you the object was?
42. Did the Obloct (s) cause any 1 terfera: ce with the operatio., of!
NA I? you uderls dd a y of ibova, explai.. tha 1 tortere. ca belows
43. vas a photo take. Of the Object(s)? (Circle One)
¡/A Xiould you bo willi & to subst a copy? (alrele Orel Yus
"If you circled Yes, please sed d C0py g moietary rei bursene.ts
44.
15.
17.
Flytig Objectsi
I1st them below
May we publish your
may we publish your report a d
target t
mind Ages
Pis, (oticle one)
Please give the folluwig Informatio, about yourself,
Last iame
_DAvid
First Nare
Ruose!!
Middle dame
ADDRESS L
Chankes st. _Exeter
N. H
Street
State
ILEPHONS NUMBER 213 - 3615
inat 15 your present Jobi Police Officer
Please 1 dicato a y educatio al tralnug you have hade (Nurbas of years
i ran so Tech ical school -
- I. Other special trall g?.
48. S.1
6039
WENHAM, Mass., October 29.1965.
MASTON M. JACKS,
Major, U.S. Air Force, Chief, Pictorial Branch.
Public Information Division, Office of Information.
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE,
Office of the Secretary, U.S. dir Force, Washington, D.C.
DEAR MAJOR JaCKS: This is a formal inquiry concerning the official U.S. dir
Force evaluation of the detailed UFO report submitted to AFSC-FTD/Project
My investigation and subsquent report took place shortly
after the official U.S. Air Force investigating team from Pease AFB made their
The UFO sighting took place between the Clyde Russell and Carl Dining prop-
erties along Route 150 in Kensington, N.H.. on September 3, 1965, in the early
hours of the morning.
The witnesses were Norman Muscarello and Officers Ber-
trand and Hunt of the Exeter, N.H., police force.
In 1961 I customarily received correspondence from four office in response to
UFO reports submitted to the U.S. Air Force for evaluation.
I have submitted many reports since but have not received any response.
This is understandable due to the mans reports received br the U.S. Air Force
and I do not expect such a service on your part normally, but, I did spend a great
deal of time and thought on the Kensington. V.H.,
Four sending the official U.S. Air Force evaluation of the same as soon as possible.
I understand the evaluation has been made
Thank Jou for Jour cooperation in this matter. I lok forward to hearing from
RAYMOND E. FOWLEL
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE,
Washington, January 25, 1966.
DEAR MR. FOWLER: This is in reply to your request for information on the
The initial investigation from Pease Air Force Base was submitted to our office
1965, and contained statenients from the principal witnesses.
This data indicated that a refueling operation might bave been the cause of the
and refueling area "Down Date" are
controlled through Loring Air Force Base and located over the area of the sight-
A call was made to the controller of this refueling area, and we were in-
formed that they were closed from 03/0500Z to 03/600Z for an Sth Air Force
A call was placed to the 90th Bomb Wing at Westorer
Air Force Base for information on this operation.
The initial impression was that aircraft from an Sth Air Force operation, "Big
Blast," was the cause of the lights observed during this incident.
received from the 8th Air Force indicates that 10 B-t7 aircraft from Pease Air
Force Base involred in Operation Big Blast "Coco" were in the traffic pattern
over Exeter, N.H., between 03/H4+Z and 03/535Z.
A copy of this letter is enclosed.
conflicted with the time of the sighting and eliminated
these aircraft as a possible evaluation of this incident, a letter was forwarded to
Mr. Eugene Bertrand and Mr. Dave Hunt of the Exeter Police Department re
questing clarification of the time of the sighting.
A copy of our letter to these
gentlemen and a copy of their reply is attached.
The early sightings hy two unnanied women and Mr. Muscarello are attributed
to aircraft from operation Big Blast "Coco."
The subsequent obrerration by Off-
cers Bertrand and Hunt occurring after 2 a.m. are regarded as unidentified.
Lieutenant Colonel. U.S. Air Force, Chief. Ciril Branch, Community Rela-
tions Division, Office of Information
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JГ.,
Major, U.S. Air Force,
Chief. Proiect Blue Book.
Wright Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio.
glad to get vour letter during the third week in
November, because as sou might imagine we hare heen the subjert of considera-
ble ridicule since the Pentagon released its "final evaluation"

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 1049, "chars": 6754, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOSAPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
In other words, both Patrolman Hunt and myself saw
this objeet at close range.
checked it out with each other,
confirmed and re
confirmed the fact that this was not ant kind of conventional aircraft, that it
was at an altutude of not more than a couple of hundred feet, and went to con-
siderable trouble to confirm that the weather was clear, there was no wind, 1o
chaner of weather inversion. and that what we were seeing was no illusion or
We entered this in a complete official police report
as a supplement to the blotter of the morning of September 3 (not Septenber
Since our job depends on accuracs and an ability
to tell the difference herween fact and fiction. we were naturalls disturbed by
the Pentagon report which attributed the
obierts" in the area aud "weather inrersion."
What is a little difficult to under-
stand is the taet that your letter (undated) arrived
Since your letter sars that tou are still in the process of
making a final evaluation, it seems that there is an inconsistenes here.
this wouldn't be too important except for the
like this we are naturalls vers reluctant to be considered irresponsible in our
oficial report to the police station.
Since one of us (Patrolman Bertrand) was in the Air Force for 1 rears en-
gaged in refueling operations with all kinds of military aircraft. it was in-
possible to mistake what me sam for and kind of militart operation.
It was also definitels not a helicopter or balloon.
Immediately after
the objet disappeared, me did ree what probably was a B-M at high altitude.
but it bore no relation at all to the object me saw.
Another fact is that the time of our obserration was nearly an hour after
as rou sat this took place between midnight and 2 a.m.
Norman Muscarello.
who first reported this object before we went to the sight saw it somewhere in
the ricinity of 2 a.n.. but nearly an hour had passed before he got into the
police station, and we went out to the location with him.
We would both appreciate it very much if rou would help us eliminate the
possible conclusion that some people hare made in that me might bave (a)
do along this line mould he rees much appreciated. and I'm sure rou can under-
We appreciate the pinblems the Air Force must have with a lot of irresponsible
reports on this subject, and don't mant to cause you any unneressary tronble.
On the other haud, we think ron probabir understand our position.
Thanks vers much for vour interest.
DUGENE BERTRaND, Patrolan.
DAVID HuNt, Patrolman.
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE,
HEADQUARTERS, 8TH AIR FORCE (SAC),
W'estorer Air Force Base, Mass., Novembr 24, 1965.
To: AFSC ( TDEW/UFO.)
1. In reply to sour letter, same subject, November 16, 1965. and telephone con-
versation between Specialist Master Sergeant Heffley, 8th Air Force, and Sergant
Moody, Headquarters, AFSC, on November 19, 1965, the following information 1s
2. Big Blast "Coco." a SAC/NORAD training mission, mas flown on September
Br 03/0430Z. the operational portion of the mission was complete, and
participating aircraft mere en route to their home stations.
Ten B-47 aircraft from Pease AFB were intolred in Big Blast "Coco" and
were estimated to arrite at their initial amproach fix (Pease TACAN 320º radial,
10 DME fix), betmeen 03/04147 and 03/05352.
The town of Exeter is mrithin the
trafir pattern ntilized be air trafte control in the recovery of these aircraft at
During their approach the recovering aireraft
been displaring standard position lights, anticollision lights, and possibly over
For the commander.
Lieutenant Colonel, U.S. dir Force.,
Directorate of Operations.
6041
Mr. DAVID R. HUNT,
Exeter Police Department, Exeter, V.H.
GENILENEN: The sighting of various unidentitied objects br you and Mr. Nor-
man Mascarello was investigated be officials from
and their report has been forwarded to our office at Wright-Patterson Air Force
This sighting at Exeter, N.H., on the night of September 2 has been giren
considerable publicity through various news releases and in magazine articles
similar to that froin the Saturdar Reriew of October 2. 1965.
article is attached for your information.
This information was released br the
National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, a private organization
which has no connection with the Government.
As a result of these artieles. the
Air Force has received inquiry as to the cause of this report.
Our investigation and eraluation of this sighting indicates a possible associa-
tion with an Sth Air Force operation, "Big Blast."
this operation. there were fire B-47 trpe aircraft flying in the aren during this
Before a final eraluation of four sighting can be made, it is essential for
us to know if either of you witnessed aur aircraft in the area during this time
period either independentis or in connection with the objects observer.
there were mans aircraft in the area,
at that time. and there were no reports of
nuidentified objects from personnel engaged in this air operation,
assume that the objects observed between midnight and 3 a.m.
ciated with this military air operation.
If, howerer. these aircraft were noted by
either of ron, then this would tend to eliminate this air operation as a plausible
explanation for the objects observed.
HECTOR QUINTANILLa, Jr.
Major, USAF, Chief, Project Blue Book.
NOTENBER 1G. 1967.
Memo: TDEW/UFO.
To: Hq Stl Air Foree.
1. A report of an unidentified flying object was submitted to
Base in accordance with
of information submitted
observation mar be associated with the militars operation.
The location of the obserration was the New Hampshire area,
and around the town of Exeter.
Time of the reported UFO mas the night of
August 2-3, 1965, and specifically 03/0500 to 0600 Zebra.
This UFO report has
received considerable publicity in newspaper aud magazine articles,
Air Force has received numerous qeries regarding the rause of this sighting.
2. We would like to know the specific types of aireraft used in this operation
and possible location of these aircraft at the time of the report.
Colonel, U.S. Air Force,
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems.
VICAP MASSACHUSETTS INTESTIGATINO SUBCOMMITTEE.
Wenham, Vass, February 10, 1966.
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE,
Office of the Secretary,
T.S. dir Foren
Trashington,
D.C.
(Attention: Joln P. Spaulding, lentenant colonel. T.S. Air Force. Chief. Civil
Branch, Community Relations Division, Office of Information).
DEAR COLONEL SPAULDING: Thank rou for rour correspudence of January 25.
1966. in response to mr letter of Norember 24. 1965. regarding ms inquirs con-
cerning
September 3. 1965. UFO sightings in
Exeter. N.H.
I appreciate
Jonr letter and the attached backup information concerning which I would make
the following comments.

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 1150, "chars": 6797, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTGO42PY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
The UFO sighted by Norman Muscarello was identical to the UFO sighted
later by Muscarello Bertrand, and Hunt.
Norman obserred the UFO at close
range during his initial sighting.
There is no question in my mind that the
same or similar object was involved in both of these particular sightings.
number of pulsating lights. the rawing motion, the same location, etc., make
Since I did not interview the "unnamed romen" I am
not certain of the details of their sighting but according to Officer Bertrand, the
object thes described was very similar to the UFO they sighted later.
add that another witness, a male motorist, also sighted a similar. object.
tried to ploue the police from a pay station at nearby Hampton, N.H.. but was
Later he reported the incident to T.S. Air Force authorities at Pease
The chances are astronomical that sis people,
each other, should report the identical description of a UFO within the span of
seteral Hours in the same general area.
I am aware of the many UFO sight-
coineidence that many of these sightings were near powerlines.
Although I do not agree completely with the was
Washington is handling the
UFO problem I am sympathetie with the ofticial attitude.
I have enough faith
in the Government to realize that although official releases
indicate that UFO's present no problem regarding national security and that
Air Force treats the subject lightly, the ronterse is true.
a full-scale military and scientifie research program is being
(FO's because ther are a threat to our national security.
belief that I will continue to send the better UFO reports our subcommittee in-
restigates to Project Bluebook and will continue to urge the public to report
all UFO sightings to the nearest Air Force base at my lectures,
I might add that I encourage reporting such UFO's to VICAP con-
currently with any report to the U.S. Air Force.
It is heartening to see that the TTS. Air Force regards the UFO sighted br
Officers Bertrand and Hunt as an unknown.
I am sure this will help a littie in
reducing the ridieule ther
explanation of their sightings.
I feel rertain that if it were not for the fact
that their sighting is being carried nationally in the pages of Saturday Review,
Lonk. ete; and if they had not personally complained publicly and to your
office, that their sighting would hare been lumped into the same category as the
UFO Muscarello and the other sighted. Howerer, my rambling on will not make
a bit of difference to present official polier and in a real sense I am wasting
your time in even replying as I'm sure vour office is rery busy but I felt that I
would express mr frelings on the subjert at hand just for the record.
Thanks so much again.
I look forward to the time that Gorernment policy
will becone more relaxed on the UFO subject and in the meantime will continue
int menger researeh and efforts in this field for NICAP and the U.S. Air Force.
RATMOND E. FOWLER.
Chairman, NICAP Massachusetts Subcommittee.
Mr. Bates. In reference to the so-called sighting in New Hampshire,
octor, you are familiar mith that case
i. HINES. les, sir: 1 am familar with the case
Nr. Bates. You hare examined it?
Dr. HTNEx. No, I hare not been there to examine it. Much of my
information is based upon the rather excellent account that Mr. Joln
Fuller has given of it in Look magazine.
I cannot vouch for the
anthenticitv of his statements, but I hare talked with Mr. Fuller, and
he apparently has tried to do a very thorough job in talking with
people in New Hampshire.
Mr. Bates. Are Jou familiar with Mr. Raymond E. Fowler?
Dr. HYNER. I hare had some correspondence with him, but I have
never met him.
Mr. BAtes. Is this Portsmouth case one of the 5 percent that have
not been identified, or within the 95 percent on
which you have
reached a decision?
6043
Dr. HYNeK. It is, I beliere, to the best of my knowledge, listed as
unidentified.
Mr. Bares. This one is still unidentified?
DI. HENER. Yes, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. In other words, you make no bones about it, you
cannot explain it?
That is correct.
The CHAIRMAN.
I wonder if you would give us some idea of these 20
you have cited,
a little something about the
be happy to prepare them for submission.
But in broad description.
they
vary quite a bit.
They
are either daytime sightings or night-
time sightings.
I will describe
typical.
one,
which
may not be necessarily
But it is an example of a sighting that puzzled some rery
sold citizens.
These individuals happened to be and I will with-
hold names, of course- two students of anthropology at the University
of Wisconsin.
They were with two other people in a car, returning
home one evening from shopping, about p.m.
saw what they first took to be rotating blinker lights on a police car,
and they thought there had been an accident down the road some
They then decided that this couldn't be the case because the
lights were a little too hich.
This illustrates the sort of thing we
refer to as escalation of explanation.
When someone writes in or calls in that they have seen a space ship
patrolling the earth, and this is not a fact, this is an interpretation
of a fact, usually, what they have actually seen mas a light, I am
much more interested in the sincere individuals who report some-
thing, who say "I thought at first it was this, then I decided it couldn't
be that, it had to be something else."
In this escalation hypothesis,
the incident I have described, these people said it could not have been
blinker lights on a police car because they were too high.
The next
hypothesis was that it was an airrraft about to crash.
As the object
came closer all they could see were four huge red lights and an even
larger brighter single white light.
As it came closer to the car—-the
little 12-year-old girl in the back seat, became so frightened that she
just tumbled over and hid her eyes.
1 questioned these people for some 2 hours. They
were very intelli
gent people and were truly puzzied. They did not for a moment think
they were being visited by a vehicle fron outer space.
They were
just puzzled. They simply wanted an explanation of what they had
seen.
The object apparently extended upward at an angle of about 30
degrees, so that part of it could be seen above the telephone mires and
part below.
It hovered around the car for awhile.
The man drove
into a farmer's driveway, turned his lights out and listened, but could
hear no noise.
He backed out and as the object began to move away,
he gave chase but could not cateh up with it.
his mas a case of four intelligent people seeing this strange objec
and reporting it.
ut no one else did. Why not'
Was this some
ort of a strange phychic projection, or something these people were
particularly prone to? Why did this take place in an area which mas

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 980, "chars": 5619, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6044
not overly populated but certainly not completely sparse.
Why would
they be the oly four people to see this?
This is a problem
with on many reported sightings.
Therefore, I find it most
ditticult to aseribe a physical tangibility that there was an actual craft.
I rould rather seek some other scientific explanation.
Mr. Bates. With respect to vour response on that particular case
In the New Hampshire situation, two women apparently saw this
object which they said mas the size of a house.
They reported it at
And then the officer came out.
He sam it when
he got there. So there is someone who did see it in addition to the
people who reported it originally.
Mr. Bates. You have no decision with respect to the New Hamp-
Dr. HYNeR. I mould not offer or venture any conclusion to some-
thing I had not personally inrestigated.
Mr. Bates. This particular case has been referred to a study group,
the New Hampshire case, or has it not, or is it a dead issue?
Dr. HiNER. No case in the Air Force files that is unidentified is a
dead issue.
Mr. Bates. Is it just in limbo now, or is somebody still looking
Dr. HYNEE. I mould say at the moment, considering the recent re-
ported sightings in Michigan, that it is in limbo.
Mr. BitEs. Do von erpect to investigate this further? Would this
be one that you would préfer to the panel?
Dr. HINEK. Tes, sir.
I think this is one they should take a look at.
The CHAIRMaN. Do rou think they should be examined further?
Dr. HrvER. Iam sorry, sir?
The CHAIRMAN. Do you think this panel, about whom the Secre-
tarr has spoken, should
go into this further and make a report!
Dr. HINEK. Yes, sir: I do.
The CHuRmIN. There are five such cases, or four, of some unes-
plained phenomena: is this a fact?
Dr. Hrver. Yes. sir: there are at least that many.
The CHAIRMAN. Mr. Secretary, do vou plan to have this board look
Secretary Brows. We will continue our inrestigations of all of
these, Jr. Chairman.
I have this recommendation to establish a civilian panel from the
Scientific Arvisors Board, and I beliere I may act favorably on
it, but I want to explore further the nature of such a panel, and the
proud rules, before I go alead with it. I don't want to hare a
group of people come in for just 1 dav and make a shallon investi-
cation. Ther have to be prepared to look into a situation thorough-
Iv if ther are to do any 000d.
The CHARAN. If
jou cannot explain these things, and you are
our source of beginnings, how on earth could a subcommittee of this
committee erplain them?
Dr. HTNER. Are vou looking to me for an answer?
The CHAIRMaN. If I conlucted a hearing on this it would go on
and on, and on. if I let it, I mouldimagine.
6045
Dr. HoNEr. Well, sir scientists have a somewhat different way
of working.
They gather data quietly without fanfare, without the
press looking over their shoulder.
Tier mar work for several rears.
The CrueLer. What would
you suggest that I in. Doctor, as
chairman of this committee?
Dr. Hrver. Ton are ina totally diferent category, sir.
The CHATRIAN. Thank Tou
since flus thing began in Michigan, we have two members of the
Michigan delegation, and I am going to start off with Mr. Nedzi and
ask him if he has any questions.
Nez. Mr. Chairman, you are very kind. I don't hare ant
questions directly pertaining to Mirhigan, although T have rerent-
It been advised my district
is about 150 miles from the sightings.
The sightings are moring eastward toward mr district. [Laughter.]
One question.
Doctor, as to these statistics.
Are they statisties
only from the United States, the investigations made be you and the
De. HEveK. Ies, sir. The Air Forre moull have no jurisdiction
over cases in other countries.
But there re. I understand, reports
from other countries, also.
Mr. NEDzI. Is any effort made to roodlinate information with
some of the sightings that are made abroad?
Dr. HENER. No, sir. Tipto now de hare made no concerted effort
Mr. NEDZI. Do you think it might be a good idea to do it?
Dr. HTNER. Well. I think we should
attend to the situation here
in the United States first.
Then, if our efforts are sures ful and if
me strike scientifie pardirt and find something of ralue, then perhaps
the other step von suggest would be adrisable.
Do tou know whether ant studies are going on over-
seas, mith respert to CFO's?
Dr. HINER. I know of no formal studies. detually, the rest of the
world seems to be gnided br. and shows a tremendous respert for. the
T'S. Air Force, and ther feel, I mulerstand that the Air Force has
done a fine job.
Mr. NeDzi. Perhaps the question should be directed to the dir Force.
but it seemed to me there should he iome kind of exchange of ideas
among the scientists who might he interested in it in other conntries
where these sightings have taken plare.
It might contribute toward
an exposé of the problem.
Let me elarify for the record, I do not beliere in Aring saucers, but
I think it is important to hare some kind of eridence that can be pre-
sented to the people so that they don't let the thing get more out of
hand than I think it already is.
Secretary BRont.
That is what we have been trying to do. Mr.
Nerzi. I do not think me have any ideas of a scientifie nature to
exchange with antone else ret, nor do ther have ench information to
exchange with us, and the difficulty in going to an international pro-
gram is that it mon't broaden our knowledoe of basic data vert much.
On the other hand, it may degrade the quality of the data, because we
bare hard enouch time getting details in this country.
athed but mesplained paups are morth pach more than a

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 1135, "chars": 7004, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOT Y FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
number of uexplained cases where the data is not sufficiently precise
to be helpful in an analrsis.
!. "EDZI My final question, Doctor, would he whether and T
think ron touched upon this—whether there has been ever any eridence
ill any of these mesplained sightings that would indicate that there
issome kind of estraterre-tial intelligence inrolred?
Dr. Hrens. I beliere 1 hare covered that.
I have not seen any
evidence to contin this, nor hare I know any competent
who has,or who belieres that anv kind of extraterrestrial intelligence
Homerer, the possibilitt should be kept open as a possible
hypothes. I don't think
me should ever close nur minds to it.
certainly there isno real erience of intelligent beharior of hardwares.
If we had rereived periodir risits hy controlled space relicles since
1!47, or earlier, it is likely ther would have had some kind of trouble
if some fume and dropped something off the roast of Spain or some
place, and ie hare not come across any positire proof like that.
M. Vrozi Mr. Chairman, until the rightings get a little closer to
mydistrict. I hare no further questions.
The C'ELIRarIN: Irerognize Mr. Chamberlain, then I go to Gorernor
Stafford and Me. Fébert, hecause I want to get as close to the districts
I want to put in the record Mr. Ford's letter, and the response br
Secretary Brown.
What else, Mr. Blandford, mught to go in the record?
Mr. BLANDFORD. That is all that ought to be in at this time.
The Curaris. Without objection, me will put all of these in the
I want to shed as much light on these illuminated objects as
(The material abore referred to is as follows:)
CONGRESS DE THE L'VITED STATES,
OFFICE OF TIE MINORITY LEADER.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Washington, D.C. March 28. 1066.
Represenlative L. MENDEL RIVERS,
l'heimum. Ared Sorrices Committee.
r.s. House of Representatirra,
DEAR CIALS RIVERs: No doubt fou have noted the recent flurry of nems-
paper stories about unidentified fring objects (T'FO's).
1 bare taken special
intered in these arcounts because mant of the latest reporter sightings have been
in at home State of Michigan.
Che dir Forep sent a consultant, Astrophrsicist Dr. J. Allen Hrnek of North
rastern Universits, to Michigan to investigate the various reports: nud he dis
missed all of then as the produet of college student pranks or swamp gas or an
impression created be the rising crescent moon and the planet Tenus.
"grop that all of thess reports can be or should be so earily explained anav.
Berause I think tbore mat be substance to some of these reports and berause 1
believe the American people are entitled toa more thorough explanation than bas
been given them be the dir Force to date. I am proposing that either the Scienre
mud ANtronantire d'ommittep or the Armed Serriors l'ommittee of the Hone sched-
ale hearings on the subject of 'FO's and invite testimour from both the exern-
five branch of the Gorerument and some of the persons who claim to bare seen
I enclose material which I think will be helpful to ron in assessing the ad-
visahilite of an investigation of T'FO's.
Mar I first call to dour attention a column be Rosop Drummond. published
Iney Sunday in which Mr. Drummond sars.
"Harhe all of these reporter sightings
are tbimsical, imaginart or unreal: but we need a more credible and detached
appraisal of the pridence than we art getting."
Mr. Drummond goes on to state.
"We need to get all the data dawn Ingother
in oue place and examined far more objectively than antone has done so far.
stable publie opinion will come from a trustorthr look at the evidence. not from
'The time has come for the President or Congress to name an objective and
respected panel to inrestigate, appraise, and report on all present and fume pri-
dence about what is going on.
enclosed eries pisis artieles by Bulbler Grim of the Gritin-fairban Terrs
of his articles, published last Jannart.
"A main conclusion can be briefly stated.
It is that ih Air Forre is mis
bublie be its continuing campaign to produce and maintain belief
that all sightings can be explained awar as misidentinention of familiar objects.
such as ballonns, stars, aud aircraft.
I have just todar receired a number of telegrams urging a congressional intes"
tigation of UFO's.
One is from retired dir
Another, from Mrs. Ethele M. Daris, Eugeno. Orego, reads. "! out of to people
mant truth of TFO'»,
Press four investigation tothe fullest.
Ronald Colier of Los Angeles, who identitios himself as "a sientist from MIT."
urges that Tou
"do erertthing in four power to make dir
Free Projet Bine
Air Force unme for its studs and rerdicts on CFO reports) knomn to
Are me dasanme that everyone obo sale he has seen UPO's i"an
dated March 21, 1066, states that "at
least t0 persons, including 12 policemen, said today that thet saw a strange fring
object guarded Do fsister ships land in a sramy near here Sunday night."
Matt Surrell of Station ITR, Detroit, cites an ere witness acconut of a rent
TEN sighting br Emile Grenier of Ann Arbor, an heronantical engineer emplosed
He points out that an aeronautieal engineer can hards be
considered an untrustmorthy witness.
In the firm belief that the American publie deserres a better explanation chan
that thus far giren by the Air Force, I stronglt recommend that their be a com-
mittee inrestigation of the CFO phenomena.
I think me owe it to the people to establish credibility regarding T'ROs and lo
produce the greatest possible enlightenment on this subject.
Kindest personal regards.
GERALD R. FORD, Membrr of C'ongress.
[From the Washington Post, Jar. 27, 1966]
DON'T SNEER AT L'FO's
(Er Roscoe Drummond)
Tou ran't dismiss the possibility that some of the unidentified tiring objerts.
which so mant people have sighted in so mant places, are real
There are, of course. TFO buffs who seem to want
to helier pretthing and
disenunt Iogical explanations.
But Air Forre officiale assigned lo check up on
thesp sightings seem so bored and skeptical that mant peoplo bare the impression
that they think the publie would panie if all the facts mere brought out into the
Let's unt leave the search for more knowledge to those who tend to accept
prertthing uncriticalls or to those who tend to dismiss erers T'FO as ridicnlons.
President or Congress to name an
resperted panel to investigate, appraise and report on al present in falre
pridence about what is going mi.
Last meek, more than 100 persons (some of them trained observers) reported
seeing "fring saucers" in seren States,
from Maine to Tetas to dolorado.
Last rear, projert Blue Book. the small Air Force unit created to keep rabs
on these things, received 856 reports of T FO sightings.
During the last d rears, the National Inrestigations Committen on derial Phe-
nomena, a private group headed be a retired Naval Academs Marine Corps pilot.
receired 3,000 suel reports.
bring the past 10 rears, the NICAP received some S00 reports and care that
1.500 of them "seem pretts substautial and uncanainal "

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 1054, "chars": 6698, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6048
The Air Force totals 10,147 UFO reports and states that 616 of them remain
unesplained bE provable natural phenomena.
Maybe all of these reported sightings are whimsieal, imaginary or unreal.
But we need a more credible and detached appraisal of the evidence than we are
Marbe there is no intelligent life on other planets.
planets conld not sustain such life.
One fart about the !'FO» gires me pause.
There hare been un really volid
reports of creatures being seen getting off landed saucers.
planet lo another involves great intellectual enriosity and I would think it almost
impossible for someone from outer space, once here, to stifle that curiosity to the
extent of not tryiug to make personal contact with Earth people.
we have been seeing onlt preliminary unmanned orbitings of the
Earth preciselt controlled at great distances.
But we don't know.
We need to get all the data drawn together in one place and examined far more
objectivelt than antone has
i stable public
from a trustworths look at the eridence. not from helittling it.
6049
who lites in Woodland Beach,
produced a piece of film with a blob on it that he sars his camera "saw"
he pointed it at a "Alying saucer" over his home Fridar night.
Detrnit News photographers say the blob could be due to a wrinkle in the flm.
But Pau and his mother, Mrs. Mariannice Richwine, insist that they saw the
strange glowing obieets carorting in the skr and that the dark area on the
picture represents one of then.
The object in the pieture doesn't seem to have much material substance.
Neither Paul nor his mother can account for the fact that the thing they saw
was bright and shiny with flashing colored lights while the camera recorded a
Paul said his Argus F-100 was on time exposure at f. 2.S and mas loaded with
fast film when he took the picture at about 11:30 p.m.. Fridar.
The News photographers conceded that the darkness in the picture "might' be
the indication of something moring quite swiftly ona time exposure, or the blob
could be & water sput on the negative or a wrinkle in the film.
shapes about 10:30 p.m., Fridas.
She saw them from her front window, she said.
[From the Washington Erening Star, Mar. 25, 1966]
DEPUTY SHERIFF "SHOOTs" A U'FO OVER MICHIGAT
sheriff said an unidentified flying
object sighted over sonthern Michigan last week was trapper—on filin-and still
another CEO was reported resterdar.
Deputy Sheritt Darid Fitzpatrick of Washtenaw
the photographs with a lint camera ronghly the size of a man's two forefingers
Prints were delared berause the ting filn lad to be sent to Forest Hills, N.I.,
sighting of an unidentitied
flying object near Holland. Mich. came
from both Mr. and Mrs. Robert Nichols.
who live across Miehigan's sonthern
Loner Peninsula near Sangatuck.
Thet said it flew across a highwar ahead of
them, no more than 150 to 200 feet high.
2t. said the object appeared about half the size of an automobile and
was "a roud cirle glowing red'on the inside and white on the outside."
Nichols description fits roughly that siren he sereral of more than a seore who
hare reported sichtings in the Ann Arbor area in the last 10 days.
Fitzpatrick, howerer, said the two objects be photographed gave off a bril-
hant rellow-white light in gracefnl swoops which he
Arhneider obserred from about †an. to Tam., Mareh 16.
The photographs show two distinet streaks of light in the sky high
street. lights lending into Milan.
Nir details of the objerts are risible in the
photographs bon upto 8br 10 inches from the tiny film.
Dr. J. Allen Iruek. a Northwestern Universits astrophrsicist, was sent here br
the Air Forre to investigate repent reports.
He has scheduled a nems conference in Detroit today to discuss his probe.
Meanwhile, reports of unidentified fring objects moved south into Ohio todar.
A farmer who lives near Upper Sanduskr in northmestern
deputies that an obiert shaped "like a top" or a "Christmas tree upside down"
hovered over a mooned area on his property earls todar.
Deputies were called to the farm three times,
but the farmer said the objert.
mith lightsun its outer edges, disappeared each time before they arrlred.
[From the Grand Rapids (Mich.) Press, Mar. 22,
1966]
STATE FLYING OBJECT REPORTS BRING PLEA FOR FEDERAL SIFT
ANN ARBOR.-A Michigan Congressman planned Tuesdar to ask the Defense
Department to inrestigate reports of unidentified Aring objects sighted near Ann
U.S. Representatire Weston Vivian, Democrat, of Michigan, left for Washing-
ton. D.C., Monday after conferring with Sheriff Douglas J. Harvey, of Washte-
Harrev said Vivian also planned to talk with the T.S. Air Force.
Three times within a week, residents of the nearby community of Dexier hare
reported sighting nbjects flying in the night sky.
"I didn't beliere those reports."
police personnel and reliable citizens having seen them. I must beliere some-
thing is in the Washtenaw County skies."
And Tuesday, the Hillsdale Connty civil defense director and 87 college ceds
said they watched an eerie, hovering flying object settle in swampr hollow near
a school dormitory Monday night.
41. the rounty civil defense director for 10 rears, said he
watehed the unidentified object through binoculars for 3 kirs.
The Air Force announced it was calling in
the Dearborn Observatory at Vorthwestern Universits, Dranston.
Ill.. and scien-
tific consultant to the Air Force's UFO study program, to investigate the rash
Force said.
In Hillsdale, VanHorn said he joied the 87 Hillsdale College coeds and their
houseniother to watch the object.
He said it emitted watering orange, red * * *.
[From the Detroit News, Mar. 23, 1966]
PHOTO ADDS NEW WRINKLE TO SAUCERS
1Bg Douglas Bradford)
While Air Force officials prowled through the countryside for some sion of the
strange night visitors that have been zipping through southeastern Michigan
skies, a Monrop area bog came up with what he said was a pictmre of one.
[From the New York Times, Mar. 22, 1966]
FORTY IN MICHIGAN SAT A MYSTERIOTS CRAFT HOVEREn IN SWAMP
ANN ArBoR, MICH., March 21.--At least 40 persons. including 19 policemen,
said today that they saw a strange flying nbieet guarded br four sister ships
land in a swamp near here Sunday night.
Descriptions of the unidentifier flying objects tallied closely.
Robert Hunawill, said he and other residents of the area saw similar craft before
dawn last Monday and Wednesday.
In Washington.
the Air Force said it knew nothing of the reports. The Air
Force's Miehigan headquarters in Battle Creek mould not comment.
Twe persons who slogged through the 300-acre swamp today and looked for
traces of the craft found nothing but marsh grass, quicksand. and muck.

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 1102, "chars": 7021, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
wait ensest to the object. Franh
Mannor. 17 tears old. and bis son. Ronald. 10. said it did not appear to tonch the
ground but sat on a lose of fug.
David, State police commissioner, man is also bead of civil de-
fense for Michigan, opened an inrestigation.
"I use to dismount these reports ton, but now I'm unt so sure." he said.
Ur. Mannor and his son said ther had run to within 500 yards of the object.
Mr. Mamor said the craft was shaped like a football and was about the length
via car with a grarish rellow bue and a pitted surface like coral rock.
"It bad a blue light on one end and a white light on the other."
"Thes were pulating and each of them looked like ther had a little haln
aramd it." be said.
Other witnesses sam onlt the lights, but their descriptions, including those of
Stanley M Fadden. Washtenaw Counts sheriff': depots.
Darid Fitzpatrick watched the object fr over their car about the same time the
Hanno reported it had taken off.
Olficer Hunawill said four other unidentified fring objects had horered in a
quarter eirdle over the objert in the swamp.
6051
that of i football. This was roughlt the same description given be a man and
his son who reporter that ther saw an erris object land in a swamp Sundat
night to miles northenst of bere near Ann Arbor.
The Air Force anounced it was bringing in Dr. H. den Hanek, chairman ot
Dearborn Obserratort at Northwestern T'nirersity, Eranston, Ill, and vienitir
the Air Enree's Projert Blue Book program to track down
reports of unidentified firing objects.
headquarters at Selfridge Air
Mich. near the southern Michigan sertion where the objects
been reunrted sereral times latel!.
'It was defnitels some kind of rebirle." Mr. Van Horn said. "Through the
glasses [hinorulars] it was either round or long."
outlived be lightning is it seeped
near the dormitors before retreating into the swamp, Miss Koln said.
there for + hours hefore vanishing.
(From the Washington Post, Mar. 23. 1966]
FIRST TED'S DE SEASON ARE SIGHTED
Spring's first fring saucers bare sprouted right alongside the forsythia.
Noures of people in Michizan have reported strange
mookend, and a former fighler pilot sars he saw sereral orer his Bethesda home
The dir Forre, which has inrestigated more than 10.000 such reports since
1047. sent Worthrodern Tniversitt» Dr.
Ernek. its top
arriser on anidentitied fring objects (T'FO's).
The latest was Mondar night at Hillsdale College, where a countr civil defense
director, a former aporter and assistant dean, and ST rneds sar ther watched
i flowing objeet zipping arond campus for + hours.
This report coincided with one near Ann Arbor. where about 50 persons—
including 12 policemen-said they
Nandar night while four sister ships hotered orerhead.
In Bethesa, retired
Fore Col. Howard T. Wright of 5119 dewport
dronus, said he and fire other persons cam sereral objects outside his home and
ther were "definitels not in me imagination, nor were thet satellites or airplanes.
[From the New Jork Times, Mar. 23. 1966]
EmNTY-sEVEN MICHAE COEDS AND OFFICIAL NIGHT MISTERIOTS OBJECT
HILDALe, MICH. March 22 (UPI)-A civil defense director. an assistant
dean and s7 cords reported a glowing object Ar past a college dormitors and
hover in a swamp for bows.
Their description of the objert seen here last night tallied closel with that
of one seen he more than 50 persons, including 12 policemen, near dum Arbor.
Mich. the previous night.
Fore dispatched its top scientific adriser on unidentified flying
hegin an inrestigation.
The witnesses said ther watched from the second floor of a Hillsdale College
dormitoes as the object wobbled, wavered. glowed. and once flew
dormitors mindow before sopping suddenlt.
HIs. Kelly Hearn. for 7 rears a newspaper reporter before becoming assistaut
dean of momen, assistant professor of English and housemother of the dormi-
tors. bad the reds take notes as ther watched the object for t hours.
They and William Fan Horn, #1. Hillainle Countr civil defense director, said
the object dimmed its lights wheu polio cars approached, brightened again when
thes went awar, and dodged an airport heacon light.
21. of lem Castle. Pa..
and arnthia Poffenberger.
Mateland were the first do see the obicet. Ther described its shape as roughlo
[From the Washington Post. Mar. 29. 1966]
TRUTH ABOCT FLYING OBJECTS HIDDEN BE AIR FORCE, FAITHFUL NAX
Howard Simons, Washington los Naft Writer,
Firm helierers that midentitied fring objects are for real and from a tar-off
super-cirilization met the press resterdar amid a torrent of reports about new
objerts being sighted everrwhere in the Tuited States.
The belierers repeatedlt charged the Air Forre with deliberately hiding the
truth. which if it were known
"would bring forth one of the greatest stories «f
"fully hacked" Representative Gerald
of Michigan, who wanted congressional intestigation of unidentitied nbjets
which have latelt plagued his home State.
But most of all, ihe belierers mant lo lie beliered and lorod.
"We want the Air Force merely to end its spirees on wichtings and stop rili-
ruling competent witnesses," said retired Marine Core Mai. Donald E. Kerhoe, a
T'FO sentie until his conversion.
is director of the National Investigations Committer on Aprial
Phenomena, an organization whose major aimsare lorralmale all TEN wightings;
get the dir Force to own up to the tenthand to expose T'FO charlatans who keep
seeing "little green men."
Kerhoe and his colleagues, induring vientists, engineers, military personnel,
and pilots, scorn the thought of "little green men.'
Had a visitor from afar ever set foot on the earth? the serious students
suggesting so, said connnittee
former Newsman Donald Berliner.
It happened in April 1oit near Socorro.
N. Mex.. where police nfficers xam
two small suited accupants get out of a T'FO.
"Thes were small and suited," noted a reporter.
ther were not green?
"We hate no reason to beliere ther were sreen," writt quipped Berliner.
The committee's case for beliering that TE's are for real das put do the press
It amouled to an argument that thousands of cappelent persons-
ineluding radar controllers, qualified pilots, and missile trackers-chad sighted
objerts: roughle 100.000 persons in all.
steadfastir maintained there is no pridence ant fring objert bas come from
somewhere else in the universe.
Kethne's riew, shared ber the connuittee's board of governors, is malically dif-
The wmmittee concludes, Kerhop said pesterday, What "these things are
real and must be extraterrestrial because thes are so superior to ampthing ne
Arrordine to Kerboe. TFOs hare been oserving the earth for 200 rears.
gave to reasons, essentially, for was no contact has been made with shoever
it is that pilots the T'FUs.
Oue reason is that the Air Force bas orders to scare the T'FO samas.
A sarond reason is that until bumans demon rated the atomic loh and spare
flight the CFO perple regarded carth is too primitire a sies to bother with
other than for surveillance purposes.

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 1242, "chars": 7900, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6052
[From the Portland (Maine) Erening Espress, Jan. 17, 1966]
THOSE "PLING SAUCERS"-AIR FORCE EXPLALVINGN ATAT OF UTO'S DEEPENS
¡Editor's unte: This is the first nt a series about UFO's (unidentified fring
rajeets be Bulkier
excentive editor of the Erening
He wrote the stories after risiting the
UFO otice of the C.N.
WASHINGTON, D.C—The Air Force handling of the unidentified fring objects
(UPO%) contines to he something of a mistert.
Lis persistent endearors to
UFO sightings as misidentitication of ordinary objects.
stars and balloons. has become so
conspicuous as to raise questionings in the
minds of a growing numher of citizens.
Some of these explanations seem to run
counter to both logir and commonsense.
Running along with these explainings-
amar isan apparent dir Force lack of enthusiasm-especially at bigh lerels-to
do a thorough job of investigating sightings.
Headquarters of the Air Force investigation and conclusions on unidentifier
fring objects-ther call the enterprise Project Blue Book-is at Wright-Patter-
son Air Force Base near Daston, Obio.
In charge of Project Blue Book is Maj.
Hector Quintanilla.
Recentlr this writer has made two more visits to Wright-Patterson to studr
the files of Projert Blup Book and to talk with Major Quintanilla. the architect
of the militars's final publie verdiets on the CFO's.
A multitude of TRO sightings in the last dozen months has kept the Air Force
hust trring to explain-awar and has rendered the public more conscious and
curious than ever about these strange. usuallr lighted. objects in the sky.
Air Force and the burdened Project Blue Book hare often resorted to the expe-
dient of lumping a
number of sightings together-not naming ans particular
one-aul furni-hing a generalized catchall explanation.
This is what it did resperting an extraordinart number of sightings in the
Southwest around the begioning of last August.
The very number of the UFO'S
and of the sighters of them shook some publie confidence thereabouts in both the
Air Force's knowledge of the subject and in the good faith of its explainings-
Extracts from dispatehes sent nut at that time bs the two national wire serr-
ices will refresh memories and provide a good idea of the magnitude of the UFO
On Tuesdar, August 3. the New Tork Times and other newspapers
carried an Associated Press dispatch from Oklahoma City. dated August 2.
began:
"Authorities in Texas, New Mexico, Oklaboma, and Kansas were deluged last
night and early todas (Angust 2) by reports of unidontified objects seen fring
in the sht.
"The
Sedgwick Countr sheriff's ntice at
Wichita. Kans..
said the Weather
Bureau had tracked sereral of them at altitudes of 6.000 to 9,000 feet.
"The Oklahoma Highwar Patrol said that Tinker Air Force Base here (Okla-
homa City) had tracked four of the unidentified fring nbjects nu its radar sereen
at one time, estimating their altitude at about 22,000 feet.
refused to confirm or dens the reports of radar observations.
…A Tinker spokesnan
"Reporls poured in" from 21 cities and trans,
continued the Associated Press
dispatch.
The 21 are named: T are listed in Texas, 3 in New Mesico, 5 in Okla-
home, and & in Kansas.
The Enited Press International, in a dispateh in the evening of August 2 named
right Ntates.
"Reports of sightings bE ere poured in from Kansas, Texas, Okla-
homa, New Mexico, Colorado,
South
Dakota. Nebraska, and Wroming.
Okla-
homans probablt saw the most.
In a dispateh trom Oklahoma Citr dated Angust t. the United Press Interna-
tional declared that
"thousands of persons across the Nation's midlands and
Southwest again last night reported reeing mrsterious Hashing.
winking, and
sparkling phenomena that sped and sometimes zigzagged across the skies.
"The Air Forre contends most of the sightings were probably stars or planets.
It was the fourth
consecutive night of CFO
A lot of people took
issue with the Air Force's claim that ther were stars or planets."
It can he mentioned in passing that radar does not pick up stars or planets.
In one T'nited Press International dispatel it is stated that "Oklahomans prob-
ablr silt the most" of these sightings. The Oklahoma sightings therefore provide
6053
an illuminating example of how the Air Force deals with the publie in such a
Br good fortune, one does not have to relt mainlt on newspaper reports,
Air Force statements.
The Department of Publir
Safets of the State of Oklahoma has sent to the office of Congressman John Jar-
man, Democrat, of the Oklahoma City congressimal district. and to the National
Investigations Committee on derial Phenomena (NICAP) in Washington a sun-
mary of the teletype reports sent into the Oklahoma Highwar Patrol Communi-
cations Network
July 31-dugust 5. from the rarious highway patrol
headquarters orer the State.
This valuable document, which was not obserred in the files of Project Blne
Book, will be utilized in one or more following articles dealing with the curions
behavior of the Air Force touching the C'FO's and the public.
¡From the Portland (Maine) Evening Espress. Jan. 18, 1966]
THOSE FLYING
SAUCERS-HIGAWAY PATROL REPORT FIRES CONTROVERST OVER
(FO's
(Editor's note: This is the second of a series about TFO's unidentitied firing
objects) be Bulkler S. Griffin, executire editor of the Erening Express Washing-
ton Bureau.
He wrote the stories after visiting te UFO office of the C.S. Air
(By Bulkiey Griffin)
WasHINgtoN, D.C.—Research into the matter of the unidentified fving ob-
jeets (UFO's). the T.S. Air Force, and the publie, receives substantial help from
a report furnished by the Oklahoma Department of Publie Satets.
marizes the messages dealing with CFO sightings that passed orer the Okla-
homa Highwar Patrol network in the period Juls 31-August 5.
A surver of this information rereals the large mumher of sightings and the
much larger uumber of witnesses of those sightings, and lists some radar sight-
It compares with a generalized attention to those sight-
ings ht the dir Force and Projeet Blue Book, the latter the name for the dir
At 3:30 p.m. August 2. Projert Blue Book issued a statement asvuming to ex-
plain the avalanche of T'FO sightings that had hit the Southirest-
had hit Oklahoma the heariest-starting Jult 31.
Therefnre, this article will seek to hit the high points of the sightings reported
Highwar Patrol network beginning with Juls 31, up to the
issuance of the Project Blue Book explanation.
The first report on the teletrpe came Che earl morning of July 31.
police officer. Louis Sikes,
reported a TFO.
The radar at Tinker
Air Fore Base located the object.
A little later, continued the highwar patrol
"Casmell Air Force Base (Fort Worth.
seme location and came ep with the same tis as Taker.
Tex.) aimed their radar at the
Both Tinker and
Caswell followed the object, which once disappeared and then reappeared. for
Later that das an Associated Press dispateh trom Oklahoma Citr
stated flatis that Tinker and C'aswell both had the TRO on radar.
The next niglit saw the CFO reports crowding the highway patrol teletrpe.
Some quotations of messages mill be giren.
At 9:19 p.m. the highwas patrol tower sent out this message: "Since 8 p.n.
the tower has received in the neighborhood of 27 to 30 visual sightings, mang hy
police oficers and highwas patrol tronpers nf various unidentified fring objects
from the Purcell area north through the Morman area to Chandler and back
through Meeker and Shawnee.
Shawnee oficers and their captain have tour of the objects in sight
at this time, also another has cropped up from the vuth of Teeumseh and is
apparentiy going to fr directly over Shawnee.
vart from one to four of the objects at various times starting
in a reddish color and varring to a white and blue luster.
diamond-trpe formation.
l'ushing has reported four of the objects.
Highwas Patrol Units 30 and 40 hare also made visual sightings.

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 1279, "chars": 7834, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
come from (three) indiriduals."
Names of two civilians are giren; third was a
polire officer front Tulsa. not named.
"Tinker Air Foree Base has had from one to four of them on radar at a time.
and they adrist ler are fring vers high, at approximatelt 22,001 feet. which
seems to coincide with the risual sightiugs, all
of which are Tery high flying
Other reports came in the night of August 1. The sheriff's office at Chandler
reported two TFO's.
Two individuals-names giren-spotted a TFO between
"Tinker APB looking at it—or attenpting to do so at
this time with radar-Wichita Falls. Ter.. also notified to look."
was seen near Forgan, and sighter's name and address giren.
"Although there were numerous other reports from other sources wlich did
not rearh the patrol. those nbore mere all of the reporte wheh mored on the high-
it is stated in the summary from the depart-
ment of pallie safrtt. On August 2, the telettpe carried its first UFO report
of that dat at 2 p.mn. regarding a sighting at 12:50 p.m. near Cushing.
reports tollowed throngh the afternnon aud night.
All this from just oue State's highwar patrol teletype.
At 3:30 pm. on August 2. Maj. Hector Quintanilla, in charge of Projert Blue
Bonk, issuer the following statement:
"Initial studs of the reports thus far received br the Air Force indicates that
the observations were astronomical in nature.
The objects most likelt observed
were the planet Jupiter and the stars Rigal, Capella, Betelgeux. or Al-debaran,
which are clearls visible in the eastern skr.
'The time of reported sightings, the
azimuth and elevation of the
reporter sightings supports this conclusion.
ou dugust 1 and 2 the temperature distribntion and varying mind
Great Plains, from northern Teras to Wroming
were farorable for the
phenomenon. known as scintillation.
were the aquarid meteor showers which recur
The meteors approach from the soutbeast and streak swiftly across
"kr trailing sparks.
There has been no confirmation that any of the sight-
ings reported were trarked on radar.
This offrial statement presents tiro characteristics trpical nf Air Force treat-
First, au specifie sighting is meutioned, aud just about
every eniceivable reason for seeking to explain awar the multitude of sightings
over eight States is included.
Serond, no radar sighting is admitted.
This is despite the highway patrol's
report of Tinker and Carswell Air Force Bases haring a fix on a July 31 object.
and Tinker baring a fit on up to four objects the night of August 1-2; and de-
spite national wire services reports of these radar sightings and of a Wichita
weather station radar sighting of sereral TFO's.
Radar does nnt pick
homa Filghwar Patrol indicated on one necasion the
night of Angust 1-
UFO's are real and unknown.
But that dumnst 2 statement from Project Blue Book was immediately attacked
front a different angle he Dirertor Robert Risser of the Oklahoma Scienre and
Art Foundation Planetarium in Oklahoma City.
" That (Projpet Blue Book statement) is as far fron the truth as fou can
get." Risser vair.
'Somebods has made a mistake.
ine the opposite side of the earth from Oklahoma City at this time of rear.?"
Major Quintanilla, recentls asked ahout the comment
of Directer Risser.
pointed out the UFO reports were coming in from sereral States, and said his
August 2 announcement referred to Wroming where the stars in question were
He added the statement applied to Oklahoma between 1'and t in the
{From the Portland (Maine) Evening Espress, dan. 19. 19661
THOSE "FLYING SAUCERS"-NEW HAMPSHIRE SIGHTING ONE OF MOST FRIGHTENING
« Editor's Vote: This is the third of a series about T'FO's (unidentified fring
objects) bE Bulkler S. Griffn. executive editor of the Evening Express, Washing-
WASHINGTON, D.C-dua of the more impressive sightings of an unidentified
firing now (tE0y gurred wear Exter V.H. last Septeinber.
it was an extended closeup observation of a lighted object that was noiseless and
close to the ground.
Sereral persons apparentl, nbserred it, three of them, in-
eluding two policemen, at one time.
The emclision of Project Blue Book-the name of the Air Forre T'FO probe
that announces the fual verdiets on sightings-
that the Ver Hampshire watchers
nt a piece with many other dir Force attempted
explainings amar.
The New Hampshire sighting is of signiticance on another ground. It inrolres
the reported effert of a LEN in disturbing and exciting animals.
The sequence of events near Exeter began at 1 o'clock in the morning of last
Septemher 3 when Exeter Police Officer Eugene P. Bertrand. ..r..
30. cruising in
his police car, came upon an auto drawn up be the side of the road and in it an
hosterical woman, who according to the officer's report to the investigative officer
from Pease Air Force Base,
*stated she was too meet to
stated a light had been following ber and had stopped over her cor."
stared with her about 15 minutes, sought to reusure her. saw nothing.
departed for the police station.
There he found Vorman J. Muscarello, 18, of Exeter oho had ome to the sta-
tion to tell of his experience while a few miles out of Exeter.
flashing red lights had appeared moving just ahore the
It had wored rather sowl, toward him.
He had jumped into the
Then the thing had disappeared.
Officer Bertraud look Musrarello with him in his patrol car and ther returned
to the field where Muscarello bad had his alarming experience.
out of the car and walked into the
point Officer Bertrand's
report to an examining officer at Pease AFB can be
"When we had gone ahout 50 feet a group of fire bright red lights came from
behind a group of tires near us.
Ther were extremelt bright and flashed one
"At one time thes came so close I fell to the ground and started to dran mr
The lights were so bright I was unable to make vut aur form.
no sand or vibration but the farm animals were upset in the
area and making a lot of moise.
When the lights darted coming near us again
Mnscarello and I ran for the car.
"I radioed Patrolman David Hunt who arrived in a few minutes.
observer the lights which mere still over the field at an estimated altitude of 100
disappeared in the distance at the
were alwars in line al about 60 angle.
When the object mored the lower lights
were alwars forward of the others.
In this rase the Air Force, which generalls appears to hang back from mach
investigating of T'FO reports, did do some inrestigating.
'Ite lease AEB officer, who beaded this local military probe and who. bo the
war. was a command pilot, made this finding:
"At this time hare been unable to arrive at a probable cause of this sighting.
The three observers seem to be stable, reliable persons, especially the tore patrol-
I viewed the area of the sighting and found nothing in the area that could
be the probable cause.
Pease AFB had five Bett aireraft fring in the iren during
this period but do mot beliere ther had any connertion with this sighting."
Homerer, Projert Blue Book lists low-fring airplanes as probabir responsible
for this Exeter sighting.
Mai. Hertor Quintanilla, in charge of Blue Book states
that the Stb Air Force SAC (Strategic Air Command) crow at
mas conducting a low-lerel operation, called Big Blast,
He said he believes the Exeter "people were looking at low-lerel
The effect of a UFO on animals had been reported in a New Tork State care
Niagara Falls Air Force Rase, commenting on the righting nf a low-down UFO
near Cherry Creek, N.I., on Angust 19. said:
"Preliminart analysis rereals
object not explainable in conventional terna
Object cansed reduction in farm cows' milk from 2l6 cans to 1 eun.
This sighting, br the war, is one of the
very few that Project Blue Book has marked "Tuidentified."
Exeter UFO produced a fairls familiar charge: namelr that
Fowler, of Wenham, Maw Wad of a local area VICAP

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 1294, "chars": 8012, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6056
group, who went to the scene to investigate for NICAP. The latter
National Inrestigations Committee on
Aerial Phenomena, the unotficial but re-
sponsible Washington organization.
The Fowler charges are in the files of Blue
Fowler talked with witnesses and others and said he was told that Pease
had asked the police and a local newspaper correspondent not
The request was put to the police on thé ground
people would be alarmed if told the facts, it is stated.
informed of this charge. said that "I would not allow ans
suppression of news"
However. it is an impression in Washington that officers
a good deal higher than Major Quintanilla would not exert themselres to pretent
news suppression of UFO sightings.
The Haterhill (Mass.) Gazette wrote an editorial on this UFO in the neigh-
borhood, in which it said: "So maur hare reported seeing it (the Exeter UFO)
and their descriptions jibe so closels that. unless
in one large boas, their stories must be giren credence."
6057
But Tinker AFB itself must have received dozens of calls during the bearr
sighting period of July 31
through August 5.
This muel is indicated br
sentence selt out over the highway patrol network the night of Angust 2.
security oficer at Tinker Field reports he has been swamped with calls the past
hour from people reporting UFO's."
This report refers to just 1 hour of the
several-day sigliting period.
Chances are, it is said. that the Air Force handling of the TFO problem may
be allowed to drag along br an apathetic public.
Yet one mar speculate nu
irhat an honest and energetic investigation might do.
For one thing, it monki
investigate
some of the sightings reported by the Oklahoma highwar patrol.
For instance. take this report that moved with many others, over the teletrpe
August t.
"Twenty-five people at a church in Cushing. Okla.,
all matehed
several UFO's.
Sometimes ther would stay stationary, then wonld more at a
high
rate of speed.
Were moring south for i while,
then stopped and stood
still for some time, then were joined by two and moved to the west at higi
speeds,
then turned and traveled east for a while, then stopped completely and
stood still, then went east and suddenly disappeared from sight.
The first ones
were orange lights,
the ones that joined them
had red and green
lights like
airplanes.
PD (police department)
Cushing
also observed
the
same
things.
Or the "approximately 30 calls" to the Shawnee Police Department reporting
4 or 5 lighted objects trareling northmest which "make no conrentional noise
such as an aircraft does but rather make a bumming noise,
Or what did the
five citizens of Norman. Okla.. see looking at a white globe 30-10 feet in diameter
through a
"tripod-mounted 160 power telescope."
The
Force-for reasons it doesn't an-
nounce-is not really trring to discover what the CFO's are.
Or. if the Air
Force alread knows, it is painstakingls keeping its information from the public.
Chief blame for this lack of action must rest on the Governuent.
But another culprit, the scientifie connunitr, must bear blame according to
an August article by Robert C. Cowen, natural science editor of the Christian
Science Monitor.
He wrote in part:
"The main reason there has been no scientifie studs of the (UPO) puzzle is
social pressure within the scientific communits.
It has not been due to lack
of opportunity to gather data.
"Many scientists
feel the whole subject is knokt! Ther dismiss
ridicule.
It can be personally
embarrassing. eren detrimental to a scientist's
career, to try to take the saucer problem seriousir.
It is time to investigate;
scientific knowledge of some sort resides in the
UFO phenomenon, said the writer.
[From the Portland (Maine) Evening Express, Jan. 20, 1966]
THOSE FLINO SACRAS IT FONTESTES DE BOOD DE SORTINOS IN
(Editor's unte: This is the fourth of a series about UFO's (unidentified flying
objects) by Bulkler S. Griffin, executive editor of the Evening Express,
Wash-
ington bureau.)
WAsHINGTON, D.C.—A gond 2 weeks after the flood of unidentified flying object
sightings last August orer Oklaboma and other Southwestern States,
Tinker Air Force
Base, Oklahoma City, produced its formal survey and judg-
ment.
sent this
veteral-page explanation
of siglitings in its wide area
Project Blue Book, the Air Force office in charge of the UFO investigations and
conclusions.
This report is a goul example of Air Force anti-CFO propaganda.
Except
for mention of one specific sighting-which was decreed to be a weather baloon—
the report is generalized. pulling mut all the stops on the possibilities of citizens
making mistakes and ineluding a statement from the official of a planetarium in
Oklahoma Citr whose test mas that "the average person is meducated as to what
the sky normallr looks like."
Iuterviens with militars experts are given which mention unusually bright
stars at this time of rear. a haze that reflects things from the ground. the fre-
quener of weather balloons and so on.
An impressive but
superficial case is made for weather balloons as
fooling
people into thinking ther are seeing a UFO.
The number released daily in the
Oklahoma area is considerable.
But the fact is that the citizens thereabouts have lired with these balloons dav
after dar and rear after rear and be now must he fairly well acquainted with
what ther look like and how ther art.
with stars, which at the moment mar he
supplanting balloons as the favorite
explanation put forth br Project Blue Book.
The Tinker AFB report did unt need to aroid mention of particular sightings.
The Oklahoma Highwar Patrol telettue reported a number of sightings mell forth
inrestigation and these teletpe T'FO reports were relayed to all major nems-
papers, wire series and TV and radio stations across the State of Oklahoma:
also to the weather wire teletrpe srstem.
Ther were available to sincere dir
The failure Io intervien witnesses could he termed negative Air Forre prop-
aganda.
The bighwas patrol messages named close to a dozen civilian wit-
nesspy usually with addresses, and the number of highwar patrol officers that had
sigbtings must have totaled two dozen and more.
Tet the formal August 20 ra
port from Tinker show's interviews with hut to civilians and to police officers.
Mai.
Hector Quintanilla, in command of Project Blue
Bonk.
says
the Air
Fire seeks interriers with persons who call up and whose names ther learn.
"Te are not interested in persons who go to the newapapers or to radio and TV
stations," he said.
The misdom of this exclusion is of course mide open to ques-
tinn--assuming that the Air Force is seeking information.
[From the Portland (Maine) Evening Express, Jan. 21. 1966]
"FLYING SAUCERS" —WHAT SHERIFES SAT WASN'T
STAR,
UPO PROBER
ADMITS
(Editor's note: Ihis is the fifth of a series ahout T'FO's (unidentified fring
objects) by Bulkler S. Grifin, executire editor of the Erening Express,
Warh-
WASHINgTON. D.C.-The case of the two Texas dentr sheritts whose patrol
car was allegedly followed by an unidentified fring object (TFOY
hit 110 miles an hour in rushing awar, is mortl mentioning for its own sake in
any study of the Air Force-TFO confrontation.
The case also illustrates the possihilits of a more realistie trend in Project Blue
Book-which is the name of the Air Fores inrestigation of UFO's.
first listed the Teras sighting us.
Antares distorted due to inversion."
This rerdict was a highls improbable one
fron the start. as mill be seen from the testimony of the two deputy sherifts.
Hector Quintanilla. in command of Project Blue Book, state he
has withdrawn this conclusion after talking orer the phone with Denuts Sheriff
The star verdict didn't seen to fit.
So Blue Book now records the sight-
ing as one of the rert few unexplained ones on its rolls.
Another recent case of reronsideration of a verdict occurred in the instance of
the four lighted objects seen together by mans observers the night of August 1-2
according to the teletspe reports of the Oklahona Highwar Patrol.

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 1354, "chars": 8286, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOGOGSOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
said Tinker AFB had picked them up.
But Blue Book had this sighting listed
as "Astry (Antares).'
Rerentl!.
however,
Radar does not pick upstars, as previously noted.
is this writer
was disensving this sighting at the hear-
quartersof Projeet Blue Book and pointed out that a Tinker AFB radar squadron
sergeant bad referred to twostationars objects and two moring in the formation.
Project Blue Book proposed that the two stationart objects were stars the
brightest of them urari-and the two alleged to be moring could be airplanes.
The two rass one in Oklahoma and one in
Texas, suggest tu some obserters
that Projer! Blue Book.
wilile
rigorouse tring to explain awar has of late
weensionall, sought to throw a little more cirdibilits into its inrestigations and
But to get to the two Teras deputy sheriffs, run. is it came about, were fol-
lored by a CEO the same night-
-September 3—on which at least one person in the
Exeter, V.H., ease reported being follored.
McCor and Deputy Sheriff Robert T. Goode
vert on routine patrol near Damon,
Tex.—which is around 40 miles
east of Honston-when thes sam a bright purple light, which soon produced a
smaller blue light, on the horizon about 5 miles amar.
the lights through binocular,
Thet had slowed down off the edge of the high-
war when the lights started rapidls toward them.
The testimour of Chief Deputt Sheriff McCor. as given to an inrestigating
officer from Ellington AFB, Ter., continues:
"The nijert cume up to the pasture nest the highwar about 150 feet off the
highway and about 100 feet high.
bulk of the object
nud appeared to be triangular shaped with a bright purple light on the lett and
the smaller, less bricht, blue light on the right end.
The bulk of the object ap
peared to be dark grat in color mith no other distinguishing features.
peared to be ammut 200 feet wide and 10-50 feet think in the middle tápering of
toward both ends. There was no noise or any trail.
illuminated the ground directly underneath it and
the area in front of it, including the highwar aud the interior of our patrol car.
The tall grass under the object did not appear to be disturbed.
"There was a bright moon out and it rast a shadow of the objeet on the ground
immediately below it in the grass,
Deputt Sheriff Goode was in the driver's
seat with his left arm lying in the open window.
Although he was wearing a
long-sleered shirt and a nat, he later said that be felt the beat apparentl
The nficers rushed awar toward Damnu
"at speeds up to 110 miles an hour." said NICor.
Arrived in Damon, ther dis-
"We were both scared but still wanted to find out what it
So ther returned to the wene and saw the TWO on the horizon acting
exactly as it had before.
"We derided to leare the aren because me figured that
the ohjert moull start coming toward us again." stated YI«Cor.
The report to Blup Book of the inrestigating oficer from Ellington dir Force
Base belieres the two devuts sheriffs detinitelt sam "some unsnal object."
report reads in part:
"Atter talking with hotl oficers involved in the sighting there is no doubt in
my mind that ther definitelr saw come asual objert or phenomenon.
my inrestigation failed to uncorer any farts that permitted me, with ms meager
knowledge of such things, to arrive at ans explanation for the unusual sighting
"Both officers appeared to he intelligent. mature, lerelbeaded persons capable
of sound judgment and reasoning.
Chiet Deputt Sheriff MCCor bold a responsible
position in the department requiring the superrision over 42 personnel.
offcers have been subjerted to considerable friendlr ridienle from their con-
temporaries and the local townpeople: but have contimed to profess the facts
of their sighting *
[From the Portland (Maine) Erening Express, Jan. 22, 1966]
THOSE "FLYING SATCERS"-EVIDENCE INDICATES AIR FORCE MISLEADING PUBLIC
oN CFO's
(Br Bulkler Griffn (last of sis articles))
WASHINGTON, D.C.- This is the final one of half a dozen articles on the uni-
dentified fring objects (UFO's), the U.S. Air Force. which has the official job
6059
of investigating the sightings, and the public.
The ennelurious reached bave
been assisted be two more examinations of the tiles of Project
Air Force name for itsstuds and its verdiets on CFO reporis.
& main conclusion can be briefly stater.
It is that. the Air Forre is misleading
the public be it continuing campaign to produce and maintain belief that all sight-
ings can be explained awar as nsidentifications of familiar objects.
The Ingical assumption, backed hr much circumstantial eridence, is that the
Air Force is deliberatel, misleading the public.
In this rampaign the Air Force, backed be normal publie respect for the miliarr
for authoritative statements, and also assisted bor the natural human dis"
inclination to think uncommoul, or to be laughed at, has been largel, successful.
Howerer, the dir Force success in having the publie beliere what it wants it
to beliere respecting UFO's is steadily and conspicuonslt lessening.
more skepticism is being voiced in newspapers and by citizens.
Another chief conclusion is this: no energetie and thorough effort to investi-
gate the nuidentified fring object phenomenon is bemp made Do the dir Forgo or
ever has been made by it.
And this charge holds true respect ant
other Gor-
ernment agency and respecting what has been termed the Nation's srientifie
Reasons for the persevering Air Force performance are unknon to the public.
following three reasons is commonly adranced: the
Air Force fears national panie if the trutl abont the CFO's mere told: the Air
Force feels it is stuck with its stort; or the dir Force is silenced be the Central
Intelligence Agenes.
The first alleged
renson, howerer uncomplimentary to the intelligence of nur
citizens, is one that bas been heard at the Capitol off and on for approaching 20
Some speculate it mar be the reason the Air Force has given to the chair-
men of the two congressional space committees in its understond endeavor to hold
off a congressional intestigation of the UFO subject.
What is the truth about the CFON:
It is quite possible that no one on this
i veteran New England congressional leader, who was in a position to know.
told this writer that the Air Force didn't know what ther are.
Ofirials of the
Central intelligence Agener ought to knom if anrone does, reta former head of
the CIA, Adm.
R.
H. Hillenkootter, affirmed half a dozen rears ago that he did
not believe in the Air Force explainings-awar: but hellid not indicate le thoutht
he thought he knows the truth of the matler.
An increasing number of good obserters hold that a sizable minoritt of the
sightings presumablt are misidentifications-
-represent sonip-
thing new and
unknown.
A large mauber of these observers.
inclure
reteran pilots, radar operators, air traffie antrollers, teachers, astronomers, ind
other experts, bold that the unnown T'FO's are extraterrestrial.
To all this Air Forre officials can and do respond that not a single tangible
bit of eridence of any such TE has been foundl.
This is a mights strong argu-
ment. the strongest argument of the socalted explainers-awar.
all augmenting
mumher of competent obserters the eridenep
stronger that some of the TFO's are real and reallr unknown.
So vers many
impressive sightings can't be explained amar. it is said.
"From the United States, from Argentina, Truguar. Portugal, France.
aretica, aud Australia i from four continents, have come the rash of reports ot
sightings of unidenitied tring objects IT POs.
most numerous since 195T."
So summarized a U'nited Press International dis-
First and last. few presumable will challenge a condusion that the mrsters
and the problem of the unidentified flying object remain with this world.
And as for the Air Forre, with it intensive campaign to explain awar ererr
it might listen to tho rerent adrid of a veteran astronomer, Dr.
I. M. Levitt, director of the Fels Planetarium. Franklin Institute. Philadelphia.
"It muild be well if our Project Plne Book officials mere simply to indiente
that sightings in a minority of cases rannot be explained.
It would dear the air
ofil great deal of misunderstanding and mistrust of this group by the intelligent
larmen and obserters mho have seen objects in the skr.

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 1137, "chars": 7439, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE,
Hon. L MENDEL RIVERS,
Committee on Armed Services,
House of Representatires.
DEAR ME. CHAIRMAN:
you requested information in behalf of Mr.
John R. Graf about unidentified fring objects (UFO).
The dir Force dues not withhold or censor information on UFOs
sults of all dir Foree inrestigations are arailable to bona fide news representa-
Press releases are issued as warranted,
an annual report (copy attached) on the project is arailable to the public.
has never been an order issued bo the Secretary of the dir Force to suppress or
The three conclusions set forth in Mr. Gray's letter are, in fact, the conclu-
sions which were reached as a result of a panel of scientific consultants that met
at the request of the Government to
study the problem in 1953.
Air Force Scientific Adrisort
Board has been asked to
evaluate the L'FO program.
An ad hoe committee has been appointed aud mill
contene sometime in
The results will be arailable shortly after the
meeting.
As a
result of investigating over 10,000 reports since 1947, we cannot associ-
ate disruption of running engines, radios, and headlights, or malfunction of air-
craft instruments, or heat sensations with C'FO activity.
them to aireraft operations.
There are mant plausible explanations for effects
such as car radio statio when passing powerlines, overbeated car engines, drops
in power
and roltage in the electrical system, malfunction of equipment, and
imagination or panic of an observer.
Weather conditions such as temperature
inversions can cause known natural or conventional objects to appear to borer,
move around, and change colors.
Satellites and balloons make no noise while in
flight.
Balloons can also bover and suddenls accelerate depending on the mind
conditions.
The foregoing information also erplains our third conclusion.
There bas nerer
been a top-secret.
document, entitled
"Estimate of the Situation,"
which con-
cluded that CEO'sare interplanetars in nature.
As of December 31. 1905.
the Air Force has receired 10,060 reports since 1947
of which 615 are uidentifed and cannot be explained.
all reports could be explained if more detailed objective data had been avail-
able.
However, becanse of the fact that analrses of UFO sightings depend pri-
marily on the personal inpressions and interpretations of the observer rather
than on accurate scientific data or facts obtained under controlled conditions,
positire identification of all Nightings is improbable.
Information on aur UFO
report is available to private citizens upon request.
Photographs received in conjunction with CFO reports are eraluated by photo
analrsis personnel.
known natural or conrentional objects which have been misinterpreted by the
Such photographs are returned to the owner after analrsis.
Our Project Blue Book office is located at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, where
radar bave been identified as flocks of birds, weather phenomena, or reflections
from
rlassified defense information.
The joint Army-Nart-Air Force publication 146 deals with UFO's only as a
catchall class of sightings that does not fall into a rerognized category such as
The purpose of the publication
is to provide uniform instructions for the peacetime reporting of what is judged
to be
Aur person win riolates the provisions of
the publication mar be liable to prosecution thereunder.
The purpose of this
isto emphasize the necessitt for handling of such information within offcial
The article appearing in the December 24. 1950. iscue of TIG Brief, entitled
Business" has been misinterpreted.
The purpose of this article
was simply to improve the quality of reports and inrestigatire procedures,
also contained glidelines for effective reporting and the egnipment necessary
We have no knowledge of
ant researeh projects such as
those stated by Mr. Gray, nor do we have any information about the Santiago,
6061
All UFO reports which
submitted to the Air Force are regarded
reports from people who have seen an aerial object which thes could
The purpose of our program is to evaluate such reports and to
inforin the observer of the cause of his sighting.
The National Investigations Committee on
Aerial Phenomena is a private
organization which is in no way affiliated with our Government.
It is a pleasure to again be of service lo Tou.
Sincerely.
DWIGHT W. COVELL,
Colonel,
USAF,
Congressional Inquiry Dirision. Office of Legislatire Linison.
JANUARY 11. 1966.
Hon. L. MENDEL RIVERS.
House of Representatives,
Washington.
D.C.
MY DEAR SIR:
Thank you for the very prompt reply (Jan. 6.
1966) to my
letter of December
29, regarding UFO's.
lou stated that ron mas check out
my comments with the proper
Knowing in adyance essentially
you will receive from these authorities, be ther
Department of Defense, or Congressional Inquirt Division officials. I strongly
ou contact Maj
request
ron withlold arceptanee of their statements
Donald Kerloe (USNC. retired) or Mr. Richard Hall.
until
These
gentlemen,
as
rou are undoubtedly amare. are director and associate director
respectirely, of NICAP and can be reacled at NOrth T-9434.
This course of action is most desirable for the ultimate lest interest of
the American people as it permits both sides of this controversy to be im-
NICAP, in the 9 rears vince its inception, has amassed sufficient factnal in-
formation, documentation, and evidence to refute aur or all Air Force claims.
that it be given the opportunity to present this
information in open hearings in order to attain its immediate goal of getting
to the people the truth about the T'FO's, as can le ascertained and offeall
confirmed: and the best hope of achiering this end is through congressional
JOHN R. GRAY,
Huntington Beach,
Catif.
TT.S. House of Representatives,
Washington, D.C.
MY DEAR SIR: As chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, Fou mar
be the proper person in the House, to whom I should address this correspondence
pertaining to a subject, the scientific aspect of which promises far-rearhing impli-
A considerable amount of genuine scientific researel by private indi-
riduals in this field is being thwarted, in part. be a polies of an agency of the
Government through the emplorment of ridicule and the withholding of
pertinent information.
It is a field that has been the subject of suppression since
1947 and particularly since 1933 br order of the Secretart of the Air Force.
The subject, of which I write. is that of unidentified fring objects ¡UFO's)
and the Air Force censorship in the handling of legitimate sightings and reports.
The publicized conclusions, in part, of the Air Forep's Projert Blue Book are:
(1) No unidentified fying object reported, investigated, and eraluated br
the Air Force has ever given any indication of threat to our national serurity:
(2) There has been no eridence submitted to or diselosed Dr the Air Foree
that sightings categorized as unidentifed represent technological develop"
ments or principles berond the range of present dar scientific knowledge:
(3) There has been no eridence indicating that sightings categorized as
unidentified are extra terrestrial vehicles.
Other than the close encounters with UFO's reported by airline
pilots, an element of truth can be conceded in conclusion (1).
radility of wumber 12) must be disputed.
Do we possess ant aircraft that can:
ground vehicles disrupt le running engines.
headlights, and radios of those vehicles?

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 1276, "chars": 8191, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOSOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
2. On close proximitt to conventional
aircrafts canse their grro com-
passes and direction finders do momentarily malfunction?
:. du rese proximitr to conventional aircrafts or ground rehicles canse
intous heat sensation experienced be their occupants?
t. Herer at nur ou point at ams given time and suddenls acrolerate hori.
montalls or terticalls out of sight in a matter of 5 to 10 seconds?
•. Esprute an abrupt 90° or 180° change of dirertion while in Higlit?
6. Make modiscernible sound while in flight:
i. CHor brilliantlr and change colors?
Such behavior and chararteristies have been witnessed be reliable persons
and documented cunmerable times and are vert familiar to lhe dir Force: in
addition to beige definitely borond the see ot mur present tectmologs.
rison ray bad included the word "proot instead of "eridenes" the probahilitt
of truth rond as he couraled her
Ar it stands, Me datement is likemise
false Iur the sinne reasons as the arguments listed against ponclusion (20.
''pretat stated tendmolest does but pernit satisfactor, esplanations to seen
belatinto ethose oners, what other assumption en a sientifie mind make
than that their origin is eate terrestrial?
It mat be recalled that the dir Terh-
nil Intelligeuro Center VATIC, at Wright-Patterson AFR.
19ts comelade in their top arrot document estimate
simation that TEd: mere
interpianetart.
While top Air Force oticials mill
rehemestle dent that such a document erer aristed. proof that it dues exist and
iN accessible for examination be interested Members of Congreshut not from
While the dir Fore does not publicis admit to the existence of the mealth of
dormnenter evidence that has been acenmulate since before the appearaure of
the tirst airplane, it does admit to possessing at least 663
"unknowns"
on the
books.
Sichtings classiled as "unknowns" are those fell decumented br official
all
"unesplainable."
Private
ritizens inquiring into the nature of these unknowns will be told that such is
classified information AER 200-2 paragraphs d and 19).
It should be noted.
in this resperd. that Tie Persident Humphrer and senator Birch Bash were
misinformed be the dir Force thronch the Concressional Inquirt Dirigion to
the elect that all of the dos "unknon" cases mere solved.
The letter to Sena-
for Barh was siened by dol. Frederick H. Fahringer.
Druling- with
the dir Forep copeerning information of CFO's have proren
to be it one-sat propsion--all in and none out.
Is it little wonder that onl
about 10 percent of choritizens dare risk dispurngement for suhmitting reports
that ure
trade unsplainahle"
"lenfling"
ne photographir eridence of a
righting "r a
wittere
Io the dir Forre in
tantamount to forfeiture.
Infre-
quentr a dir Fore "sip-m" wears in bis farer.
The dir Fore maintains that there is no censorship of TEO's Antone tol-
karing this subier kunde differentlr.
Strong ferling here aspraid bor three
bime degraintanes all departed in rocut tears from sorrie in that brauch.
in verifting that pepsorship dens indeed erist.
Two were radar technicians.
one of alon brassationut at White Sands in IOD thile the other fax assigner
to the 7TGCh Radar Saadron at Point Arena, Colif. in 1001-12.
The third was
a member of Protest Blue Book in Alaska during 1001-02
The Joint Chide of Stat regulation JANAP It, section IT. title 1S. Cuited
states Code 703. threatens imposition of
Such barsh punishment would replainly be indicative of the serimsness
with which the dir Foreoregards the CFOs: andal the while the publicizer line
is "ther don't esist."
The ofiral position mas substmentle tertaled nhen on
December 27. 1059, an dir Fore Insperor Goneral brief was issned slating that
and instracting all insestigating offers to Da
aguipped with geiger comters,
arlen one considers the lonelhs to shichisis agenries ne the Federal Govermurnt
are estonding themsoles in arsearch tonnenter the suspected secret of these ob
jerse bal of gratity control, or antigratior pasrer.
Fortres such projects of
research of varsing degrers are currentls being cubsidized inchaling 33 under Air
Forre superrision
While it is understandable that intormation pertains to these peogects does
bet perestrily fall indo the sphere of the public's "richt do ton:
there is no
apparent conson or institcation for the continuation of this
"Darkant"
pulics
regarding C'FO's.
It matiers not whether this puller was instigated be the Air
Force or its superior, but it dues matter when individual research in this tield is
6063
stified: and it matters when the American people are denier the right to know
what kind of hers iher mag be up against.
Persistenre in this dogmati atti-
tude will out tewd to deteriorate public morale if not the publie trust in the dir
Force when irrefutable proot of the existence of these objerts manifests itself.
Those hehind this official "blackout"
should be displaring real responsibilits
to all of us be desisting from the practices of ridiculing sincer witnesses aud
belittling sightings that deft explanations and at least extend publie acknowl-
ergement of some credenee to the eridenre thar abounds.
dealing honestlt, for a change, with the prople would prepare the was to a mini-
mum of posible panie cassuming this to be the basic reason for the censorships
upon arrival of that
"moment of provsf."
the contrast of the disrespect slown Americans do Me rounderation extended de
citizens of Argentina and Chile.
For example, on August 8. 1967, the radio and
TV stations of Santiago, Chile, alerted the populous to rio the three linous
discus hovering over the cits for some 27 minues before moving
With the hope that me mag ret receive such courtest instead of treatment as
children, I respertfully urge that ron consider the undertaking of a hearing into
T'ntil this condition is brought out into the open. ch
of the nens media will continne to refrain from giving the T'FOsserioustonsider-
ation thet so insult deserre.
I statements made in this letter can be substantiated hr the National Investi-
gations Committer on derial Phenomena (NICAP, located at 1536 Connecticut
Arenue NIT..
Washington,
Documented tridenre
and anthentication le
quired to support the assertion that a censorship does in fart exist will be put at
the disposal of rour comittee hE VICAP npon request.
Respectfulls Tours.
JOHN R. Guir. Huntington Beach, rulif.
[From Life magazine, Apr. 1. 1966]
A WILL WITNESSED "INTASION" —BT SOMETHING
FROM AUSTRALIA TO MICHIGAN, A FLURRT OF EERIE TEO SIGHTINGS
Call them what ron will: firing sancers, nidentified fring nieds TFO's).
optical illasions.
Ther are bark
again-and seen he more people than orer before.
descent, like the masters thing that snooped down over Perth. Australia, several
wenko arn. diners are toothall shaped and aglow with pulsating lights.
week the manifertations spomed almost do bare reached aho proportions of an
Near Ann Arbor,
72 mitnesses, including a dozen poliermen.
saur å strange objerts borering orer a swamp.
The next dar a glowing thing
finater orer a small college in Hillsdale.
Nich. and was sighted br
in assistant den and the local riril defensp direstor.
of the peculiar phenomena-seen and described similarly be so many-something
surels was in the air.
"IT WASN'T NO HELLABLESION" SAID THE FARMER. AND 52 AGREED
DExTER TowNeRIP, NICH-Frank Manor hav nerer beliered in fring saurers.
Hash't any need of them.
Wishes hell never seen one.
Frank should hare been
bond in the dar of Dand Boone.
Since he wasn't. hes on the unemplorment.
Still, he's a happr man.
He is a husks, crizzled tells of ti who has 10 children, a well of water with
an outside pump,a solidle build prigg, a ITset and a battered refrigerator mith
the oil on top.
Four disembodied automobiles rest beside his while, tunible.
down, tastort farmhouse in the open country 12 miles northwest of Ann
Ther provide part for his carl car.
He has an ancient schoolbus for
began "barkin' and bellerin'" at Soclek that Sundar nicht. Frank ran outside
pren though he was wearing his snit panti--aud looked rard into swampland
from the rise of ground on which the bonse is built Hosaw lights and a faint
red glow "like cigarets being smoled."

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 1442, "chars": 8703, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6064
Frank called his 19-rear-old son, Ronnie.
Suit pants or not. ther started down
toward whatever it
"I thought a meteor had hit.
that marbe we could
pick up pieres of it." Frank said.
It never for a minute occurred to him that the United States hadn't had a
good, mrsterious fring saucer manifestation for a coon's age, that it mas proba-
hiy time for a new visitation from the mysterinus little men from outer space
and that they had derided to use southern Michigan in general and his swamp
in particular for the dangdest displas
of flashing lights and whizzing half-seen
objects since Frank Perkins fired a
22 rifle at a New York crow--and hit a
fireworks fartort-
-back in 1951.
Frank Mannor soon realized that he and his son were stalking some kind of
thing.
The ground between his house and the swamp is hummockt. rolling, but
the night was clear and moonlit and the glow ahead was plain.
were hunting deer," Frank said to Ronnie,
Ther jumped a rreek, climbed a rise, and there it was, a few hundred Jards
ahead in the marsh.
green light on one end and a white light on the other.
and looked gravish- or bluish-brown and was
It seemed to be sitting perhaps 8 feet off the ground in a patch of mist.
•Like a man in a boat on a mistt lake in the morning—vou can see the man
but can't quite make out the boat.'
Suddents it turned blood red.
Ronnie-and the lights instantls went out.
"I was a-puffin'.
" said Maumor.
"But when we got there it was gone.
I hunted
for t hours but there was no sign or smell of it.
I'm glad I didn't have a gun.
I'd a shot it aud I misht have harmen someone.
Bark at the house,
meantime.
Mannor's
write Leona-a woman who wears
shapeless slacks and a flannel shirt with the tail out—decided to call the nearby
Dester village police.
"We're got an obiert out here," she said formalls: "that
looks like what ther call a fring sancer.
It's got lights on it down in the swamp."
Simeo the Manpors are on an eight-parts line Lenna toll a great mant other
"ther people, too, and the mord spread like lightning-
or the flow from a fring
d'ope and deputt sheritts arre soon tumhling out of cars and thrashing
off toward the marsh. and the road berond the house was jammed solid with
the cars of
Dexter
Polio M'hief Robert Tarlor and Patrolman Nolan Lep saw the red glow as ther
stumbled arond in the dark: so did Washtenaw Counts Deputy Sheriffs Stan-
ler McFadden and Darid Fitzpatrick.
All reported. like Manor, that the light
prentually ranished.
But unlike their host. Who said, "I nerer seen it tale off,"
the rope felt it had zipped awar orer Manor's honse making a sound like "an
ambulance."
"I seen it." said MeFadden, "but I still don't beliere it."
Dester Patrolman Robert Hunawill saw a
"stranpe.
lighted object" appear
over his patrol car as he waited in the road for those whin had set out for the
It had red and white lights "which at times bad a bluish tinge"
madle continuing sweeps over the swamp at a height of 1,000 feet and then, on
heing Joined br three other "objects.
dew awar.
Chief Tarlor's 16-rear-old son
Robert saw one lighled thing at 10:30.
It flashed red and white and hurried off
to the west.
Ann Arbor, though sharply divided between senters and belierers the nest dar.
still seemed to feel a manimous civie pride in the fact that the dir
taken enquizance of its lorid phenomenon by dispatching
Allen
Hynek, director of Northwestern Cniversity's Dearhorn Obserrators.
the tales of the elert audi, no doubt, send a message of gravitr and import to the
Pentagon.
Ther were pren more heartened to hear that Hrnek did not instantlr
annoure that Mannor and his fellow bushwhackers had simplt seen the Uni-
rersityot Michigan's dish-shaped Peneh Mountain radio telescope. which stand»
against the skr herond the aren in which ther saw the glowing thing.
hearded man
Forre in the last two decades, was sure Mannor was too accustomed to the tele-
senpe to ever mistake it for anthing else.
"I beliere the people who made these
pere," he said.
sightings are entirelt honest and sin-
"But I am not willing to guess that ther saw."
He hedged when
see bette thumber need rate oman orst elde
of rome sort.
began, but then balted and said. "o I don't think I should say antthing *
I'n sure there is some natural esplanation for all of this."
6065
Back by Frank Mannor's house the road jammed up with
expectant: one man scraped away at a riolin
for an homr in the hope of sum-
moning creatures from
i code uter space and another blinked a light in that be
-which he heliered to be
kes to interplanetary
Manmor grew more indignant or the hour.
"People are trying to make a fanatie out of me." he complained.
still tramping around here at 3 o'elock this morning and kok at them now.
Ther say.
"How much minner are tou going to make off this?'
That's crazs.
don't waut no moner.
I didn't want un publicits in the first place.
none now.
I'm just a simple fellow.
But I seen what I seen and nobodt's going
to tell me different.
That wasn't no old foxfire or Illabillusion.
objert.
Marbe it'll come back if all these people wonkd stay away and we could
get a picture and have verication of it.
Angbody wants to give me a lie-detertor
test I'll take it."
Leona, his wife, was more succinet: "Me ain't Martians-ther art like
not human or something because rou seen it.
I'm about to get a fun and shont
some of these smart alecks it ther don't star to hell awar.
10,147 FLYING SAUCER SIGHTINGS
(Ever since the Old Testament prophet Ezekiel recorded an encounter with a
fiery flying wheel, people have been seeing sancerlike things in the sky.
following report Life Correspondeut Bill Wise tells of the Air Forre's etforts to
make sense of all.)
DAYTON, OHIo.—There have been 10,1ł7 reported UFO sightings vince a pri-
vate pilot nained Kenneth
Arnold claimed be
of rapidly moving
"things" in the air near Mount Rainier, Wasl., on June 24, 1947.
publicized report set off the first of the modern epidemies of saucer sighting, and
the Air Force has been in the sancer business erer since.
Its "Projed Bluebonk"
occupies a single room on the second floor of a windowless red concrete building
here at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.
It's functions: (1) to iry to find an
explanation for all reported sightings of unidentified fring objects, 12) to dis-
cover whetber the UFO's pose any security threat, and (3) to determine if T'FO's
exhibit aur adranced technologs which the United States conld pat to use.
To assist Project Bluebook, there is an UFO officer stationed at every Air Force
base in the country: the officer at the base nearest a reported sighting is respon-
sible for initiating the investigation.
Arcording to Mai. Hector Quintanella, Jr.,
a physicist who heads Project Bluehook, most CEO sightings have a rational and
usually very simple explanation.
The most common reports stem from bright
stars, planets and meteorites, particulariy when viewed through broken dlouds or
haze.
Others turn out to be satellites
-few people realize that there are
now more
than 30 of these in orbit that are visible to the naked ere.
Thonsinds of hal-
loons
some as large as 300 feet in diameter, some carrving running lights cre
released dails at airports.
weather stations and research renters, and these lead
to a
great many
Conventional aireraft are another
major
source-
-reflecting sun by day or providing the glow of running lights or jet
afterburners or the flash of photo recou strobe lights at night.
All satellites and most weather ballons and aircraft
are being carefully
tracked and logged br militars or civilian agencies.
and Project
Bluebook ron-
tinely checks sightings against these records.
Unreported local flights be private
aircraft pose the most frequent problem in this detectire work.
Strange blips on radar screens have necasionalls unsettled personnel at track-
"objects" that appeared on the scopes at Paturent Naval
Air Station (Nd.) last December seemingly approaching the base at an estimated
1,800 miles an hour before making a tight turn and disappearing.
generally be traced to pulsating
"bugs" within a receiring set or to interference
from other neighboring electrouic
Wright-Patterson experts have
able to account for every errant radar bip reported to date.
There is no question that our Air Force and those of other countries emplor
assorted airborne hardware as tactical and training derires.
of course, seen as firing saucers and it is ohrious that for securits rensons the
Air Forep is relnetant to talk about them.
"I have looked at the records of nearlt erert T'FO case back to 1947 save
"and my feeling is that the rast majority have involved
simple misinterpretation of vatural phenomena."

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 1050, "chars": 6104, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6066
Of the sightings so far clerked out, lois than 2 percent of the intal are listed
on Projet Bur Book's file as unidentitirl.
The dir Forep officiall!
concludes
that none of three das given any indication of posing a threat to national satets.
or oferine nor bernological data. or of originating from some extraterrestial
Howerer sunrof thes files lemain ofcialit open and too intestigations
on them continue.
Dr. J.
Allen Hrnek, diredor of Dearborn Overrators at Worthwestern C'ni-
versits. Who is beading upto don Arbor inrestigation for the dir Force, is an
old hand at cherking on fring saucers for Blue
Book.
Dr. Hrek notes that
sighting reports nonalls do not originate with persons who beliere in onterspare
visitations.
"Belierers" don't new richrings to courinee them, and are irritated
let the embarrassment and septicis with which most TFO spotters, like Frank
Manner, report what they beliere ther have seen.
"Il is rist to dismiss teresot birds, Malloons, aud the like," sars Dr. Hruek.
"but when good solid citizens report something puzzling. T holiere we have in
obligation to do de de a job as o can.
I regard onr Cuidentifieds as a sort
Somehow we scientists sould he ahle to come op
with insters for these thines"
Major Quintanella, althouch certain that po eridence turned up to date bas
"ten hinted at sparerraft of unearthis oricin, agrees
prove that Oring saucers do not exist.
In ant erent, the dir Forre is not about
to give mpehaving T'FO%
We are spending millions to depelop our on rocket boosters to get our space.
craft to the ious and berond."
suts the major, wiling.
"Imagine what a great
help it would be toged our bands on a ship from auctber planet and examine its
The C'emoray. What I want to ast ron is, why do ther always see
them in the nighttime!
Dr. Heven. There are a number of reports from the daytime al-
thoughit i true there are many more night sightings.
The 'airsex. Then there is another thing; if aurbodt wanted to
spr on dis country why sould they go to this espense, when tou can
go to ant newsstand and get all the information vou want, and if that
doesn't help rou get a roarmap. and if that doesn't help you, hire
Dr. HEver. Marbe ther don't know this.
The C'uRay. If the Martians don't know this by this time they
will never kam it.
Spring on this country is so simple. I cannot understand why the
Russians or anybody wants to put something up in the air to spy
on this country, when they have got so many arennes me don't police.
Dr. HrveR. No comment on that, Mr. Clirman.
The Carrarer. Well, vou ought to comment on it.
Dr. Chamberlain, we will hear from von.
DI. C'HABERLAN, Thank vou, Mr. Chairman. 1 really have no
questions, but I will sur the sichtings in Michigan
iren. but not within it.
Tam pleased to hear your recommendation and
to have the Secretart's statement that le
intends to implement it.
Im futher comforted to know he is giring it further thought and
he is going to. at such time as you recommendation is implemented,
we are going to have a panel that will consider these things in depth,
unt just in town for a dar, with a cursort look, and disposing of it,
because I feel we have other scientific achierements and adrances, and
that there is going to be a growing importance of surreillance of this
phenomena.
I mouldrag, furler, the people in our area are concerned about this.
There has been considerable responsible editorial comment in our
newspapers. It should not be "poo-pooed." as von sar.
6067
I am pleased to dare your statement.
dude Me C'hairman. I thank ron for having this hearing, and these
ple opts That sion on this matter.
Thank
Thant ou.
Governor Stattord. Governor Stafford, tou are from Vermont. how
close is tile to vour district!
Mr. STAFFORD. Thank row, Mr. Chairman. I was going to coni-
ment on that.
Mr. Bares has pointed out there bave been 1 f0 sightings In den
Hampshire, Vermont not to be outdone last week has had sighing.
there, also, come trithin 16 miles of my hometown.
The C'HArRIs. That is getting amfully close.
Mr. STAFFORD. Yes, sir.
Since our states of Termont and New Hampshire are known as the
twin states, Nr. Chairman, this may be simply a case of bad nariga-
tol on the part of the L FOs although come of asthink it mar be if
they are estraterrestrial ther aresimpis looking for a warmer clanate
than New Hampshire possesses.
But in and erent. in serion ness, the
people in Veront are very much concerned over the sightings that
lare orenrred in our Stale, and reputable people have seen phenom-
enon which ther cannot understand.
I would simply hope that the Secretary of the dir Force and the
doctor could aire me that if these sightings have not already been
eraluated, that in the course of inrestigation and deliberations thet
will be.
The Cedrarax. I hope it rou come in contary with any of them Jen
don't haveto rell them where South C'arolina 1».
Mr. Iébert is nest.
Mr. HÉBERT. Thank ron, Mr. C'hairman.
While these objects have not been seen in my district, 1 inst mant to
prepare myself, berause after next elertion dat I might have seen
some of them.
Doetor, hare you conferred with I. Rat Walson on this subject
matter!
DI. HINER. dO. SIl.
Mi. HÉBErT. Does thal ring a bell with you dr. Rat Walsion!
Dr. HIvER. No. sir.
Mr. Héser. It roes not ring a bell! He is the mo authorative
man in the connirt onspace. Heappears in every home everr sunday
night. he is "Mr Favorite Martian.
Dr. Hrver. Oh. [Laughter.]
MI. HÉBERT. He lasanamenna out of his head, too.
Dr. HEreK. I think I have been talking to the wrong people.
Mr. HéBeRt. He can shed a lot of light on the subjeet.
wanted to direct pour attention to that.
That isall. Mr. Chairman.
The Curves. Di. Hall, vou are nest after Mr. Price.
Mr. PRICE.
don't we hare hate a tracking ststem that now does a real competent
lob tracking every satellite in outer space co we know erers one that is
launched somewhere else, and as ther circle in outer spare we have a
record of each of these. do we not?
Dr. HYNEK. It is my understanding that we do. This is the point
I made earlier.

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 958, "chars": 5622, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
6068
Mr. PRICE. If they did travel in outer spare there would be a record
somewhere of their travels in onter space?
DI: HIveK. 1 mould certainly think so, and this, of course, is I
think oue of the most potent arguments against extraterrestial visita-
tion by intelligences, unless they were so superintelligent they knew
hom to erade completely our surveillances.
I think this would be
pretty diffienlt.
Mr. PRICE.
is they left their normal orbit they could be tracked
and followed?
Dr. HINEK. Tes, sir.
Mr. PRIcE. As ther left the orbit?
Dr. HrNeK. To the best of my understanding, they certainly could
The Cindav. Dr. Hall.
Mr. HALL.
his distinguished guests for this, and say for some time me hare even
had space conventions down in the Ozarks, in the last 13 years, and
it would seem obrious to me in view of the report today those who
take trips by the use of hulluciatory drugs are almost synonvmous
mith the mumber of space sightings me have had reported here today,
namely. in the order of 10.000..
To me it indicates a decrease in the
inores and the fiber of those who would subjeet themselves to hulluci-
natory influences in the first place.
The CHaRriN. Mr. Stratton?
Mr. STRATION.
Tou mentioned something from Life magazine, Mr.
There were imo pictures in Life magazine I think me
would like an explanation of.
One of them was a red object which
was clearly visible in the photograph.
The other were two lights,
I think, taken in Sidney Harhor,
one at one position and one at
another, and then there was the third photograph.
I monder if the
Doctor could give us what the explanation is of these?
negative, there
worth a thonsand words, bnt I think in this case it is the other way
iroml, becanse
generally it has been our experience, and I think
Major Quintanilla will bear me out, that when me do have hoaxes
they very frequently are accompanied by photographs
Mr. STRITTON.
I appreciate it is possible to doctor up negatives
Let me put it the other way around.
Have these three incidents
which are reported photographically in Life magazine been examined
vou. and, it so, what are vour findings with regard to them?
Dr. HTNER. No, sire they have not been examined by me, because
I do not have the original negatives.
die these incidents listed in the list.
that you have
"blepilel, and which the Secretary has told us 95 percent are explain-
Dr. HINER. No, sir.
These particular pictures are not in my list
since I don't know enough about them.
Mr. STRATTON. Doctor, I mould suggest since these have had very
prominent cireulation, in a magazine of some prominence in the coun-
try, that me ought to examine these particular things and retermine
6069
can people, I would assume a picture of this kind mould be disturbing
in just the same way that Life's story of what happened to some dogs
up in Baltimore has now resulted in legislation being recommended to
You have no explanation or haven't looked into the series of photo-
graphs that appear on pages 26 and 27 of Life magazine, and pages
Dr. HIner. I just learned of the Life article last week.
Mr. STRatton. Isthat correct, Doctor?
Dr. Hyner. That is correct, I have not examined the photographs
and information published by Life.
Mr. Stratton. Has anybody examined them in the Air Force?
Major QUINTaNILLa. Mr. Stratton, we have asked for the negatives
of those pictures, but the citizens will not turn the negatives over to the
You cannot force them to turn them over to the Air
Mr. STratTon. They turned them over to Life magazine, haven't
they?
Major QuInTanILLa. You wili have to ask them: 1 don't know.
Mr. STRaTToN. What has Life got?
Major QuIntanILLa. I don't know, sir.
Mr. StRatton. How can you have examined this without finding out
what Life has?
How a lot nor samined this withont finding ont
Major QINtavna. What is that, sir?
Mr. STRATToN. How can you hare examined these particular in-
stances without finding out what Life has?
Major QuInTanILa. The Air Force has not investigated these in-
stances, sir, and the photographs have not been examiner because the
legatives have never been turned over to the Air Force
Mr. STRATTON. You have not been in tonch with Life magazine to
find out what they have?
Major QuINTaNILLa. No, sir; we have not.
Mr. STRAtToN. Don't you think it might be well to undertake to
nake an effort to hud out whether Life has the negatives, for example
or whether they have been in touch with the individuals concerned?
Major QuIntanilLa. Yes, sir.
Mr. STRATToN. Well, I think, Mr. Secretary, as I just said, I am very
much impressed with the doctor's statement, and with vours, but this
kind of thing in Life magazine makes it appear that there is some-
thing there, and you say that von hare examined these things, and
there is nothing there, and I think that vou ought to have examined
this so that we can have an explanation of these particular phenomena.
The CHAIRMAN. Let me say something.
We cannot ask the Secretary to look into everv nagazine that is pub-
lished, or erery periodical that comes out of
everybody's printing
Now, it seems to me like Life magazine is not exempted or ex-
cluded, if they are as interested as they appear to be in this magazine,
that comes to my ofire free, and which Iseldom look intothat is my
responsibility, I hare other things to do it looks to me like these
people who give such great dissemination to these things would be
interested in seeing what the DOD has, without imposing on the Sec-
retary of Defense the responsibility of tracking down evervthing that
comes out of everybody's camera.
I do not know why we should im-

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 989, "chars": 5788, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOGOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
pose on the Secretary the requirement to track down Life magazine
and say give me your negatires, give me your reasons.
Is this what
you want!
I. STRATTON. Mr. Chairman, it was my understanding
asking this question because many people had been someirhat con-
cerned by these reports in recent days, ineluding the distinguished
minority lender in the House.
The CHARMas. Tes.
Mr. STRATTON. And it does seem to me when a national magazine
that has as much influence as Life has, prints some photographic-
what purports to ne photographie-pieces of evidence of these objects,
we ought to if we are going to allay the concern of these people who
hare started this inrestigation by our committee in the first place, that
we ought to have an answer to it.
The CuRray. I think so, too, but I don't think me should criti-
cze the secretary for not haring done it
Vil. secretary, here is what 1 am going to request you do.
othermagazine, and report hack to this committee.
Secretars Brows. We will be glad to do so.
The Citrix. I am sure Life magazine would be eager to do this.
Mr. stratton, 1 think ron are wise in suggesting it, but what I didn't
want todo is to unwittingly criticize the Secretary for not having done
It.
Non, NEr. Secretars, will ron do it?
Secretary Brown. We mill do it, Mr. Chairman, and we will I think
continue to follon our ground rules —
The CHARMIa. You get those negatives if you can and turn them
over to the doctor, and I want a report on it.
MI. STRATTON.
Mr. Chairman, I have one more question. May I
say 1 moulant drenin of eriticizing the Secretary, he and I are good
friends and he knows I am only trving to be helpful.
The CHaRIar. Of couse, and I know he cherishes your friend-
The other item that has really led to all this concern
today are these sightings m michigan.
The Secretary has given us
a report, but i hare onlt had a enance to skim over it.
here a moment ago commented with respect to these people in Wiscon-
sin that only two or three people in the area had seen the phenomenon.
and wasn't it surprising that a lot of people who must have been
1f1 understand the newspaper accounts correctly, the thing that is
unique about the Michigan sightings is that a lot of people in the area
sawat,and the giris in the dornitort apparentin sat around for hours
matelung it. an people came and went, and all saw whatever it tras.
wonder it von cond give us m a nutshell what the explana-
Mnish gas is what I understand is the explanation.
C'oukd ron tell us, dortor, in a fem mords the gist of what you dis-
corered out there that you hare reported here?
Dr. Hrves. I will be happy to. I conducted a detailed inquiry
into the toro reported sightings at Dexter and Hillsdale, Mich.
the 50 to 60 penple who reported having seen one or the other of these
I talked with about 32 persons.
The CHAIRMaN. How many, doctor?
With about 32 people.
with some of these
briefly, but spoke with at least Is persons in considerable detail.
These two sightings, although separated by some 65 miles, mere
They were in the swamp area. No individ-
nal that I talked to. and no group of persons, could agree that ther
has seen anything either enter
or leave the
several isolated reports by people who said that res, ther saw a bright
light come, but they could not get any general support or concurrence
on this, from the others.
Witnesses did agree that they saw a glow, and
red, vellow, and green lights in the swamp area in both cases.
to myself. "What is common in swamps?"
And I resenched this ques-
tion with the aid of several professors at the Tniversity of Michigan.
They have heen very helpful to me in this, since an astronomer doesn't.
know about swamps: he usually has his eves a little higher than that.
They informed me, and I later found in sereral books, that marsh
gas, resulting from the spontaneous igniting in air of such gases as
CH, methane, HS, PH. phosphine,
and particularly important.
*gH,,an impurity in phosphine, is a common occurrence and produces
what appears to be glowing lights of cutterent colors.
Since then I
have had several letters trom people sarug
"What are they getting
all excited about in Michigan, I have seen these things since I have
been a kid on the farm." "As these gases are ignited, they can pro-
duce red, rellow, and green glows.
There is nothing masterious about
The lighting goes out here, and goes on here, thus giring the im-
pression of motion.
The light was moring smoothly, ther said, not
following the train which was bumpy, and they also rose sonie
tance and came down. Ther were reportedly observed for a period of
21½ to 3 hours.
"Light and Color in the Open Air," it is pointed out
that suboop lialis, commonly known as will otherines at night:
and so forth, can be obserred for sereral hours, sometinies all night.
And the conditions were jnst right for it in Michigan.
cases, the minds were reasonably calm.
Had there been high winds.
it is unlikely these glows mould have taken place.
Furthermore, Michigan had experienced ân usually mild winter.
They tell me there wasn't much snow.
Homerer, the swamp had
been covered by ice.
Now, in a swamp rotting vegetation produces these marsh gases.
When a that comes. it seems entirely logical to me. that these
mould bubble up. and be spontaneonalt ignited, and von wontases
To me it is a logical explanation.
release 1 couldn't prove it in a court of lar but it seems to me to be a
vers logical explanation.
The CHAIRMAN. Now, Mr. Ichord.
Then I will come over to the other side.
Mr. IcHoRD. Let me first ditterentiate. Mr. Chairman, my position
froin the chairman, and Mrs. Rivers, and also Vr. Nedzi.
I am neither a believer nor a disbeliever. In from Missouri, and
I have got to be shown.
The CHIRAN. You go right alead.

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 819, "chars": 4992, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOSOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
Mr. Inorn. I would like to ask, along the line Mr. Stratton mas
inquiring, how close masthe Life magazine article to April Fool's Day?
I C'hairman, oneof the members of the committee staft has handed
me a question that I think should be in the record.
Dortor, are you familiar with the VICAP, the National Inrestiga-
tons d'ouittee on aerial Phenomenon!
Di: Hive Twould think anrone mho has been looking into UFO%
for the past many rears as I hare couldut help be acquainted with
their work.
1r. Iruorn. What is the makeup of this committee?
Di. Hrsea. It is caller a committee, but it is a rather large gronp
of rivilians over the countrr. as I understand it, who rohunteer to
inrestigate the cases.
Mr. TenORD.
It has no official stanling, then?
Dr. HENEK. Voofficial gorermental standing: no. sir.
JI. LeorD. This committee does not alwars agree with your ex-
planation of the varions sightings!
DI. HivER. I believe that is correct.
Mr. IcHoRD. How many, Doctor of the 10.000-plus cases, have there
been photographs allegedly taken of CFO's?
DI. ITSER.
In a very few cases. This is another tling
Mr. IcuorD. C'an von gire an iden of how many?
Dr. HrEE. How' mant?
Major, would con tentie a guess?
Major Quintinue. Idon't knon.
Dr. HENER. I mould sir only about 1 percent, or less, of the cases
reported have included photogrinhs.
Then I take it rou can't tell me how many
photograph cases hare not been explained by Tou, since
tell me hour mans photographs have been taken
Di. Irver. This is right. But the point is that you cannot make
i scientifir analtsis of a photograph unles ron have the nerative.
As the major has pointed out. time and again then me request the
negatives. thet are not fortheoming.
Sometimes other groups get then.
Mr Icnow. Thank ron. Mr. Chairman.
The C'EARIAN. Now, Mr. C'lancy.
Mr. Chatre. Mr. Chairman, jnst one short question for the doctor.
Have ant of the i perrent of
the nuesplained cases been olserved
on radar serpens?
Serretart Brows. I don't know the answer to that one.
Major QINtas. No. sir.
Dr. CLiver. What percentage of the reporter incidents have been
reported on radar serpens?
Major QatAN Ahon 15 percent, sir.
Mr. CLives. That is all.
The C'ITIRIN. Vr. Schreiker, we are finishing up now.
MI SCIWELKER. Ips sir, Mr. Chairman.
First 1 would like to request the Beaver Countr photograph le
indured in the dir Forre inrestigation. the one that appeared in
Look magazine, and was rerified by the Bearer C'ounty Times.
hope that will be included.
6073
• The CHAIRMAN. We will get an Air Force report on that, too.
Mr. SCHwEIKER. Do I understand that ron said none of the mex-
plained objects have been sighted on radar!
Major QuINtANIes. No, sir: I said 15 percent.
Mr. SCHWEIKER.
of the nnexplained objerts been sighted on radar. İ thonght vou said
"No" to that just a couple of minutes ago.
Major QuINTaNne. That is correct.
W'ehare no radar rases which
are unexplained.
Mr. SCHWEIKER.
All right.
Let's go back to the story NT. Bates was talking about, Exeter, N.H..
the one Mr. Fuller has written about in several macazines.
I understand this is an unexplained sighting on vour part. is that
correct?
Major QrIvtanILL1. That is rorrect, sir.
Mr. ScHwerkEr. He specifically savo in his story-and I quote his
words now
C'onfidential comments made to me be the Coast Guardsmen and militars
the area support the larmen's testimons and confirm the reports of radar sight-
ings and scrambling Do jet fighters from Pease Air Forre Base.
Major QINTavILLa. No. sir: that is not correct. We hare no
radar information on that sighting.
No jet fighters were scrambled.
Mr. ScHwerKEr. Let me ask you this: In the Pease Air Force Base.
you had an investigation by Major Griflin, and a Lientenant Brunt, is
that correct?
Major QuINtaNIa. Sir?
In the situation at Exeter,
V.I.. did tou have a
report fled to ron folks be Maior Griftin and Dentenant Braut?
Major QuINTANa.
Mr. Schwerner, Could we have copies of their raw report!
Major QUINTANILLA.
Mr. SCHWErKER. What were their ronchisions?
Major QuraNI. Ther couldn't explain it.
Secretary BRown. Ther sent then orer to us.
Mr. ScHWEIKeR. They made no mention of planes wrambling from
Pease Air Force Base!
Major Quitaris. There were aireraft in the area on regularly
scheduled missions, but they were not scrambled for the purpose of
obserrino the revorted T'FO's.
Secretary Bromy. Tiro of my stafl hate pointed ont to me, Mll.
Schweiker, that Pease AFB has no fighters: it is a SAC bomber base,
and is not a fighter base.
The CHRarIN, Are there ant other questions. 1Ir. Schweiker!
Mr. SCHWEIKER. Tes, sir.
I would like to ask the doctor:
and a point-to-point situation and some other things.
Exeter, N.H. sighting, at least as reported—-I want to point out that
in this sighting there were several policemen, inclino the chief of
police and several news people who all reported the same phenomena.
was a point-to-point situation, in least this observer sars there were

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 785, "chars": 4474, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOGOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
radar sights.
This apparently seems to be in disagreement at the
present time.
Wouldn't that be a classification of what you said te don't have?
DI. HINEE. No, sir.
I said there were several cases where we had
a lot of mitnesses.
It loes not have to be a point-to-point situation.
When an airliner leaves New York for San Franciseo, it is seen over
Ohio, Nebraska, and so forth. These sightings
mere confined to a
relatively narin area.
I want to know what happened to these
Whr weren't ther seen over Fort Wayne, Ind.
MI. SCHWErKER.
The fact one officer reports he went to the scene
after someone else sighter it, and returned back to the same point, there
it was, according to the police officer's testimony.
Dr. HINER. Tes, sir, but it was in the same area.
We don't know
what it was.
I mould like toknow what it was.
Mr. SCHwEIKEr. One of the other witnesses in this story- and all I
hare to go on is what the reporter's writing says, they did, in fact see
it go from point to point, while they were watching it.
Dr. HITNeR. Within a relatively narron area.
But I don't recollect
whether ther saw it leave for distant pomts.
One of the things that
seens to be so orld about this particular case is that we did not fnd
horizontal trajectories over any length, as you would expect froni a
craft.
Mr. Scuwener. Is the Beaver County sighting unexplained or is
that explainable, this photograph I referred to?
Major QUINTANes. Isthis Mr. Lucei's photo?
Mr. ScHwenrEr. Tes, sir.
Major QINraNILLA. We hare asked Mr. Lucci to submit the nega-
live for photo analysıs, but he has refused to do so.
Dr. HTNER. It needs a double exposure, as me can judge from the
Major QuINtaNI. We asked the gentleman to submit the nega-
rite for analysis and he refuses to do so.
Mr. SCHWEIKEr. On what basis?
Major QuINtavIe. I don't know, sir.
We requested the negative.
Mr. ScHweIrer. He submitted it to the Beaver Times.
listed it. Maybe thee pentane a to lekee Times. They pub-
negatives without some assurance.
I think we ought to look into that a little bit, because the newspaper
clanns they saw the negatives, examined by their photographic esperts,
and they are authentic.
Major QUINtANILLA. I have a copr of our letter in my files asking
Mr. Lucci to submit the negative for analvsis, and he declined to do
so. That is all I can say.
Mr. SCHwEIKEr. Thank rou, Mr. Chairman.
The CHARMIN. Thank ion, Mr. Schweiker.
We will go to Mr. Leggett.
Mr. LEGGETT. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Wilson and I want to go on record
at this time that me do not beliere; we are intelligent people.
Mr. Bares. Which Wilson?
The CHAIRMaN. We are going to adjourn, and me are going to meet
agam at 2:30.
If there is no reason to hold Dr. Hynek and Major
Quintanilla, me will let them he excused. Some people say whenever
you all hare gone we are going to get down here in executive session
6075
and you, Dr. Brown, are going to tell us—here is what I meant to tell
-and this is far froin the truth.
I know of nothing else to ask him. I think we have explored erery-
Mr. Stratton, have you had any afterthoughts?
Mr. STRATTON. Just one question.
Was there not a sighting, back it seems to me in 19t7, when an object
was obserred on radar, either at National Airport or Bolling, both
coming in and going out! It seems to me there was also a visual
sighting that went along with that.
Do you-Major Quintanilla. I don't know how long vou have been
following this, but is this in your records al all?
Major QuINtaNIus, I am sure that if the sighting was reported to
the Air Force it is on record, but I um not aware of this partienlar
Mr. STRATToN, It seems to me both the radar and the reported risual
sighting were relatively in agreement. I just wondered if vou mere
familiar with it?
The CHAIRMAN. Thank you, Mr. Stratton.
Are there any other questions from any other member of the con-
Mr. IcHoRd. We will be back here at 2:30?
The CHaIRMAN. The committee will reconvene at 2:30 for the pur-
pose of taking up 112.
Hynek, and the rehane to note he reeme to after mi rile r
executive session.
It will have to do with t12. We will take up where we left off.
do want to meet this afternoon, and tomorrow, and mayhe tomorron
Then I think we may be able to finish with Dr. Brown before the
recess.
At 2:30, Dr. Brown.
And I want to thank you, Dr. Brown, for
producing this information.
(Whereupon, at 11:55 a.m. the committee was adjourned to recon-
rene at 2:30 p.m. of the same day.)

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 458, "chars": 3134, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFOS - An International Scientific Problem
James E. McDonald, Institute of Atmospheric Physics,
University of Arizona, Tucson, Arizona
(Presented March 12, 1968, at the Canadian Aeronautics and
Space Institute Astronautics Symposium, Montreal, Canada)
Introduction
At the outset,
let me try to summarize concisely the main points of my
position:
- being the "nonsense problem" it is so coten labelled, it a pears to be
a matter of extraordinarily great scientific interest.
2)
over twenty years of evidence (admittedly largely, though not solely,
anecdotal in nature)
suggests that machine-like objects, products of
some technology rather than atmospheric optical or electrical anona-
lies, have been repeatedly seen - often by observers of very high
credibility.
I favor an extraterrestrial hypothesis for UFOs.
A search for patterns in these observations discloses one major feature
- the seemingly global scale on which the observations are coming in.
we appear to be confronting here an international scientific
4)
5)
6)
7)
never been a scientific investigation of the UFOs that can
be termed
thorough-going.
Repeated assurances that U. S. Air Force
Project Bluebook has been doing a careful study utilizing the best
scientific talent
available to
the u. S.
Air Force are found, on care-
ful checking,
to be without basis in fact.
No other country of the
world appears to have undertaken even as much investigation as the
U. S. has done via Project Bluebook.
Thus the UFO problem has not
received anything that can be called scientifically adequate study.
I do not see convincing evidence of any U.S. cover-up conspiracy oper-
ating to conceal the true nature of the UFO problem; rather I see sub-
stantial and
dismaying
evidence pointing to failure
to do more than
investigation, employing only very limited scientific
and exhibiting (especially since 1953) strong negative bias
towards "explaining
away" the UFO problem on the part of the U. S.
Air Force.
It is my strong impression that Air Force officials
public information officers sincerely believe that the UFO problem is
a nonsense problem, one involving nothing more than misidentified
natural phenomena.
The present Condon Committee at the University of Colorado, sponsored
by the U. S. Air Force, is charged with trying to clarify the nature
of the UFOs.
I must state that I have become quite disappointed with
scientific vigor with which that group has prosecutea Its
study, and I am disturbed by the frequency with which its Director
publicly indicated that he had already taken a position (negative in
tone) long before the working staff had assembled adeguate data to
justify taking
any position.
I must also express my inability to
inderstand the Director's evident preoccupation with the cultist and
crackpot type of UFO accounts which, in my own
experience, are quite
easily filtered out and ignored. I have elaborated these criticisms
in communications to Dr. Condon quite recently.
I would urge that scientific groups in countries other than the United
States immediately undertake careful reviews of UFO reports from their
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 602, "chars": 3922, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
own areas and systematic appraisals of a spectrum of conceivable
hypotheses to account for the UFO phenomena.
It seems quite pos-
sible that a grour cutside the United States, entirely free of the
obstacles one encounters within the U.s. as a result of twenty years'
officially negative attitude towards the UFO problem, might rapidly
make very real
progress towards clarifying the scientific issues at
stake, given adequate scientific personnel and support.
The UFO
program now developing
at the University of Toronto's Institute
for Aerospace Studies, here in Canada, is a laudable step towards
solution of the uru groblen. More such grouns in other parts of the
world are needed.
Matters of Definition
It would seem logically necessary to frame, early in any discussion of
the "UFO problem" a working
definition of what shall be understood by "an
unidentified Flying Object.
The effort quicklv entangles one in semantic
difficulties of a more
or less obvious nature.
'Clearly, untrained observers
report as a UFO a wide range of things seen in the sky or moving near the
arth's surface or even resting on the surface in un-ilying manner.
Fireballs
meteors brighter than -5 magnitude by present astronomical definition)
example; many persons are quite unfamiliar with the phenomenology
of fireballs and bolides, and will turn in sincere and often rather accurate
descriptions of fireballs under the claimed heading
of UFOs.
Aircraft running
lights, aircraft landing lights, aerial reconnaissance strobe lights, re-enter-
ing satellite debris, bright planets, and
a wide miscellany of other sources
of night-luminous objects
are reported
to time as "UFOs".
The U.S.
Air Force, and various persons who scoff at the notion that there exists a
scientifically significant UFO problem,
are entirely correct in suggesting
that many UFO reports fall
into this category.
only a little experience in
FEEL " ObSErVEIS makes clear that, of ail reports that temporarily bear the
"UFO", a substantial
are, indeed, misidentified natural or
technological phenomena of such types.
There is plenty of noise mixed in with
whatever real signal may exist; that
this is so need not surprise any scien-
Noise-filtering is a standard problem in many areas of
research.
The "UFO problem" which I have come to regard as so extremely important,
centers around
that portion of all reports of initially unidentified objects
which is left as a residuum after the bulk of inadequately reported or
obviously misidentified phenomena is filtered out.
a little reflection
on the foregoing remarks reveals that it is scarcely a clear-cut definition.
Nevertheless, it may afford an initial basis to begin discussion.
A curiously similar definitional problem arises in dealing with the class
of "ball lightning" reports.
In the literature one can find reports of lumi-
nous masses,
"ball lightning", that span so broad a range of phenom-
ena that one must be quite careful that he is not subsuming many diverse phe-
nomena under that single heading. The situation with respect to "ball light-
turns out to be similar to
that for "UFOs" in the further significant
sense that the basic nature of each phenomenon is not yet clearly understood,
so that clear-cut working definitions are simply not yet possible.
situation is really not new
in science; think of the semantic ambiguity, in
earlier days of science, centering around such terms as atom, compound, force,
species, ether, disease, meteor, etc.
In point of fact, the above definitional problems cause rather less
trouble in scientific
discourse on the UFO problem than a philosopher might
predict.
So let's proceed.
Matters Of UFO History
Although I would probably be incorrect to assume that all CASI members
are thoroughly familiar with the history of the past twenty years of the UFO
problem, I do not choose to elaborate that history here in great detail. Much
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 635, "chars": 4151, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3
view of that history has been summarized in a form now available
elsewhere!
It appears to me that, following an initial flurry of official
USAF concern that American UFO observations of 1947 might be hostile aero-
nautical devices2
scientilie talentí an era of puzzled investigation (generally devoid of solid
ensued in the period 1948-52, the era of USAF Project Sign
and Project Grudge.
I have studied many of the 243 cases finally analyzed by
and reported by Project Grudge and can only say that, even in that earliest
phase of official investigation, it is startling to
see how little scientific
insight was brought to bear on reports of a frequently very intriguing nature.
In 1952, a brief year's energetic investigation (still not characterized
y strong scientific expertise, but aetınıtely characterized by vigorous
force checking and data-gathering in many striking cases) was the high-water
mark of the official American UFO studies.
The year 1952 saw about 1500
reports turned into Project Bluebook, some 300 of which were conceded to be
Unidentifieds.
When I visited Bluebook in 1966 for the first time, I was
quite astonished at the number of feet of files on 1952 cases - and much more
astonished to scan the contents of randomly
sampled file-folders within that
year's shelfful.
Case after case of, to me, entirely inexplicable cases, many
coming from within Air Force channels (pilots, controllers, ground
crewmen,
etc.) told the story of the utstanding year in American UFO history.
The wave of 1952 reports drew
strong press attention, above all
Washington,
D. C., became the site of two successive nights (July 19 and 26)
of radar-visual sightings of Unknowns.
(These were explained away in a big
on July 29
radar propagation and
optical
refraction anomalies.
(See below.)
By late 1952, intelligence organizations
became concerned
over the UFO problem,
evidently because of overloading of
reporting and
investigative channels with the large numbers of reports being
fed to the Air Force by all sources.
In January of 1953, the Robertson Panel,
assembled by the CIA, met and ruled
that there was neither evidence of hostil-
ity nor evidence of
scientific significance in all those reports (of which
that Panel reviewed, in its
tew days of activity, only about two dozen, ana
those not by any means
the most startling or significant then in USAF
files).
All of this I have discussed
in enough detail previously!
must gloss over many further points of great historical interest.
I have studied the final report of the Robertson Panel (in briefly
declassified status prior to the CIA's reclassifying it in the summer of 1966) .
From repeated
reexamination of the details of the UFO history and from personal
discussions with four of the persons present during the Robertson Panel's acti-
vities, I form the impression of a brief but futile attempt to look for some-
thing of interest,
followed by CIA's request that the Air Force adopt a policy
of "debunking
flying saucers" to "decrease public interest". After 1953, no
further vigorous Bluebook UFO investigation program ever reappeared. The
went steadily downhill, its priority status at WPAFB steadily declined,
and in 1966, when I visited Bluebook three times, its staff consisted of a
a sergeant, and a secretary, plus a lieutenant then being broken in
future investigative duty.
Ine total amount of scientlilc talent visibly
focussed on UFOs via the staff and its consulting pool appeared to me to be
grossly out of proportion to the embarrassment being created for the Air Force
by a continuing series of absurd and scientifically outrageous "explanations"
of individual UFO reports.
For further insights and facts concerning the past twenty years' history
of UFO matters see Hall3
• Stanton4
, Young5.
For information on many cases in
the Air Force files prior
to about 1953, and for what appears to me lon the
basis of many independent checks) to be generally rather reliable history of
Air Force handling of the problem prior to 1953, see Ruppelt'. For the view-
points of a UFO investigator operating through those years, but outside of
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 600, "chars": 3928, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
when the full history of
UFO problem out into the light of open scientific investigation, will, I
believe, be acknowledged as having been of great significance, despite the
slowness with which his efforts (and similar efforts of others) have borne
His role as Director of NICAP (National Investigations Committee on
Aerial Phenomena) has been seriously misunderstood by USAF personnel who,
failing to recognize the utter inadequacies of their own UFO investigations,
mistook his criticisms and his
efforts to press for Congressional investiga-
tions as ill-conceived.
I believe they were all too soundly conceived; but
they pressed against massive resistance based on what seem to be generally
honest misconceptions on
the part of misinformed officials. Or so I see it at
I elaborate these viewpoints here because I have devoted a good deal of
study in arriving
at those viewpoints and because I believe that the misinfor-
mation generated within American information
channels by the illusion that
Project Bluebook was
a scientific operation has diffused outside our national
boundaries and has misled officials, scientists, and members of the public
throughout the world.
scientific progress on the UFO problem
will not begin until that misinformation is clearly recognized.
The alternative historical interpretation which holds that there has
existed a conspiracy to conceal the truth about the UFO problem, a conspiracy
sometimes painted-in
on a canvas of international scale, does not square with
facts as I have been able to glean.
to be sure, puzzled by the
sometimes startling similarity between "explanations" for UFOs emanating from
foreign official channels (often foreign air forces) and "explanations"
type so painfully familiar in USAF
press releases following widely-publicized
UFO cases.
ascribe this similarity to factors other than a highly
effective
international conspiracy to which the USSR, the US, the UK, France
Australia, Canada, and many other countries would have to be party!
stanton4
has some pithy remarks on the conspiracy
Young', by contrast, does
American coverup at high
levels; I
would be
defend my alternative of the "grand folup" hypothesis against every instance
in defense of his "grand coverup"
hypothesis.
But I do not wish to
equated to categorical rejection
of the "grand coverup"
hypothesis.
New facts or new interpretations of the many old facts I have
pondered could still change my views on this issue.
I would reiterate a point
earlier!:
I suspect that some of those who have so long insisted the
conspiracy theory have not been in a position to recognize clearly how scien-
tifically inadequate the Bluebook work has been since 1953; they may have con-
fused incompetence with inscrutability.
Scientifically, what's sorely needed is a number of entirely fresh starts,
free from all pressures of governmental bodies that have taken an established
position.
This may be better achieved in countries other than the United
States because of twenty years of Air Force assurances that there's really
nothing to all the talk about UFOs, nothing of any scientific or technological
significance.
That view is dominant in Washington, in higher scientific
circles, and
among most of the elder statesmen of
science in the U. S. I can
speak with a good deal of authority on that point! Months of effort on my own
part to generate some new scientific UFO research on an adequate national
scale, with adequate science-agency support, seem to have generated only very
slight response.
In Washington
"everybody knows the UFOs are a lot of non-
sense"; and if they do admit to marginal doubt, they then insist on the pro-
priety of waiting for condon's report from Colorado, due at the end of 1968
if plans go forward as now set. My own doubts about the propriety of "waiting
for Colorado" have recently been expressed elsewhere®, so need not be
reiterated here.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 544, "chars": 3655, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5
Sone Illustrative UFO Reports
One of the conclusions one must draw from studying UFO reports from
parts of the world is that there is an essential similarity in the types of
unexplained phenomena reportea from all parts of the globe.
Dises and cigar-
shaped objects dominate; nighttime observations are most common; and highly
unconventional performance characteristics are described by observers in
widely varying geographical areas, and by observers of quite diverse cultural
backgrounds (primitive groups as well as more advanced groups). To bring out
certain of these points, a small number of specific cases will be briefly
summarized next.
Case 1. BOAC Stratocruiser, Seven Islands, Quebec, June 29, 1954
A famous case in UFO annals that has an appropriately international
flavor occurred near sunset on June
29, 1954, over eastern Canada, when crew
and passengers of a British Overseas Airways Corp. Stratocruiser,
outbound
Erom New York to London, observed, for a
total period of 18 minutes (about
90 miles of flight path)
one large object and five or six smaller objects
somewhat north of Seven Islands.
The UFOs were sighted just aft of the port
wing, at a very roughly estimated distance of 5-6 miles, maneuvering in uncon-
ventional manner. Capt. James Howard, the pilot, stated, after landing in
London°, "
...they were obviously not
aircraft as
All appeared
black and I will swear
they were solid...There was a big central object that
appeared to keep changing shape...The six smaller objects dodged about either
in front or behind."
when interviewed by USAF intelligence personnel at
Goose Bay, Labrador, it was established that all of the crew had participated
in the sighting, as did a number of
passengers, a
total of over 20 witnesses.
A fighter plane
scrambled from Goose Bay at Howard's request.
reached their area, the UFOs rapidly moved out of sight towards the northwest.
The group of UFOs maintained relatively constant position,
the airliner, until their departure,
and lay approximately five degrees to
left of the just-setting sun.
No meteorological-optical phenomenon (assuredly
not a sundog) could reasonably account for the reported phenomena.
cruiser was cruising at about 240 knots at 19,000 ft on the southwest edge of
a high-pressure center over Labrador,
scarcely meteorological conditions
favorable to ball lightning or any other
electrical disturbances; and visi-
bility was described by Capt. Howard
as "perfect."
To suggest that a natural
plasmoid of any sort could keep pace with
an aircraft at 240 kts for 18 minutes
and 90 miles seems entirely unreasonable on a number of grounds. The speed and
motions categorically rule out meteors.
The peculiar maneuvering of the
smaller objects and the curious shape-changes of the larger object suggest no
conventional explanation.
It was First Officer Lee Boyd's impression that the
smaller ones merged into
the larger prior to departure, again defying obvious
explanation.
At that time,
Howard had 7500 flying hours; he is still flying with BOAC.
In a recent interview,
he corroborated details of the 1954 press accounts and
even added interesting
additional points.
The distance of the objects pre-
cluded seeing any
structural details, if any had been present; it is the per-
formance characteristics and the pronounced shape-changes that mark tnis well-
authenticated sighting as a puzzling UFO case for which no adequate explanation
has ever been proposed, to my knowledge.
Case 2. Cressy, Tasmania, October 4, 1960
A half-dozen years after Case 1, and halfway around the globe from Quebec,
certain resemblance to it la number of
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 602, "chars": 3804, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6
small objects around
a larger one), was made by two reliable witnesses.
Rev. Lionel B. Browning, an Anglican clergyman, was admiring a rainbow
he and his wife looked out a window of the Cressy, Tasmania, rectory.
was 6:10 p.m., the sun was just setting in the west.
A curtain of rain con-
cealed Ber Lomond ridge
off to their east and extended through the southeast
and to their south.
Mrs. Browning suddenly called Rev. Browning's attention
to what they both first interpreted as a large aircraft emerging from a rain-
curtain nearly due east.
Although the Brownings never felt entirely sure of
the range of this object, they estimated it at perhaps
3 miles, since the
object seemed to be over an estate known to be at that distance.
guess that it was an aircraft was next modified to an aircraft stalling, since
the speed of the object, crudely scaled from the subjective size-and-distance
estimates, seemed to be
not much over 50-60 mph.
I had an opportunity to interview Rev. Browning last summer and verified
contemporary press accounts 10
• He and Mrs. Browning quickly noted that the
cigar-shaped object seemed to lack wings, had several vertical bands or
ridges on its gray-colored surface, and some odd protuberance on its "forward"
They watched it glide northward for about a minute before it suddenly
stopped in mid-air and hovered over the ground at an altitude they very roughly
guessed at 400-500 feet.
Then, from out of the rainclouds farther east, there
came about a half-dozen much smaller objects, of perceptibly discoid form, the
Brownings stated.
smaller discs moved much faster than the larger cigar-
shaped object, at speeds that Rev. Browning stated to me might have approached
jet-aircraft
stressed that these smaller objects
"skipped
stones on water", a phraseology that I learned from associates of Rev. Browning
did not originate from any previous study of UFO reports, since, prior to that
October, 1960
sighting, Rev. Browning not only ignored UFO reports but took a
very negative view of the authenticity of most such reports.
The Brownings next
saw the discs seem to take up a "formation" around
cigar-shaped object, which had been hovering motionless during
and formation of the smaller objects (whose diameter the Brownings guessed
perhaps some tens of feet,
in contrast to the perhaps tenfold larger length
of the cigar-shaped object) .
Then, the entire assemblage started moving
towards the south, back into the rainshower out of which the large object had
first been
seen emerging, whence the
the observation after a
total elapsed time estimated by the witnesses as about
two minutes, perhaps as long as three minutes.
These objects were illuminated by the setting sun, and Rev. Browning
emphasized to me that there was a distinct difference in tone between the dull
gray of the larger object and the shiny, metallic luster of the smaller disc-
like objects.
The Brownings, after a brief discussion of this event (which by then they
construed as
"some Russian devices"), called the nearby airdrome to report it,
which ultimately brought it to the attention of the RAAF.
I have recently had
the RAAF officer who did the interrogation of the Brownings.
Wg. Cndr. G. L. Waller states in his communication that the Brownings "im-
pressed me as being mature, stable, and mentally alert individuals who had no
cause or desire to see objects in the sky other than objects of definite form
and substance."
That impression is attested to by many others who know the
Brownings personally, as I established by direct queries in Hobart and
Nelbourne last year.
My questions as to the ultimate public explanation which the RAAF put on
the sighting elicited somewhat bitter comment from Rev. Browning, comment that
I later found elaborated in press clippings made available to me

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 613, "chars": 4038, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7
officers of a very creditable private UFO group in Melbourne (Victorian
Flying Saucer Research Society).
The Directorate of Air Force Intelligence,
RAAF, made official explanation
early in 1961:
"The phenomena was the result
of the moonrise associated
meteorological
conditions at the time of the
sighting.
On 4th October, 1960, moonrise
(full quarter) at Cressy would have
been visible shortly after 1800
hours and
in
an ESE direction.
The objects
apparently seen were near the sky-line in an easterly direction.
The presence
of "scud"
type clouds, moving in varying directions due to turbulence in and
near which the objects were
sighted, and the position
of the moon or its reflections, produced the impression of flying objects."
Such an "explanation" has
a curiously faniliar ring to anyone who has
studied large numbers Of USAF "explanations" of UFO sightings.
quickly establish that the moon was full on the date of the Cressy sighting
and that it would have risen not in the ESE but a few degrees north of east.
And, still worse for the official explanation, there was not only a dense
rain storm obscuring all the eastern sky
as seen from the Cressy rectory,
but the highest mountain range of Tasmania lay behind those dense clouds to
further obscure the just-rising full moon.
(Ben Lomond, summit 6160 It,
to ENE of Cressy, and the riages extend off to south
summit point.) From my own viewpoint, as one interested in atmospheric
optics and in unusual refractive and reflective anomalies,
the official
gestion that "scud" subject to turbulent motions could had the moon not been
wholly obscured by rain and mountain) be optically distorted into anything
remotely resembling the phenomena reported by the Brownings seems entirely
out of question.
USAF explanations have
has also Dr. D. H. Menzel in his writings on UFOslany times asserted, as
• that the sun and
be "reflected" off sides or tops of clouds, it may be well to state that
nothing in decades of meteorological optical observations supports such a
save for the phenomenon of the
"undersun", which involves specular
reflection off tabular ice crystals falling
completely non-turbulent air,
and visible only from an aircraft or elevated vantage point.
do not yield anything like distinct images by reflection off the walls of
clouds; all UFO explanations invoking such optical absurdities are unreason-
It might be added
that Menzel has repeatedly erred in referring to
sundogs, i.e., parhelia,
as resulting from
"reflection"
• since that familiar
optical effect is caused by ice-crystal refraction.)
meteorological explanation as was issued by the RAAF intelligence office,
little evidence of scientific knowledge was exhibited, unless that office
felt that the essential features of the Brownings' account had to be simply
disregarded as unreliable.
Yet the interrogating RAAF officer, Wg. Car.
evidently had no such inclination to disregard these witnesses'
description of their observations, nor do I.
Case 3. Fukuoka, Japan, October 15, 1948
From Air Force Project Bluebook files comes the material summarized here
for this officially UNIDENTIFIED case involving
airborne-radar and air-visual
observation of an unconventional
"bullet-shaped" object.
At 11:05 p.m. LST,
a USAF F-61 Black Widow fighter, with crew of pilot
and radar observer, fly-
ing near Fukuoka, obtained
a radar pickup on an unknown target at an altitude
of around 6000 ft, and an initial range of about 10 miles.
The total encounter,
occupying a period of about ten minutes, is too complex to describe in full
detail here.
The Bluebook file on it, about a quarter-inch thick, contains
number of different intelligence reports that are not mutually compatible on
certain quantitative details (Closure distances, etc.).
a total of
radar passes were made, and each time the F-61 closed to about 4000 yaras,
whereupon the unknown accelerated suddenly from about 200 mph to an estimated
1200 mph. The original report from Far East Air Forces intelligence sources
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 591, "chars": 3776, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8
states that the unknown "hud a high rate of acceleration and could go almost
straight up or down out of radar elevation limits.. There was sufficient moon-
observed Permit a silhouette to be discerned although no details wero
The F-61 crew thought it possible that the six passes might have
been made on two separate unknowns, but this was inferential.
Another portion of the official file includes a FEAF followup report,
describing some other
target executed
a 180 Points:
"When the F-61 approached within 12,000 £t
and dived under the F-61.
The F-61 attempted to
dive with the target but was unable to keep pace...It is believed that the
object was not lost from the scope due to
skip null-zones common to
all radar equipment.
The pilot and observer feel that it was the high rate
of speed of the object which enabled it to disappear so rapidly."
And still
another document in the Bluebook file on this UNIDENTIFIED describes the
visual sighting made at one juncture:
"At time of only visual sighting tar-
get was on a level with observing aircratt.
Under night visibility all that
was visible was a silhouette.
Type of tail stabilizers is
unknown. General
classification - very short body giving a stubby appearance.
Canopy, if
present, was formed
into aircraft body to give the object cleancut lines and
was not discernible."
The estimated size was 20-30 feet, and an
accompanying
sketch shows it as having a sharply cut-off tail ("bullet-shaped"). No
exhaust was seen.
The moon was nearly full on that night, and the
airmen saw
the outline against a moonlit cloud, they stated in
their report.
USAF ground-
radar stations at Shigamo-Shima and Fukae-Shima had the F-61 on their scopes
intermittently
it moved in and out of ground clutter, but at no times
obtained a radar-return from the unknown.
Ruppelt states that the Fukuoka sighting was one of the first UFO cases
where an UNIDENTIFIED was seen on a radarscope; but many have since attained
that distinction.
Indeed, when one reads the full text of the 1953 Robertson
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
Panel, one of the arresting points is the evident concern with the large
number of "radar fast-tracks" already on record by that date.
Despite the
existence in USAF records of a number of UNIDENTIFIEDS seen on radar loften
with both airborne and ground radar and sometimes also with ground- and air-
visual sightings in accord), members of a Congressional Armed Services Com-
mittee investigation, inquiring into the UFO problem after the 1966 Michigan
gas" episode, were told on April 5, 1966, by the USAF Bluebook officer,
"we have no radar cases which are unexplained", when Congressman Schweiker
raised that pertinent question.
Dr. J. A. Hynek, Air Force scientific con-
18 years, present in the hearing-room, did not correct this
misinformation given to concerned Congressional inquirers.
Case 4. Gulf of Mexico, December 6, 1952
Just to cite briefly another example of a radar-visual sighting in the
official UNIDENTIFIED category, one might mention the December 6, 1952 air-
borne sighting by the crew of an Air Force B-29 flying over the Gulf of
(See 7 for further details.) A
total of over a half-dozen separate unknowns, seen on the B-29 radarscopes
and by crewmen watching out side-blisters, passed at high speed (some speeds
roughly estimated
at 5000 mph from blip displacements).
Some of them were
seen below the flight altitude, and others maneuvered in most unconventional
patterns (sudden course-reversals). No meteor explanation would fit the
visual sightings, and ground-return effects are essentially out of the ques-
tion by virtue of the high altitude and by the features of
the atmospheric
lapse rate at the time and area of the unusual sighting. It remains an
UNIDENTIFIED in USAF files.

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 643, "chars": 4053, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9
Case 5. Washington National Airport, July 19 and 26, 1952
more Bluebook file reports that are in the "explained" category
also involve radar-tracking of intriguing nature, but have been tagged with
a variety of other identifications.
One of the msot famous is the 1952 epi-
sode near Washington National Airport (July 19 and 26, 1952). I shall not
an account of it here (see for example Hall or Ruppelt or Ref. 1), but
only remark that my
own analysis of the radiosonde data for those two nights
leads me to diametrically opposite conclusions from those that have remained
the official views for fifteen vears.
There were only very weak inversions
and moisture gradients present on those nights,
incapable of causing the
striking radar and visual effects reliably reported.
I have recently inter-
viewed five of the CAA controllers and four pilots involved in that sighting
and can only say that it is a case of extremely great interest - fully deserv-
ing the national-headline treatment it got in 1952.
Further measure of the limited knowledge of the actual history of UFO
investigations held by the USAF personnel charged with UFO responsibilities
can be found in the same April 5, 1966 testimony previously cited.
H.D. 55, Hearing by Committee on Armed Services, HR, 89th Congress, 2d
session, 4/5/66, p. 6075).
Congressman Stratton asked Bluebook Officer
Quintanilla:
not a sighting, back it seems to me in 1947, when
an object was observed on radar, either at National Airport or Bolling, both
coming in and going out?
It seems to me there was also a visual sighting
that went along with that...Is
this in your
records at all?"
Now, almost
anyone who had attempted a serious study of UFO history would immediately
recognize that Mr. Stratton, albeit confused about his recollected details,
was asking of the famous Washington National sightings of July, 1952.
the incumbent Bluebook officer replied, "I am sure that if the sighting was
Air Force it is on record, but I
am not aware of this
cular one, sir."
Dr. Hynek did not offer correction, if he was aware that
correction was needed.
Some months later, after I had been at Project Bluebook, studied their
on this important case, recomputed the refractive-index
gradients to
assess the Air Force claims
that anomalous propagation effects caused the
radar returns (numerous objects moving with
variable speeds, high
ations) and weighed official claims that optical refraction anomalies caused
the visual reports (mainly from pilots flying well above the weak ground-
inversion and sighting some of the objects maneuvering even above their
flight altitudes), I asked Air Force consultant Hynek how he could have per-
mitted those incorrect radar "explanations"
to be passed on to press, public,
and Congress for all these years.
His reply was in the form of a question:
"How could I set myself up
against all those radar experts from Washington?"
This led me to comment that it should have taken him only about one or
weeks of study of standard radar-propagation references to become fully con-
versant with all relevant radar details,
and that homework ought to have been
done by him twenty years ago, in view
of his UFO consulting obligations. It
is, I fear, such casual failure to really close with the puzzling nature of
the UFO problem that has left it in limbo for twenty years.
And all of that
time, Pentagon press statements gave repeated assurances
that real expertise
was at work proving the correctness of the Air Force position as to misiden-
natural phenomena.
It is a very distressing and a very unbelievable
story, which is only faintly hinted by the brief remarks that can be made
But from the point of view of deserved international scientific atten-
tion to the UFO problem, candid criticisms of the USAF handling of this
problem seems necessary
to make clear that there has never been any in-depth
UFO study within the U.S. Hence, I now wish to put myself on record once
again as characterizing most of the past 15 years of Bluebook work as
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 76 =====
{"alpha_words": 566, "chars": 3647, "method": "ocr", "page": 76, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
scientifically
incompetent and superficial.
Yet it has done the trick: it
has kept all of
us unconcerned about the UFO problem.
Conspiracy? No, not as I see it. Foulup.
Case 6. Near_Barcelona, Spain, September 10, 1967
over the past twenty years, airline pilots and flight crews have been
a continuing source of scientifically puzzling UFO reports.
One of the
earliest, still carried by Bluebook as one of its UNIDENTIFIEDS, is a
1947 UAL sighting near Boise?. When some months ago I interviewed
Capt. E. J. Smith, pilot of the DC-3
from which the sighting was made at
shortly after takeoff, his opinion that the two formations of disc-
like objects that he, his co-pilot, and
a stewardess had
earlier were no conventional aircraft seemed as strong as it had been when
he was interviewed by reporters in 1947.
From Capt. Smith's sighting down
to the present,
the class of airline-pilot reports has remained a most impor-
tant class because of obvious observer-credibility factors. Let me recapitu-
late a much more recent one.
Just before sunset on September 10, 1967, four crew members of an Air
Ferry Ltd. DC-6, bound for England from Majorca, sighted an unconventional
airborne object about 60 miles Nw of Barcelona, at 16,000 ft.
A brief report
appeared in the Sept. Il edition of the London Daily Express, independent
British investigators
assembled further infornation,
and one of the crew,
F/L Brian Dunlop, submitted a summary account to VFON headquarters (Volunteer
Flight Officers Network, a clearing-house in Denver for meteor, vehicle-
reentry, and other aerial-sighting reports).
When first sighted, according to Dunlop, the unknown was about 30° to
left of their northbound flight path, heading towards the west at an
altitude slightly above theirs.
Its initial estimated distance was put at
a number of tens of miles as it crossed to their right, turned towards them,
and then approached after an apparent deceleration and
a descending motion.
The shape of the metallic-appearing object resembled an inverted ice cream
cone, with a rounded base and pointed top.
Dunlop stated, "There was a
definite solid object the like of which none of the four crew that saw it had
ever seen before, and we had been quick enough we could have got a good photo
Capt. F. E. C. Underhill stated in another interview that the UFO
have been under control...it definitely altered course substantially."
Ihe course alteration brought It on a head-on approach, but it passed under
the DC-6's starboard wing and disappeared to their south.
The crew did not
alert any of the 96 passengers aboard
in the total viewing time of about
2-3 minutes, not wishing to alarm them. Estimated speed of the object was
600-700 knots, whereas the ambient wind at flight level was only 10 knots
from the north.
A check with Barcelona flight controllers indicated there
were no known aircraft in the area, but reports do not indicate if radar cover-
age was available.
The shape, the veering path, the passage under the aircraft's flight level
all rule out meteoric phenomena.
it was not a balloon was indicated not
only by the shape, but its reported motions do not match balloon behavior in
any obvious way.
It would seem to be one more airline-reported unidentified
flying object.
Case 7. Peruvian coast, December 30, 1966
South America has been a source of extremely large numbers of UFO reports.
I have never been in a good position to evaluate
the credibility and creden-
tials of witnesses in these reports and hence pass no present judgment on most
of them, but stress that they warrant searching study. One rather interesting
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 77 =====
{"alpha_words": 571, "chars": 3676, "method": "ocr", "page": 77, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11
that has been cross-checked sufficiently to appear well authenticated
involves observations by the 6-man
flight-crew of
Canadian-Pacific Airlines
DC-8, who sighted an unconventionally behaving airborne object over the Peru-
coast as they headed northwest at 35,000 ft altitude on the indicated
date early in the morning
(0300 LST).
A report to VFON, and other reports
the press
and elsewhere, give salient features of the event.
Capt. Robert Millbank's report stated that the unknown was first spotted
70° to the left of their flight path, at an estimated elevation angle of about
10°. Ihere was a clear sky,
with stars visible.
At first detection, the
inknown seemed to consist of a pair of lights of high luminosity, hovering for
perhaps a minute, and pulsating.
It next moved down towards the
assumed a position off their left wing, seeming to pace the DC-8 for another
minute or two.
All six crewmen took turns looking at the unknown through various windows
o be positive that window-retlection ettects were not invoived.
ınknown paced the aircraft, it appeared to be a pair of briqht lights, sepa-
rated by 3-4°, and with some
vaguely perceptible structure joining the lights,
according to some of the crew's accounts.
Others felt that no interconnecting
structure was discernible, in the estimated 1-2 minutes that the object lay
off the port wing lat a distance that could not be reliably estimated, but was
felt to be of the order of perhaps a mile). A V-shaped pair of thin light
beams emanated from the object, pointing upwards initially, but downwards
later, according to Millbank's account. All passengers were asleep, and no
photographs were made.
Millbank stated that "in 26 years of flying I have never seen anything
like this before."
Second Officer J. D. Dahl said, "
...in my opinion, the
to this sighting
is a craft with speed
controllability unknown
to us."
Other sighting details will be omitted here.
After a few minutes of
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
pacing to the DC-8's port side, the object was seen to accelerate, pull away,
and climb rapidly out over the
distance.
Pacific to the west, where it was
lost in the
Here, as in such a disturbingly large number of commercial airline UFO
reports that have been ignored or explained away during the past two decades,
one is hard put to give any conventional explanation.
Clearly, unless one
throws out most of the sighting details provided by
the six crewmen, it will
be quite unreasonable to call this unknown an aircraft, a balloon,
a meteor,
a plasmoid, an hallucination, or any of the other frequently-invoked mis-
identifieds.
8. Corning, California, July 4, 1967
At about 5:15 a.m., PDT, on the morning of July 4, 1967, at least five
witnesses (and reportedly others not yet locatable) saw an object of uncon-
ventional nature moving over Highway
› on the edge of Corning, California.
Hearing of the event trom NICAF, I began searching for the witnesses and
eventually telephone-interviewed four.
Press accounts from the Corning Daily
observer and Oakland Tribune af forded
further corroboration.
Jay Munger, operator of an all-night bowling alley, was drinking coffee
with two police
officers, James Overton of the Corning force
and Frank Rakes
of the Orland force, when Munger suddenly spotted the object out the front
windows of his bowling alley.
In a moment all three were outside observing
what they each described as a dark gray oval or disc-shaped object with a
bright light shining upwards on its
top and a dimmer light shining downward
Írom the underside.
gray or black band encircled the mid-section of
the object.
When first sighted, it lay almost due west, at a distance that

===== PAGE 78 =====
{"alpha_words": 659, "chars": 3979, "method": "ocr", "page": 78, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12
they estimated at a quarter of a mile (later substantiated by independent
witnesses viewing it at right angles to the line of sight of the trio at
the bowling alley).
It was barely moving, and seemed to be only a few
hundred feet above terrain.
The dawn light illuminated the object, but not
so brightly as to obscure the two lights on top and bottom, they stated.
Munger, thinking to get an independent observation from a different part
of Corning,
returned almost immediately to telephone his wife; but she never
saw it for reasons
of tree-obscuration.
At my request, Munger re-enacted the
telephoning process
to form a rough estimate of elapsed time. He obtained a
time of 1-1.5 minutes.
This time is of interest because, when he completed
the call and rejoined Overton and Rakes, the object had still moved only a
short distance south on Highway 5 (about a quarter of a mile perhaps), but
then quickly accelerated and passed off to the south, going out of their
sight in only about 10 seconds, far to their south.
Many skeptics reasonably enough ask why there are not many good photo-
graphs of UFOs.
is a difficult question to answer; certainly it is true
that when hoax photos or dubious photos are excluded, one seems to have left
a dismayingly small number of good UFO photos after 20 years of UFO sightings.
A factor that may often be involved is that even those witnesses who do have
loaded cameras nearby may not recover from their surprise before the object is
Officer Overton stated to me
in my telephone interview that he had
binoculars and a loaded camera in his patrol car, only a few tens of feet from
the parking-lot spot where he stood gazing at the object, yet he was so
stunned by the unprecedented nature of what he was seeing that it never occur-
red to him to run for his camera.
Munger's phoning-time check suggests that
this failure to think of his camera lasted over an interval of about
a minute
Paul Heideman, of Fremont, California, was driving south on Highway 5 at
the time of the above sighting, along with a friend, Robert King.
Heideman and obtained from him an account of his observation made from a point
on the highway north of Corning.
He saw the light from the object, and had
it in sight for an estimated three minutes, as it headed south, and then
veered east la turn not seen from the more restricted viewing point of the
bowling-alley parking lot).
Heideman said that, when first seen, it lay almost
straight down Highway 5, serving to check the estimate of the other observers
that the object lay only a few city blocks to their west.
The weather was clear, no haze, no wind, according to the witnesses.
Munger's concise comment was, "I've
never seen anything like it before."
estimated its "diameter" at
perhaps 50-100 ft, and its vertical thickness as
perhaps 15-20 ft, with some
kind of edge (band) perhaps 5-10 ft thick.
sound was ever heard. Overton stated to me that he had no idea what it was,
but that "there was no doubt it was a craft of some sort."
Here one has a daylight sighting by at least five witnesses from two
viewing points, lasting for many tens of seconds.
The object exhibits opacity
plus light-sources.
Its motion varies from near-hovering to high speed.
is seen over an azimuthal range of almost 90° by the three observers who got
the closest look, yet no
wings or empennage is
What is it?
sound at as close a range as a quarter-mile and in the quiet of the early
in a small town rules out a helicopter; lack of wings rules out
conventional aircraft.
Balloons, meteors, meteorological-optical effects, and
the rest of the constellation of
frequently-invoked explanations do not appear
to fit such a sighting.
It appears necessary to describe the object as an
unconventional machine-like dject - or reject the witness' testimony.
scientifically embarrassing point here is that many other such hard-to-explain
observations of machine-like objects are now on record - and being ignored.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD

===== PAGE 79 =====
{"alpha_words": 555, "chars": 3523, "method": "ocr", "page": 79, "variant": "plain-vision"}
13
Case 9. Kansas City, Kansas, August 12, 1961
cases lies nothing that defies explanation
"in terms of present-day science
I am obliged to say.
I am making a special study
an Air Force UNIDeNTIFfEDs, and would stress that theme is a spe largs tuody
of phenomenology in those UNIDENTIFIEDS that most certainly defies explana-
tion in terms of today's science or today's technology. Indeed, 'this is the
principal conclusion of the studies of all serious students of the UFO
problem.)
At about 9:00 p.m. on August 12, 1961, two college-age boys living in
Kansas City, Kansas, became involved
in a close-range sighting of considerable
interest12
• I have
recently interviewed both of these witnesses, I. A, Phipps
and J. B. Furkenhoff. They were driving towards Furkenhoff's home in Phipps'
open-top convertible near Old Mission High School on 50th Street.
sighted the object first and had been watching it for some time before he
called it to Phipps'
attention. It seemed to be hovering, by that time, at
perhaps 50-100 ft altitude over a point only a few city blocks away.
appeared to have lights all around its lower edge, and made no sound then or
They drove almost directly under it and looked up at its base, where it
hovered over houses whose residents were evidently unaware of the presence
the object, since no other persons were seen out of doors by the two boys.
No wings, tail or propellers were visible, and no exhaust or noise was per-
The lights around its underside were yellowish and had a neon-glow
character, according to Phipps. It was the complete lack of sound that even-
tually made them uneasy after
a total viewing-time that they estimated at
They did not get out of the convertible, from which they
a quite adequate view. Phipps could not recall whether he stopped his engine.
The size was estimated
at that of "a football field" when they were
interrogated by USAF personnel in 1961 (Bluebook file account), but when I
interviewed them in early 1968, they put it at more like 100 ft across.
was opaque, solid, and obscured the sky above, which was cloudless
according
to the Bluebook data.
The Bluebook file report indicated that its shape was
compared to that of a "sled with running boards"
, yet neither witness, when
I questioned them, had the slightest idea how such a description was filed by
the interrogating personnel.
Their recollections differed as to shape:
Phipps recalled it as disc-shaped, while Furkenhoff recalled it as a rounded
cylinder.
about 3-4 minutes of observing the silently hovering object, their
uneasiness was broken by the sudden departure of the object.
It accelerated
from a stationary position and climbed away out of sight in a time of only a
few seconds,
witness agreed.
The precise climb-out path was recalled
somewhat differently by the two witnesses.
The 1961 Air Force interview
recorded the climb-out as beginning with a directly vertical ascent followed
by an inclined departure path to the east.
They each told their parents, and Phipps'
mother asked a friend who was on
active Air Force duty, a Maj. John yancer,
to phone the Richards-Gebaur AFB
near Kansas City.
He was told that an unidentified had been seen on radar,
and so he urged
that the boys be interviewed by USAF
personnel.
Telephone
interviews were accomplished the next day, but no further USAF interrogation
in the ensuing half-dozen years was ever carried out.
This, despite the fact
that it was put in the UNIDENTIFIED category at Bluebook.
Such lack of
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 80 =====
{"alpha_words": 581, "chars": 3576, "method": "ocr", "page": 80, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14
followup of even the most intriguing UNIDENTIFIED cases is almost the rule,
not the exception; this systematic failure to pursue UFO
reports is only one
of many disturbing facets of the USAF investigations since 1953.
The August 1961 sighting is not readily explained.
suggests calling the object an unconventional machine-like object exhibiting
performance characteristics well beyond the state of the art.
also seems to defy explanation in terms of present-day science and technology,
to use the Air Force's threadbare phraseology.
Case 10. Moe, Australia, February 15, 1963
To maintain a certain international tone, in keeping with the title of my
remarks, I close with another interesting sighting made in a distant area.
Cr
With the aid of the Melbourne VESRS group, I was able to interview Australian
Farmer Charles Brew and his son Trevor last summer. They operate a small dairy Z
farm east of Melbourne, near Moe, Vic.
My interview was carried out in the
milking
shed where Brew
at about 7:00 a.m. on Feb. 15,
1963, when an unusual object swooped down nearby.
FROM
It was already light on this summer morning, although rainclouds lay over-
Trevor was working in
a part of the milking
shed where his view of the
eastern sky was obscured and he did not see the object during its short-dura-
tion passage nearby.
Charles Brew, however, was standing in an opening, with
a full view to the eastern sky when the object descended towards his shed and
cattle-pens at an angle that he put at about 45°
The object might be loosely
described as à domed disc,
estimated by Brew at 25 ft in diameter, gray in
color except for a transparent dome on top.
Around the circunference of
object he saw an array of scoop-like or bucket-like vanes or protuberances.
As the object swooped down, almost as if to land on the hillside nearby,
FORD LIBRARY
the cattle and horses reacted in violent panic which Brew described lin his
own terms)
as unprecedented. It descended to an altitude that he judged to
be 75-100 feet, as estimated by the height of a tree near its point of minimal
altitude.
Then, after seeming to hover near the tree for a few seconds,
at roughly 45°
• continuing on its westward course and passing up
into the cloud deck again.
The dome was not rotating, but the central section and bottom portion
judged.
The spinning
motion caused the protuberances (Brew thought) to generate the swishing noise,
somewhat like a turbine noise, that was clearly audible not only to Brew but
inside the shed and not far from a Diesel unit power-
The sound was even audible over the latter local
noise-sources, Trevor stated.
It took some time to recover the animals that had bolted, and those
already inside the fenced area were strongly disturbed for some time.
stated to me that it was many days before any of his cattle would walk over
the part of the hillside pasture over which the object had momentarily
hovered.
Brew himself
reported an uncommon headache persisting for a number
of hours after the incident, but whether this was fortuitous cannot be con-
Brew has been interviewed many times by Australian UFO investigators
without any reasons being
found to discount his unusual sighting.
My reaction
to Brew was similar.
It is unfortunate that the son was not in position to
confirm the sighting, but he confirms the unusual sound ("like a diggerydoo",
Brew put it).
The object is
similar in
its general features and size to
that seen by a witness I interviewed in New Zealand, Mrs. Eileen Moreland.
Her July 13, 1959 observation, like Brew's, and like that of many other UFO

===== PAGE 81 =====
{"alpha_words": 549, "chars": 3560, "method": "ocr", "page": 81, "variant": "plain-vision"}
15
witnesses, is extremely difficult to explain in present-day scientific
or technological terms.
* * *
The foregoing constitute ten UFO cases from fairly widely ranging geo-
graphical
areas, and spanning almost two decades of time.
They are intended
to be illustrative but not "representative", since one of the baffling
features of UFO reports (easil! scoffed out of court by the skeptic) is the
remarkable variety of shapes,
sizes, and maneuvers reported.
of ten cases can give any feeling for that puzzling range of UFO phenomenology.
Nor can a mere ten cases out of the thousands that now are on record in offi-
unofficial files convince a properly skeptical scientist that we are
dealing here with extraterrestrial surveillance (the hypothesis that my
studies suggest as most likely).
One must carefully examine not tens but
hundreds of
such reports before the weight of evidence is seen in some per-
spective.
The difficulty has been that very few scientists have carried out
such examination to date, and hence the low a priori probability of extra-
terrestrial surveillance
leads most scientists to discount such a possibility.
Hence, the above ten illustrative cases are only intended to convey a
general impression of the puzzlement that inheres in so
many UFo reports, to
suggest that possibly we do have here a problem of considerable scientific
interest.
In my own opinion, the UFO problem may be the greatest scientific
problem of our times; but I
do not expect ten cases to convince doubters.
was most certainly not convinced by the first ten good cases I had checked.
But I was quite intrigued, and hence kept checking. Many more scientists
do the same and add the weight of their opinion pro and con the extraterres-
trial hypothesis.
Alternatives to the Extraterrestrial Hypothesis
The UFO problem is one for which prudence dictates a studied application
of Chamberlain's "method of multiple hypotheses".
I have in previous
discussions', cataloged the eight alternative hypotheses under which I like
to scrutinize UFO data, I shall not recapitulate them here.
When I say to
you that my present position, based on months of study of UFO cases and UFO
investigations, is one of favoring the hypothesis that UFOs are some form of
extraterrestrial surveillance devices, I
am saying that I feel that all of
the obviously competing alternative hypotheses seem inadequate; by a process
of elimination I come to the extraterrestrial hypothesis, as have others.
Although argument by elimination 1s logically sound, 1t is not the type
of argumentation that scientists like to see used in a difficult problem.
They much prefer positive arguments.
simple enough: Success of argument by elimination demands that you have in
your initial set of considered hypotheses all possible hypotheses, and one
may not be so clever or so unbiased
to uFos, to put it in simple terms, one would prefer "solid evidence" - in
the form of
a tail fin, a jettisoned "motor", a crashed UFO, a lot of good
photos, etc.
Such positive evidence
to the contrary.
That there seem to be no crashed UFOs can be whimsically
explained away by asserting that "they" seem to have attained zero Defects.
Droll, but scarcely overwhelming argumentation leven if it might prove
essentially correct).
frauds and fabrications must con-
tinually be considered, with frauds and fabrications by far the most trouble-
Suggestions that UFOs are
advanced vehicles of a secret terrestrial technology seem absurd when one
scrutinizes UFO reports and then examines the nature and state of advancement

===== PAGE 82 =====
{"alpha_words": 549, "chars": 3671, "method": "ocr", "page": 82, "variant": "plain-vision"}
16
f global technologies.
I omit further comment here because I feel sure
that CASI members need
no long arguments on that hypothesis.
The leading alternative to the extraterrestrial hypothesis seems to be
that of "misidentified natural phenomena", viewed in terms broad enough to
include misidentified conventional aircraft, satellites, balloons, etc.
Bluebook position has for years been that UFOs are almost entirely such
"misidentifieds"
, and Biuebook has repeatedly asserted that their small per-
centage of UNIDENTIFIEDS would fall into that category if more adequate data
were at hand.
I do not agree, after studying hundreds of their cases.
that adequate and open-minded scientific scrutiny of the roughly 12,000
UFO cases now on file at Air Force Bluebook Project would probably raise the
percentage of UNIDENTIFIEDS from the acknowledged few per cent (figure varies
from year to year)
perhaps 30-40 per cent.
An extremely important point
to recognize is that intelligence personnel at the airbase levels from which
the bulk of Bluebook's reports originate simply do not bother to go through
the quintuplicate-filing process on any UFO report that they feel involves
somebody seeing Venus, or seeing a strobe-light, or an aerial reconnaissance
They operate with a degree of airbase-level flexibility on UFO
reporting that serves effectively to filter out the obvious misidentifieds
(as well as a lot more, I fear).
Few persons sense this important point.
system is so loosely organized
and depends so much on the interest and zeal of
the individual base intelligence personnel
that some obvious misidentifieds do
get up to Bluebook, but by no means the large numbers that one might guess.
The net result is that the Bluebook files
fascinating - not boring as I
suspect many USAF officials with little scientific training think to be the
In addition to being fascinating, I found the Bluebook files to be
extremely irritating, because after looking at the reported observational
material one next looks at the official "explanation"
, and from a scientific
viewpoint there is usually an unbelievable gap between the report-content and
the official categorization.
when one then tries to query, on scientific
grounds,
responsible for those categorizations, one
he cannot engage in anything like a scientific discussion because
ically skilled personnel are not involved in the Bluebook operation.
entirely clear that this has been true for the past fifteen years;
earlier cases unfortunately point in the same direction, even back in the
1952 period of temporarily energetic investigatory work.
So, when one hears that the USAF position is that the bulk of the UFO
they get are misidentifieds, it is necessary to probe much further
to get at the truth.
Reflections and Mirages - Menzel's Views
However, it is not only Bluebook that stresses misidentifieds. For about
15 years, Dr. D. H. Menzel, former Director of Harvard College Observatory,
ras been saying that UFO reports fall almost entirely in that category.
two books!l
, other writings, and many television and lecture discussions
have invariably emphasized that position.
It has been of particular scien-
tific interest to me that a majority of his alternative explanations fall
within my own area of interest, atmospheric physics.
Consequently I have
examined his arguments rather
carefully
and must say that they do not at all
convince me.
I have cited specific examples and discussed specific
objects elsewhere!, 8
, I shall not give numerous examples here.
But one category of Menzel's explanations that has evidently influenced
Bluebook thinking of recent years (since similar explaining shows up in

===== PAGE 83 =====
{"alpha_words": 592, "chars": 4000, "method": "ocr", "page": 83, "variant": "plain-vision"}
official files) deals with
"reflection" of light from atmospheric inversions
and "haze layers."
Menzel's explanation of the August 20, 1949, Las Cruces
N.M., sighting by Dr. Clyde Tombaugh is a case in point (11, p.
argues that lights from windows on some house, reflected off an elevated
inversion layer produced the appearance of six yellowish rectangles i
Tombaugh, along with two members of his fumily, saw shooting across the sky
in that famous sighting.
Tombaugh first spotted the geometric array of six
pale-yellow rectangles
almost directly overhead. Menzel
suggests that they
were reflections of window lights on an inversion layer at which haze had
collected (despite Tombaugh's strong emphasis on the unprecedented transpar-
ency of the air that night!).
Since only collimated beams like searchlight
beams can yield distinct spots on haze layers, one seems left only with the
notion that when Menzel says "reflection" he means just that. Letus examine
the possibility that atmospheric inversion
layers
could yield perceptible
reflectivity at near-normal incidence such as would have to be involved if
Menzel's suggestion is to be acceptable.
For ideally sharp refractive index discontinuities, the Young-Fresnel
equation (see, for example, 14, p. 420) gives the reflectivity R across a
discontinuity between two media of relative refractive index n as
R= [(1-1)/(n+ 1)]2
for normal incidence. Even for off-normal incidence angles out to several
tens of degrees, the order of magnitude of R is well-estimated by that famil-
Menzel's qualitative discussions about how UFO appari-
tions stem from reflection off atmospheric discontinuities frequently involve
how large n can become. For visible light in air at NTP, the refractive index
relative to a vacuum is about 1.0003, and temperature effects across an inver-
sion boundary (even if idealized as mathematically sharp) make changes only
in about the fifth or sixth decimal place of that parameter.
one will make a gross overestimate of R to go the extreme case of an
sion" separating standard air from a perfect vacuum, i.e., by inserting into
the Young-Fresnel relation the magnitude n = 1.0003. The result is seen to
This negligibly small reflectivity could not conceivably yield window-reflec-
tions of the type adduced by Menzel to account for sightings such as Tombaugh's,
despite its grossly overestimating the actual "inversion-layer" reflectivity
that might be encountered in the real atmosphere. Such quantitative consider-
ations are what are not found in Menzel's defense of his discussions of UFO
misidentifications, even in areas where his particular professional background
ought to have made him sense
the orders of magnitude likely to be involved.
In the February issue of Air Force/Space Digestl5 will be found a Letter
discussing
an observation of an odd aerial apparition seen by It. Col. R. G.
Hill, and treated by AF/SD as an example of UFO reports that are explainable
if only one looks far enough. I have spoken with Col. Hill to get a
further details and can only wonder if Menzel's "inversion-reflection" ideas
and Bluebook's misuse of the same have not misled Hill and the editors of
The four luminous discs which Hill saw on
dozen years ago are tentatively explained in Hill's communication
the result of some atmospheric phenomenon
that caused two interfacing layers
of air to reflect the light from a nearby source such as the mercury vapor
lamps illuminating the parking lot
at the shopping center where these objects
appeared."
As I have stated to Col. Hill and to AF/VD, this is quantitatively
quite out of question, Menzel's and
Bluebook's arguments notwithstanding.
Indeed, everyday experience with window-glass, whose refractive index
relative to
air is about 1.5, ought to have served
to prevent the widespread
misimpression concerning UFOs caused by "inversion-reflections."
gives an unimpressive normal-incidence reflectivity of about 4
Window-glass
per cent; yet
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 84 =====
{"alpha_words": 557, "chars": 3622, "method": "ocr", "page": 84, "variant": "plain-vision"}
18
it is obvious that it must be orders of magnitude more reflective than adjoin-
ing air layers could ever be.
That type of UFO explanation is being so seriously misapplied, by Blue-
book staff and consultants, that I believe it may be well to carry the counter-
arguments one step closer to the real atmosphere, for deserved emphasis.
actually deals with mathematically sharp index-discontinuities in the
earth's atmosphere, only with layers across which density may vary in some
smooth,
even if locally steep manner.
For such "transition layers" in the
index distribution, one cannot apply
the Young-Fresnel equation.
The mathe-
matical problen is
generally quite difficult, but Rayleighi6 has found one
model that permits useful mathematical analysis of wave-propagation at the
kind of inversions that can occur in our atmosphere.
To give great benefit of doubt to inversion-reflection, one might imagine
an inversion layer of such meteorologically improbable intensity that the air
above the layer was 20°C hotter than that below, and in which all of this
absurdly large temperature jump was concentrated within a transition layer of
intense inversions are not known in the atmosphere, so I shall still be seri-
ously overestimating reflectivities by applying the Rayleigh theory to such
a
case.
be
The computed reflectivity, again treating normal incidence, is found to
GERA
R = 10"19
I repeat; even this is an overestimate by a very large margin of what to expecte
in the real atmosphere.
Mirage phenomena are very real; but involve angles of incidence so far
from near-normal that the small, but significant, gradients across real inver-
sions do give refractive anomalies of readily perceptible magnitude.
LIBRARY
one's line of sight must strike the inversion
layers at almost grazing angle
lorder of only tens of minutes departure from the horizontal in most in-
stances), whereas Menzel has treated miraging in his UFO discussions as if it
could occur with lines of sight that often depart by many degrees from the
horizontal, which is quantitatively absurd.
I could discuss other aspects of atmospheric physics that seem to me to
be mishandled in Menzel's treatment of UFOs, but wish
to turn to another,
newer effort to account for many UFO reports in terms of another alleged
type
of atmospheric-physical phenomena - "plasma-UFOs", as recently discussed by
Klass.
Corona, Ball Lightning, and Plasma-UFOs - Klass's Views
In working from the method of multiple hypotheses,
one needs to look in
all directions for possible alternatives.
Quite early
in my own examination
of the UFO problem, I was confronted by colleagues at the University of
Arizona with challenges on the ground that UFOs could be some unrecognized
form of plasmoid.
For example,
scientists at our Lunar and Planetary Labora-
tory proposed that, since the wake of an entering meteoroid is a plasma
since a meteoroid sets up a highly turbulent wake-flow, perhaps vortical
motions on the
meteor-wake boundary could spin off masses of incandescent
plasma that descend into the lower atmosphere and are reported as a UFO.
pointed out seemingly insuperable difficulties centering around rapid ion-
recombination and buoyancy of hot plasmoids that would have made it most
improbable that any such plasmoids could penetrate from entry-levels to the
near-surface levels where innumerable "UFOs" have been reported.
But mainly
I stressed the more basic point that the type of UFO reports that are provoc-
ative are not mere balls of luminosity but structured objects described by
seemingly quite credible witnesses
as resembling machines of some type.

===== PAGE 85 =====
{"alpha_words": 634, "chars": 4068, "method": "ocr", "page": 85, "variant": "plain-vision"}
15
Klass' Plasna-UFO Theory•
I reiterate that latter strong objection to
the "plasma-UFO" concept when
I turn next to the recent writings of Aviation
Week Senior Avionics Editor, Philip J. Klass.
My most basic objection to the
position he is now defending concerning plasma-UFOs is that I feel he does
not confront the fact that the interesting UFO reports do not involve hazy,
glowing amorphous masses, but involve reportedly sharp-edged objects often
exhibiting discernible structural details, carry discrete lights or port-
like apertures,
and maneuver for time-periods and in
kinematical patterns that
are extremely difficult to square with his plasma-UFO hypothesis. And to that
objection I add the same one I raise against so much of Menzel's
UFO argumen-
tation - it fails to deal guantitatively with parts of the argument that are,
in terms of existing scientific knowledge, amenable to quantitative analysis.
(May I interject here that my just-cited objection can and should be
turned against my own position as to the extraterrestrial hypothesis on the
grounds that we do now know something about prospects of interstellar travel
and certain quantitative objections about propulsion difficulties can be
raised against such travel.
Indeed - and many have already cited these quan-
titative difficulties, including Purcell, von Hoerner, and Markowitz.
reiterate (see 1, 8) that my lame yet not necessarily invalid defense is that
we may not yet know all there is to know about the technology of interstellar
travel and hence our attempts at quantitative assessment of the extraterres-
trial surveillance hypothesis may be inconclusive.
Beyond that I cannot go.)
Klass has
developed his position in two magazine articles!' and a just-
published book18
He does not assert that all UFOs are plasma-UFOs; other
misidentifications contribute, he feels.
But he does argue that most students
of the UFO problem land he specifically cites
me as an example)
missed the "plasma fingerprint" which he sees in so much of the UFO evidence.
He disclaims
view that the UFO problem is a
"nonsense problem"; rather he
suggests that it is one of keen scientific interest because it comprises
body of phenomena from which careful study of the plasma-hypothesis will
generate
tricity.
valuable new knowledge of atmospheric physics and atmospheric elec-
Now one puzzling
and far from understood phenomenon of atmospheric elec-
tricity that does seem
to lie in the plasma category is "ball
which, for brevity, will be identified here as BL.
lightning"
Only within about the
decade has BL been admitted as a real phenomenon rather than some kind of
In this sense, the history of BL studies is amusingly parallel to
that of UFOs. It can be stated unequivocally that, in 1968, students of
atmospheric electricity have not yet succeeded in developing an adequate
theoretical understanding of the baffling phenomena reported under this head-
The fact that BL reports, like UFO reports, come largely from untrained
observers who happen suddenly to become witnesses to the phenomenon hampers
data-gathering.
Also, it is sufficiently uncommon that it has been discourag-
ing to try to set up special recording systems to gather instrumental data on
the phenomenon (as is true also for UFOs).
And the range of BL behavior
characteristics is so wide that no single mathematical model has fit very
satisfactorily the reported effects as well as the known atmospheric electri-
cal facts.
I noted earlier above, there even exist
parallels to the UFO
problem in the sense that a semantic difficulty arises:
One is not at all
sure, in looking at published
sunmaries of Bl reports,
that one is dealing
with a single phenomenon.
suspects that, mixed into the alleged BL
are some other quite different phenomena, so that one may be trying
to explain more than necessary.
Summaries of BL reports have been given by Brandl9, Dewan20, Rayle?l and
MeNally'i; and others have published
accounts of smaller numbers
of individual
reports.
BL models have been discussed by so many workers that no catalog of

===== PAGE 86 =====
{"alpha_words": 603, "chars": 3790, "method": "ocr", "page": 86, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20
individual papers is in order here.
Dewan? 3 has presented
a brief summary
of models developed up to about 1963, and other notions are to be found in
a volume edited by Coroniti? 4
None of these models, or those subsequently
offered by others such as Uman and Helstrom?s
can be
viewed as entirely
satisfactory.
However, one major feature of reports
and mathematical models is that
the majority of the former and all of the latter suggest that BL is a phenom-
enon closely related to ordinary thunderstorm lightning.
Fair-weather Ball Lightning. 'The notion that "ball lightning" can be
generated in fair weather free of all thunderstorm activity has been
developed by Klass,
and defended on the ground that, in the literature of
atmospheric electricity, one can find a half-dozen or so reports of lightning
discharges in clear air.
He also defends it on the ground that, in some of
the above-cited summaries of BL reports, are luminous masses that were called
"ball lightning" by the witness or the data-collector, yet occurred in the
absence of thunderstorms.
This is a confusing situation.
We do not yet know
precisely what we shall
mean by "ball lightning", do not know how Nature pro-
duces it, and have to concede that we may lump under that one heading phe-
nomena of diverse nature.
To illustrate that, consider Klass'
p. 121) an observation made from a USAF F-100 flying over the
at 11,000 ft near midday, where a luminous orange ball with a tail streaming
behind it "somewhat like a flaming meteorite"
was sighted by the pilot under
clear-weather condition.
observation
to support his asser-
tions that BL can not only occur under clear-air conditions, but can move
through the atmosphere at relatively high speeds.
But, one must emphatically
object, it is by no means obvious that it is correct to
call this a BL report
Far more reasonable would be to call it an observation of a bright daylight
meteor, many of which
are on record in the annals of meteoritics.
The very
fact that the original account compares the tail to that of
a meteorite ought
to prompt this identification in preference to the BI identification. I urge
you to read Klass' book in full to see if you do not agree that just such easy
slipping of a wide range of odd observations into his plasma category has led
his arguments seriously astray.*
At no place in his book does he defend his
assumption that plasmoids can move through the
atmosphere at speeds of hun-
dreds of meters per second, except in one
special and quite
interesting case -
when they are electrically
attracted to aircraft bearing tribo-electrically
induced charges. Let us examine that notion, therefore.
Attraction Of Plasma-UFOs to Aircraft.
Klass takes note of the fact that
UFOs have been seen following aircraft in flight,
and proposes a theory to
explain this.
Remarking that aircraft often develop strong net charges due to
contact with
snow, rain, or dust particles, he suggests (18, p. 124) that "an
airplane having, say a strong positive charge comes within reaction distance
* The suggestion which Klass makes that BL can form under fair-weather condi-
tions is, like many of his other suggestions, shown to be quantitatively
absurd by some elementary computations.
15 known (28, p. 150) to average about 10-12 amp/m?, and the fair-weather
potential
gradient averages
the earth's surface over which we would have to collect current to have Joule-
heating within a slab,
mate
of 100 watts (ef. 25, where 1000 watts is taken as perhaps more repre-
sentative), we obtain an area of 10,000 km' as our answer! Obviously the
assumption
of a slab 100 m deep was
benefit of doubt to Klass' argument, so the figures suffice to make the notion
of fair-weather ball lightning seem rather far-fetched.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 87 =====
{"alpha_words": 516, "chars": 3327, "method": "ocr", "page": 87, "variant": "plain-vision"}
of a plasma whose surface has a negative charge" with the result that "the
two will be attracted to each other,
Tike two magnets..." He remarks that,
since the aircraft has far greater mass than the plasma, the latter "will be
drawn towards the aircraft rather than the reverse."
Is this subjected to any quantitative assay? No.
Let's examine that idea quantitatively here, then.
For simplicity, assume a spherical plasmoid, with the greatest allowable
surface charge density, namely, that which brings
the surface electric field
intensity to the dielectric breakdown strength of air, E, of the order of
20,000 V/cm at typical aircraft altitudes.
Similarly, let the aircraft be
roughly modelled as a sphere, also charged
(with assumed opposite sign) to
that same breakdown limit (this will actually overestimate net aircraft
charge by something like an order of magnitude, giving more benefit to Klass'
Since the surface charge density o will satisfy E = 4n0,
ach obiect will then hold a charge Q = I'E (esu), where r is the object-
radius and E is taken as 20,000 V/cm = 65 esu/cm.
If d is the separation
the centers of aircraft and plasmoid, then the force F (cgs) acting between
the two entities is
2I2E2/a2
where subscripts a and p correspond, respectively, to aircraft and plasmoid.
For present rough purposes, we may generously set
both radii equal to ten
meters, and we may let the plasmoid tag along behind the aircraft that is
dragging it, on Klass' hypothesis,
through the air at a lag-distance d =
we get, then, F = 4x10' dynes.
To fulfill Klass' assumed requirements, this Coulomb attraction F must
equal the effective aerodynamic drag force D, to which the fast-moving plas-
moid is subjected (if it |
is not to be torn apart or brought to rest).
ing the drag coefficient C, the air density p, and the speed of aircraft and
the trailing plasmoid V, we have,
and setting D= F to determine the allowed airspeed V,
v2 = 125a
2E2)/ (mpca2).
Thus the radius of the UFO plasmoid disappears from the V-relation. Using
• = 7x10-4g/cm3, C = 0.2 for the high Peynolds number regime here involved,
and the previously suggested values for the other parameters, we get
V = 4x102 cm/sec = 9 mph
Thus, even upon assuming a large maximally-charged aircraft and plas-
moid, and limiting the trailing-distance
than 100 meters, we
obtain so low a value for the allowed V that it is absurd.
But the conclusions are even more negative for Klass' hypothesis than is
suggested by the
limit V ÷ 9 mph, since it is known from experience with air-
craft charging
26,27 that steady leakage of autogenous charges keep surface
field strengths down to values generally under 103V/cm la factor of twenty
lower than assumed above for the aircraft), and even that value would not be
found in flying through clear air free of snow or dust.
And neither Klass
nor I have proposed any basis for assuming
that his airborne plasmoids will
be so decidedly non-neutral as to have surface charge densities anywhere near
the breakdown limit, as assumed in the above calculation to give Klass ful1
benefit of doubt on that socre.
When some allowance is made for those
factors, it is seen that a plasmoid could not be drawn through the atmosphere
at the pace of even a very slow walk by the Coulomb interactions which Klass
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 88 =====
{"alpha_words": 600, "chars": 3782, "method": "ocr", "page": 88, "variant": "plain-vision"}
invokes to fit his hypothesis of plasma-UFOs, hence his ideas on plasma-
UFOs pacing aircraft are quantitatively untenable.
not come very close to the charged aircraft because the aircraft's
stream serves
as a protective sheath"
, another qualitatively ai hoe assump-
that can now be seen to be irrelevant.
In one of his articles!?, Klass explains inability of jet interceptors
to close on UFOs as resulting
from the circumstance that aircratt and plasma
have the same charge, so that the interceptor repels the plasma-UFO and can
never catch up with
is equally absurd.
other objections could be raised: Klass fails to confront his hypoth-
esis with cases where Uros were neither attracted to nor repelled by air-
craft, yet UFOs have made close passes coning from all relative directions
and exhibited many unusual maneuvers not fitting his model.
For example, a
very famous UFO sighting,
the July 24, 1948, Chiles-Whitted sighting over
Montgomery, Alabama, is
briefly alluded to on p. 118 of his book, so Klass
must know that Chiles and Whitted saw the object (which they said had a
¡ouble row of windows, a length comparable to a B-29, a cherry-red wake,
a blue glow from nose to tail along its undersurface)
come almost directly
at their DC-3 on a near-collision course before it passed them and then did
an abrupt pullup before it disappeared.
merable other aircraft-observed UFOs could be cited that would not fit Klass'
Coulomb-attraction model, even if it did make quantitative sense for trailing
It can only be concluded that Klass has not provided an explanation
for why UFOs sometimes come near aircraft.
Not only does Klass suggest that "highly charged aircraft" can attract
his plasma-UFOs, but also (18, p. 125-6) suggests that charged automobiles
attract "low-altitude UFOs".
Then, carrying the idea to its full absurdity,
he proposes that
pedestrian "who encounters
a very low-altitude
UFO may find it is drawn slowly toward him or that it backs off as he
approaches it."
The question of whether it shall be attracted or repelled
depends,
Klass adds, on the sign of the charge of the UFO and
that "of
very slight charge on the person". Io make such assertions without any
attempt at inserting numbers
into the elementary
calculations that disclose
their low plausibility is quite typical of Klass' book.
[It might be added, in this final version of the draft presented at the
Montreal CASI
meeting, that my use of the figure 20,000 V/cm in my rough
check of Klass' aircraft-pacing model was challenged from the floor by
He stated that this figure must obviously be incorrect, for he had
information that helicopters flying over dusty terrain can be charged up to
500,000 volts
sass was confusiolts with It pet centimet way and to reconcile,
his figure with mine we need only be sure
: that the helicopter had a clear-
ance above ground of at least 25 cm (since 25 em multiplied by 20,000 V/cm
equals 500,000 volts). Here again, one is startled to encounter confusion
over such elementary electrical concepts.
That the dielectric breakdown
strength of air is of order of 10,000 to 30,000 V/em, depending on electrode
geometry and air pressure is certainly not open to question.]
Formation of Plasma-UFOs
in Wingtip Vortices.
For the most part, Klass
offers his readers no hint of
the origin of the plasmoids to which he
to equate UFOs.
But one case on which he appears to offer an idea of origin
is in connection with aircraft.
Klass (see below) has the idea that pollu-
tion products exert a helpful influence in plasma-formation.
Aircraft
engines emit pollution products.
Therefore Klass suggests that pollutants,
along with the charges which he
believes are collectea in the tip vortices
(18, p. 168), somehow form a plasma-UFO.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 89 =====
{"alpha_words": 608, "chars": 3937, "method": "ocr", "page": 89, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Let's go over that in more detail.
to repeat, impact charging
of aircraft in clear, particle-free air is negligible.
One must have rain,
snow, or dust impacting on the
aircraft surfaces
to generate strong auto-
genous charges
• so Klass
is in serious initial trouble on this score
alone. Furthermore,
when an aircraft is undergoing such impact-charging,
what actually occurs
is that the surface charge densities build up to an
equilibriu value such that the leakage-rate just equals
the charging rate.
(One great value of charge-dissipating whips on wing trailing edges is that
they boost the effective discharge rate to so high a value that the steady-
state values of total aircraft charge are 1ow.)
Under the steady state that
is quickly attained on entering a dust or snow cloud, the air passing off the
wing has zero net charge, since the leakage charge just balances the residue
left over from the impact charging.
Thus, Klass will not get plasmoids bear-
ing any significant net charge by
such a process, so his aircraft-chasing
UFOs are not accounted for by the only model that he offers his reader to
get his plasmoids airborne.
But the difficulties are much more serious than absence of significant
net charge.
To have a plasmoid in the usual sense of the term requires high
concentrations of free electrons, whereas all that will be sweeping off the
trailing edge of an aircraft wing when flown under conditions favoring charg-
ing (dust, snow, rain) will be "ions" in the sense employed in atmospheric
electricity.
All free electrons will attach to oxygens in microseconds; and
exhaust pollutants will further demobilize the small ions that are thus
formed. Between
this and ordinary ion-recombination processes, nothing
remotely resembling a luminous plasmoid can possibly be expected to appear
within the trailing vortices of an aircraft.
When Klass states (18, p. 168)
that "an aircraft could accumulate electrical energy and focus it into peri-
odic discharges which could create a plasma-UFO in
its wake when conditions
were right,"
then adds that these plasmoids would be left behind so that
"another pilot flying
along the same airway a few minutes later might encoun-
ter a glowing plasma," he is using arguments that would collapse if he were
to put numbers into them.
The temporal and spatial instability of
plasmoids is one of their most outstanding characteristics. Klass accounts
neither for their formation nor for their survival in this context of air-.
craft-related plasmas.
Diurnal Variations of UrOs.
Klass suggests that UFOs are a mystery of
atmospheric electricity.
-students of that subject will certainly find
surprising mysteries of an atmospheric-electrical nature on pp. 164-167 18
Klass cites Vallee's evidence for an evening maximum of low-altitude UFO
sightings, between 6 p.m. and 10 p.m., roughly.
Klass notes that Brandl9
finds a diurnal peak frequency of BL sightings at 5 p.m.
Klass feels that
this rough temporal correlation indicates a genetic relation between BLs and
UFOs. Meteorologists could suggest to him that a
p.m. peak in BL observa-
tions would match the generally late-afternoon peak
of thunderstorm activity.
I believe that the early evening peak
of UFO reports is the result of greater
likelihood of detecting a luminous object at night than a non-luminous object
I gather that Klass shares some of the latter view; but he proceeds
to a further idea that plasmas are
formed with diurnal peak
frequency in the
early evening. The route by which he gets there is curious indéed.
First, he discusses the
diurnal variation of the atmospheric electric
field-strength near the earth's surface and calls attention
tendency
for most land-stations to have a maximum of field-strength near 7 p.m.
glosses over the point that more UFOs are seen in summer than in winter, and
that during summer most land stations have a strong maximun of field strength
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 90 =====
{"alpha_words": 575, "chars": 3855, "method": "ocr", "page": 90, "variant": "plain-vision"}
in the mid-morning. But where his physics goes astray is that he mistakenly
attributes the peak field-strength to a concurrent maximum of radon gas that
produces much of the air-ionization in the lowest atmosphere.
The actual situation is?8 that increased ionization would, per se,
the air's conductivity and thus decrease the observed
atmospheric
electric field strength - precisely the opposite of what Klass claims.
Briefly, the earth-ionosphere potential difference may here be treated as
constant (we may ignore the well-known universal diurnal variation),
vertical current densıties will remain sensibly constant so long as diurnal
actors only alter the conductivity in a relatively shallow air laver near
the earth's surface.
But with constant current density, the atmospheric
electric field intensity must adjust itself to vary inversely with air con-
ductivity.
Pollutants decrease air conductivity; ionization processes
well-known evening
field intensity is due to
development of an evening low-level inversion that traps pollutants, the
pollutants attach small ions to generate large ions of low mobility,
air conductivity consequently goes down, and the observed field intensity
must, to maintain fixed current density, go up.
If radon-trapping were the dominating factor here, as Klass evidently
thinks, evening would be a time of minimal, not maximal, field-intensity!
He extrapolates the above to a claimed explanation for the higher fre-
quency of UFO sightings in rural areas vs. urban areas; but again it is
based on the above misconception of the role of inversions, so that this
deduction of Klass' is also invalid.
But even beyond the confusion engendered by Klass' thoroughly confusing
the physics of the diurnal variations of conductivity and potential gradient,
there lie further basic shortcomings that warrant emphasis.
One must ask,
just what does he have in mind in talking about all this?
How does it relate
to formation of luminous, active plasmas?
Evidently the answer is to be
found on p. 166 (18), where he
asserts that these cyclical variations of
"pollution and electrification"
serve to set the stage "for the chance
gering of a plasma-UFO by a corona discharge on a high-tension line or per-
haps by a brief power surge in a high-power TV or radio transmitter.
Let's examine these two categories separately.
One can only conclude that Klass believes that an increase of atmos-
pheric ionization by the small factor (less than about 2) which he had in
mind when he became confused over the foregoing diurnal-variation arguments
exert an important "triggering" action on power-line corona.
That he is
not clear as to the physics of corona-formation seems evident when he states
(18, p. 22) that "under freak conditions an electrical avalanche
He must be unaware that corona discharge from power structures is
not dependent upon unusual concentrations of atmospheric ions but only upon
establishing sufficiently strong field
strengths that the
continually form-
ing free electrons (ejected by cosmic-ray or air-radioactivity bombardment of
neutral air molecules) shall be accelerated within one free path to energies
sufficiently high to
cause an additional impact-ionization event.
Being con-
fused on this point, he draws the erroneous inference that if he could
account for some extra air-ionization, he'd account for extra
"corona dis-
charge on a high-tension line."
Also, coronas don't detach from power lines.
Next consider the idea of a "brief power surge in a high-power TV OF
radio transmitter.
A clear-channel radio broadcasting station is permitted
50,000 watt output. TV stations are typically operated at outputs in the
neighborhood of 150,000 watts, though some can legally emit as much as twice
this wattage. Let's take a generously large value of 300,000 watts for the
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 91 =====
{"alpha_words": 537, "chars": 3532, "method": "ocr", "page": 91, "variant": "plain-vision"}
power output from an
elevated
TV antenna, and, for wavelength reasons, we'1l
be generous to Klass in assuming an effective emitting area of only 1 mr.
From the Poynting equation, we then wish to estimate the maximum electric
field strength prevailing near
the antenna with a flux density of 3x105
Since P = 1.3 × 10-3E0
2 (P in watts/m'
« Eg in V/m), we find by
this order-of-magnitude estimate
for the reduction in dielectric strenath of air at the radio frequencies
= 150 V/cm.
Even after allowing
involved, this generously high estimate of 150 V/cn is more than an order of
too low lin fact, probably about two orders of magnitude too low)
36, p. 156).
to initiato If-breakdown and plasm formation er Surger: 35, P. 185 and
Thus, far more than
be required
cause plasmas to appear around an antenna - and a mere two-fold variation
of air-ionization would be entirely inconsequential in abetting this improb-
So Klass appears to be in difficulty here, too, even if he had
not made the prior mistakes with respect to the diurnal variations in atmos-
pheric-electrical parameters that led him into all this.
Air Pollution as a Plasma Promoter.
In the foregoing, there have now
been several allusions to an underlying idea that runs through much of Klass'
Air pollutants are alleged to aid in the formation of plasma-UFOs.
This is such a curious idea, and the source of this notion is treated so
casually by Klass (18, p. 153)
that few readers are likely to realize how it
Klass weaves it into so much of his argument, it warrants
closer examination.
Klass contacted
DI. J. R. Powell concerning some interesting laboratory
work done
at Brookhaven National Laboratory (APS abstract in BNL 10625,
entitled "Laboratory Production of Self-sustained Atmospheric Luminosities",
by Powell, Zucker,
Manwaring, and Finkelstein).
a 75 MHZ rE
charge as the primary power source, and feeding its output into a walk-in
size resonant cavity filled with selected gases at atmospheric pressure,
Brookhaven group were studying
luminosities with radii in the decimeter
range and lifetimes of order of a second or more after shutoff of the rf
power supply.
Early work indicated that such luminosities could be produced
in air "pumping
though not in
It was hypothesized that
stored energy
in certain energetically accessible long-
lived (mètastable) states of Nisib?, or NO, and that vaporized electrode
radiation after acquiring energy in
collisions of the
secona kind with the excited chamber-gas atoms.
relations to the ball lightning problem were noted by the investigators.
The important points to note here are that this experiment appears to
involve three crucial features: 1) a tuned cavity, 2)
an rf power source
feeding into it, and
a gas, filling the cavity at 1 atm pressure
selected to have metastable states with lifetimes of the order of seconds
such as to constitute an energy reservoir upon which the light-emitting
species (metal vapor atoms) can feed repetitively during the post-shutoff
glow period.
(Whether the interpretations put on this promising experi-
mental work stand the test of time need not bother us here; they do appear
plausible.)
Upon hearing of this laboratory work, Klass jumped via several erroneous
steps to his idea that pollutants from aircraft, cars, and factories will
enhance the likelihood of forming plasma-UFOS.
s" (his plurady with the "nitrogen oxides nd air polteron "iterature
(his plural) with the
(18, p. 153). As a matter of fact, nitrous oxide, Ny°, is a natural
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 92 =====
{"alpha_words": 618, "chars": 4010, "method": "ocr", "page": 92, "variant": "plain-vision"}
26
constituent of
air, not considered an atmospheric pollutant (29, p. 156),
not even mentioned in most air pollution literature on the
problem of the nitrogen oxides (30, p. 3-12;
31, p. 83).
NO is copiously
produced in all
combustion processes, including those in aircraft and auto-
mobiles,
and oxidizes quickly in air to NO:,
the primary photon-acceptor in
photo-oxidation air pollution of the Los Angeles type.
NO, a rather stable
compound, always present in concentrations about twice that of all other
oxides characterizing polluted atmospheres,
plays no part at all in
any pollution problems,
"is dangerous only
in concentrations of
about 90 per cent and then has mainly an
anoxic effect" (32, p. 149). Indeed,
chemical analysis of the "nitrogen oxides" in polluted atmospheres was not
meaningful until tests, such as the phenoldisulfonic acid method (29, p. 159),
were developed to react to all N-oxides except N20!
Briefly, through an
error of interpretation of elementary chemical terminology, Klass misidenti-
fied the NO of the Brookhaven experiments with true pollutants and was off
on one of the many error-chains that so weaken his treatment of the UFO
Next, he failed to appreciate relevant quantitative aspects concerning
the "air pollutants" he thus began to discuss.
Average concentrations of
No at sea level are near 0.5 ppm (parts per million by volume).
concentrations of all pollutant-N-oxides in Los Angeles run about half that
(31, p. 84). To suggest that any gas present in such trace quantities could
play theenergy-reservoir role of the test-gases with which the Brookhaven
group filled their tuned cavity is to miss completely a basic quantitative
aspect of the experiments.
Yet this is what Klass suggests; so here we have
the next stage in his error-compounding.
If the metal atoms have to make a
million or more collisions, on the average, before finding one of Klass'
pollutant molecules, not much light would be coming from
the system.
In fact, it will have to be interjected somewhere here
understands what Powell and co-workers think happens in their chamber, it
becomes somewhat unreasonable to talk about adding
by way of abetting the process, Ior they clearly assert that the No and 02
of ordinary air do quite well in providing suitable metastable energy levels
to make the process work.
In view of this point, all of Klass' discussion
about diurnal variation in pollutant concentrations, about pollutants
into tip vortices, and about alleged concentrations of pollutants near high-
ways is seen to be irrelevant and based on a network of misconceptions.
But, finally, the most basic error of Klass' attempts to fit the Brook-
haven experiments into his thesis lies in ignoring the very special nature
of the cnergy source used in the laboratory work, and In casually overlook-
ing the complete absence of anything even roughly similar to it in the out-
door environments in which he claims plasma-UFOs are being formed. The
buildup of fields in the standing-wave pattern of the Brookhaven tuned cav-
ity fed at the resonant frequency (75 MHz) provides excitation conditions
that simply cannot be blandly assumed to exist aft of a wing-tip, or under
an inversion in a rural area, or above an automobile speeding down
a highway
- or even near a high-power TV antenna, as shown above.
In the light of the preceding points, it is interesting to re-read the
kinds of inferences Klass
attempts to draw:
He asks (18, p. 153) if it is
"merely coincidence" that "both air pollution
and UFOs have experienced
dramatic increase within the past two decades"; and then goes
on in similar
"Is it also merely coincidence that many low-altitude UFOs are seen
highways, where growing numbers of autos spew out their pollution
products?
And is it coincidence again that many of the high-altitude UFOs
are reported by pilots while flying along well-traveled airways, where air-
craft also leave a trail of combustion-engine pollution products in their
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 93 =====
{"alpha_words": 577, "chars": 3911, "method": "ocr", "page": 93, "variant": "plain-vision"}
27
Other Misconstrued Laboratory experiments.
Although it is the Brook-
haven experiments that Klass misuses most extensively in his book, three
other experiments are discussed in
a manner purporting to provide support
for his basic plasma-UFO hypothesis.
Because in each instance Klass fails
to recognize quantitative
factors that render the laboratory results irrele-
vant to the case
he is trying to make, brief comments on all three seem in
First, he cites some demonstration experiments devised by A. F. Jenzano,
director of Morehead Planetariun in North Carolina, and displays photos in
support of the contention that erratically moving
cigar- and disc-shaped UFOs
result from open-air counterparts of
the planetarium experiments (18,
p. 68 and plate 3b; also 17, p. 57 and 61).
But when one reads the nature of
the experiments in question,
they prove to
be low-pressure glow discharges
carried out under pressure conditions and with externally varying capacitance
quite unrelated to anything involved in UFO sightings. Io make his point,
Klass would have to show that something resembling the electric field
Ha have to so hot
strengths and near-vacuum gas pressures used in these demonstrations occurs
at times of UFO sightings in the atmosphere; but such confrontation with
relevant quantitative considerations is absent here,
as elsewhere in Klass'
treatment.
Jenzano is quoted as saying he uses the device to simulate
Northern Lights; this is rather more reasonable.
But UFOs and the aurora
are certainly two quite different matters.
Secondly, Klass cites (18, p. 132) laboratory work of W. H. Bostick on
small moving plasmoids.
quotes Bostick
saying
"...the plasma
travels...not as an amorphous blob, but as a structure (called a plasmoid)
whose form is determined by the magnetic field it carries along with itself."
He also quotes a passage that may
seem to some readers to still further
support the Klass plasma hypothesis fcr UFOS:
•..the two plasmoids seemed
to seek each other out unerringly...and attach themselves to each other."
The implication is that Bostick's work has some bearing on the UFO problem.
However, on consulting the original papers (e.9., 33), one finds that to get
the observed phenomena Bostick worked at gas pressures of 10-5 mm HG (about
a hundred-millionth of an atmosphere), except when the
pressure was raised
to that of "a poor vacuum (10-3
mm Hg) in order to slow the plasmoid down".
And about equally remote from any conditions prevailing in situations where
UFOs have been reported,
Bostick used externally applied de magnetic fields
ranging from 500 to 2000 Gauss.
few tenths of a Gauss.
Despite assonagneto 5, the Bost sk laboratory
experiments bear no relation to the problem of explaining UFOs, their some-
times startlingly fast movements, and their sometimes high luminosity.
Thirdly, Klass recounts (18, P. 284) some laboratory experiments which
the press featured as possibly explaining UFOs.
Workers at Melpar, Inc.
reportedly (34, p. 16)
obtained luminous emissions from a mixture of ammonia
and oxygen after spark-ignition.
Neither cited account permits a reader to
decide whether this was some slow combustion process or perhaps chemilumi-
Klass states that, on triggering the process with the spark, "a
saucer-shaped object
would form,
providing the mixture had
proportions."
the glowing object would hover horizontally...at
other times,
the tiny UFO would pulsate mysteriously and flip over onto its
rim or turn
upside down."
Interesting, from a scientific point of view;
what can this have to do with the UFO problem?
answers that question:
"The ammonia gas that Melpar used in its experiments...could be found over
newly fertilized farmlands - another possible reason why UFOs are more
frequently seen in rural areas."
Here is one more good illustration of
omitting highly relevant quantitative considerations.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERAI
LD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 94 =====
{"alpha_words": 558, "chars": 3594, "method": "ocr", "page": 94, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Melpar experiment is not described in terms one would require in
order to make precise statements; but it seems clear that the partial pres-
sure of NH3 in their reaction vessel is a fair fraction of an atmosphere.
Lacking data on maximum NI3 concentrations over farm barnyards, I will
appeal to the fact that public health officials seem never to have expressed
concern over the safety of farmers
exposed to hazardous concentrations of
that gas, so that barnyard concentrations presumably fall well under the
"maximum allowable concentration" set as the industrial safe limit
(29, p. 24).
This would be three to four orders of magnitude below the
partial pressures likely to be involved in the Melpar demonstration.
only would reaction rates be slowed down by something like 3-4 orders of
magnitude by virtue of that adverse concentration ratio, but it seems
entirely out of the question that it could be self-sustaining in such con-
centrations, even if there were
spark-source near every barnyard to pro-
vide the requisite ignition.
Actually, it seems so unreasonable to suggest
that farm concentrations of Ni3 could YIeld ettects comparable to those
obtained in the Melpar laboratory demonstration that the proper reaction
to be astonishment that any such suggestion should have been made
in the first place.
Argumentation by Concatenation - Thunderstorms, Dust Devils, and Ball
Lightning•
Throughout his
book, Klass uses a very
curious type of "argu-
by concatenation".
Noting that there exists some vague relation
between concept A and concept B, he next passes on to observe another remote
relation between B and C.
Then C may have something or other in common with
Klass is soon asserting
and Dare related.
abstract form, the only criticism that could be made is that stringing
chains may be dangerous. But seen in the form of particular instances,
of deduction appears almost ludicrous.
tration has already been cited - that concerning the chain of steps by which
Klass went from the diurnal variation of potential gradient at land stations
the diurnal variation of UFO reports, via
pollutants and inversions and radon gas.
Another example of this uncomfortably non-scientific mode of argument
leads him to the following
conclusion (1o, p. 113):
"The dust devil and the
kugelblitz (BL), which a few weeks earlier had seemed poles apart, now were
beginning to show signs of a possible family tie, at least on some occa-
Nature, I was beginning to realize, offers an even wider range of
explanations for UFOs than I had first imagined."
Let's trace back through the concatenation of remarks that led to that
statement.
He gets into it by attempts to explain the many daytime sightings in
which UFO witnesses have asserted that the object looked "metallic".
Klass feels, can be understood if the UFOs are glowing plasmas (18, p. 108).
Briefly, the observer is fooled into thinking that the self-glow is
"metallic reflection" of sunlight. Leaving aside objections to that con-
clusion, we next find
(18, p. 109) him bothered by a UFO sighting in which
"dark crescents" were seen on an otherwise white or silvery UFO; so Klass
asks himself what might render a plasma-UFO dark in spots.
He explains:
most obvious answer popped into my mind: dust particles."
Next he cites a model of BL due to E. L. Hill, in which it had been
suggested that BL might consist of "electrically charged dust particles and
groups of molecules which somehow are electrically separated into positively
and negatively charged clusters by the action of a lightning stroke," a
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 95 =====
{"alpha_words": 640, "chars": 4046, "method": "ocr", "page": 95, "variant": "plain-vision"}
29
model which I believe most students of the BL problem would regard as
unpromising. But that model has dust and it has spin, and that's the
direction in which this chain is to be strung out.
By way of seeming to confirm the notion that dust may be involved in
uro phénomina, Klass then cites (13, fwindow a UFO sighting in which beans
of light,
from the UFO's eight large
described as shining
so brightly that air-dust could be seen in the beams.
(See 3, p. 69 for
the complete account that is very abbreviated in the summary given by
The sighting was made by
a minister and his wife in Cleveland in
the early evening of NoV. 5, 1955; 'the object hovered for an estimated ten
minutes, at a height estimated at 500 It and at a distance from the two
witnesses of about a halt mile before it began to slowly move away and pass
out of sight. Out of all this, Klass takes the point that dust was visible
in the beams reportedly shining out of apertures of some sort on the object,
and builds that point into his chain. The fact that this plasma lasted ten
minutes and had eight bright spots rather than dust-produced dark spots is
ignored.
The important point for the idea-chain is that dust was present.)
So next (18, p. Ill), Klass ponders "swirling, charged dust particles,
interacting in complex ways with charged air particles in a plasma
explain the mysterious, moving, dark crescent-shaped areas" in the
sighting that started the chain.
This is preparation for the next jump:
"This suggested
still another phenomenon that 1 ought to investigate -
'dust devils'..."
So he then spoke with several persons who gave him infor-
mation about the well-known fact that dust-devils and dust storms (28, p.122)
can disturb the fair-weather potential gradient by virtue of strong fric-
tional electrification.
When one of his informants remarked that dust devils
are sometimes formed around the cutflowing cool air that spreads out from
thunderstorm downdrafts in summer storms over the arid Southwest, the last
in the chain was forged.
Klass notes, with an almost audible "Ah,
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
hah!" implicit in the italicized windup
that "
•.. thunderstorms are
most frequent sources of ball lightning."
That, in brief, is how Klass arrived at the passage quoted at the start
of this section.
That is how he established the bond between dust devils
and ball lightning, with swirling, dust-laden vortical plasmoids created out
of the rhetorical exercise.
The term "vortex" is one Klass likes to conjure with; it comes up
repeatedly throughout the book, and is woven into his model of the plasma-
UFO in several ways - almost invariably without payıng any attention to
scale-factors, as in the above
case of dust devils and BL.
One sees that
same casual neglect of disparate scale factors, the same word-play in a
later discussion where concatenative argumentation takes Klass from tornadoes
to spinning
At one intermediate step of that particular chain (18,
p. 157), he begins a paragraph speaking
about tornadoes in the ordinary
sense of
the word, and shifts to an idea proposed by one investigator of the
radar-angel problem, namely, that some angels are small airborne
vortices,
which that investigator dubbed "micro-tornadoes."
Because Klass had, else-
where in
the book (18, p. 89) intimated that probably angels are often caused
by plasma-UFOs (thus clearing up, in his contention, many cases where UFOs
tracked on radar), one comes out of the cited paragraph on p. 157 with
the impression that Klass does indeed infer that "tornadoes and at least some
UFOs may be distantly related members
family," and evidently
"micro-tornadoes" and angels are also in that family.
If in approaching
problems of meteorology and geophysics, scientists customarily employed that
kind of concatenative logic, so casually ignored important scale considera-
and rested everything
on verbal arguments almost wholly devoid of
quantitative considorations, they could casily show that volcanoes are
related to hurricanes and earthquakes to blizzards.

===== PAGE 96 =====
{"alpha_words": 630, "chars": 4112, "method": "ocr", "page": 96, "variant": "plain-vision"}
30
UFOs and Radar.
From the chapter so labeled in Klass' book, one can
draw
additional instances of the author's failure to understand
much of what
he is talking about.
He remarks, correctly, that plasmas can be seen on
radar, re-entry plasma sheaths around space
capsules and satellite debris
being a
well-known
example.
From that qualitatively correct beginning, with-
out further attention to all-important quantitative matters, he proceeds to
explain instances of UFOs seen on radar.
Citing (quite incompletely) a case from Hall (3, p. 85) in which an
unknown object whose radar return suggested it was as big as
"any of our
transport planes" was followed for over 30 minutes from an East coast
USAF radar installation, Klass proceeds to the conclusion that this was just
a plasma.
The important item of information concerning
duration of the radar
sighting was omitted by Klass; it was a clear moonlit night in the fall, and
plasmoids lasting 30 minutes are rather difficult to explain.
The radar tar-
get was described
stopping and remaining
fixed (for the 30-
minute period).
An Air Force C-124 transport that came into the radar-cover-
age area was vectored towards the unknown.
Both blips remained on the scope
until the C-124 came to within a distance
that the radar operator estimated
at about a half-mile from the unknown, at which juncture the unknown suddenly
disappeared from the scope.
Klass explains the fact that the C-124 crew could not see the plasma
due to its being
"on its last legs", so that "it did not have sufficient
energy to be luminous
and thus was not visible..."
Its sudden disappearance
from the radar scope Klass sees as having resulted from the fact that "the
proximity of the large metal aircraft hastened the plasma's demise, serving
to drain off its residual energy in much the same way that a lightning rod
attracts a lightning stroke...
This kind of easy argumentation makes it possible to assert that casually
that a plasma too weak to yield a visible glow is
at so high
an electrical
potential relative to an ungrounded aircraft that it sends out a stroke over
the half-mile gap separating it from the aircraft.
And it permits Klass to
ignore all
considerations of recombination-times as he glosses over the 307
minutes' duration of the reported radar sighting prior to sudden disappear-
Considering lightning returns on radar gives a much fairer comparison
plasma-sheathed re-entry vehicles.
The latter draw steadily upon the
kinetic energy of the entering object to maintain the plasma against recom-
binative losses.
In lightning
strokes, however, no such
"steady" energy
source is available.
The result is that spotting lightning strokes on radar
is a rather rare (though definitely well-known) occurrence.
Why? Because
to get a discernible radar return demands that the electron concentration in
the lightning channel shall
imply a "plasma frequency" greater than the radar
frequency.
For the frequencies employed in conventional radar practice, the
requisite
electron concentration runs from about 1010 to 1012 electrons/cm3
But recombination processes go on at rates that rise very rapidly (roughly as
the square) with increasing free electron concentration, so that lightning
channels quickly quench out to radar-invisibility
(37, p. 108).
Estimated
durations of radar-visibility of lightning run well under a second.
sweep-periods of typical search radar are so long compared with this time
that the probability of seeing a lightning stroke on radar is rather low.
All the same, basic physics must apply to any plasmoid that one hopes to
see on radar.
If
it lacks a sustaining steady energy
source (virtually
of Klass' plasmoids suffer that deficiency), then their lifetimes relative to
radar visibility must closely parallel that of lightning channels - of the
order of a second or less.
unknown that gives a radar-return as intense
as that of a large transport aircraft over a period exceeding 30 minutes can,
therefore, be explained
as a plasma only if one accounts for a continuing
source of energy. Klass does not do so.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 97 =====
{"alpha_words": 557, "chars": 3695, "method": "ocr", "page": 97, "variant": "plain-vision"}
31
(Sudden disappearance of unknowns from radar screens, following uncon-
Significantly,
"sudden" disappearance in the sense of getting out of sight in a few seconds,
is even more common among cases of visual sightings by credible observers.
As has often been remarked before, anything that could move many miles in
few seconds would
seem to disappear
"suddenly" from all surveillance radars
with sweep periods
greater
than a number of seconds.)
Another example of misunderstanding of radar principles from the cited
chapter concerns anomalous propagation effects (18, p. 88-9).
Klass seems
to be under the misimpression that 'spurious returns
occur with anomalous
propagation only it an aircraft ls Ilying in the vicinity to provide an air-
in the atmospheric layers" cause ground-returns, bounced off the aircraft,
and move erratically, ylelding the impression that the radar
observer's vicinity "is being invaded by dozens of UFOs."
set of misconceptions appears suspiciously like a garbled version of Menzel's
misconceptions about anomalous propagation and aircraft-reflections (11,
p. 153-171).
The reader familiar with radar propagation physics is urged to
study both of these treatments and judge for himself.
A detailed recounting
of Klass'
version of the matter does not seem worth presenting here.
He argues (18, p. 89) that because 67 per cent of NICAP's UFO radar
sightings3
tell in the months of May, July, August,
September, and November,
when radar "angels" prove to be most common, it follows that the NICAP radar
cases
"are classic radar angels", for there would have been "only 42 per cent
in these five
months had the UFO radar cases
been equally distributed through-
out the year."
Evidently Klass has very scant knowledge of statistical sam-
pling theory, too.
He intimates that the famous July, 1952 Washington
National Airport UFO radar-visual sightings might have been plasma-UFOs, and
closes with the comment that complete analysis is difficult fifteen years
later. Not so. The data on that famous sighting, as I indicated earlier
here, can be reexamined quite meaningfully even today, including the erro-
neous USAF claims that anomalous propagation and mirage effects accounted for
its main features.
Neither the latter, nor plasma-UFOs match convincingly
the events of those two famous nights in UFO history.
Klass asks, finally, why all of our surveillance radar nets never see
UFOS.
My reply to that is to ask why he feels so sure that they do not?
Spinning Plasmas. As noted above, Klass seems to place considerable
emphasis upon rotation of his plasmoids.
He notes that extensive
surveys of
ball lightning witnesses (esp. 21, 22) find that from a fourth to a third of
the BL reports involve mention of a noticeable spinning motion.
His argu-
ments about dust devils,
tornadoes, and micro-tornadoes, plus otner similar
arguments, dispose him to the view
hat UFO-plasmas will often (perhaps
usually) be spinning.
on p. 160, he accepts a qualitative suggestion that rotation of a
doughnut-shaped plasmoid might store |
enough energy as rotational kinetic
energy to account for its characteristics.
But suppose we hope thereby to
extract luminous energy at the modest rate of 100 watts for the reasonable
time of 10 seconds, i.c., we ask for 1010 ergs. The result is a spin rate
of about 1000 rev/sec.
Clearly, no human eye
could discern angular motions
at so extremely high a speed.
Angular motions do not constitute a partic-
ularly attractive storage mode for energy of plasmoids.
Klass turns to an experiment by Vonnegut, Moore, and Harris38 which, to
fill his needs, he identifies as one relating
to vortex motion of the outer
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 98 =====
{"alpha_words": 578, "chars": 3679, "method": "ocr", "page": 98, "variant": "plain-vision"}
32
shell of a plasma." On reading the original paper, one finds that it is
only very distantly related to Klass' idea of plasma-UFOs, for it actually
concerns the favorable effects of a vortex on maintenance of an are dis-
The inward-directed buoyancy-
forces, the authors note, convectively force the hot arc gases into the
sinuous excursions
an are to exist stably over arc-spacings about twice the spacings attainable
Clearly, the vortical effects employed here bear on
stability of the high-temperature gases in an arc discharge but have no
obvious bearing on stability of Bu or UFOs, since no one believes that arc
discharge is involved in either of those phenomena.
Klass either fails to understand what he is talking about or else
his mold - probably the former.
The just-cited section of the book is followed by another curiosity.
suggests next that "this same vortex motion also helps to explain some
of the weird movements reported both for ball lightning and UFOs, such as
their right-angle turns,
because it would make them behave like gyroscopes
that a spinning gyro "does not move in the
direction of
the push" one applies to it,
cause it to move at right-angles to the directten itse foscopic propertios
suggests that "if
a plasma-UFO is spinning at moderately high speed when it
comes near a metal object or a source of electromagnetic fields, the elec-
trical interaction in combination with
its gyroscopic properties could
it to move
at right
angles to the direction of its previous motion, as is
frequently reported."
Here, as before, Klass gets demerits for ignorance of undergraduate
physics.
It is torques, not gross body forces, which produce the noto-
riously
perverse reactions of gyros.
A fast-spinning gyro
acted upon by
an
external force moves
entirely
direct response thereto, and not at
90° to that force, as Klass evidently assumes.
Plasmas as Nature's Rorschach Blots.
To meet the objection that many
witnesses have reported seeing machine-like UFOs, sometimes with ports,
domes, leg-like structures, etc., Klass offers the proposal that a plasma
act like a Rorschach ink blot (18, p.
wishing to become
embroiled in arguments of primarily psychological nature, I would object
that projective tests of the Rorschach type do not function by virtue of the
illusory mechanism Klass
adduces.
Normal persons arrive at their Rorschach
answers by dint of requested interpretation of the unstructured blots dis-
played before them.
To suggest,
as Klass does, that light and dark areas on
his alleged plasmoids are illusorily converted
by observers into fanciful
ports and domes is to introduce something
well beyond Rorschach factors.
cite this because it is the closest Klass
seems to come to confronting the
very important point that, in many highly credible UFO reports,
structured,
craft-like objects are described in terms
that fail to square with an amor-
phous blob of glowing plasma.
I would suggest that his Rorschach idea be
dropped as unreasonable.
The best observations of machine-like UFOs are day-
light observations where no glow is even involved, so the Rorschach-plasma
fail completely.
for example, the Powell sighting of
May 21, 1966 & for a single example which Klass has heard directly from the
witnesses, at the same time that I did.
An 18, 000-hour pilot, with a second
witness, saw a domed disc pass his light plane
at an estimated distance of a
yards in midday, with excellent visibility.
It was opaque, and was
described as having quite distinct edges,
and had a sharply contrasting white
dome over red disc.
Many others in that
kind of category not covered by
Rorschach effects could be cited.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 99 =====
{"alpha_words": 590, "chars": 3846, "method": "ocr", "page": 99, "variant": "plain-vision"}
33
Mesmeric Properties of Plasma-UFOs• Not only does Klass propose that
his plasma-UFOs are Rorschach blots, but also he intimates (18, p. 227) that
perhaps they have " a hypnotic effect on some observers, especially if the
UFO were seen at close quarters in darkness."
Commenting on use of lights
in concentrating a subject's attention in hypnotic experiments, he notes
that
"the plasma-UFO, with its intense glow, its flashing pockets of color,
and its changing shape, certainly would focus the observers' attention.
This could deprive his
brain of its normal contact with the outside world,
especially for night sightings when the object is in a remote spot..."
There is one very striking similarity between Klass' plasma-UFOs and
Menzel's meteorological-optical phenomena:
Both are stretched to cover a
most astonishing range of UFO events.
The stretching
and straining of
scientific principles found in their
writings on UFOs is paralleled in the
crackpot literature on UFOs.
Indeed, if some of the unreasonable argumenta-
tion which they employ were
found in something by,
say George Adamski, it
would be regarded
as scientifically hilarious.
As
it is, such warping of
familiar scientific principles seems only depressing.
Interference of Non-Co herent
Light Sources.
Another bothersome
example of failure to understand rather elementary physical principles is
to be found in Klass' discussion of a sighting in which a chemist, having
the presence of mind to try viewing a UFO through his Polaroid glasses, dis-
cerned a series of concentric light and dark rings around the airborne UFO
(18, p. 99).
Klass, ignoring the basic requirement of having coherent light
sources if one is to generate interference effects, offers the suggestion
that interference between polarized sky light and the light being emitted by
the object caused the light and dark circles reportedly
realizing that his argument was already lost, Klass continues to suggest that
the reason that the light from the UFO was polarized was that motions of
charges in the plasma that it really was generated magnetic fields that
caused the polarization of the emitted light that then interfered with sky
light when viewed through the chemist's Polaroid sunglasses.
With arguments
like that, one might hope to show that the moon is a plasmoid.
Cold Plasmas of Ice Crystals.
Perhaps the most bothersome general
feature of Klass" book is the way it repeatedly tends to carry the unwary
through what may appear to be reasonable deductions, but which involve large
leaps of unjustified nature when you reexamine them.
A good example concerns his discussion of "cold plasmas" (18, pp. 114-
115). Let me quote his conclusion first, and then go back over the arguments
purportedly support it:
...one thing was emerging as absolutely cer-
Nature has a surprisingly large bag of atmospheric electrical tricks
with which it can create unusual 'flying objects.'"
Working backwards, one
sees some intermediate remarks about
"cold plasmas" of charged ice crystals,
and working still further back one arrives at a reference to a
short note by
Vonnegut in the October, 1955 issue of Weather.
Reading Klass' version of it,
one gets the impression
that electrical discharges in thunderclouds can so
alter electrical forces on charged ice crystals as to make them change atti-
tude relative to the sun that marked reflectivity or transmissivity of the
cloud could result, and that this
: "would cause the ice cloud to appear solid
(because no sunlight passes through)
and could even give a silhouette effect."
Then, in a non sequitur he adds that "the raw materials for such a phenomenon,
those provided by nature, could come from the growing numbers of high-
altitude jet aircraft", and seems to intimate that the charges are to come
from jet turbine blades!
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 100 =====
{"alpha_words": 596, "chars": 3840, "method": "ocr", "page": 100, "variant": "plain-vision"}
34
But returning
to the foundation on which the above series of steps
rests, let us see just what vornegut actually reported in the cited note.
what he reported was a pilot observation of a bright band that propagated
across the top of a thunderhead, a ground observation of a bright streamer
of cloud that built up slowly and then disappeared suddenly at the moment of
lightning discharge within the thunderstorm, and finally some field observa-
tions by Vonnegut on brightness changes lamcunting to a mere few tenths of
a per cent) of thunderclouds at instant of lightning discharge within the
cloud las detected by radio-frequency noise gear).
remotely suggests UFOs to Klass?
one could start talking about a very large
variety of cloud-physical effects of unusual nature and remain equally far
from the area of UFOs.
Yet after juxtaposing the foregoing, Klass leaves
his reader with the conclusion that "Nature has a surprisingly large bag of
atmospheric electrical tricks with which it can create unusual 'flying
objects.'"
What flying objects?
In an earlier discussion of Vonnegut's note!?, Klass went even farther
from such slim supporting evidence.
Introducing without any atmospheric-
physical basis the notion of a "vortex of ice crystals"
• he merges
it with
Vonnegut's idea of clectrical orientation effects as follows:
"If the angle
of incidence of sunlight playing on a vortex of ice crystals aligned by elec-
tric fields were such that reflected light was directed away from an observer,
it conceivably could produce a silhouette effect... (and) if the airborne vor-
tex contains charged dust particles, similarly aligned by electric fields...a
very pronounced silhouette
could result.
If electric discharge is taking
place within the vortex between charged
dust particles, as has been suggested
by some ball lightning theories, it could easily create the illusion of a
solid spacecraft with small lighted windows."
All of this suggests the con-
clusion that if someone sets out to create UFOs out of almost thin air, he
can do so.
Mirror Images and the Car-Stopping Problem. Klass (18, p. 96) evidently
accepts, as do I, the reality of a puzzling number of instances where obser-
have reported engine and headlight failure coincident with close passage
of a UFO.
Klass suggests that "because a plasma contains a cloud of electri-
fied particles, there is no doubt that if an auto battery were enveloped by
a plasma the battery could be short-circuited.
it is difficult to
explain how a UFO-plasma could
gain entry to the car battery in the engine
compartment without first dissipating its energy to the metal body of the
However, he then comes up with an extremely curious suggestion that may
be some measure of the scientific level of Klass' analyses.
He needs to have
his plasma ions inside the hood, to short the battery.
So he remarks that
"an electric charge in the vicinity of a conducting surface, such as a car's
hood, creates a mirror image of itself on the opposite side of the conducting
surface."
Quite clearly,
impression that "image charges"
are real charges, and that the "image charge" induced on the inside of the
compartment can short-circuit the battery and cause other real
a puzzlingly erroneous misconception to be held by an
electrical engineer.
Aeronautical engineers in the CASI
‚audience can appreciate the parallel
to another closely similar situation where boundary-conditions can be handled
by a similar ruse: The use of
"image-objects" in flow problems near solid,
plane boundaries.
For instance, the enhanced lift that accounts for the
familiar "flare-out"
as an aircraft comes down to within a few feet of an
airstrip can be treated, mathematically, in terms of an identical aircraft
imagined to be upside down and moving along at a distance below the real
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 101 =====
{"alpha_words": 575, "chars": 3871, "method": "ocr", "page": 101, "variant": "plain-vision"}
35
aircraft's true distance above the ground-plane. In fact, wind-tunnel
tests of
flow problems near the ground-plane are actually conducted with
real model-pairs mounted in this
"mirror-image" attitude.
Io suggest that
a real automobile battery could be shorted out by "image
charges"
induced
in the hood is comparable, then, to suggesting that
"flare-out"
on landing
results from the fact that a real aircraft is actually flying along upside
down, just underneath the airstrip.
Summary-Critique of Klass' Plasma-UFO Thesis. In the foregoing sections,
I have pointed out a number of serious scientific
errors and misconceptions
that mark Klass' writings on UFOs17, 18
Although he has diligently pursued
the subject of UFOs for some months, his handling of the scientific questions
involved reveals so many misunderstandings, often of elementary principles,
that his principal thesis, namely, that a substantial portion of the pre-
viously most puzzling UFO cases can be explained as plasmas, cannot be
regarded as supported.
It is important to note that Klass does not claim that all UFOs are
plasmoids (18, p. 282); he
feels that meteors, balloons, optical phenomena,
planets, and other misidentified phenomena account for many UFO reports.
does indicate, however, that he feels he has "identified most if not all of
the previously unexplained UFOs as atmospheric electrical phenomena, using
NICAP's most convincing cases (18, p. 174)."
By the latter,
the more than 700 cases in Hall's UFO Evidence 3
Such a claim is fatuous;
Reference 3 hundreds of cases that could not even remotely be
reconciled with Klass'
plasma-UFO hypothesis on any reasonable, scientific
grounds.
Indeed, even considering the percentually small sampling of those
NICAP cases that are specifically cited in Klass' book, I would say that
only perhaps two or three cases could be even tentatively viewed as some
atmospheric-electrical plasmoid phenomenon.
His claims to have "identified"
the difficult NICAP UFO cases are gratuitous and lacking in scientific basis.
Klass asserts (18, p. 286) that "it is time that these two influential
organizations (meaning NICAP and APRO) encouraged their members to open
that UFOs may be only freak atmospheric
their minds to the possibi adas that NICAP and APRO shoula "more fully
electrical phenomena.
inform their members
about the plasma theory", evidently thinking that this
will lead them to accept his hypothesis that the most interesting UFOs are
"freak atmospheric electrical phenomena."
As a matter of fact, members of
NICAP and APRO had weighed and rejected hypotheses similar to Klass' long
before he developed an interest in the UFO problem, and three communications
cited in his book (18, pp. 55, 58, and 177)
from NICAP members contain more
reasoned, albelt briet, reactions
to that hypothesis than one finds in all
writings. The provocative UFO cases are low-altitude, close-
range sightings of structured, machine-like objects of entirely unconven-
tional nature, reported by witnesses whose credibility does not appear to
be in question.
The nearest Klass comes to confronting such cases is to
suggest hypnotic effects
or Rorschach-projective effects that make the wit-
nesses see plasmoids as if they were structured vehicular objects with domes,
panels, legs, ports, markings,
I have, myself, interviewed so many wit-
objects that I can only smile weakly at the
unreasonableness of Klass' intimation that he has "identified"
plasmoids.
Furthermore, implicit in Klass' plea that NICAP, APRO, and the rest of
those whom he labels as "UFOrians" should be made "fully informed" about
The many instances cited above wherein Klass completely misconceived perti-
nent aspects
of the plasma physics he was attempting to talk about make such
plea quite hollow.
The net effect of further study of plasma theory by
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 102 =====
{"alpha_words": 493, "chars": 3309, "method": "ocr", "page": 102, "variant": "plain-vision"}
36
any "UFOrians" will be to make still clearer that Klass has written a book
filled with sometimes ludicrous errors concerning plasma theory and related
He accuses the
"UFOrians" of having closed minds; looking at his
annaling of the DEO problem, I am left with the difficult choice of deciding
whether he, himself, has an even more tightly closed mind or whether the
glaring weakness of his book simply reflects his ignorance of elementary
principles of physics and electrical engineering. Rather than make that
choice, I split my opinion about down the middle on those two alternatives.
The principal points I would emphasize by way of critique of Klass'
plasma-UFO theory are the following:
1) He fails
to put numbers into his hypotheses where numbers are read-
1ly inserted.
The result is that he presents what may appear to be
plausible arguments because they contain some qualitatively plaus-
ible elements.
In this regard,
Quantita-
tive evaluations reveal serious difficulties, sometimes outright
absurdity, in instance after instance in the
writings of these two
›rincipal
proponents of the notion that UFOs are only misidentified
natural phenomena.
2)
Plasmas are notoriously unstable and evanescent, except when suit-
ably contained and provided with sustaining energy sources.
Klass
3)
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
4)
5)
6)
dents for which he offers no
suggestions as to what provides the
continuing energy sources of his plasmas, often over times of the
order of not only tens of seconds, but often tens of minutes.
In the one or two instances where Klass does actually propose some-
thing resembling an energy
source (powerline corona, TV antennas,
aircraft charge-leakage), it has been shown above that there are
fatal difficulties with his position.
Through a quite
astonishing series of misunderstandings, Klass
builds up a thesis to the effect that air pollutants are favorable
to plasma-formation, and from this, makes repeated deductions (such
as greater incidence of high-altitude UFOs because of more jets
polluting
the airways) of exorbitant nature.
That Klass would go
to press with such error-riddled ideas is surprising.
Through failure to understand elementary principles of atmospheric
electricity (the field in which he claims to be making discoveries),
he builds an error-chain extending from diurnal variation of atmos-
pheric potential gradient to diurnal variation of UFOs, and deduces
"explanation" of excess of rural over urban sightings.
FOr someone claiming to have uncovered an intriguing new phenomenon
of atmospheric electricity, Klass' ignorance of fundamentals of
that subject seems startling.
His claim to have accounted for the high frequency with which pilots
observe UFOs following aircraft falls apart completely on subjecting
the idea to quantitative assessment, as shown above.
His related
intimations that charged automobiles
and charged pedestrians also
attract plasma-UFOs are absurd.
It is to be stressed that the quan-
titative evaluation of that hypothesis involves only elementary
physics and, say, electrical engineering, yet no such evaluation
was made by
Klass. And, to add an extremely important criticism,
he overlooks dozens of well-reported cases wherein UFO maneuvers
would defy explanation in terms of his Coulomb-attraction hypothesis.

===== PAGE 103 =====
{"alpha_words": 543, "chars": 3446, "method": "ocr", "page": 103, "variant": "plain-vision"}
37
7) /
It seems entirely fair to suggest
that part of the reason for the
credence and attention given Klass' plasma-UFO hypothesis in press
and non-scientific journals rests on his being an electrical engi-
neer (the other part being, of course, his senior editorial posi-
tion with a well-krown ariation/aerospace magazine).
light, his almost incredible misconceptions about "mirror-image
charges",
as noted above in connection with the long-puzzling UFO
car-stopping problem, and the cited instance in which he was clearly
confusing voltage and voltage-gradient, not to mention the many mis-
conceptions about plasmas themselves, deserve the emphasis given to
them above.
Finally, the most pervasively distürbing feature of Klass' bookl8
frequency with which it relies on argument by innuendo,
argument by concatenation (to re-use the phrase employed above,
argument by juxtaposition - that is, his specious assembly of what
to many an unwary reader will look like a clever series of related
deductions, carried out in
the detective-story atmosphere that he
repeatedly tries
to create in his writing.
After giving that
annoying feature of his writing a good deal of thought, and after
reflecting on the high frequency of scientific errors in his writ-
ing, it is my guess that these arguments are probably not deviously
contrived to fool the reader but constitute reflection on the lack
of preparation of the author.
The reason that they need exposure,
however, is that
at the present time, the UFO problem is not yet
being fought-out in the usual context of serious scientific dis-
cussion.
The present major difficulty still remains that of con-
vincing a large number of persons (in the scientific community, in
science-related agencies, in Congress, and in the general
that the UFO problem is an extremely
serious scientific
problem
too long laughed out of court.
For this reason,
of easy acceptance already given to Klass in the press cannot be
Menzel's role in helping to foster the
impression, for many years now,that UFOs are all explainable in
quite conventional
terms has had very deleterious influence on the
Klass will now join Menzel in extending
that influence
if the serious deficiencies of his thesis are not held up to care-
ful scrutiny. It is for this reason that I have devoted so much
space here to what ought perhaps to be regarded as so unscientific
an exposition as to need no comment.
Summary and Conclusion
returning now to more positive considerations, let me stress that my owr
studies of the UFO problem have forced me to the conclusion that it is ar
international scientific problem of potentially enormous importance.
In my view, the hypothesis of an extraterrestrial origin for UFOs
appears (via argument by elimination of many alternative hypotheses) to be
the most satisfactory hypothesis to account for the impressive body of obser-
vational evidence that has been
accumulated over the past two decades of UFO
sightings.
Space has not permitted my confronting here the many obvious
challenges that such a position properly evokes; I have confrontea some OI
those elsewhere
in cited references.
Others are simply unanswerable in terms
of presently available information.
That's scarcely a new situation in the
history of science.
If there is admitted to be even a very slim possibility that UFOs are
extraterrestrial surveillance devices of some type (and I incline to that
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 104 =====
{"alpha_words": 239, "chars": 1569, "method": "ocr", "page": 104, "variant": "plain-vision"}
38
at present, as do many other serious students
of the UFo problem),
be obvious that a very energetic scientific investigation
of that possibility ought to be launched.
Instead, to date, world scien-
tific opinion still leans predominantly in the direction that UFOs con-
stitute a "nonsense problem", a bothersome host of reports of misidentified
natural phenomena.
However, one finds that the spokesmen who most strongly
emphasize that view are (with almost no exceptions) quite uninformed as
to
the real nature of the UFO evidence.
Ridicule and official mishandling of
the problem have kept the true nature of the UFO evidence well out of sight.
As one American writer recently quipped,
"The American public is
not telling
the Air Force the truth about UFOs.
This has been true on a global scale,
while the mass of evidence has grown steadily greater.
New, independent, vigorous UFO investigatory programs are sorely needed.
Investigators in countries other than the U.S. may have a superior opportu-
nity to make progress towards clarification of the UFO problem because they
will not be working against the long-standing prejudices so visible in
official U.S. handling of the subject.
the newly created Canadian UFO investigation at the University
be instituted in other countries in all parts of the world, to delve vigor-
ously and imaginatively into the fascinating and potentially world-shaking
problem of the Unidentified Flying Objects.
UFOs are, in my opinion, the greatest international scientific problem
of our times.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 105 =====
{"alpha_words": 292, "chars": 2354, "method": "ocr", "page": 105, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
REFERENCES
Mcdonald, J.E., "UFOs - Greatest Scientific Problem of Our Times?"
presented to Am. Soc. Newspaper Ed., April 22, 1967, Washington, D.C.
This, plus two other UFO statements by McDonald have been reproduced
for sale by the non-profit UFO Research Institute, Suite 311, 508 Grant
St., Pittsburgh, Pa., 15219.
"Report on the UFO Wave of 1947"
Available from
NICAP, 1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W., Washington, D. C., 20036. Bloecher's
study summarizes about 800 UFO' reports from a brief period in the summer
of 1947, when the UFO problem broke into public attention.
"The UFO Evidence", 1964, 184 pp.
Available from NICAP
Hate Ref.""." Hall's book is one of the most valuable of all references
on UFO reports and must be read by all persons attempting serious study
of the problem.
Stanton, I. J., "Flying Saucers: Hoax or Reality?", Belmont Books, NYC,
1966, 157 (paperback).
Young, Mort, "UFO: Top Secret", Simon and Schuster, NYC, 1967, 156 pp.
(paperback).
Ruppelt, E. J., "Report on the Unidentified Flying Objects", Ace Books,
NYC, 1956, 318 pp. (paperback).
Keyhoe, D. E. (Keyhoe has written four books on UFOs which, for brevity,
listed here only by title,
since the earlier ones
print), "Flying Saucers are Real"
(1950); "Flying Saucers from Outer
(1953); Flying Saucer Conspiracy" (1955); "Flying Saucers Top
McDonald, J. E., "Science, Technology, and UFOs", presented at United
Research Laboratories, Jan. 26, 1968.
Associated Press, June 30, 1954.
Launceston, Tas., Examiner, Oct. 18, 1960 and Oct. 29, 1960.
Menzel, D. H., and I. G. Boyd, "The World of Flying Saucers", Doubleday
& Co., Garden City, N.Y., 1963, 302 pp.
Olsen, I. M., "The Reference for Outstanding UFO Sighting Reports,"
UFOIRC, Box 57, Riderwood, Md., 21139.
Menzel, D. H., "Flying Saucers"
, Harvard univ. Press, Cambridge, 1953,
Menzel, D. H., ed.,
"Fundamental Formulas of Physics", Prentice-Hall, '
NYC, 1955, 765 pp.
Hill, R. G.,
"Some UFOs Identified"
, Air Force/Space Digest, February,
1960, vol. 51, No. 2, pp. 77-78.
Rayleigh, Lord, "The Theory of Sound", Vol. 1. Dover Publ., NYC, 1945,
480 pp.
August 22,
Oct. 3, 1966.
Philip J., "Plasma Theory May Explain Many UFOs," Aviation Week,
"Many UFOs are Identified as Plasmas"
, ibid.,
Klass, Philip J., "UFOs-Identified", Random House, NYC, 1968, 290 pp.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 106 =====
{"alpha_words": 229, "chars": 2172, "method": "ocr", "page": 106, "variant": "plain-vision"}
40
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
27.
28.
29.
30.
31.
32.
33.
34.
35.
36.
37.
Brand, W., "Der Kugelblitz", Henri Grand, Hamburg, 1923, 170 pp.
Dewan, E. M., "Eyewitness Accounts of Kugelblitz"
• Microwave Physics
Laboratory, AFCRI, CRD-125, March 1964, 71 pp.
Rayle, W. D., "Ball Lightning Characteristics", NASA Tech. Note D-3188,
Jan. 166, 38 pp.
McNally, J. R., "Preliminary
Report on Ball lightning," Oak Ridge Natl.
Laboratory, Rept. ONRL-3938, May, 1966, 25 pp.
Dewan, E. M., "Attempted Explanations of Ball Lightning", AFCRI Phys.
Res. Paper No. 67, Nov. 1964, 13 pp.
cosenier Pubi. co."
Elsevier
ed., "Problems of Atmospheric and Space Electricity",
Amsterdam, 1965, 616 pp.
Uman, M. A., and C.
W. Helstrom, "A Theory of Ball Lightning," J.
Geophys. Res., Vol. 71, April 15, 1966, p. 1975 ff.
Edwards,
R. C., and G. W. Brock, "Meteorological Aspects of Precipita-
tion Static,"
J. Met., Vol. 2, Dec. 1945, p. 205 ff.
Gunn, Ross, "Precipitation Electricity," in Compendium of Meteorology,
I. F. Malone, ed., Am. Met. Soc., 1951, 1334 pp.
Chalmers, J. A., "Atmospheric Electricity," Pergamon Press, London,
1957, 327 pp.
Faith, W. L., "Air Pollution Control", Wiley, New York, 1959, 259 pp.
Magill, P. L., F. R. Holden, and C. Ackley, editors, "Air Pollution
Handbook,"McGraw-Hill, New York, 1956.
Air Conservation Commission, Am. Assn.
for Adv. Sci., "Air Conserva-
tion," AAAS, Washington, D.C., 1965, 335 pp.
u. S. Dept. Health, Educ. and Welfare, "Motor Vehicles, Air Pollution,
and Health," U. S. Govt. Printing Off., Washington, D.C., 1962, 459 pp.
Bostick, w. H., "Experimental Study of Ionized Matter Projected Across
a Magnetic Field," Phys. Rev., 104, 292-299, 1956.
"New Light on 'Flying Saucers'", U. S. News and World Report,
March
20, 1967, p. 16.
cobis Dover PuGas NewCondu, 1558, Theory and Engineering Applica-
Francis, Gordon, "Ionization Phenomena in Gases," Butterworth Sci.
Publ., London, 1960, 300 pp.
Battan, L. J.,
"Radar Meteorology"
, Univ. Chicago Press, Chicago,
1959, 161 pp.
Vonnegut, B., C. B. Moore, and C. K. Harris, "Stabilization of a
High-voltage
Discharge by a Vortex, J. Met., 17, 468-471, 1960.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 107 =====
{"alpha_words": 546, "chars": 3582, "method": "ocr", "page": 107, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, AND UFOS
James E. McDonald*
Presented January 26, 1968, at a General Seminar of the
United Aircraft Research Laboratories, East Hartford, Conn.
Science has, over the past few centuries, erected a strong framework of
fact and theory that successfully compasses much of our experience.
On this
impressive and steadily rising framework are supported our ever-broadening
technologies - the kinds of technologies so well represented by the aerospace
technology in which many if you aré engaged.
These Laboratories here in East
Hartford where we are meeting today exemplify the symbiotic interrelations of
technology and science that mutually support and nurture both of these inpor-
tant activities of modern man.
Some Truisms About Science, Iechnology, and UFOs:
A truism about science that has strong bearing on what I shall be saying
22223
as we can be of today's
cumulative record of scientific exploration of the world about us, we cer-
tainly do not yet know all that deserves the name of fundamental scientific
Indeed, do we not all subscribe to the spirit of the closing
lines of Alfred Noyes' moving trilogy about science, "The Torchbearers",
"Who that has onde seen how truth leads on to truth
shall ever dare to set a bound to knowledge?"
A truism about technology that has strong bearing on what I shall be
saying about UFOs today is this: Given time, an edifice of expanding tech-
nology far more impressive than that which we see about us in 1967 could be
erected simply on the basis of the present stock of fundamental
scientific
knowledge. The magnitude of the technological edifice that will grow with
seemingly exponential increase of future scientific discoveries is vastly
greater, unforeseeably greater than our current technology.
A truism about modern man's outlook on nature and on his place therein
that has strong bearing on the present status of the UFO problem is this:
In his centuries-long struggle out of slavery to superstition and fear of the
supernatural, modern
science-oriented man has developed subtle but well-
ingrained dispositions to reject observations and reports of the anomalous
and the inexplicable; and that rejection is the more vehement the farther the
observations seem to lie beyond the pale of present-day science.
Finally, a truism about UFOs themselves:
Today, as for the past twenty
years of "the UFO era", a majority of scientists tend to view UFOs as a non-
sense problem, one deserving only scorn or silent disdain.
Throughout the
entire world, only a small handful of scientists have taken the trouble to
attempt direct checks on the puzzling
and recurrent reports of UFO phenomena;
compared with that handful, there has
been a large and rather vocal group who
have either explicity or indirectly ridiculed the notion that there might be
unconventional craft-like objects operating over our planet,
and their scoff-
ing has been based not upon extensive personal investigations of UFO reports
but primarily upon a priori considerations.
Most of this scorn has been
directed against the suggestion that UFOs are of extraterrestrial origin
(Ref. 1).
Because I shall be referring to this latter idea frequently here,
I shall use ETH to denote the extra-terrestrial hypothesis concerning UFOS.
imply the hypothesis that UFOs are some kind of extraterrestrial
probes or vehicles, products of
some technology other than our own.
* Dr. J. E. McDonald is Senior Physicist, Institute of Atmospheric Physics,
and Professor, Department of Meteorology, University of Arizona, Tucson.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 108 =====
{"alpha_words": 543, "chars": 3854, "method": "ocr", "page": 108, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
other Hypotheses Competitive with the ETH:
Although I shall not here examine them in any detail, it will be well to
list the principal alternative hypotheses for accounting for UFOs. One can
group them usefully into the following eight categories: 1) Hoaxes, fabrica-
tions, and frauds; 2) Hallucinations, mass hysteria, rumor phenomena; 3) Lay
misinterpretations of well-known physical phenomena
nomical, optical, etc.); 4) Advanced technologies (test vehicles, satellites,
re-entry phenomena, etc.); 5) Poorly understood physical phenomena (rare
atmospheric-electrical effects, cloud phenomena, plasmas of natural or tech-
nological origin, etc.); 6) Poorly understood psychological phenomena;
7) Extraterrestrial probes, i.e., the ETH; 8) Messengers of salvation and
occult truth.
Skeptical scientists with limited exposure to the UFO record generally
prefer to think that UFO reports can be explained adequately by some admix-
ture of hypotheses 1, 2, 3, and perhaps occasionally 4.
they have given
the existing UFO literature (Ref.
2) more than cursory inspection, they may
somewhat grudgingly add that possibly hypothesis 5 warrants study, since
something of real scientific interest
(perhaps in atmospheric physics, say)
might be learned by a closer examination of selected reports.
I have encountered a substantial number of skeptical laymen, aware that
many UFO reports seem to
comprise credible accounts of machine-like objects
maneuvering in our atmosphere in unusual manner, who prefer hypothesis 4.
In 1947 and 1948, when UFO reports first exploded into public attention,
hypothesis 4 was
a sensible working hypothesis.
However, persons familiar
with the state of present-day technology and with the serious difficulty of
keeping entirely secret any new and massive block of technology of the sort
that would be required
to produce craft matching the performance character-
istics of UFOs, do not today seriously consider hypothesis 4. I reject it
categorically as an explanation of any but occasional reports of inherently
small interest (re-entry luminosity, unaccounted sonic booms, sunlit con-
trails, etc.).
A recently-published
book by Bloecher (see Ref. 2) has strong
bearing on hypothesis 4, since Bloecher has uncovered over 800 UFO sightings
in an approximately two-week period in the summer of 1947, when the
saucers"
first received public attention.
Many of those reports are essen-
tially similar to 1967 sightings; so one seems forced to say that at least
as early as 1947 land probably substantially
earlier), the UFOs were with us.
To assert that some secret technology was, right after World War II, produc-
ing superlative vehicles still far beyond
the known state of propulsion tech-
nology should sound particularly unbelievable here
at United Aircraft. I say
that all such ideas centered on hypothesis 4 can be regarded as having only
vanishingly small probability of explaining the UFO puzzle.
Persons subscribing loften fervently) to hypothesis 8 have undoubtedly
contributed in a
significant way to discrediting
the UFO problem.
Cultist
and crackpot ideas abound in a garish "literature" of paperbacks and magazine
articles, mainly aimed at the suggestion that the Space Brothers from Venus,
Mars, and
Saturn are here to save us
atomic state of the upper atmosphere with H-bomb radiations".
visible group is frequently identified by scientists as constituting the
totality of those who take seriously the UFO problem.
students of the UFO problem together with the cultist-crackpot fringe is an
error that results simply from limiting one's examination to a superficial,
arnchair approach to the UFO record.
One can, in fact, easily
and quickly
separate the crackpots and identify the serious investigators. Regrettably
few scientists have yet taken the trouble to do so (Ref. 3).
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 109 =====
{"alpha_words": 624, "chars": 4060, "method": "ocr", "page": 109, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3
Mirages and Ball Lightning:
One of the
few scientists who have examined
a substantial number of UFO
reports and still scorn hypothesis 7 is Dr. Donald H. Menzel, former Director
of Harvard Observatory. His second book (Ref. 4) is chiefly aimed at explain-
ing UFOs in terms of hypothesis 3 and especially in terms of atmospheric-
physical phenomena (refractive anomalies,
mirages, meteorological optical
eitects, etc.).
In a small fraction of all the reports he treats, he adduces
hypotheses 1, 2, or 4; but mainly he stresses hypothesis 3. I have elsewhere
(Ref. 5) cited a number of specific examples of objections to Dr. Menzel's
approach in explaining away UFO reports.
A characteristic defect of his
treatment is,
in my opinion, his use of
arguments that are perhaps qualita-
ively reasonable but definitely not quantitatively reasonable.
In other
instances, I would object that
le simply ignores essential parts of the sight-
ing in arriving at his conclusion.
In the famous July 24, 1948, Chiles-Whitted sighting over Montgomery,
Alabama, involving two experienced Eastern Airlines pilots, Dr. Menzel insists
"meteor" explanation of the fast, glowing object that passed a DC-3 on
near-collision course, despite the clear-cut testimony by both men that, just
as the object passed on their starboard side, it executed an abrupt pull-up.
I have recently interviewed both Chiles
and Whitted, confirming this important
point and many others that cannot be squared with the "meteor" explanation
that Dr. Menzel stresses,
that Air Force consultant Dr. J. A. Hynek first pro-
posed in 1949, and that Air Force Project Bluebook officially accepted
explanation a half-dozen years ago (see, c.g.,
Ref. 6).
Both pilots reiterated
to me, quite recently, that each saw square
ports or windows along the side oft
the fuselage-shaped object from the rear of
which a cherry-red wake emerged,
extending back 50-100 feet aft of the object.
To term this a "meteor" is not
even qualitatively reasonable.
One can reject the testimony; but reason for-
bids calling the object a meteor.
Another example of both Dr. Menzel's and Project Bluebook's insistence on
explanations that are not even qualitatively reasonable can be found in a
multiple-witness sighting at Vandalia, Ohio on the morning of March 8, 1950.
sighted in daytime condition by several
pilots in the air (hence viewing the glowing object through a windshield and
viewing it from a moving platform), Dr. Menzel concludes
(with Bluebook) that
was a case of the planet Venus misidentified
That ground radar
at Wright Patterson AFB got an echo from the unknown, he explains away as due
to a radar return from an "ice cloud", ignoring the point that only in the
closing portions of the extended observation were clouds present.
pilots were scrambled and, by Dr. Menzel's own admission, had no difficulty in
climbing up with the object in steady view
(until a cloud deck
finally inter-
Anyone who has tried to find Venus and then to keep it located while
in even the slightest distractive activity will surely agree that it
is essentially out of the question for a fighter-pilot to execute flight
maneuvers and keep Venus identified in daytime conditions.
Still more quali-
tatively unreasonable is the testimony of one of the commercial airline pilots,
whom I have quite recently located and interviewed.
IWA Capt. Dean Miller,
the object dead ahead of his plane,
in a direction
not at all matching Venus' sky-location; and, while he had it
well in sight,
observed the shiny or glowing elongated object move out from its hovering
position and climb through a
ninety-degree are to another position again
inconsistent with Venus' position in the southeastern sky. The fact that one
military pilot objected to the Bluebook Venus explanation on grounds that he
looked in the same part of the sky the following day and found no such object
as he had pursued in his F-51, Dr. Menzel explains away as follows:
"...weather conditione the first day would have distorted
the image and made it unlike the pale light of Venus

===== PAGE 110 =====
{"alpha_words": 628, "chars": 4076, "method": "ocr", "page": 110, "variant": "plain-vision"}
occasionally visible in the aaytime.
It was not visible
at all the following day because of different waather
conditions.
Are any quantitative arguments offered to support such a conclusion? No.
As a matter of fact, for the substantial angular altitude of Venus at the
time of this protracted ground-air-radar observation, nothing but direct
smoke- or cloud-obscuration could comprise a
"weather
condition" that would
significantly affect the difficult task of finding Venus in the daytime sky.
I here add to my previous criticisms of Dr. Menzel's approach to the UFO
problem because he has had what I can only view as a deleterious influence
on scientific thinking about the UFO problem.
A scientific colleague of
mine, who was in Russia not many months ago, asked many Russian astronomers
how they felt about the UFO problem and was told by most that Menzel had
explained the whole thing quite satisfactorily.
I strongly disagree.
of his explanations are acceptable, but the bulk of them do not seem to me
to constitute reasonable assessments of the facts.
Because we always have
more to learn, most scientists approaching the
UFO problem for the first time will surely keep hypothesis 5 well in mind.
There may be still-poorly understood atmospheric or even astronomical
phenomena which are being misinterpreted by observers as vehicular objects
of unconventional nature.
I agree with the importance of repeatedly assess-
ing this possibility and
carefully matching it against the details of well-
reported UFO observations.
The serious difficulty with this hypothesis is
posed by the many reports
from apparently quite credible witnesses in which
the object seen is entirely too much like a fabricated product of technology
(i.e., machinelike) to warrant an explanation, say, in terms of some poorly
understood plasma phenomena.
I have said before (Ref. 5) that attempts to
account for the core of the UFO problem in terms of corona-discharge and
ball lightning effects represent failure to confront the fact that the bulk
of the important cases are not even remotely like such plasmoids. In my
opinion, Philip J. Klass, one of the editors of Aviation Week, has yet to
advance arguments
adequate to support his repeated contentions that UFOs are
simply various types of plasmoids.
• be sure, plasma-like glows accompan
lany nighttime reports of high credibility, but daytime reports of formation
of disc-like objects flying overhead or pacing aircraft under fair weather
conditions are not as easily subsumed under the plasmoid heading as Klass
would suggest.
A report of seemingly high credibility which, interestingly enough, was
jointly heard from the eye-witnesses by Dr. Menzel, Mr. Klass, and myself,
along with several hundred editors of major American papers (April 22,
session of the American Society of Newspaper Editors, Washington, D.C.) is a
case in point.
afternoon of May 21, 1966, we
were told, Mr. William
C. Powell and Miss Muriel McClave were flying in a Luscombe over Willow
Grove, Pennsylvania, at about 4500 ft altitude, with 15-mile visibility.
Powell, the pilot, has 18,000 hours to his flying
record (RCAF, AAF, KIM,
and executive-transport work currently). After a flight of Navy jets
climbed out under his wing from Willow Grove NAS, Powell spotted an object
closing on the jets from their rear. Noting absence of a vertical tail-fin,
he watched more closely and saw it make an abrupt (no-bank, no-slewing) turn
of about 150 to 160 degrees
and head for his aircraft.
He and Miss McClave
watched it approach on seeming collision course at their level, until it
passed their starboard wing
at a distance Powell put
at perhaps 100 yards.
Powell said,
"It was just like looking at a Cadillac."
The object, no
Cadillac,
was described by both as a domed disc, of diameter 30 to
40 feet,
with a bright white dome on a red discoid base.
One can reject the testi-
mony here, of course; but it would not seem reasonable to try to account for
this as some refraction anomaly or other aberration of meteorological optics,
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 111 =====
{"alpha_words": 629, "chars": 4039, "method": "ocr", "page": 111, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5
nor is
it reasonable to assert that here was some peculiar fair-weather
variant of ball lightning.
Examples equally difficult to force into those
pigeonholes are very
easily multiplied, but the time at my disposal here
precludes the kind of extensive recapitulation of cases
that can be adduced
in support of my position (see reis. ‹ and 5 for more examples).
I have now made brief comments about all of the listed hypotheses except
6, the psychological hypothesis.
Having discussed this one with many psy-
chologists,
I am forced to the conclusion that it is quite unlikely that UFO
reports will prove to be some globally-epidemic wave of hallucination or
psychosis, interesting and significant as this would be. I shall not here
say more about it, despite having given it much thought.
My list of eight hypotheses is not exhaustive because other hypotheses
still more bizarre than, say, numbers 7 or 8 can be proposed (time-travel,
hidden terrestrial societies, mad millionaires with secret laboratories,
etc.). However, those eignt cover te most commonly proposed ldeas advanced
by persons seeking to explain the enigma of the UFOs, and perhaps I have now
offered adequate suggestion of why I reject most of
those.
The Official Air Force Project Bluebook Position:
Since I have presented
a fairly long discussion of the Air Force position
and the history of its handling of the UFO problem elsewhere (Ref. 5), I shall
not do more than summarize here. As I studied the Air Force record,
it ap-
peared to me that, following an
important turning point of 1953 (Robertson
Panel), the official objective has been to debunk
"flying saucers" as a non-
sense
problem
that imposes a bothersome public relations burden on the Air
Force.
From
visits to Wright-Patterson AFB and discussions with a number of
persons affiliated with Project Bluebook, I conclude that only abysmally
limited
scientific competence has been brought to the study of UFOs within
Air Force circles in the past fifteen years.
time,
the scientific community and the public were repeatedly assured that
substantial scientific talent was being used in Air Force UFO studies.
was untrue, and I believe that it has been scientifically disastrous
studies that this image was steadfastly built up.
Jerome Stanton, in a valuable analysis of the history of the UFO problem
(Ref. 7),
speaks of
that a scientific investigation of UFOs was going on when in fact nothing of
santor une way twich the rote hitory a ti
the kind was being done."
Stanton asserts that "
•..until the well-publicized
sightings of 1965
serious effort to do more than narrow down the
residue of unknowns to as small a percentage as possible appears to have been
made."
I would feel obliged to comment that what he calls
"serious effort"
is not to be confused with "competent scientific effort"; to me, the record
reveals only a rather low-powered, low-priority whitewash job by
a very tiny
project (three persons: officer,
sergeant, secretary, as of 1966 when I
visited Bluebook) .
Stanton, after reviewing a few instancesof the many out-
rageously unscientific UFO
evaluations that Bluebook has issued over past
years asks:
...What is the motive for identifications so absurd that they
fool no one, destroy public confidence, and insult and anger the people who
report such things in good faith?"
He rejects,
as do I, the suggestion
the Air Force knows the UFOs are extraterrestrial and are trying
public panic.
He concludes, as I have on basis of all evidence I have seen
to date, that we confront here no grand conspiracy, but rather an incompe-
tently handled operation devoid of scientific talent.
Another journalist who has, like Stanton, recently surveyed UFO history,
comes up with a rather different conclusion.
In another one of the few valu-
able UFO books to appear in a recent flood
of bad ones, Mort Young (Ref. 6)
prefers the "grand conspiracy" hypothesis.
He states that, "the Governmerit
is trying to keep flying saucers out of the realm of serious, public
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 112 =====
{"alpha_words": 597, "chars": 3761, "method": "ocr", "page": 112, "variant": "plain-vision"}
€
discussion," and presents a number of
cases which, I agree, constitute a form
of coverup. Where I would
(at present)
disagree with Young is in his equat-
ing the sum of many such coverups to a "grand conspiracy". Rather, I remain
on record as regarding them as just a lot of little coverups of the type that
can become all too common in a military milieu, especially when a highly vis-
ible official
position would be embarrassed by a policy of candor.
The UFO problem has been so badly mishandled, for so many years, by
Project Bluebook that it is almost easier to imagine this part of a grand
design of some high-level intelligence agency than to accept the conclusion
that any program could possibly be handled so ineptly.
I have to concede
point to those who criticize my position when they stress, "It's hard to
imagine that they could be that incompetent."
Readers unfamiliar with
UFO
history cannot possibly appreciate
torce oi that argument against
what I nevertheless defend as the "grand foulup" alternative to the
conspiracy" hyzothesis for interpreting cfficial bluebook hardliry of tana
UFO problem.
record, let me reiterate (see Ref. 5) that I have never been dog-
PHOTOCOPY FROM
matic about insisting the "grand foulup" theory, and I have never scoffed at
those knowledgeable students of the UFO
sensible alternative, "grand conspiracy, problem who defend the only seemingly
The existence of repeated small (?)
UFO coverups so confuses the issue that one cannot be certain.
The group
which I regard as having made by far the most
significant contribution toward
past clarification of the UFO question,
the National Investigations Committee
on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP, wasnington, D.C.), nas always inclined toward the
grand conspiracy
theory.
Before anyone
casually pooh-poohs their position,
he will do well to make himself aware of the body of evidence upon which NICAP
has based its preference for that theory. I have attempted to examine much of
that evidence and can only say that it is impressive, puzzling, and
caution in defense of the grand foulup interpretation.
Yet, to repeat, I
still see a larger fraction of the total visible evidence explained as
foulup than as high-level coverup.
It is a big question, and I cannot do much
more in this limited space towards elaborating my position than the above.
For deserved emphasis, I wish to repeat a statement that I made to the
American Society of Newspaper Editors (Ref. 5) on the grand conspiracy theory:
If that theory
does in fact prove to be correct, that is, if we ultimately
learn that for the past fifteen or more years it has been accepted at some
high level in our intelligence machinery that UFOs are extraterrestrial sur-
veillance devices, while a studied effort has been maintained to conceal that
from domestic and foreign scientific view,
outraged body of scientists throughout the world who will ask how a decision
is throughout the vote who
then I shall be only one of an
to conceal such information from the world scientific community could have
been arrogated to itself by any national intelligence or military organiza-
I have made this same statement before a number of scientific audiences
in recent months, and I am deeply troubled to find that more
that such deception is out of the question.
further this line of thought, important as it is in the minds of all who have
diligently examined the UFO evidence; to dwell too long on these points before
a group not already thoroughly familiar with the incredible history of the UFO
is to invite criticis of forgetting the primary scientific issues at
Just let one remark summarize:
that one of the by-products of exten-
sive study of the UFO record is a puzzled preoccupation with the coverup vs.
foulup question.

===== PAGE 113 =====
{"alpha_words": 638, "chars": 3964, "method": "ocr", "page": 113, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evidence For and Against the Extraterrestrial Hypothesis:
The ETH seems, of course, absurdly improbable on both
inspection. One has two choices:
intrasolar-system origin, or origin in a
planetary system of some distant star.
The cultist easily brings in his
spaceships from Venus, Mars, Saturn,
sometimes even Jupiter and Neptune,
and does not bat an eye as he relates being told by the Space Brothers that
Venus has cities and streets, fields and
farms, running rivers and
streams,
timbered hills - the works.
However, scientists aware of the growing body
of knowledge concerning conditions on
the other planets of the
solar system
find it difficult to imagine that a high technology could possibly exist on
any other planet of our solar system, utterly fascinating as such a concep-
tion might be.
That's too bad, since it crowds into a tight corner the supporter of the
He is, quite properly, confronted with the challenge to come up with
some answer as to how the UFOs cross
the vast reaches of interstellar space
in reasonable intervals of time.
that challenge lies the heart, I believe,
of most present scientific rejection of the ETH - a seemingly insuperable pro-
pulsion problem.
Markowitz (Ref. 1) has recently made much of this,
earlier Purcell and others have examined the problem with rather discouraging
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
My own inclination (supported by months of study of the UFO evidence) is
to appeal to the implications of that boundless future of science and tech-
nology that we seem
to be able to discern as
an extrapolation of our own
present-day progress.
What seemed absurdly impossible a century ago, we do
today and take it for granted.
A few weeks before the wrights flew, noted
astronomer Simon Newcomb published
an article showing why heavier-than-air
flight by man was out of the question.
His error was simple:
he failed to
reckon with
the possibility that engines of sufficiently low weight-to-power
ratio would be produced; he must have
known only of Hiram Maxim's monstros-
The wrights got off
the ground at Kitty Hawk with an engine of
15 1b/hp; Manley, Langley's
assistant, had one operating at about the same
time with
a ratio of only 3.6 lb/hp.
By World War Il that crucial ratio was
driven below 1.0 1b/hp.
And as the
ratio went down, absolute thrust ratings
went up; imagine how Newcomb's aplomb would have been shattered
thrust-test on a Pratt & Whitney turbojet
in the 50, 000-16 class, only one
later than his "conclusive" 1903 analysis.
Propulsion is indeed very much at the heart of the ETH puzzle.
So com-
pare Goddard's 1935 record of a rocket ascent to a then-impressive
7500- ft
altitude with our rocket-technology 30 years later - and then reflect that,
broadly speaking, this progress was made on the basis of scientific funda-
mentals already available well before 1935.
That is, this stunning gain came
without any truly new scientific insights, "merely" through improvements in
innumerable contributing technologies.
When one reflects
a bit along
lines, and recalls that, months after the first success at Kitty Hawk, Dayton
newspapers refused to run any stories about all those silly rumors that two
brothers were actually Ilying
a machine along the interurban line on the out-
skirts of town
(it just didn't make sense), then one is disinclined to be
overpowered by arguments of those who, like Markowitz, would reject the ETH
on grounds that nothing in our existing propulsion technology and
nothing in
currently foreseeable technology makes "sense" out of the notion of inter-
stellar travel.
To be sure, we don't yet have any red hot ideas for getting
out to Tau Ceti; but the pace and tempo of our own technology ought to give
pause to those who would insist that there are no Tau Cetians who can do that
which we still regard impossible.
I like to put it in this way: Imagine the consternation, the sheer dis-
belief of a Solomon Islander who, with only the most shadowy prior contact

===== PAGE 114 =====
{"alpha_words": 640, "chars": 3912, "method": "ocr", "page": 114, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8
with twentieth-century industrial-scientific technology, suddenly found him-
self witness to a 1942 amphibious invasion.
How could
the mind of one still
Age encompass arrival of dozens of enormous ships of all shapes,
from which fire, smoke and unpleasant crashing noises spewed, and from some
ot which stil other smaller ships were discharged, only to have the latter
run up on
the beach and disgorge a bewildering variety of men and moving
devices out of which
more noise and fire came.
Imagine his puzzlement to
then see dozens of aircraft move over, drop bombs, strafe, and engage in
intricate air conbat with
still other
aircraft, the like of which we are to
imagine
One can pursue this metaphor much
farther, obviously, and I believe it is a good exercise for those inclined to
For we may
be like the Solomon Island Stoneager
relative to the bewildering variety and number of UFOs that seem to be cred-
ibly reported as operating in our environment.
We cannot understand how any
society could produce
such devices,
accomplish such feats, display as many
craft of such unprecedented performance characteristics, and do things that
to us border on the miraculous.
But remembering the Solomons invasion may
give us perspective on our own present situation; and thinking about how our
own technology has forged ahead in mere decades may give us second thoughts
about Science, Technology, and UFOs.
So What? And So Where Next?
I'm glad to report that I have been asked that by only one or
two scientists out of the hundreds to whom I have been speaking about UFOs in
the past year or so.
One ought not need to emphasize that if the ETH is cor-
rect, it would constitute one of the most startling scientific revelations of
(Scientists need not look for Nobel prize material herein; the
priority credit for judiciously arriving at and publishing the ETH concept
appears assignable to writer Maj. Donald E. Keyhoe; his 1950 journal of pub-
lication was frue Magazine!)
Not only would science move ahead enormously, once it got over what can
only be predicted as a dreadful shock of recognition, if the ETH is cor-
rect, but also the technological gains that could accrue from contact with
study of a technological
society far beyond ours could be enormous.
cannot refrain from smiling a bit at some of the arguments made in recent
years in support of efforts at interstellar communication, arguments center-
ing around what I like to call the "interstellar brain drain"
• the leap ahead
we'd enjoy if we could make radio- or other remote-contact with high civili-
zations far out in the galaxy.
But, in principle, that argument makes good
sense; doubters can review some facets of it in Cameron's book (Ref. 8).
Still, there might be other consequences of a full confrontation of the
UFO problem, consequences unforeseeable and even fraught with hazard
all. I like to think not; and twenty-plus years of evidence provides a good
deal of reassurance, I believe.
Freeman Dyson has waved aside unwarranted
optimism about the benevolence of advanced technologies and has remarked that,
for
all we know, technology may be
a cancer sweeping
across the Galaxy.
Possibly; but I'm glad to report that a close look at the UFO evidence
not suggest that we are about to be given an exposure to such a virus.
What a closer look at the UFO evidence does, however, suggest is this:
Current scientific attitudes towards the UFO problem must be radically
We must stop smugly laughing at "all those nuts" who see UFOs,
stop accepting hollow assurances from the official agency that has so long
and so incredibly mishandled the UFO problem,
and stop
assuming that the very
idea of our being under extraterrestrial surveillance is so amusingly absurd.
In past months, I have been at most of the Washington agencies one might
expect to take a new, hard look at UFOs. To sum up briefly my results -
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 115 =====
{"alpha_words": 595, "chars": 3761, "method": "ocr", "page": 115, "variant": "plain-vision"}
zero-point-zer gearch
Despite NASA's claim that it has keyed its whole space
for Life in space"
• NASA seems
not to be even slightly
interested in looking into the UFO problem. Other science-oriented agencies
may see subtle political hazards in moving
into the UFO problem.
Congress
seems indisposed to initiate any action. And at every turn one hears, "wait
till Colorado makes its report.
The Condon Committee:
After the 1965 summer wave of sightings and a long series of editorial
criticism (Refs. 5, 7), the Air Force took steps to do something about UFOs.
I have talked with
enough persons directly and indirectly associated with the
sequence of events that led from that August, 1965, epoch to the October,
1966, announcement of a $300,000 project at the University of Colorado, to
entirely confident in saying that public relations difficulties.
scientific considerations, were of dominant importance in the establishment
of the project now headed
at Colorado by Dr. E. U. Condon.
Frankly, my early hopes that the Condon Committee would work vigorously
and open-mindedly to unravel the UFO problem have
dimmed very considerably
as time has gone by.
This is not the place to elaborate in detail my
pessimism; but I must say,
candidly, that I no longer view Dr. Condon's
approach
as either scientifically vigorous or scientifically very open-minded.
Dr. Condon has stated directly to me that he is not himself interested in
doing any interviewing of the witnesses in the classic cases which have led
to the very problem he took on.
And he has repeatedly indicated an almost
whinsical preoccupation with the crackpot and cultist aspects of the UFO
problem.
I submit that one
can easily and with confidence make a very effec-
separation of the irrelevant crackpot material from that warranting
scientific attention; hence, I find it difficult to justify Dr. Condon's
interest in the crackpot aspects to exclusion of consideration of reports of
pilots, scientists, engineers, law enforcement officers, and all the other
credible witnesses
testimony has been so impressive to most who have
been willing to examine it at first hand.
I had hopes that the Condon Committee would prove a turning point in
scientific confrontation of the UFO problem, and I fully understand how
it is in Washington to say,
"Let's wait for Colorado."
It makes sense; but
only in Washington - not in those circles where a large volume of UFO evidence
has already been weighed. In such circles, the present situation appears
gloomy because of Dr. Condon's publicly expressed attitudes.
There are issues so sensitive here that I cannot fully discuss them in
the present context.
But a basic prerequisite seems now to get some entirely
new study underway, entirely removed from sponsorship by any of the agencies
that have had any past responsibility for UFO studies. I do not here cry,
"Whitewash! " I do not see whitewashing underway.
I see, instead, a lot of
whose minds have long been made up about UFOs, going through motions
that are not scientifically
motivated, and moving in directions that do not
augur well for early clarification of the UFO problem.
The situation is gloomy enough that there are days when, despite my hav-
been driven by my studies ever farther towards support of the ETH, with
of its profound implications, I almost wish someone would come along and
show conclusively that UFOs are just "something seen by a lot of nuts,"
nothing more.
Then I could forget the whole thing and get back to what I was
working on when I decided, in the spring of 1966, to take my first close 100k
at the full history of the UFO problem.
But that hope, I know, is futile.
The evidence is just not that weak and
vulnerable. Quite the opposite.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 116 =====
{"alpha_words": 571, "chars": 3640, "method": "ocr", "page": 116, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
Hence, for the moment, the best plea
I can make to you,
as fellow-
scientists,
is to try to do as a number of us have, take a closer look at
the UFO evidence and decide for yourselves.
Evidently the need is for
much greater weight of scientific opinion pleading for a vigorous investi-
gation backed by
ample resources.
I have elsewhere indicated some of the
approaches that I think need to be used (Ref. 5); at
the moment, the problem
seems to be slipping back to the prior level of convincing the appropriate
agencies and persons in Washington that there really is a problem here.
The
latter task was the one task many of us hoped Dr. Condon would perform when
he took on the UFO study.
Instead, he appears to be deepening the problem
by virtue of his evidently slight interest in the whole business.
A Longer-Range View:
After about eighteen months of study and direct interviewing of about
hree hundred witnesses in important UFO cases, I can say to you that I see
the UFO problem as one of extraordinary scientific importance.
1 regara the ETH as the most probable hypothesis to explain the UFO
evidence.
To go from that expression of hypothesis-preference
to a position
of claiming adequate proof is no small step, needless
to say.
That step will
not be taken until quite large financial resources are behind monitoring and
observational programs, supported by budgets that will probably dwarf the
present NASA budgets.
that step will not be taken until large numbers
of scientists in many disciplines begin to confront the enormously intriguing
questions posed by the UFOs.
If my remarks to you today serve in any small
measure to
increase the number of scientists and engineers seriously con-
cerned with the UFO problem, I shall consider my time well spent.
References and Notes
1. Markowitz, W., Science,
157, 1274, 1967.
Markowitz, in concluding,
expressed his
fear that "ist-century science will contemplate with
wonder the fact that, in an age of science such as ours, the U. S. Air
Force was required to sponsor repeated studies of UFOS.
Dr. Edward U.
Condon, director of a current UFO investigation sponsored by the U. S.
Air Force, in an interview of Sept. 27, 1967, with the Rocky Mountain
News, was quoted as agreeing in general with
Markowitz, and more speci-
fically paraphrased Markowitz by saying that "the 2lst century may die
laughing (when it looks back on the
many things we have done).
This
(the Colorado UFO study) may be one."
He stated, "I'm almost inclined
to think such studies ought to be discontinued
unless someone comes up
with a new idea on how to approach the problem."
2.
The totality of UFO "literature" includes much that is scientifically
worthless.
I regard as the outstanding contribution to the more solid
UFO literature The UFO Evidence, edited by R. H. Hall, and published
(1964) by NICAP, 1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W., Washington, D.C., 20036.
Another very recent addition to the UFO literature that deserves wide
study is a book by I. R. Bloecher, Report on the UFO have of 1947, also
available from NICAP.
Recent, useful books by Stanton and Young
cited below.
An earlier and quite significant reference is E. J.
Ruppelt's Report on the Unidentifiea Firing (berte, Doubleday, 1956
(currently available as an Ace paperback).
A useful source on
tion of about 160 interesting cases is The Referred for Outstanding UFO
fighting Reporte, available from UFOIRC, Box 57, Riderwood, Maryland,
others could be cited, but the main point stressed
here is that
there do exist references from which a reliable estimate of the nature
of the UFO problem may be drawn.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 117 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 3250, "method": "ocr", "page": 117, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11
3.
Predisposition to identify the entire UFO problem with the crackpot
aspects was particularly well-documented in the views expressed by a
number of scientists interviewed
as part of an hour-long program pro-
duced in the "CBS Reports" series, on May 10, 1966, titled "UFO:
Friend, Foe or Fantasy."
could only conclude from this
program that scientists believe that UFOs are seen and discussed almost
entirely by persons who have "a need
for miracles", a "need to believe"
My own investigative experience runs exactly counter to this: I have
found that the
"believers" are
hardly interested at all in UFO reports
per se, not needing them to back up their firm convictions. And by
contrast, the impressive reports come from responsible persons whose
typical reluctance to come forward and report what they have seen
results from concern that they in no way be confused with such
"believers."
Scientists who condemn UFO witnesses as
"believers"
deserve strong criticism for their non-scientific behavior:
4. Menzel, D. H., The Worli of Flying Saucers, Doubleday, Garden City, New
York, 1963.
The book is subtitled, "A Scientific Examination of a Major
Myth of the Space Age."
5. McDonald, J. E., UFOs - Greatest ¿cientific Problem of Our Times? pre-
sented
to the American Society of Newspaper Editors,
Washington, D.C.,
April 22, 1967.
Copies of this presentation have been reproduced for
sale by UFORI
(formerly Pittsburgh Subcommittee of NICAP), Suite 311,
508 Grant Street, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 15219. The ASNE material
is combined with material presented to the Outer Space Affairs Group of
the United Nations and material presented to the District of Columbia
Chapter, American Meteorological Society by the same writer. Inquiries
should be sent to the indicated address.
6.
Young, Mort, UFO: Iop secret, Simon & schuster, New York, 1967 (paper-
back).
Stanton, I. Jerome, Fling Saucers: Hoax or Reality, Belmont Books,
New York, 1966 (paperback).
8.
Cameron, A. J. W., Interstellar Communication, W. A. Benjamin, Inc.,
New York, 1963.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
ADDENDUM
In the discussion following the UARL presentation on 1/26/68, a number
of floor-questions asked what specific scientific programs or investigations
the speaker would recommend to achieve clarification of the UFO problem.
indicated, a number of such recommendations are already presented in Ref.
brief summary of possible scientific investigations is appended
below for completeness.
As someone has observed, the most important step in solving any problem
is to recognize that there is a problem.
The scientific community will take
this step only when a substantial number of scientists have investigated
enough past and current UFO reports to sense that (a) an astonishingly large
body of observations by credible observers points to the presence of entirely
unconventional machine-like objects maneuvering in our global airspace,
(b) that this has been occurring for more than 20 years, and (d) that despite
all official assurances, there has never been any substantial scientific
examination of this body of observations.
One might hope that the Condon
Committee will accomplish this first step, though basis for optimism thereon
seems to be diminishing.

===== PAGE 118 =====
{"alpha_words": 638, "chars": 4308, "method": "ocr", "page": 118, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Assuming accomplishment of Step I, a first escalation of scientific
effort would be justified.
A number of task groups should be created to
investigate certain specific questions:
An extremely intensive examina-
tion should be made, on an international basis, of all known sighting reports
from all accessible parts of the world.
I would estimate that we probably
know of less
than ten per cent of all
sightings, due to the
"ridicule lid'
olding them below the level of visibility.
This lid will immediately dis-
appear upon accomplishment of Step 1, witt
the result that an order-of-magni-
tude increase in reports may be expected to come to the surface almost
immediately.
As with past reports,
not all will be significant.
by securing
full cooperation of press and other media, rapid clarification
of what constitutes a worthless report, what constitutes a significant report
Very quickly be communicated to persons in most of the countries of the
Such an educational program poses no
intrinsic problems, although it
would require a degree of cooperation between mass media and scientists that
does not now exist
with respect to UFOs.
Step 1 being
accomplished, that
degree of cooperation would appear instantly, in my opinion.
(b) In order
to undertake the first adequate quantitative
analysis of significant patterns
of movements and appearances of UFOs over the globe,
computer processing of
the suddenly increased body of available reports would be necessary.
of Step 2a
would have to be made with
careful regard to Step 2b, to
effective data-handling and data-retrieval of the large body of
observational
material that would have to be processed.
At the start (first few months
only), limitations of number of
with adequate familiarity with
UFO problem would be a handicap.
My own experience leads me to suggest that
a crash-training program could be confined
to a period of at most two to
three months for the personnel doing the design work for steps 2a and 2b.
Fortunately, as stressed in Ref. 2 above, there does, in fact, exist a quite
usable UFO literature upon which to draw
in this initial training effort.
Once new reporting procedures and reporting questionnaires were designed
compatibility with
adequate data-processing, something like three or four
hundred scientists in the physical and
could be engaged in
Steps 2a and 2b in a number of investigative centers distributed around the
(c) Concurrently, special investigative groups, not primarily con-
cerned with interviewing or data-processing, should attack selected questions
that appear to be of high priority.
For example, the moot point of UFO dis-
turbances in large power systems clearly warrants exceedingly careful scrutiny.
I know of about a dozen instances in which there seems to be evidence for such
disturbances; there is
much more evidence indicating frequent presence of UFOs
near power facilities without any apparent system-disturbances.
The fact that
a number of UFO observations accompanied the Northeast Blackout of Nov. 9,
is not widely known; that many smaller-scale electrical disturbances
appear to have accompanied close passage of a UFO is also not generally appre-
ciated.
Engineers and physicists should pursue this question as one that
might involve
"hazard considerations"; their objective would be to reject or
otherwise pass on the current suspicion of some
students of the UFO problem
that a potentially serious problem could exist in this area.
Secondly, the
large category of automobile-stopping cases warrants intensive study by
engineers and physicists to try to draw from available reports implications
for the possible mechanism of this frequent process.
Magnetic effects come
under serious suspicion here, though it is difficult to propose any single
adequate mechanism at present.
Thirdly, the long-rumored but only superfi-
cially studied cases of aircraft-interferences might be studied by persons
suitable backgrounds,
given completely free entry into all necessary
Fourthly, historians of various specialties should be urged to begin
critical
of pre-1900 sightings
that seem to bear provocative similarity
to current sightings.
The important "airship episode" of 1896-7 constitutes
only a single such topic warranting the most careful study. Much amateur
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 119 =====
{"alpha_words": 625, "chars": 4160, "method": "ocr", "page": 119, "variant": "plain-vision"}
13
speculation on pre-1800 sightings is, at present, worthless; scholarly scru-
tiny of this curious body of early reports night, in light of new
insights
gained from other parts of the escalated UFO studies, shed new and important
light on whether the UFO phenomena have been going on for much
few decades.
This has potentially important bearing on "hazard considera-
obvious reasons.
Flithly, psychologists and psychiatrists should
substantial subgroup of reports (usually skirted by
physical scientists such as myself) in which seemingly credible and
observers have reported paranormal, psychological experiences in conjunction
UFO observations.
Details will be skirted here, in keeping with my
usual unwillingness to become
too specific on this matter lying well outside
my own area of competence.
Sixthly, the
"occupant problem" should be search-
ingly explored by psychologists and biologists, armed with the most complete
available assemblage of reports from all parts
of the globe concerning
observers who have reported seeing one or another type of "creature"
" "entity",
"humanoid", etc.,
emerge from UFOs.
At present,
this subset of UFO reports
is getting essentially no solid scientific attention.
Accomplishment of
Step 1 would immediately push this subset into a position of prominent impor-
I, myself, can only say that I am deeply puzzled by the large number
of "occupant"
reports of which I now have knowledge. I make no present judg-
ment, however, as to their significance.
(In addition to the cited special
programs, a number of others would be needed, but will be omitted here.)
Iowards the end of the time-period needed to carry out Steps 2a, 2b,
2c, certain follow-on efforts would probably be undertaken.
step 3a would be
the deployment on a global basis of an adequate network of
new UFO-sensors,
designed
the basis of information assembled in previous steps of the
escalating UFO program.
Past evidence points conclusively to the fact that
UFOs can be tracked, at least under some conditions, on radar.
We already
have radar equipment all over the globe.
Special study groups would review
all available past data on radar-sightings to suggest best procedures for
collecting far
more complete radar data from existing gear.
On the basis
that study, plus continuing efforts, new electromagnetic sensing devices
should be conceived and deployed.
There is on record a wide range of electro-
magnetic disturbances accompanying close passage of UFOs (see Ref. 5, for
examples).
Systematic searching with broad-band EM sensors, with frequency-
scanning devices covering the full radio spectrum,
and with
both existing and
specially-designed magnetometers could, with adequate support, rapidly increase
our knowledge of how to secure new types of objective (rather than subjective)
instrumental (rather than anecdotal)
data on the movements of UFOs.
In addi-
tion, optical and spectroscopic techniques of observing UFOs would be devel-
It is often objected that we already have many networks of radar and
optical observing devices, but close examination of how they are
set up almost
invariably reveals that built into such systems is a sharp selectivity, with
provisions
to reject all "tracks" not satisfying pre-set criteria.
selectivity is almost indispensable in monitoring systems to avoid being
flooded with unwanted data.
Our present technologies in all these areas
capable of an extremely rapid improvement over the present zero-level effort
in remote-sensing of UFOs.
Much of the initial design discussions aimed
could and should begin soon after Steps 2 are
set in motion, possibly
From the results of Step 3 would come the first reliable basis Ior
searching for significant patterns
of UFO movements.
obviously,
the search
for such patterns holds high priority in solving the UFO mystery.
Attempts at communication, possibly in entirely novel manner not now under
consideration even by students of the UFO problem, should be a goal of earlier
studies.
Interestingly, there do already exist credible reports of "communi-
cation"
, but on a
level
so technologically primitive as to do injustice to
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 120 =====
{"alpha_words": 228, "chars": 1514, "method": "ocr", "page": 120, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14
terrestrial science.
That "response" does
seem to have been obtained in a
instances is intriguing.
But far more elaborate techniques and systems
are easy to imagine.
Social scientists, however, need to ponder certain
"hazard considerations" before Step 4 is set in motion, so there is little
point in attempting more specific proposals here.
Along with efforts towards
communication should go extensive studies aimed at elucidating propulsion
techniques and a host of other currently inexplicable "performance features"
of UFOs.
The above suggestions are intended only to indicate a bit more specif-
ically the kinds of scientific efforts that one might envisage should the
"UFO problem" be generally recognized as a scientific problem rather than
the nonsense problem that it has been regarded for the past two decades.
To accomplish Steps 1 and
2 might require an international-total
expenditure of a few tens of millions of dollars, say the price of an
or a few large bombers or one small naval vessel.
To go on to Steps 3 and 4
involve greater total expenditures,
but still at a level
small compared with the international-total funding of present space programs.
Ultimately, if we are indeed under some form of extraterrestrial surveillance,
global expenditures at the level of billions of U. S. dollars per year would
become a small price to pay for clarification of such a profoundly important
The problem of the moment, however, is to see that there is a UFO
problem.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 121 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 1861, "method": "ocr", "page": 121, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GE...I.D R. FOR
IFTH DISTRICT, MICHIGA
:
Congress of the United States
Ottice of the Minority Reader
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.
MICHIGAN C!!..
425 CHERRY ST :.
narch 20, 1906
Kep. George P. Miller, Chairman
Science and Astronautics Committee
U. 5. House of Representatives
washington, Do Co
Dear Chairman Miller:
No doube you have noted the recent ilurry of newspapar stories about
mientified flying objects (UFO's). I have taken special interest
in these accounts because many of the latest reported sightings have
been in my home state of Michigsi.
The Air Force sent a consultant, astrophysicist ur. J. Allen Hynek
ox Northwestern University, to Michigan to investigate the vazious
reports; and he dismissed all of them as the product of college
student pranks or swamp pas of an impresaion created by the rising
crescent moon and the planet Venus.
I do not agree that all of
these reports can be or should be so easily explained away.
Because I think there may be substance to some of these reports and
because I belleve the American people are entitled to & more thorough
explanation than has been given them by the Air Force to date, I an
proposing that either the science and Astronautic Committee or the
Armed Services Conmittee of the House schedule hearings on the sub-
ject of U20's and invite testimony from both the executive branch of
the government and sane of the persons who claim to have seen UFO's.
I enclose material wilch I think will be helpful to you in assessing
the advisability of an invescigation of UFO's.
May I flist call to your attention a column by Roscoe Drummond,
published last Sunday in which MI. Drumond says, "Haybe all of these
reported sightings are whinsical, iraginary or unresl; but we need
a more credible and detached appraisal of the evidence than ve are
getting."
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 122 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2249, "method": "ocr", "page": 122, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Rep. George P. M1ller, Chairman
Page Ivo
March 23, 1966
Mr. Drumond soes on to state, "We need to get all the data drain
together to one place and examined far more objectively than anyone
has done so far. A stable publie opton vill come from a trust-
wortly look at the evidence, not from belittling is.
"The time has come for the President or Congress to name an objective
and respected panel to investigate, appraise, and report on all
present and future evidence about what is going on."
I agree fully with Mr. Drumond's statenents.
I also suggest you
sean the enclosed series of six articles by Bulkley Griffin of the
Griffin-Lurrabee News Bureau here.
In the last of his articles,
puilished last January, Mr. Grlffin says, "A main conclusion can be
briefiy stated. It 1s
that the Alt Force is misleading the public by
Ita continuing campaign to produce and maintain belief thatall
sightlags can be explained avay as misidentification of familiax
objects, such as balloons, stars and alrcraít."
I have just today received a number of telegrams urging a congressional
investigation of UFO's.
One is from retired Air Force Col. Harold B.
Brown, Ardaore, Tenunssee, who says, "I have seen UTO, Will be
available to testify."
Another, from Mrs. Ithyle M. Davis, Eugene, Oregon, reads, "Nine out
of ten people want truth of UFO's.
Press your investigation to the
fullest."
Ronald Coller of los Angeles, who Identifies himself as - "a scientist
from M.I.I.," urges that you
"do everything in your power to make
Air Force Project Blue Book (the AF name for Its study and verdicts
on UFO reports) known to the people." Are we to assume that everyone
who says he has seen UFO's is an unreliable witness?
A UPI story out of Ann Arbor, Michigan, dated March 21, 1960, states
that "at least 40 persons, including 12 policemen, said today that
they saw a strange flying object guarded by four sister ships land
In a swamp near here Sunday night."
Matt Surrell of Station WJR, Detroit, cites an eye witness account of
a recent UFO sighting by Emile Grender of Aun ArDor, an aeronautical
engineer employed by Ford Motor Company. He pointa out that an
aeronautical engineer can hardly be considered an untrustworthy witzess.
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 123 =====
{"alpha_words": 99, "chars": 712, "method": "ocr", "page": 123, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Rep. George I. Miller, Chatrman
Page Three
March 25, 1966
In the fian belief that the American public deserves a better
explanation than that thus far given by the Air force, I strongly
recommend that there be a comittee Investigation of the UFO
phenomena.
• thank we owe it to tha people to establish credibility regardin
FO's and to produce the greatent possible enlightenment ou thi
subject,
Kindest personal regards.
Sincerely,
Gerald R. Foru, M.C.
GRF: plE
Enclosures
bec: Rep. William H. Bates,
R-Mass.
Armed Services Committee
Rep. Joseph W. Martin, Jx., R-Mass.
Science and Astronautics Committee
Rep.
Janes G. Fulton, R-Pennsylvania
Science
and
Astronautics Conmittee
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 124 =====
{"alpha_words": 440, "chars": 2892, "method": "ocr", "page": 124, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• ARE UDO EXTRATERZSSRIAN SUNILANCE CRAPED
James E. McDonald, University of Arizona*
Abstract of a talk given March 26, 1968 before the American Institute
of Aeronautics and Astronautics, International Hotel, Los Angeles.
If it were insisted that I limit my entire talk to a one-word
the question posed in
choose between the safer answer,
• possible, and the riskiet aara to
, and the riskier answer
that actually comes closer to my present opinion,
"probably". The
ever-increasing weight of the evidence I have been examining would
drive me to the latter answer, if I had to compress an hour's remarks
into a single word.
Surely AIAA members would wholeheartedly agree that if there were
possibility
were under extraterrestrial
veillance in any form, that would be a matter of the greatest scientific
importance, warranting the most vigorous investigation.
evidence that seems to point to the conclusion that Uros could be such
devices is far from negligible; yet because of the history of official
and scientific response to the earlier UFO reports, we continue to see
mainly neglect or ridicule of this intriguing question.
liter nearly two years of intensive study of many facets of the
ong-standing UFO problem,
after examining around a thousand UFO
reports and directly interviewing several hundred witnesses in
selected UFO cases of outstanding interest, and after weighing alter-
native hypotheses, I find myself driven steadily further towards the
position
that the extraterrestrial hypothesis is the most probable
hypothesis to account for the UFO.
That hypothesis is, of course, not original with me; it has been
persons knowledgeable with respect to the UFO
problem, who spoke from outside scientific circles.
Our collective
to examine scientific aspects of the UFO problem will, I fear,
be held against the scientific community when the full dimensions
the UFO evidence come to be recognized. And the latter date may not be
far Off.
The principal points which I wish to emphasize include the follow-
ing:
1) For the past half-dozen years, our American space program has
been keyed to "the
space", yet the now impressive
UFO evidence that "life"
in some sense,
already have found us is
at or wholly ignored, even within such space-oriented
agencies as NASA. I speak from first-hand experience in making that
2) Iwenty years of USAF responsibility in handling UFO reports
appear to me to constitute about that same number of years of super-
ficial and scientifically incompetent response to the UFO problem.
Aside from brief periods in 1948 and again in 1952-3, USAF investiga-
tions of UFO reports have been perfunctory, aimed generally at finding
"explanation", however inadequately it might match the reported
r. MaDonald is Senior Physicist in the Institute of Atmospheric Physics
and Professor in the Dept. of Meteorology at the University of Arizona.
..w UCKALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 125 =====
{"alpha_words": 508, "chars": 3428, "method": "ocr", "page": 125, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
The principal reason that
no other adequate scientific inves-
tigation has
ever been initiated has been that,
despite almost complete
lack of any scientific expertise in the USAF program
(Project Bluebook),
public pronouncements have repeatedly given strong
assurance that the
investigations were drawing upon the best scientific talent available to
the Air Force.
Nothing could be further from fact. Examples will be
cited to back up this point.
The present Air Force-sponsored study at the University of
Colorado offered promise initially.
However, repeated indications of
negative bias in public statements by the Project Director, combined
with lack of vigorous investigation of the most provocative types of
UFO cases
reported over the past 20 years,
suggest that the Colorado
program will fall far
short of the required level of investigation.
It is very desirable
that some program be set up entirely divorced from
Air Force
affiliation, a conclusion underscored by recent developments
at Colorado.
I have just returned from a visit to Canada where I discussed
international scientific
aspects of the UFO problem before the Canadian
Aeronautics
and Space Institute at their March 11-12 Montreal meetings.
I emphasized the
likelihood that UFO investigatory programs in countries
than the U.S. may have distinctly better chances of making rapid
scientific progress towards clarification of
the UFO question by virtue
of the fact that they'd not be fighting uphill against the kind of think-
ing that USAF handling of the problem has engendered here.
An encourag-
ing new UFO investigation is,
in fact, now being organized within the
Institute for Aerospace Studies of the University of Toronto.
opportunity to confer with scientists beginning that study, on March 13.
Quite recently, indications of
study being developed in France
Russian position
are indica-
official attention
in other countries, but hard information thereon is still
The types of UFO reports that are most intriguing, and point
most directly to an extraterrestrial hypothesis, are Close-range sight-
ings of machine-like objects of unconventional nature and unconventional
performance characteristics, seen at low altitudes, and sometimes even
on the ground.
The general public is entirely unaware of the large
number of such reports that are coming
credible witnesses, because
ridicule and scoffing have made most
witnesses reluctant to report
openly such unusual incidents.
starts searching for
such cases,
their numbers are quite astonishing.
such sightings appear to be
occurring all over the globe, possibly with increasing frequency, in the
past year lan inference based on uncertain data because the
lid" seems to be lifting of late,
and this may simply be bringing a
larger fraction of such incidents to light). Examples will be presented.
Suggestions that such observations can be explained away in
terms of meteorological optics (Menzel's principal thesis) or in terms
of atmospheric plasmas (Klass'
principal thesis) cannot be supported with
cogent scientific arguments.
recently-published book by Klass ("UFOs
- Identified") is filled with erroneous
conceptions and with qualitative
arguments that fall apart on assessing them in quantitative terms.
Examples will be presented.
8) Many obvious questions and challenges can be, and must be,
raised against the extraterrestrial hypothesis:
How sure can we be that
• anvi VEKALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 126 =====
{"alpha_words": 492, "chars": 3273, "method": "ocr", "page": 126, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFOs aren't some still poorly understood natural phenomenon?
terrestrial, why no contact?
Why aren't there lots
of good photos if UFOs are real?
Why aren't UFOs seen
in cities rather
than in remote deserts and swamps?
How can we be sure UFO sightings
aren't hallucinations? How about hoaxes?
Why no sonic booms?
one account for non-inertial turns and maneuvers?
why don't optical-
tracking programs, such as meteor-survey programs, photograph UFOs?
don't our radar-fences and high-altitude radar-search systems see UrOs?
If not of intra-solar-system origin, how could UFOs accomplish inter-
stellar transits in reasonable times?
Where could they be coming from?
is it possible that other military radar systems throughout the
world have
failed to detect UFOs if they
are real?
by airline pilots and military pilots?
Why aren't they seen
aren't they seen by astro-
nauts in orbit?
Why aren't UFOs
seen occasionall! by large
crowds of
rather than by
single witnesses?
To these and related questions
there exist some quite good
some possibly relevant
tive answers; to others
answers, to date.
of those questions, there exist no satisfactory
in accelerating UFC research is for many more
scientists and
engineers
to review carefully and critically the existing
evidence in order
to design new sensors.
[Electromagnetic effects
accompanying UFO
sightings offer real promise herein.]
Also, it is
urgently important to
exploit already existing radar networks.
the latter networks
search for systematic patterns of UFO appearances and movements.
fortuitously revealed radar data,
inadequate to define such patterns accurately (due to the ridicule-lid
effect acting as a non-random filter).
Following design of sensor-
networks specifically planned for UFO detection, a host of other inves-
tigations would naturally follow, as I have remarked in other contexts.
A few specific examples of the latter will be cited.
As a low-cost, minimal-level precursor to such efforts to
attain instrumental monitoring of UFOs, it is urged that various
organizations
and agencies take steps to establish exploratory UFO
study programs, even if these involve only two or three scientists
per organization.
aerosrace organization
Tor agency that is
interested in organizing such a small internal study can secure initial
bibliography-assistance,
etc.. by getting in touch with me.
diate need is to establish a broader base of scientific recognition of
the astonishing nature of the existing UFO evidence.
ing at UFOs has gone on long enough.
Serious attention is long overdue.
AIAA could perform a very useful role in stimulating new and vigorous
examination
(I am encouraged to learn
of this intriguial, yet neglected scientific probler.
in fact, recently formed a
UFO Subcommittee and am
in touch with it.)
Although only a percentually
small number of scientists yet realize it,
the past 20 years of yawning
neglect of the UFO problem
has become a
scientific scandal, albeit still
The sooner we take a serious new stance and confront the
UFO question with adequate scientific talent and manpower, the less
embarrassing will be the ultimate admission that we have, for two
decades, been overlooking a problem of potentially enormous scientific
importance to all mankind.
• HUN VEKALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 127 =====
{"alpha_words": 334, "chars": 2674, "method": "ocr", "page": 127, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SOME UFO REFERENCES
Because persons seeking to familiarize themselves with some of the
basic aspects of the UFO problem often ask for a list of UFO references,
It is certainly not exhaustive;
but it cites a number of the more useful and some of the more contro-
also
Inclusion here does not at all imply endorsement
there are good sources not here listed, for space reasons. -
J. E. McDonald
1. THE UFO EVIDENCE, Richard H. Hall, editor. Published by NICAP
(National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, 1536
N.w., Washington, D.C.,
not via book-
the most useful and significant of all references
THE REFERENCE FOR OUTSTANDING UFO REPORTS, edited by Thomas M. Olsen.
Information Retrieval Center, Inc., P.O. Box 57, Riderwood,
Maryland, 21139. Current price,
(obtainable only from UFOIRC).
3. REPORI ON THE UFO WAVE OF 1947 by Ted Bloecher. Obtainable from
NICAP, $5.00.
4. REPORT ON THE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS by Edward J. Ruppelt.
Ace Books, New York, 318 p., 1956. Paperback, $0.50.
283 pp., 1960. current price, $3.50.
* 1960. To ant priy agle B. Keyhoe. Putnams, Now York,
6. FLYING SAUCERS AND THE U.S. AIR FORCE by It. Col. L. J. Tacker.
Van Nostrand, Princeton, N. J., 164 pp., 1960. Current price, $3.95.
7. FLYING SAUCERS by Coral E. Lorenzen. Signet Books, 278 pp., 1966.
Paperback, $0.75.
8.
THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS by Donald H. Menzel and Lyle G. Boyd.
Doubleday, Garden City, N.Y., 302 pp., 1963. Current price, $4.50.
ANATOMY OF A PHENOMENON by Jacques Vallee.
Henry Regnery, Chicago,
210 pp., 1965. Current price, $4.95. Ace paperback, $0.60.
10.
INCIDENT AT EXETER by John G. Fuller, Putnams, N.Y., 251 pp., 1965.
Putnam paperback, $0.75.
11.
FLYING SAUCERS AND THE STRAIGHT-LINE MYSTERY by Aimé Michel.
Criterion Books, N.Y., 285 pp., 1958. Current price, $4.50.
12.
UFOS - IDENTIFIED by Philip J. Klass. Random House, N.X., 290 pp.,
1968. Current price, $6.95.
13.
FLYING SAUCERS: HOAX OR REALITY? by I. Jerome Stanton. Belmont
Books, N.Y., 157 pp., 1966.
Paperback, $0.50.
14. UFO: TOP SECRET by Mort Young. Simon and Schuster, N.Y., 156 pp.,
1967. Paperback, $1.00.
15.
FLYING SAUCER READER edited by Jay David. Signet Book, N.Y., 252 pp.,
Paperback, $0.75.
FLYING SAUCERS OVER AUSTRALIA by Stephen Holledge.
Horwitz Publica-
tions, Sydney, Australia, 130 pp., 1965. Paperback, about $0.75.
17. FLYING SAUCERS FROM OUTER SPACE by Donald E. Keyhoe, Henry Holt,
New York, 276 pp., 1953.
Out of print.
18.
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS: GREATEST SCIENTIFIC PROBLEM OF OUR TIMES
by J. E. McDonald.
UFO Research Institute, Suite 311, 508 Grant St.
Pittsburgh, Pa.,
15219. A reprint of 3 discussions. Paperback, $1.00.
evI VEKALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 128 =====
{"alpha_words": 257, "chars": 1724, "method": "ocr", "page": 128, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In End:
your 1988 effet to get the Uto probles
clarified appen to have led to only very
slight propess.
USAF contennes to yown
Mote on attached RAS: 2987:
Da March I1-12, she Canadisa Astonautice ord Spece Saacd-
cute
(CASIY
held 3n262toneu 109 Sy0220100 in Montread
alteracon
80e6100 On
.17ve: 233tec
to the UrO prob on.
The
attached
papers
" POS- An Intergaldoral Sotentarie
Peoblem"
the
varalen of one of the four presenta-
foos
made at me latter ee3sion.,
Another one of me four
w23
"TEOS - An
Monospheric Plectrical Mystery"
, by Philip
Kl309 0f A02G8207
:32 Spare
i have
this coporcurity to offer an extended critique
of Mr. Klass'e
posit:o,
copecially
developed in his recently
published book,
"UPON « Idantified"
Sone press commenta and book mavlews convey the impression
That
Kiase has
perhaps
now solved the upo problen.
45
TUsa
Maganina puts i" in a
March 29, 1963, review of Klass" book,
"In this
book
#estiganely witten
and rational
1é r024 phenomenon 1a UPO literatura!
the solentifio detostire
work that lad bin to deside on the probable
40H00
#ichtings,
Tãe enigmatio,
he spolades, or really a landlo
atarapheris
phenoresa chat frolvde ot
entu coroned hat bali
7egAtring, eto Elmo"s
fire art
740h8874,
973b0
170t
on PP»
18-37 of
tha
artached iSI paper, 1 present sont of
my own quite different views
on the soundness
of Klass" argu
i call you aitention to that section because It seems
important to have if now that at least one
person farillar
with
atmospheric physics has examined the Klaee book rather
cerefully and finds his arguento characterized chletty by
error, confusion,
and
in petitied inferences
J. E. McDonald
institute of Atmoopterto Phystoo
The Universicy of AFi30na
enUNI GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 129 =====
{"alpha_words": 243, "chars": 1577, "method": "ocr", "page": 129, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Entertaiment • Stage
Movies • TV-Radio
Columns ® Hobbies
Books • Art
The Detroit News
CLASSIFILD
The Passing Show and REAL ESTATER
SUNDAY, APRIL 3, 1966
SECTION M
This picture, purportedly of a flying saucer, was taken Dec. 26, 1965, at Cappoquin in
County Waterford, Ireland.
Large, bright area was
described as plume of saucer
at left-hand lip.
ARE THEY FACT, FICTION OR ILLUSION?
Those Fantastic Flying Saucers
Scientists in 3 Special Fields Explain
Michigan's Eerie UFO Sightings
By JEAN PEARSON
Uctrall News Sclence Willer
The House Republican leader has called
for a congressional investigation.
A national organization for the investi-
gation of aerial phenomena, with high-
ranking, retired military officers and pro-
fessors on its governing board, has urged
a nationwide tracking network.
People are puzzled.
Are the
UFOs real, illusions or just
natural events neople can't exulain? Is the
number of fairly
common
objects,
such as a dog standing on grass, a bird in
the sky, a pile of bricks and a fire hydrant.
He projected them on the screen for a
group of viewers who hadn't seen the pic-
tures before. Purposely, he made the
pro-
jected image very blurred at first. Then
slowly, in stages, he put il into focus.
Given a blur, the viewers immediately
tried to determine what it was they were
looking al. Once they had reached a con-
clusion that seemed to satisty, they clung
tn it
Constructed
in France,
this concept
of a flying
saucer ma-
chine was
211-
veiled in
July,
1955,
but there are
no published
reports of if
flying. Il has
a diameter
of almost 27
Fecl.

===== PAGE 130 =====
{"alpha_words": 1249, "chars": 7594, "method": "ocr", "page": 130, "variant": "plain-vision"}
cruzens--people who
they can't explain but don't know
what to believe-are asking after the re-
cent rash of sightings in lower Michigan.
Answers
Given
by
Experts
To try in find some answers to these
questions,
psychologists,
geologists
and
aernpace engineers al the University of
Michigan and Michigan Stale University
were interviewed.
A copy of the most recent United States
Air Force report on investigation of un-
identified
flying
ob-
jects (UFOs), wasalso
obtained and studied.
Here are some of
enough focus to determine wilhout a doubt
Dr. S. Howard Bartley, Michigan State
University professor of psychology espe-
interested in the area of vision,
wished to be very cautious in his answer.
"I don't believe in any
Dr. Bartley declared
"And I don't think the objects
reported from time to time have all been
physically the same type of things.
"I don't put any stock in the ided that
all of the objects seen have been mani-
festations of swamp gas.
"This seerns to be a newly-thought-of
possibility
and is
The place
and
becoming
overworked.
positions of seeing these
tenued to be put in a single calegory and
"The variety of perceptual possibilities
- the discerning capabilities of the observ-
ers-are so great that naturally
all that
we read about may not merit being in the
saine class as a lew special cases which
more sophisticated and mature observers
Admitting that he was trying lo avoid
added:
then, the characteristics and maneuvers of
seem like achievements of some or-
ganization supported by a sizeable nation."
Touching upon the problems of percep-
tion and accurate description, Dr. Bartley
"When we see something which is going
anu we dre unade to reany derermine now
swer was given by Dr.
vice-president for re-
not officially involved in any investigation
of the UFO phenomena, but does cooperate
with the official investigators when asked
gators that there is no research activity
in the university which might give rise to
the manifestations many persons have re-
ported observing in this area
Informally, Dr. Norman suggested some
U. OF M.
aerospace engineers,
geologists
and psychologists might have
some ideas
about the sightings.
*
'They've Seen Something'
"First of all," said Dr. Stephen Kaplan,
an associate professor of psychology who
is especially interested in the ficids of per-
ception and memory, "you have to realize
these people aren't lying.
They've really
seen something and they are being honest
about what they think they saw."
"The problem is that we don't know,
and probably can't know, what it was ther
saw."
Whenever a person sees something un-
usual that he
doesn't know,
or can't ex-
plain, Dr. Kaplan said, he tries to find an
answer and comes up with a hypothesis.
But once he has formed a hypothesis
that fits the sitnation, it becomes very con-
vineing in bim. He then finds it difficult
lo abandon his answer, or hypothesis, even
when logical information is presented thai
should change his opinion.
Dr. Kaplan said this tendency might be
related, in a way, to research in
percep
tion done by a Harvard psychologist, Dr.
•Jerome S. Bruner.
Dr. Bruner collected Kodachrome slides
David Fitzpatrick, Washtenaw County deputy
sheriff, made this pic-
ture March 17 near Milan.
He said it shows unidentified flying objects,
but Dr. J.
Allen
Hynek, an
astrophysicist,
identified them as time
exposures of the moon (right) and of the olanet Venus.
LIGHT
LIGHT
QUITED
SURFACE
ANTENNA
LIGHT
Detailed sketch was
Detailed ser the Frank da for avitin De der, Mico.
witnesses' descriptions of the UFO
limitations of human per-
There may be more than meets the eye
or ear in UFO sightings, a University of
Michigan aerospace engineer helieves.
It's not that Dr. Richard B. Morrison
is a lying saucer fan. He isn'l. But, as a
scientist, be has both a healthy skepticism
and an open mind. And as a scientist, he'd
like more information from the sightings
That's why he believes it might be bet-
ter to lake Rep. Gerald R. Ford's call for
a congressional investigation of UFO sight-
For an investigation,
lieves, might lead to a network that could
lead to a scientific study of such events.
the colors in light the way they can
"It would be real nice if there could he
any kind of radio frequency or spectral
measurememts
of these
'un-
knowns" made. From the measurements,
then, you could get some kind of hard in
deduation or facts that could be used for
deductions,
Morrison said.
Check for Radio
Signals
Scanning the sky methodically for in-
teresting
signals
might
be one
"It would be good," Dr. Morrison said,
"if you could sweep it broad band and
know what it looks like. If you spot some
existing peculiarities, you could fine focus
on those. Then you might start to make
some sense.
"I don't think there's been any effort
whatsoever to come up with any coherent
kind of thing.
This is
Gerry Ford
is talking about-some kind of a net that
could do this."
If you wanted to assume that flying
some phenomena of nature, Dr. Morrison
said, there would be two groups of propul-
sion systems you would investigate.
The first group would be the so-caller
systems based on New-
ton's law
(Force equals mass times acceleration).
In this group, you would have our now
familiar rocket motors with molecular gas
Another type might use charged par-
ticles for an ion
type of propulsion.
And
a third type,
which hasn't
been worked
upon much in the United States, would use
electrons as the working mass
Dr. Morrison, who also is president of
Thor-Able series and as field lost director
for the Air Force's first lunar probe during
a leave of absence from the Universily of
All three of the mass expulsion type of
systems could he "fingerprinted" by spec-
trograph analysis of their exhausts,
The lype of matcrial being expelled, its
density and its temperature could be deter
mined and used in peg the type of propul
sleuth work, presents a problem, Dr.
rison said, because for the usual spectro-
graph you need a very long exposure time
nava to
sit still for quite a while to have
"But if some astronomer were lucky,"
Dr. Morrison suggested,
on one so he cour
some images on a photographic plate."
'Need to Know a Lot More'
The second group of possible propul-
Lypes in which a field force is created.
In terms of lechnolugy presently avail-
able in the United States however, prac-
tical use ni these are still far in the future,
Dr. Morrison said. We need to kaow much
more about the basic physics involved and
would have to develop the lechnology re-
There are only three types
ceivable in this group, ho said.
clectromagnetic,
electrostatic
They are
anti-
gravity systems.
"If you understood gravity waves, per-
haps you could make some antigravity de-
vices,
Dr. Morrison suggested
Assuming lying saucers do exist, what
propuision system would be the most fikely
one employed?
•The force field system would be the
one to look at," he answered. "If we were
going lo say there
is substance to these
ÜFO things, Lhe rapid mancuvers with ai-
tendant G-forces (gravity forces) would
scem to preclude the mass propulsion
system."
Force field typos would he noiseless,
he said.
Saucer Ideal for Spaceship
Would there be
advantage to a
Saucer shape in trying lo design something
like a spuceship propelled by force fields?
Dr.
Morrison was asked.
buses a good snapc, he answered en
"It's a
"And
l it earle
spreading the force across an area, this
excellent way in develop
a lol of arca.
il gives you a
very clean edgc."
Detection
and Inscrprinting
of force
field systems mighi be achieved by broad
band sweeping and focusing upon peculiar-
(Concluded on Nexl Page)

===== PAGE 131 =====
{"alpha_words": 903, "chars": 5345, "method": "ocr", "page": 131, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I Purilznd Alaie, Kreviog Expitis, triday, Jän. 21, 1760
Those Flying Sawers'
What Sherilfs Saw Wasn't Star, UFO Prober Admits
citrulis ierit: Iis l
one frotn the Mart, ao will be
writer
disruasina
this
Excier. N I., case reported be-
nd appeartd to de Irlanguar
was Hentug & lind-öleeved ebhit
Ir llts of e
sérica etnut
sech foin the leatiniony of the
aizliliug ad the bendquartera uf
ing follower.
abapei milh a bulxit puicte
aid i cuat,
he laier sald that
l'rüo
Whe idéaidided hoinn. .b
tho deruly thulfts.
Ricendy.
Prüject Blué Buok vad pubitad
listel da dlat läil and the biwtl-
hie leit the beal appatenily eraa-
fictil by
hollh t•ya
diftlin.
Maj
turtar
quintanilla.
vul that a Tiaker AFB radar
criculise • iilor il the trcdbe
combald of Profcct Blue Buok.
ayudüros strgrant bad rrlerred
Express Maslhuaton Hülidu.
slated he has wilhdrawn this
la tw'u staffunary objerto and
aulicdadun aftey lalhle otet the
turiaa la tbt iutiratia.
wäshinnun D r
: The
sist of tee
Lonleads ucfily
serile iloce paliod ead une ui-
I.dt pollomeri in.
11 cande iil
Iie ti-me ebiii bid ap thal
tiey lnt 1u
ihlleu
• Hin sray, io asull inkatibe
il.i
lut
iis ter.ll
baht li
aliiy ed lii
Als
f'uive - Ury
ins Micolaited
äl Mladiait: tha
se abilily of s ade
11 alistic
turd in doritel Blie Book
atiil la Lur lasie of the Air
Fose: s liteanäddon al Vi Oo.
pli.tii
*ilh Dopide Shertu Me-
Poujict
Blue
fuüd prapgbed
Cog
sini ieralet
didn 't
dat llie lmo stationasy vbjteda
ür l iü] [s ]f
au Biar Eok nut
west stül, - the brieldes uf
lactilk lr
uf
litnei
.tulates -- aui llie lue
the teri fed nespiomed ons
alicare ta be muuning coule be
üni 11 - lulls
airplaneu.
Aulei recerl ro e pf lccii.
bileralan of a vöndict bicuniad
In dr lucrame of the font Hall-
ed abjeils
orris
Methe
inela
of
A.in
aerinaita to the
Itlelspe
deputs
Okla-
hima Iahwwy
l'atol The lat-
fer sdlid Ilfer
4f B hnd plated
But
Bluc
Boulu
Iht Iwo caots.
Loma wan one lo Teras. ducttel
io sume obuerveis that Pioject
Blue Banik.
slale borsuse lry-
Ing to explal diay has ,l late
decaslonaly sonpts to thow
litde mote clsubbllirg Ioda dis ba
restidatuns ant cuncisions
chitr vErtit Shenit bolly
E NeCoy asid
Depulv Sheiiff
Ruberi
Gwede
Nêit
Gil
sufite patrul neat Damian lex.
«Inca io around tu nales couth-
edst of Hotelon
- then ihey
idhi a bilali purple høht. mlach
toon pruductd a
amalier
bhup
likht, au bie horan ubrut sire
milo's dual
Ont of the officei*
stucherd the hgles Drouen binuc-
HIST'S.
Thes had slowid dowh off
(hK füze ü lün
highuas
Ia lie n
the higints started rapiily lowaid
thans.
Ta dralltony of Claet Deputy
Sheriff Merny.
@h alreh lo wil
instoldallild ofhery from Elllnd-
tun AFB Tex, Conflauen:
el. leay brighl, blue light au thé
nalina from the ubsrel."
righi cud.
The baik of the ot
jecl apueared to be dark sins
in culor
alsh hã other diale-
suiahiug fiaturea, Il apueared
to be abuut 200 fect Mbli alid
10.50 leit Wrick lo Wie ildile
deperiuk ulf tonaid bulu cuda.
Iliese wat to
wuiže
ur Riy
trad.
mir oriCkas mand evay
lowaid Manion
Colile mi)".
travalink
"al suceda
up to lie saides ade ponid".
büld
NeCuy Arsivad mn Damon, they
datuas d The maltes
nep wtlt
buh aräicif but sill wanfed to
fund ont whal 1
H as "
Su they
retured lo the cccne all haw
thr UFO on the irodien aülfna
tiariy
to lt lad belui
dicided to leuve the
äl lê
Ua-
Calat te hauled dal Ule
l'el sold dluid conla lo*aid
Iis aiali."
¿laled Mcloj
"Alleï talklus witli badi: ds.
ficers larolred lu lăé elahicing
diere la du ilvubl lis wy inelard
thal licy delbullely bir atidei
vauodat vliltd üt flidänsüa
Hunerer dos lancsdinadto ind.
ed lo butoler duy|
la. te
bermiltid lt, biüi lip biséri
Ilicrideclee al bcola bichesie
arivt el
raptudatton dur
lie uletual zløtiiz
ludicu
lad
PRoNCS BLEL Moh rad
lialt ud
u.:
ltAsy
relilaa cd.
'betiardõa df Sad Antates rilo-
lialed diit
10 botertalod
11.15
veiüsil vis u iuglly dopintatle
alailllg
VAniHIr.i
l.led Hs
•Astip
Radiän dodi soi picti
ip siars ao pleblously Bord
Hücrülly, duneorr, wn ul
Bil li ger to the twis Texas
dopuls sharilts
klo as di edine
abrüul
frie folloned ly a lto)
the tatut Slalt
Hept. 3
*incli ai kast odt pelavo in the
"Ne ubijeet cauir up do the
pasture sest the Malitay alinut
I5a leit uff dlie hialway ind
albul linü terk bilak. Ine bülü ul
the wistesd wds blalaly viostilo
"The brighd posplr light Hum-
Inadeid the around declly undicr-
Realia d
alui
LIt.u
uf lt. Inrladine Tie hialnay
aid
Thie
ul our parlod
car.
Thic
Lall bras later the abect
ald boil apopi al do ba dretabed.
"Lthe it to a bellid swadd out
and lt Cual
i shadow
au k tra
abject ün the ground initadinit.
ls betün ie le the bito. Babilly
Shell Guinle was in lhe dilr.
ei a scal tlli tda leit aim linz
lo the apeo windor. Aldauogts bo
The acant lo Bine Durd el the
Ioscstlialinz utheer troid Killen-
Io Alt Fütüe Harü buliõrió lhe
Iwu
dépulý
abtiuilo
defiultely
"suine unuslia! "'bleil".
Tilo inpuld redda the ball!
"Both alil rid apipehicd la b
Incellikecil.
Citesss a'
laise! istail
r il
tigante
weei!
judeleti bidd ded' edllegi
Bujaty
sabill Alicin inlido y
reuprtsilele
lhn lan ilo
Haltaut migdalde
lng
tg i
vinüu
lé diri. soul
Euris
diliria duri lean autoja, iad h
honi
Altmia
"tend
Ih lt ridlengarelo
the haad luntotcnpic.
i.is
toit ba vr
Cralladcil dos pandiod
üs i
Pui is.
of inele alalit.
i:a.b
Etimnwton
lawcaldelre
viite ce
PHOTOCOPY
FROM
GERALD R. FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 132 =====
{"alpha_words": 600, "chars": 3594, "method": "ocr", "page": 132, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
Purtland. Maina, Kronnig Espress, Maraday, Jan. I0, 196'
Those Hydreg Saucers
AF Brushes Of Flood Of Sightings In Sonihwest
Hir sumite
tink. rais lamings in the baälbalia of clid | lost and how Wey act. They die
tended abad jetsid
Ronn
wel
which at tbe mu.
Yer the lorral us
Tin report refers to wad sudeuly donpfedred trunalieslly
Finalists. distin.
¡lahoma
that "the abdicer person la un
cleated do lo miral lar bay not.
WASHINGTON. D.C. A god
maliy hadis line".
iwo sends after the thind of thi
lentiled
just our bout of the deveral day slaln The tal Goes biere Giunggilbe Deto
Or, 1l the Airi
the lebailie eaulana-
lets, the and Wat jobsed lem Foice already bluins. It lo poli
add ino Dullce officers
Clanced äle, It lo sald. matlbad red and green ligito likesbindlaly beculig Is Infurinallun
Ithe Air Force handling of thetahplases
depart |frut ile puble Chal beine lu
anj. Hector Quintantia lo Ue0 problem may be allowed mend Cualing alro busersed tello lack of action monad rest p
with
hiit
Tuiker
cutaland if Projecd bine bouk. l0 dida along by un apelbelle same tbhigó".
Att uport did days the Als Force sechs Inter publis
lady
we Ellel wided micutton particular biatings
seed lo all mention offers bill persons wis ball upflalt du khal di buttest and co-
But invitet calpilt, Lila bul.
stala at
LiNg
Lila homa
Milindy Palrol teletype We die bod laleicaled In per for due thing it would latest-
Shanne palle
Taker
Al
ground well
reprint a numbes of agatings tuna who bu lo be bondpaperstale some of the alsongo le l
Separtinend renailug four
investimation
Ollabora City, druduesd lo for-lle breynency of brather ballless dellyne DRO reports weredtic
and ar do ladlo sad TV stallons ported by the Öklatoma tilale
five lighted ubjeela traveller
ail solence elitor of idio Canish
toni thin
stev
1l lulli did du ail.
salil
Ine
# lsdasa
of this may Pulsal.
strell fast
Explälid
An impresste bit bipelidlad whe services and TV
relayed to all malod newspapers, exclusion Is of course wide open?
vettional bulbe sect dd du ali-
in part
alid du. lo questiou
crall duto but relier
Piorce
nisiming that the that moved with many bilie bumming babe. Ma
what eld
"The lain rena bere las
FurLi
Blue bunh. lue Alritons
folio deuple laid Oklahoma: alon la the Maller ll.
vier the telelyue Alld
4 "Twen
the live elizele of Norton.
üf the thilde ther eid beele d UFO. blee trletype syalean. Iley were
(lue
ly fist péople il a chirch lal okla
flakes selidard dally lo avallante
DIANAR
Custang Oklalona) all melehed
sex lackian
at a while
Fluke Ji lo lect
"lihir the scientifle dustinlirily.
the Chlahoma aled le cunalder- investigators
le steer Air force!
alle.
but Irrelvei dozens of Calls Hould
Somellues they.
and been dis to lack uil
stalloises.
tower liltacob:".
Fotre
Except
but the laid la bat ibe rh
The lame wo Moleralen allur Joli 31 cough Aug. S Muislapeed. Were moving coma for a!
«cichilate
insi
thereabouls
late
lived
inesses could be denned mesadve mach is indicaled by a sentenct wile. Men sloppeu
Ille evidene 1
said stood that the All Foice
rohillud alone 1
with rulen: 1i ind
i with tess balluses day
Theisent a ores the Misbias Pa-
Stil for sume lime
lur adiutgibe belsohally Embardaaloo. er.
his driverid to
sinclalled, plain will ill the inquaided will whood asey hick
Well indises
Malaliv
with addresses,
The securily olileer al Tink the wrod at blah sherda, thei
• Frid reports be has been batard and marcied cast for
and the numbed of bistay sharped
with calls Me past while.
dien alapard conserely.
anitari la lancellaale:
ald tho wiliar.
PHOTOCOPY
FROM
GERALD R. FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 133 =====
{"alpha_words": 26, "chars": 287, "method": "ocr", "page": 133, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY
FROM
GERALD R. FORD LIBRARY
Trtlh donlklring Objeeis
Hidden t.V
Faithful Sar
:i.
CRA DAGEA
ir. s
401.
.if
• ti'
• ut"
C* *: :i
..:st:::
Lt i i
..."v
• 11
....:..
"! ns'
.ie "...'
:i:
1'':
#*: %
;.'"Y
.....":
! =".
• ii .
...!
: :"
..!
ri'hani:
TA .i.in
à t..
..tl i
: 13:
:.::

===== PAGE 134 =====
{"alpha_words": 306, "chars": 3027, "method": "ocr", "page": 134, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Tt
La
”%
=
tf . Pa a rs
~ r -—
An wf >» * . 6 :
ita - - . cae t » ~ wom, Flom se
. ye . .
° re ; : - - . re es : ed :
« ee rn aoe z . put a £ he a ay . e a . L _ + :
— — me TM : r ’ ie . * pet toe : - er . -
a ' : wa 4 » : . . ae i * ~~ : . . . :
= : H “ me . : . . - .
rm ment cou . a pr oar oR, ™ , ne
ian “oe -” o ' an fe 2 ™ z - . ; :
5a Me Pe re
- . ve he ae ~ yoo .
_A re ~~ “ae - r Fogg s- * i . ~« . . .
: F 4 ms - ed ° 4 ste .
me erie os ra ed . wg Pe ca oom rs a : ot . te a ; ee! .
ry i . we wees ect goo oft ome : on * . . oa tw ‘ .
’ é - _ oo . ey ~—s “oy - : ce
ee Pe anne wy a "re OF . be or a : * 6 -? : o .
t f \ Cae me ‘ r ial we ii ay ae : » en La “3 . to . ;
f = is a4 te nn . 8 wee ae : .
rom . : . a 4 - * cot .¢ “sy .
- ‘ F al 2 ror . . 4 .
- i & ve 7 ee co . re . - _—
. “ ae ‘ ~ eal Oe a) ™ ’ = ou m4 . mo -
tery = * i ‘ _ aa . - . :
. met ‘ han a 3 . 1 a . .
. F ad wa * ch wat Bee bee " : ‘ ’ at :
~ L coo - Hs ore + Be = ‘ . mh yee ‘ 4
f \ cy x . ~ Poo _“” ee tay be wt a . .
wea t eo : rm a, oot ir . . - Ne +
Hl i" Q a4 a or oa ad .? . - ry
af . - . - ot 1
Pal “4 a . .
a 3 ~ ‘ an -* 8 . . : .
‘* = r _ Be ” . er . 4
Q —s . =e moo. sy
. ~ ‘ By te he ye os : so, . ‘ Po .
ot! . . “ 4 al hd _— 1 -s oF * a
. ” 7 ten a .
rae ve te pag . : .
ig - Le tors ea = Ss _* see ra Me . *
7 - 7 an a es a a “ ‘ “4 .
_ os «aoe ~ < a wa Boo oc : : a t
- en ' Fe ” i Ly . 4 : . :
r en " na ar 4 .
cad oo ~ ror . . my 7 ' at « =a we of . r e ar ”
. rs 3 . up td au bo a H - t +4 - ' - -
. . , ve ea = ay ~ . Ive os
a : 4 7 Soa . «
oon . - . . 4 ‘
t a™ . ¢
if - .
pes - coos
is ee Pa a a”
r i : a ,
. * . oa -_ F . s
- : a - 4 wd os r ’ ’ .
= + . . Y .
le . + . , # . . . - ~ " ws ‘
. . *™ + 1 ‘ * . . t ” . : '
” * ! . - oa aa ‘
* A t ‘
* Pad r
- . : ae a . .
. 4 amo 7 - .
. 4 . ~_ a * “ ae
. ro. 7h r . sea ¥ 4 . . *
; 2 of . . r ‘ . a . Po
' * id . _. k : :
~. ata , - . .
. . - . _ .
. . “4 a e
. aah 1 . . a * a °
~ 4 : ' . . .
- 4 5 . -_o- . ' ~ ‘ - . . .
’ i . — - * . . .
: re ; A re . . . . .
. . r . . 4
. . fo +
. 1 . on as 1 a .
. . “- rg . :
‘ . - . we ae . ‘ o » . +
~ . . : . . a *
- = . ” ‘ . F : ¢
. . ‘ . . “. .or a . -
n oe . “¢ 3 — 4 b . . ", ‘ . . .
. . + yor Ts > ' ae
, ame +f ‘ * F \
* : 4 -
so 4 - 1 an : .
. * . . . . .
- a ~ ~ - te . a
a .
+
Fed .
' . . - . * t '
. "i. . . ™ aw .
ates , . - ’ 7 .
aa . . - an - woe poof ae : 4 .
aa im . . 7 - s : .
. . * “ . * - - .
a Seno * «4 ao co fun . ” : . t
. if . . . » . *-
. ‘ -. 1 .
: ’ . “ - : : s
r * > - . 7 i . + .
“ye . k . . . te
. . ‘ 7 ‘. . . .
“ oe . . . - . -t
' 7 1 - . ‘ ” I :
‘ - F: : 7
- ' . . .
T - .
~ 7 . 8 -” we .
~ s ~ © . . .
* - ~ * . ‘ , . . . .
. * . . aan . ' .
" - ae . ‘ . : aA :
.. ~ ” ws r Han *
1 . . < . 7 .
Me r _ . ae . 7 ne .
fh : 1
* "a ms - . 74 '
ad i. a . © .
a a r ; “ "4 . ° 7 ‘ . . .¢
art " . * 7 . 7 a. . . * .
‘ 1: . .
a ; ; . 7. . — - 4
° Pa ‘ . ¢ ~ 4 . _ '
a . ve - * . a . . . 7
wa * * . . . oo ‘ . Poo . .
- H - ; ey oy : - . - ; a : : . .
oe . we r er - 7 _ . r ae . . we ©
ot * . \ - - *
F .

===== PAGE 135 =====
{"alpha_words": 35, "chars": 240, "method": "ocr", "page": 135, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
hee
Ly

ee 2 ee
: ay

ae
Pa ty

wate

15
my

or

aes

+e

- x ” Me . = o4
oe 14 . r

4
.

~

-
—
a”

“

oe
¥

4
'
»
+
'
-
—

a

oo

ue
“+
s

AL
a

aw
o*

=~
we

”
+

“
+
7

1

.
a
y

4

TEE eS OO PR

wee Re re Ti aL Teng

at] na ar ee

Ty

===== PAGE 136 =====
{"alpha_words": 8, "chars": 72, "method": "ocr", "page": 136, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY
FROM
GERALD R. FORD LIBRARY
.i.ri.c
: " iri
....
.:2
tinert'i

===== PAGE 137 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 177, "method": "ocr", "page": 137, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
PHOTOCOPY
FROM

GERALD R. FORD LIBRARY

Ai A wade GU wee )

}

~ Cn ra, | Dorey, HUE, he nan
send

eae he Pf

At

25 foc Ale, see 4-34, 4,

oy, Le AZ ) ite (es LAA Fn

pre

j'

===== PAGE 138 =====
{"alpha_words": 52, "chars": 298, "method": "ocr", "page": 138, "variant": "clean-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY
FROM
GERALD R. FORD LIBRARY
Xifii io tigui Fora, porp.1.
zü guer tr UFG sizhi ter
hastften it platned
agen fee ke leaion ASteo
e/ler peect;
Fh ve aldio intatene pen
ment, et seet ni asperi-
mPhis
opa ih, mala reptina pals e
to peetlics
Heamip were conpl. wnpubleged
Jera sporann fa sh AF

===== PAGE 139 =====
{"alpha_words": 137, "chars": 882, "method": "ocr", "page": 139, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AF Approve:
Quick, Deep
UFO Studies
WASHINGTON (AP)-The
Force intends to contract '
a few selected universities
investigate
promptly
and
depth certain sightings of
dentitied flying objects.
The Air Force said
that
schools have yet been chr
and the number to be user
the investigations is still in
inite.
A scientific
advisory
br
recommended last March
this course of action be follo
by the Air Force,
which
pledged to strengthen probe
reports it receives on UFOS
Lists Member Types
The board suggested that e
university team
should inc
at least one psychologist, pre
ably one interested
psychology,
and
in
clir
at least
if
physical scientist, probably
astronomer
geophys
familiar with atmospheric P
ics.
The board
also told the
Force the universities shoul
chosen
"to provide
good
graphical
distribution"
a
should be within convenient
tance of a base of the Air Fr
Systems Command.

===== PAGE 140 =====
{"alpha_words": 212, "chars": 1516, "method": "ocr", "page": 140, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sit ié
.::#8931
::17M
;": ?;"
Cct. i
: : d
... :r:
i. Aunl
.. "" :95
X.it.
".ra. li.
1nc0
15 1
1:01
300*
.*
5: 1=
taetriced
n:tlc
V49
*ir!*
.* 7
i§SISt-
drers
i,ir
: iC20
hr.:
Aii:
: 01
Meigan Ceds
LI PLI SE
1 g 1
Ilusterious 06
1: ü
n ojec. m.en"r
i-i
.:."it:"
Wabrax
•sMestena
"kre ikacare
IC ••EITSKEnG
Ibe ind
eraeur,
•0 rrd l
:7-
tataa onatlznt
..1i
iDe 0
24-pop%
"eger Siue
* M C I: aao i
I1 0 r0CK 0 *
t a! emited d.rr 0)
Cice ecended of
.sig.
hede pt or nr
0 10 1230 ceres it tetedga yo
•maely wth hes i vas scen ty lac. dorne
Memene
DHE Be0 Ce00% bdoengtse ne routbora btoma
otcanen ed: 11z w0rc0n
there
he oprt
KNR.he rea ColE
:0"0781
he ur sorte deparched io boots.
¡ty erntce difte in caloen.
ied 1 0e 04010 agr a e
i aegdi.
ra dafrutsy or
• xo.
ran for
'he glaztes
""L0F5:4*
:i1.
'iner.
withed wont de
14 ''
peta BiOt ure'
if z lil* sla Sollere koimtar:
is he ereet scbet.
770d 2ed
șowved
and cece def agt i oore der ad rar
" lovia ey window sebre 1g...
celare
aina medeniy.
MiSs
SOnTE
M4 Oliient feod bdc d DARI: Apes mr
: NGego Bst C:-ot Jeloce sodecrro0 7 Swri
uE "0N07g Bstant iean vĩ
Har"s. '"ao.. n..e rou.
a0c0.
I56SLNE
„Iotcasor
adain brd kusetotrer or hey
dor.ntr
10d he roeda ale!
:letas 13
itey vrccher che ab-
ICi 0ur r2.
"10?
A VNN T
Jorr.
*Pnrs RI
illadise Comntt
: 1
latutse iruto
:IlC
htr
"Dieck
Kenned is Ifno cra
Dau0e "S Ф000 RAi
* 101
ic:01
...:1I.
Carart fan
I V e
""I.,
•iit
norrger.%
= leresand vreat
irc:s
30 roJcer.
7h0y
ei .nana
i i rug0
PHOTOCOF Y
FROM
GERALD R. FORD LIBRAR!

===== PAGE 141 =====
{"alpha_words": 874, "chars": 5515, "method": "ocr", "page": 141, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HE METROT NEWS-Suday, April 3, 1966 PDTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
said, can be ignited by an elec-his request for a UFO he
tronic beam, say the radar oflon grounds that it is a in
secret House Hearing Scoffed at UFOs in 1961
an overhead airplane.
handled by the Air Force
To Michigan's Rep. Ford, the therefore not in the commi
Karth hearings of 1961 are one jurisdiction.
of the reasons why a full-scale
'The committee didn'l
Continued from Page One|South Carolina Democral would ducted by the Defense Depart-hearing, it actually
the
was a ser incidents unexplained by
theling they
something
when
not say if their testimony later ment,
Central Intelligence lies of conferences in his office Air Force oul of more
It was all oral report,
than they really don't-especially at congressional inquiry is needed the jurisdiction issue five
ago when the Karth inquiry
to shed factual light on UFOs.
held," Ford observed.
given
would be made public.
the
Atomic
to the committed by Karth
Agency
Energy between himself and Air Force 10,000
night.
sightings
since
1947,
The Karth inquiry took place Commission.
officials.
Witnesses
were
not
"The
"And there is such a thing
Karth put it this way:
subjected
ridicule"
troin
HYPNOSIS
a closed session.
The
result,
said Karth,
was in
the
SUSIC
of 1961,
early
But the overriding reason was sworn and no records were kept
as marsh gas-and il can ig-
Air Force people say they can
and commentators
Avercally
that
"the
chairman
(Brooks) in the Kennedy administration.
the "kook" aspect.
of ile questions or answers.
and look like something
Stop Smoking
decided there was no need" for
As he rcmembers it, he was
Karth, Brooks and top stali
Karth says he cannot recall hardly be expected to explain
nite
full-scale public bearings.
asked by Brooks to conduct the people on the space committee the
names
of the
Air
Force something
that may be a hal-tangible," he said, referring to
for taking UFOs seriousiy.
Slap Drinking
He is
unhappy
the
Air Force explanation for George
that
Miller,
Rep
California
the UFO sightings at a swamp Democrat
Allergies
investigation because of a surge frankly feared that public hear-officials to whom he talked, al-lucination."
and present
chair
DETROIT HYPNOSIS CLI
ASKS NEW PROBE
111
UFO sigliting reports at that ings on the UFO mystery would though he is sure they
were the,
Such hearings now are being time.
be
all irresistible
magnet for available
"experts"
man of the Science and Astro-
19701 W. 7 MI. RD.
KE 7-9
at that The mind, he said, has a way near Dexter.
sought by Michigan Rep. Ger-
REASONS FOR SILENCE
"all the kooks in the country." time.
of tricking people into believ.
A pocket of swamp gass, he nautics Committee turned down!
ald R. Ford, Houșe Republican
Karth, interviewed in his Cap-
"On one side of the argument
It was a one-man inquiry; no
would
be
the
Air
Force
wit-
other
space committee
leader, in the wake of spectacu-
itol Hill office, gave two rea-
nesses,"
said a lawmaker who
bers served on it, Karth said.
lar UFO sightings
near
But he is certain of the
cO1-
REMEMBER FRETTER ALWAYS GIVES YOU AFTER THE SALE SERVIC
Ann sons for the secretiveness of his asked not to be named.
Arbor and Dexter in recent inquiry.
"On the other
days.
side
would be clusion he reached
and
which
One was that members of the all the people who think they've was reported to
and confirmed
In
response to
Ford,
Rep. space committee,
who have ac-
seen little
green
men on their by the full committee:
Mendel Rivers has asked
Air cess to classified information, lawns and
who hold conversa-
"Our
conclusion
was that
Force experts to appear
Tues-were curious
about the possi-tions with
then at midnight.
these so-called 'unnatural
phe-
day at a closed session of the bility
that UFO reports might
"The hearing would be
(nomena' have natural explana-
Armed Services Committee
of have
some relationship
to
se-
shainbles, a circus."
tions.
Nothing
get
excited
which he is chairman.
But the cret experimentation heing con-
about."
STUDIED ENGINEERING
Top Quality Glasses
As for more than 650 UFO|s
OVER 900 SMART SHOPPERS
will save REAL EXTRA DOLLARS this week
REMY MONUMENTAL PRE-EASTER APPLIANCE
Kartlı
is a l
four-term
con-
gressman from St. Paul and sec-i
ONE DAY SERVICE AVAILABLE
ond-ranking
Democrat
on the
Science and Astronautics Com-
mittee. He studied
engineering
Price includes Frames, Lense and Case
in college and was an AFL-CIO
official before entering politics
Tremendous Savings! !
his third
Capitol
when
Brooks asked him to look into
$095
the UFO affair in 1961.
Bi-Focus
$5,95
A veteran staff consultant to,
the
expert
Scientific
Fitting by Certified Opticians
• Prescriptions Filled
• No Appointment Necessary
• Salistaction Guarantced • Emcrgency Repuirs While You Wuit
-'No Line" Bi-focal $9.95 axtra-
Mondreds of Frainos to choose front, Lalost slyles and colors.
LENS-O-RAMA OPTICAL SERVICE
16915
LIVERNOIS-Tel. 864-84Y0
ACROSS FROM UNIVERSITY OF DETROIT, SO. OF 6 MILE
½ MILE NORTH OF JOHN LODGE FREEWAY
moves: Mon.?. 3030-200 ..
- Glosed
Ted wed!. 9:30-6:00
conimittee,
Richard
Hines, was dispatched to Wright-•
Patterson Field, at Dayton, Ohio, F
to do the preliminary legwork b
for
Karth.
That is
Air Force F
headquarters
for
evaluating
UFO reports across the country.
The unit now is known as Proj- u
ect Blue Book.
NO RECORDS KEPT
When Hines returned to Wash- e
ington, he and Karth scheduled
Carth's hearing. But it was a
trictly informal affair.
While Karth refers to it as a
told The Decis
(Concluded on Page 8A)

===== PAGE 142 =====
{"alpha_words": 169, "chars": 1073, "method": "ocr", "page": 142, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Bare Se:
House
on
Sauce
"33 TER HORS
Chief of Our Weshington B
WASHINGTON, Ar
-A secret investigat
unidentified
flying o
(UFOS) was conducte
years ago by the Hot
ence and Astronautica
mittee.
The results never
public.
were
No
printed record T
"hearing" was made arc
are no secretarial minutes
But according
to
Ee
who
conducted
the mir
"Those FantasticE!
Saucers," the first ef
articles by Jean Kaal
is in the Passing Show
tion (Section H) foda
Rep. Joseph E. Kartia N
sota Democrat:
"I am absolutely
conv
there
are no objects
vi
earth from other planets.
"I am also
convinced
people are not seeing
the
sults
of any exotic
Test
work bearing a top-secret I
"I was
I am now, convincer
then
HEARD SPECIALISTS
The convincing of Karth
done by Air Force speclé
UFO manifestations.
Force representatives were
only witnesses he interrog:
Karth said.
Karth said he made "a
report" to the committee ci
man, the late
Rep.
Ove
Brooks, Louisiana Democrat
Brooks requested
Karth
give the report to the full c
mittee.
"And that's what I did,"
told The Detroit News.
(Concluded on Page 84)

===== PAGE 143 =====
{"alpha_words": 757, "chars": 4432, "method": "ocr", "page": 143, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Those Flying Saucers
Parland, Maina, Evaning Express, WollasJay, Jon. IV
New Hampshire Sighting One Of Most Frightening
The mytelle of trails lai
a martia italid
tacter befali at üne w'clark b
Melita
Came 1s0m
#istalle of loan
soup of bees gear us
cause
Chla
They
selling.
their Esetti Pullin Orficer Eu-
extremely
bid.
reliable prais,
real abbest a ballade in
"preliminary
FOWLER TALKED with wit-
Fine P.
Bartrand Jr 30. isuas-
flashed Drie at a Ine.
the tao patrolinen
taped ally
fosventlucal
Übject
hesita asd others and said he
in salve tillus il die treat-
tig lu lda bollie
Lai.
«he area
reductton
Hai loli Mat Hadid AFt up-
upon an allo diaon ip bo the
of the stabilse and
ilde of the ruad and in lt zu
clué I Sell to the graved and
found sobbe In the wren that
hail
ilcers lad asked the police and
* lal newspapes
started lo diam pay sun.
could
The
Frase
be the probable
Alt had fite B$7
Lalit,
Blaturbed ball lu fleld. Faused
dent nut to mention the släbt-
WADINGION. D
to the officer's report to
tatali biere no buriall I was wil-
ali-
Inge
The reques
Ü- Dué tie
atle to
latellative ofitier from
Lathe wat dug fursa.
craft lylne lu tha area durrin
diz do buri."
This
sibling,
wãs put to
it die
Passe At Forca Basa, N. H.
I Hits perlud büt du 10l believe
by the way. Li out of the very
the police on the Broid pen-
would be
bout be Laddered Firin
they lad any
thad
Fruitil Blur
ilatined If told
iuror acurrd
heat
"alated she was tad that to
connectlun will
ban sarked "anidentilled."
the facts to do Matea
were watet lin
wich
Ara!
Crantasilla
informed
bacict, N. H
lut Septeliber.
drive." Bie atated & läht tad
ald
kada Leg
Homelet.
keen fullowing her
NueL
Project Blue birst
of
His change.
hald that
"I
The of
tai likie alaried cuinluz bear
low-flying
sliplanea
lahly
Flubably
restinisibla lor
The Baeler UPO woduced a would mor allow any supies-
fatailiar chaine.
listene-
Haled obstet that das rule.
flees stayed with her abond 15
tins
ily that Wid Alr Force sobalt
"loss of revis" Hüiever It la
bilmulto bulght to redssure her
Nor slid car.
balling. Ma). Hitor
jai duprisolom lu Washington
hottie and debatted for
Quintasilia to clares of Hita
Back.
o suppres newa of the witt- that officers a good deal bisher
Barcel persona appaicutly obl
the police station.
"I sadded Patiulman David
sistes thiat the Bul Alr
Ing. In thie Instance the charge than Atal
cable
troin
Hunt
alted in a few
Fuce SAC (Budhitic All Coul-
of Wenhari. Mass,
Raylünd Fübler
Quintantila
would
but elelt Chicasalvea 10 prevent
THEKE HE POlVi Norman
luffillto
He also
alisented the
malidy droup el Westovei
lead of a
Furce
Alr
Belset.
local ares NICAP group. who
news-suppreslun of DrO unus
Muscatella.
18.
of
Entler
ligila whichs were still over the
ducting
went do le scene to Invadi-
L12s
bide
Bout
Star lied
bassle la
the
field at
stattun
= lus-level opermiion,
Rate
for NICAP
The Haverhill
(Masay dad
esperlence while
üf lid feel and hnally diap-
called "Biz Blest", at itse Mie.
The
lattrr
petite
wrote
ais talitorlal
i few mlles out
Exeter
Hel
padial in Use dislance al the
He auld he believes the lixerer
stands for Mallonal Investiga-
Cünuelttre
Aerlal It
Lila UtO li the sclaliorhoc.
sidenti
ellieute
pople ware
which It sold.
loat
the
Newi
The lishis wêie
red
had
Witaya lis illa di about 60 de-
responable
Pienoriena, the unofficial but lava reported seelne
"In midity
Wastinaton
it
Murluz
Just
abure
Bree
whale
Wire the abril
linels
The eítect of a UPD ou anlo
05-
kantzation. The Homier charato
Exeter
UrO,
adid thalt de-
had word
Resaved the loses lighl Here al.
haid bien
are dr
riposted la
the
files of Blue
bink
seriptlens ir so closets that,
maya fursaid of the others"
Nev
Yusk
Stale Case about
Jand of NICAP.
unless
ide in lampatie visit
ate Then the this bed dise
is tha coso ine Alr Force.
wards belle the Endler
An larestauns officer
hang back from much lures-
Nadire
Falla
Purce Has, commanite un the
Afr
indello with lilin la hia palad
of a low-duri UFO
olderlie wu exciting mid-
dat alid ilej leturned 1o thie
It
Inter.
near
vlowed the selitera and 1tlall-
Cheny
Civik, N.X., un
wis hat
Tali where Muscalello Had Mad
his
alarming expertence
boil but out uf the car
Incy
loaded
2l d
local willary
PHOTOCOPI
walled into the tield. Mertsand
patbe and shu, by lie way, has
At
armand pilei, made
julne Giles Bertränd's 1epdrt
ints
FROM
GERALD R. FORD LIBRARY
ve bez
abdio to arrive it a brubabl
Suct a druly of live tills id

===== PAGE 144 =====
{"alpha_words": 496, "chars": 3025, "method": "ocr", "page": 144, "variant": "plain-vision"}
hose Flying Saucers
Portland, Maine, Evening Espress, Yucaday, Jan. 18, 1968
Highway Patrol Report Fires Controversy Over UFOs
Blue Book, the laiter the name
Second, lo redur stanllig
Tur
the Al Force beatleation
of VrOs
Al 3.30 pal. Aur 2. Piuject
Bite Book baued & stutement
cosining
Lo
explan lie eral-
UFO subtings that
had but de
ed lot of lie abrits
home fielday Patrol Unre 30
alid fu have ali made visual
blytitinks.
Repoils
have cutie
from
• Hirce 1
lidialduals".
Nates of the cirbiars dia Rit-
en: third win a puller ulticer
aide did howd the Glories aft-
but
prubauls
lad
hit
Oklahoma
the heariest • darling July 31
on the highuas
Augist Ist".
il la diated In the
bumunary from the Department
of Public datels. On Aub 2 trie
canted its
fust UFO
report of tral
day at 8 put.
sighting
at 12:50
litar Cushli
Other
ports fullowed thinuch the aft-
admittled.
Thia is
despite thie
Highway
Paliula
icpuit
Tinker and Colonel Alr Face
Busco havina a Ix on a July
31 oblict.
End
Turker
hasing
a fix on uo la four objecis liz
nelit of Ald: 1-4; and draulta
liatlural
bartlica repuls
thiese
bithiltries
Therefore.
this
biticle
wIll
Wichit& Weather
böit to hit the high pointo uf
has had from
Hitla
the battings reported on
of
and
Stallon
radar slattina of deteral DFOD.
hiahway
WAGINGTON. De
He-
beel lil
luto the matter of the
Oblahonia Highruy Patrol nel-
kurk befinnina
21,000
4llh
July
31.
fezl.
up to the
Itctor
of
Project
Ject Blue
all
lasued
isaiance of the Pro-
HADAK DOES NOt plib un
stard and planets, da lus bren
blated
Further,
corrobormtion
explanation.
budstandal help fruit a roport
fumbled
Unialiania
Dagüllenut of Fubile
hid of July
Okla.
Bikes.
prilice
Wynnew ood,
officer.
URO
The
of which
objects "
Other
night of Aus
office
tro UPOB
reported
Histrusy Folio taiwork in the
Midlad July 31-Ala
and Purcell.
tiss Terauls lie latte nuniter
with
Tex.
alio
Another
UFO
Wichita
Falls,
dear lidar
bullings. and Hali dile silar
dehilad by the Alr Forec.
ililficies
Buth
Tinker
address alven.
Ject,
atki
then
bartle thrit.
IOT
i nü
l'ute and
Froject
tha
patrol.
frous üther
ald not reach
WETE
PHOTOCOPI
FROM
GERALD R. FORD LIBRARY
of
Alr Furce
that
the
mature.
objeils
Livât
plan-
Capella,
or Al-deb-
alilngs
this
CULI •
1st
and 2nd
teniperature
Plaine.
fatala
Teres
porte were the equetle meleur
alich aunt belmies
26 July to 6 Aub.
the buutheast
und streak swittly
say tralling sparks.
been no entirallon Chat shy
of lie dialitings reported wota
Lacked on radar"
Thta offilal alalericrit prie-
beria lau characharlotes
lial of Air Force bealwant of
UPO report. First. is delibe
about every conceivabie tedabit
explaly
««t·
Hit ultitude of sighinibs over
Kälid states l
Incinted
one orcabion Lie alait of Aug-
thad
Rubert Flues of the OLlatomi
Hanctabul In Oblatune Cris.
stalcuent lo al lar lum Li#
mistake Thie stars and plane-
abunt the cust-
ei cut thie UFO refuita scio
did bald lus Aud Z antedit-
Went
iefered to
Wyuwitne
Where
Lid stand In
yentativa
Mable,
addod
thad
Belicen one dia four la than
sit riled,

===== PAGE 145 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 2838, "method": "ocr", "page": 145, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Pavilord, India, Earing Euprado, Murday, Jar. IT, 145€
Those Flying Savers'
dir Force Explairings-Away Of UFOs
Deepens Mystery
NUKE: Yub biki appalent Ali fuite lack of end curlous Can ever aboutof the DrO perfonnanct. Onl
"Reports poured hs" from
lined Tussiny. Aur 3. The Hew York|21 cities and
contends the vince al Curseaman Julin
•Di of the Glidhuma
Alr Thnew and other newspapers the AP dondit
cutto laude infilted fired of.
City Congresstonal Dhinci and
Huice and the burdened Prottit| colitel
Press named been die listed in Ten It was the Pünith conciude to the Hattual inceliondiase,
Bluz Büik have often resorted dispatch fruin Oklahoma City, as.
A Cummittee un Arral Phena.
BRAMUTATes of the Airlo the expulent di lomplog a daled Au Z il b28an:
» Dilalions and de in Ban-lot of people book loone bathlend ONCAP, do. boastandin
püre luvoslastion kad condu- aluber of sizhtinge logether
"Authoritin lu Texaa, New cas.
boris un boldcatibed flying de. not unbina any patticular Mextio, Oblahona and Kalisas
were stula or planets"
feels- tozy call the enterprise one — and faulshing a iccuer-
eurly loday "Aug. 21 by reports matlonal, In a dispetch in the
it can be ladationed In pard-llons Narwork Centes
seen eyelidug of Aud. I, named erght ing
Tina 15 whal le did respec- flyte in the sky.
stales. "Reports of slehtines by up bars of plaricto
"The Bedywick County sher-eye poured
one UFf dispatch It dolthe dale
hay hallul häbiquaitua orcei
der of sipbtines in the donth-ll's offlee at Wichtle, Konbas
Texas. Oklahoma. New Mexico. stated Urat Oklahonans prok-l
nast wroid the beats ofisard the Weather Bureau had Colorado, Sunch Dubola.
these whiled has not obstird do that
hiyaicry.
Uru;
Ime muse wolla ti Wriglid-fal of the UROs and of the behe Undes of 0,000 to 9,000 feet ens plutobly saw the most."
into theretere ponde an ila-be billed to use i lause tele
fightsis is inlandestintallon of
study
line files
offers of then shook sürlie puble
the Ali Forces knowledge of Force Base
Lit
saltat's
the wood City, had lacked four of the clared that "thousands of pes-
faith of la explainings-«way unidentlied flying
objects on bond kilos the natlon's mid-l
ins mailed of ellina Boule
fles radar screen ki one tune. lands dud öüullnest soon last does not have to rely malily
EXTRACTo hum dspaletes collinating
allaght ingorted second myster-on
and trees Matager. Or min dise Al.
hard aviltes lo bill lose kid kept the Alr Force baby beside doo national she divide Will muzodan retused 10 contin soditin phenomena bal dodd Pured salements The Doldst-
culin keels. Hildas; aleó lu aplabs-andy and bee len-seiresh memores end bondolor deny the reports of radarjand
witti diend coplanket anay to dared the buble wore costitousla wood luza of the nandid okervations
an- tasked meht of Puble baiety
PHOTOCOPY
FROM
GERALD R. FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 146 =====
{"alpha_words": 808, "chars": 4851, "method": "ocr", "page": 146, "variant": "plain-vision"}
E Portland, Misira, Erasing Espiõis, Ssturday, Jer. 22. 1826
Those "Flyong Swrero'...
Evidence Indicates AF Misleading
Public On UFOs
d bÜLEŁKT üMIřrN
iLits id
A Lettu)
WAGSTHÖTON. DC -1ta
to Uha Inad wast ud half i duscii
ärildlcü
Lil
tli2
widëntflbd
fiyina objcts Ut0a. the Unt-
led Ginticu Alr Fune. ihrich hag
ine Gfidled lib üf lircotizatinng
Ito vishtinás.
aud ll bublle.
The conchualuns rezchrd hare
GESLLEU
by
tHu
wül a
úedemnston of titz {tien
uf
Frujuct
Blus
Isucil.
Lie
Alr
Kwif naze loi ita auiy vnd
ld readlela on DFO nüfonti.
S IAN CUNÍKÜoRON ven
L brlelly matid. Il la Moat lhie
Fioice
mdoleading
boülie by lts continuing
the
Tarunt-
Daldi tu benuie end säslotata
tallet tivat all elihitida cad ba
LEDAMLd awiy an wIstuänitfi-
waltüen af fussillir übiseise aucin
do ballüuns, dlală and alicrüfi.
The
lovical
Bstlnbtlürc,
Laikai by much elecubiantlal
avidlerice, la that laz Air PorcE
la Jatiberalzly mitalzadutz
bablle
lu lida canpdiği
thie Alr
Parci
backed by normal bub-
He resprct for the fallitary sad
fir
øvlccv
claledatula.
End wiso
asaluizd by the
118-
tural haman diaröllnetlon
to
tistak
untuiiüunly
Lauated
at. lita bič» largely
öuticinsful.
Howorer. lia Alr Furto aliáo
imri die public bé-
Have wisd lt wanta it to Wallute
repecting Ur0s là arcadily and
conaplcuauslă latäkalla.
and müis esäpllelial li
Muld
Lölită
Füiei bn wewenagöia aud bg
Eillains.
ANÜIWEL CiNOF corzilcin
da lino: 1 dilégalis andl Utor-
Giiğid
altori to toteatimute tl
unsonttei fying übjäct prz-
iüidziton l belna mado by tho
All
Füice
over hias
Leeil
wade liy lt. Assil Wils Clasige
bülda trüle rusuuctlig bay other
eauatiimeut
and rek-
Hertlne what has beci lesmed
Uit nestow's atenuflo ciirunu-
nily.
fleatona lor te perwcverinz
Ar FüleO verfarwsnce drê Wi-
10 tiii
büblié.
Im
the
aücculalon zw il the folluzlrg
thize razzum lo eniamonly dá-
vinced: tho Alr Hore learo na-
tiviel parti le the bruth aliout
Lité UFOi
were tuld.
the Air
Furcd itala lt la aluck with it
awiy, or the
Alr
Forté li fi-
lencau by the Conval duballl-
Edliüe AstIlcy.
Tisar firal allegad ieasüd), Luti-
EVcE
wankallintary to Wie
Intelllacuce of our cltaena. li
iad Wast hau bsan loärd at die
Crafaltal
uft
asid dil
lot
ap-
broschling 20 ycara. Bume öret-
watu il may bo kie romuun the
Ali
Puica
hiat alven
to the
cuairwen of tlve lau contica-
alaial Spaco combeas la ila
underatoud
Endtwror to hold
ell a
conar dialonsl
invesllüt-
coil of tha UFO bubject.
What la the truth about the
Urüa? It la guize püssible tuat
ho ont oii thuls sarlh krrowia.
A VETERAN
New
England
cüngreasonal leader. who W85
Ia a pualtlon do konow, lold this
wriler that the Air Purce didnt
know what they
Llie
alie.
Officialo
Central
Inutellizeuca
Asticy ouglit tu linaw le amy-
ana duca jet a linuver lvtad of
she CRA. Adun. Ft
H. Hilleukour-
les, atruailed liall o deccu ydära
aso that he dld not bchöva l
thü Rlr Forew explaltings-away:
but
he
did
Tust
ldltate lie
tlicuahi l knowa te trath of
tie mutlei.
An inciessing nulaber of uod
ebzervcl hold tlial à
ELeltle
alnorlty of lie düntiuge
üany siylitlnna presumably are
maladentificatlons
- repiesent
sümelhlnă
ald untnowit.
A laint numtr of thési ubatév-
eis, wito melude veteran viläda
radar operalola, alr trafilt cüil-
trülleis.
tear hers.
BElI GHOTNtIE
and olliet experls.
hold that
thie untscois VrOs die extré-
terrestrtal.
TO AIL THIN Air Force 6f.
tctals can and do reaporl buat
sos a iligle. tanailke bil of evt-
deler of any such
UF las
badn fowid "Ihla ls a minliy
aini arguumilt, Che alsoligtat
argument uf tie wa-called dix-
Wainars-away.
PHOTOCOPY
FROM
GERALD R. FORD LIBRARY
Yet towu alismenting nualés
üt cilebctent cbüčivery the «vl-
denté Bludo bilunati dial buiso
of the UFO, are real wund redlly
WiLiwwI
Eiss
lely tuiry füd-
pecablve siglillist can't kè éi-
platied oKEv. it is täld
"P'Tuw
thie
Unllle'et
blbalk's.
frot Ardzutlia, Uztigudi, J'us-
Ruwal. Paalice.
Abtarctika arid
Austialla
Ifrom four
rogtlax.
ents:
läve tule the rash
of
reporte of dalitingo nf unlden-
alled flytna
Cijecta
Iurédas.
The bizhtlins lave beil
Hili
kicet numierons alnce 1937." Ho
«ubimesteed a United Pret la-
bernallazal dlsbatele lsc
AU-
lätast
Flin and Ial, Tew presus-
ebly will challenge e conclusion
thet the myatery and the prod-
Läun of the unldentifled Mlyinø
cültel Iraiein wlih
Lils wüzld.
AND
Yüklk, witn is tuttnave cam-
valen to caplali - anay every
Uro siklitlug.
lt.
sutgiie listela
do lhe iccent advica of a veler-
un astronomer Dr 1 t Levilt.
dlseciur of the Feis Planetari-
LAl.
Fraiilin Insthule, Philli-
delphla, tld:
"It wculd te well le cus Prol-
act Blue loük
oificiald
were
aimaply to tuicaca thas sálit-
intó in a minorlts ol cosea cen.
not be explalncd. Il wuuld clear
the alt of a yrcut dzal wl ris-
ibtidlandug btd mulssiusé if
Lais aroup by Mao
iatalllsent
laynıza end oiturvera who häto
scens obseche la ttue adiy"

===== PAGE 147 =====
{"alpha_words": 244, "chars": 1528, "method": "ocr", "page": 147, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Air Force Investigating
Reported Flying Object
ANN ARBOR (AP) - As re-
ports of unidentified flying ob-
jects mounter in southeastern
Michigan
today
the United
States Air Force began an in-
vestigation of the many sight-
ings.
Dr. J. Allen Hynek, a North-
western
University
astrophysi-
cist and UFO projert
consult-
ant, was asker to
visit the Ann
Arbor area
and investigate re-
ports of strange, glowing objects
in the night skies.
The
Unidenafied Lug UN-
jects Office at Wright-Patterson
AFB at Dayton,
Ohio,
asked
Dr. Hynek to investigate Tues-
day. Maj.
Hector
Quintanilla,
project officer, said Dr. Hynek
would
conduct
interviews and
assist officials at Selfridge AFB,
Mt.
Clemens,
in
gathering
information!
Quintanilla
emphasized
his
knowledge
of
the
Michigan
sightings "is extremely limited
at this time." But he said noth-
ing he has heard indicates proof
of
"extraterestial objects"
any
more than numerous other re-
ports the office has clecked in
the past 18 years.
Sightings were reported three
times within a week in the Ann
Arbor area aud the nearby town
of Dexter.
The last
sighting
Sunday
night brought hundreds of per-
sons, many with cameras and
binoculars, to the area Monday
night. No sightings were report-
ed, but 65
miles
southwest of
Ann Arbor, at Hillsdale, a group
of college coeds wateied an où-
jeet several hours.
William
Van Horn, civil de-
fense director of Hillsdale Coun-
ty, said Tuesday the liying ob-
ject he observed east of Hills-
dale Monday night was
"delin-
itely some lype of vehiele."

===== PAGE 148 =====
{"alpha_words": 260, "chars": 1541, "method": "ocr", "page": 148, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Photo Adds New Wrinkle to Saucers
By DOUGLAS BRADFORD
that they saw the strange glow-
object in the picture can
account for the
While Air Force officials
ing objects cavorting in the
sky doesn't seem to have much ma the thing they saw was brig
and that the dark
the terial substance.
and shiny with flashing color
prowled through the coun
picture represents one of them.!
Neither Paul nor his mother lights while the
tryside looking for some
corded a dark smear.
sign of the strange night
Paul said his Argus F100 w
visitors that have
on time exposure
ping through southeastern
was loaded with fast film wh
Michigan skies, a Monroe
area boy came up with what
he said was a picture of
Paul Richwine, 16, who lives
in Woodland Beach, three miles
piece of film with a
that he says his camera "saw"
when he pointed it at a "flying
saucer"
over his home. Friday
night.
Detroit News
say the blob cou Photographers
be due to a
wrinkle in the film.
But Paul and his mother, Mrs.
Mariannice
Richwine,
insist
This is what Paul Richwine's camera saw when
he pointed it at the unidentified flying object.
11:30 p.m. Friday.
The News photographers
ceded that the darkness in tl
picture "night" be the indic
tion of something moving quii
swiftly on a time exposure, ‹
the bleb could be
on the negative or a wrinkle i
Mrs.
Richwine said the ot
ject's appearance was preceder
four glowing shapes abou
Friday. (
She san
them from fer front we don
them
she said.
See SAUCER-Page 13A
PHOTOCOPY.
FROM
GERALD R. FORD LIBRARY
THE DETROIT NEVS, WED, MARCH 23,(SG6

===== PAGE 149 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 1792, "method": "ocr", "page": 149, "variant": "plain-vision"}
puty Sheriff 'Shoots' a UFO Oyer Michige
BOR, Mich. (AP)-A
distinct steaks of lig
leputy sheritt said an
sky high above
str
I flying object sight-
leading into Milan. No
ruthern Michigan last
the objects are visib
trapped-on film—
photographs blown up
another UFO
was
inches from the tiny fli
esterday.
Dr. J. Allen Hynek,
sheriff David Fitzpat-
western University ai
shtenaw (Ann Arbor)
ok the photographs
cist, was sent here b:
• camera roughly the
Force
to
investigate
nan's two forefingers
reports.
er.
He has scheduled a n
ere delayed because
terence in Detroit toda
m had to be sent to
cuss his probe.
s, N.Y., for develop-
Meanwhile, reports o
tified flying objects mov
sighting of an un-
into Ohio today. A fari
flying
object near
lives near Upper Sanc
ich., came from both
Northwestern
Chio told
Irs. Robert Nichols,
deputies that
an
object
across
Michigan's
-United Press International
"like a top"
or a
"Ch
ower Peninsula near
tree upside down" hover
They
said it flew
The two unidentified objects photographed over Dexter, Mich.
a wooded area on his p
highway
ahead
of
early today.
nore than 150 to 200 round circle glowing red on the reported sightings in the Ann light in graceful swoops which|
Deputies
inside and white on the outside." Arbor area in the last 10 days.
were
Sheriff's
. farm
three
called
times, but thi
24,
said the object
Nichols'
description
Fitzpatrick, howerer, said the Schneider observed from about er said the object, with li
bout half the size of roughly that given by several of two
photographed|4 a.m to 7 a.m. March 16.
outer
edges,
was
disap
abile
and
"almore than a score who have gave off a brilliant yellow white, The photographs show two each time before they arri
PHOTOCOPY
FROM
GERALD R. FORD LIBRARY
HE EVENNE STAR, WASH, MARCH B5N96S- FRUAY

===== PAGE 150 =====
{"alpha_words": 186, "chars": 1107, "method": "ocr", "page": 150, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NEly
lade Tole
TREs, Mdin
40 in Michigar
A Mysterious /
Hovered in Su
ANN ARBOR, Mich.
including 12 policemen;
they saw i
flying object guarded
sister ships land in
near here Sunday night
dawn last Mond
In Washington, the Ai:
said it knew
The Air Force's
Creek would not connen
Two persons
through the 300-acre sura
day and looked for tra
However, the two persol
object, Frank Mannor, 47
old, and his son, Ronald, 1:
it did not appear to
ground but sat on a base ‹
head of civil defense for i
gant used
but now I'm i7
Mr. Mannor and his son
yards of the object, Mr. Ma
sald une craft, was shaper)
a football and was about
length of a car with a "sti
'like coral rock."
bine light. on
a white light on
pacil of them
had a little halo around it,
Other witnesses sary only
lights. but their
including
those
of policer.
ngreed closely.
Stanley McFadden. Washtcr
County sheriff's deputy, sai
and deputy David
Fitzpati
"watched
object
fly
their car about the same t
the Mannors reported it
taken off.
Officer
Hunawill
said t
other
unidentified
flying
jects had hovercd in a quart
circle over
the object
in
swamp.

===== PAGE 151 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 505, "method": "ocr", "page": 151, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Wüthingin Fast
3-37-66
Don
Sneer at UFO:
By Roscoe Drammond
YOU CAN'T
possibility that some of the
sighted in so many
There are, of course, UFO
logical explanations.
But Air Force officials
signed to check up on these
sightings seem so bored and
skeptical that many people
they think the publie would
panic if all the facts were
brought into the open.
far more inowledge to those
The time has come for the
spected panel to investigate, ported
present and future
than 100 evidence than we are getting. it.

===== PAGE 152 =====
{"alpha_words": 426, "chars": 2596, "method": "ocr", "page": 152, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Nash, Post
3-29-L6
Truth About Flying Objects
Hidden by AF, Faithful Say
By Howard Simons
whose major
aims to
eva-
fied pilots and missie
Washington Post Staff Writer
luate all UFO sightings; get
ers - had
sighted
ok
believers
the Air Force to own up to
roughly 100,000 perso
unidentified flying
objects
the "truth," and to expose
are for real and from a far-
UFO charlatans who keep
off supercivilization met the
seeing "little green men.'
press yesterday amid a tor-
Keyhoe
and
his
col-
rent of reports about new
leagues, including scienists,
objects being sighted every.
engineers,
military
per-
where, U.S.A.
sonnel and pilots, scorn the
The believers
repeatedly
charged the Air Force with
deliberately
truth,
which
hiding
the
known
"would
bring
forth
Had a visitor from
ever set foot on the earth?
serious students
one of the greatest stories
of the century."
The believers also "fully
backed" Rep.
Gerald Ford
(R-Mich.) who wants a Con-
gressional investigation
of
There was only one case
suggesting so, said Commit-
tee staff member and for-
mer newsman Donald Berli-
ner. It happened in April
unidentified objects
which
have lately plagued
his
where police officers saw
home state.
pants" get out of a UFO.
But most of all, the be-
lievers
want to be believed
and loved.
"We want the Air Force
merely to end its secrecy on
sightings and stop ridiculing
competent witnesses,"
said
retired Marine Corps Major
Donald E. Keyhoe, a UFO
skeptic until his conversion.
Keyhoe now is director of
the National Investigations
Committee on Aerial Phen-
omena,
an
organization
they were not
"We have no reason to be-
lieve they were green," wry-
ly quipped Berliner.
The Committee's case for
believing that UFOs are for
real was put to the press by
It amounted to an
argument that thousands of
competent persons-includ-
ing radar controllers, quali-
The Air Force, whic
been investigating UF
ports since 1948, has :
fastly maintained
the
no evidence any flyin
ject has come
from
where else in the unive
Keyhoe's view, share
the Committee's boar
governors, is radically
ferent. The Committee
cludes, Keyhoe said ye
day, that "these things
real and must be extr
restrial because they ar
superior
have."
to
anything
According
to
Kes
UFOs have been obser
the earth for 200 years
gave two reasons, esser
ly,
for why no contact
been made with whoeve
is that pilots the UFOs.
One reason is that the
Force
has orders to s
the UFOs away.
A second reason is
until humans demonstri
the atomic bomb and st
flight the UFO people
garded earth as too pr
tive a society to bother y
other than for surveilla
purposes.

===== PAGE 153 =====
{"alpha_words": 119, "chars": 773, "method": "ocr", "page": 153, "variant": "plain-vision"}
WASH PET,
First UF
Of Seass
Are Sigh
Spring's first fly;
have sprouted righi
the forsythia.
Scores of people il
have reported
and a former fighter
he saw several
thesda home Saturd
The Air Force, whir
vestigated more
such reports since 1!
Northwestern Univers
H. Allen Hynek, its tr
tifie adviser
flying objects (UFOs),
into the Michigan
The latest was Mond:
at Hillsdale College, v
county civil defense d
a former reporter
ant dean, and 87 coeds s.
watched a glowing obje
ping around campus fo
This report coincidec
about 50 persons - inc
12 policemen - said the
eerie object cruise o
swamp Sunday night while
ships hovered over
Force Col. Howard I. W:
Newport Ave.,
other per
saw several objects outside
home and they were "defi
ly not in my
imagination,
they satellites

===== PAGE 154 =====
{"alpha_words": 325, "chars": 2004, "method": "ocr", "page": 154, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Saucer Observers Upse
Over Air Force Analysi
DETROIT (UPI) - The U.S. the-scene investigation
Dy tell- iconditions that nighto
Air Force closed its books Satur-
ing a press conference it ap- as to have
day on the case of two "visits"
peared
"very
produceo
likely"
by unidentified flying objects.
swamp gas was responsible for said.
• Par sual and piling tog
reports of strange
Frank
Mannor
But some of the people who
ing objects this week at Hills- had described the Jb
witnessed
Dexter in Southern hovered
in
marsh
¡farm near Dexter *s
was a landing by a glowing, ex-
fraterrestrial space craft,
Hynek, an astrophysicist from
with
a pitted
Enot completely convinced
"like coral
rock." gu
the experts were right.
rotting vegetation can release a told reporters Manper
at springtime,
son were 500 yardstaw
And even while the two most
the "visitor"
spectacular Michigan sightings
and could
noises. distinguished
such odet
trow wore the tag of an
He said both instances he
in- said distance was atso
cial expanation," UFO sightings
O'continued to pop up across the land.
vestigated took place in marsh in the Hillsdale case, v
country, in rural
areas and ci-
l'ties alike.
"It
coeds, their house moti
appears
very likely that a civil defense director i
the combinations
of the condi- an object in
a
I Dr. J. Allen Hynek, the top tions of this particular winter— for several hours.
nefiby
Air Force adviser on UFO sight-
an unusually mild
one
in this
"A dismal
swamit is
dings, climaxed three days of on-larea — and particular weather/
(Continued on page I, colur
di
6 ch
D
gas
and
less!,
time watching what I took to be
UFOS, " she
said.
William Van Horn,
the Hills-
dale County eivil defense di.
rector,
said he was "dissatis.
fied"
with the Hynek
explana-
tion because his investigation of
the sighting was too
brief and
because he sidestepped mention
of the report from two of the
coeds who said they
saw
the
UFO close-up as it swept past
their window.
"I'm not satisfied until there
thoronsh
_investion

===== PAGE 155 =====
{"alpha_words": 238, "chars": 1503, "method": "ocr", "page": 155, "variant": "plain-vision"}
N= Vei TeEs, NED MaK.
87 Michigan Coeds
and Official Sight
object land in a
Mysterious Object
night 45 miles northeas
was bringing
March Hynek
rector an assistant dean and 87 University,
reported a glowing ob- scientific consultant to
past a college
tory and hover in a swamp for
of unidentified flying abj
Dr. Hynek set up oni
ject seen here last night tallied
closely with that of one seen by Base,
more than 50 persons, including near the southern Midzig
12 policemen,
The Air Force dispatched its lately.
tobed fening adeis ton unid ea r verice r tan tor
second floor long"
it was either rot
f a Hilisdale College dormitory
The object's shape tras
as the object wobbled, wavereo
'outlined
by
lightning
glowed,
and once flew right at veered over and near the
a dormitory window betore stop- tory before retreatins
• in
ping suddenly.
Kohr
Mrs. Kelly
Hearn, for seven stayed there for tour sai
years a newspaper reporter be- fore vanishing, witnesses ș
fore becoming assistant dean of
women,
assistant professor
of
English and housemother of the
dormitory,
had the
coeds take
notes
as
they watched the ob-
ject for four hours.
They and William Van Horn,
41, years old, Hilsdade County
civil
defense director, said the
object dimmed its lights when
police cars approached, bright-
ened
again
when
they
went
away,
and dodged an airport
beacon light.
Barbara
Kohn, 21, of New
Castle, Pa.,
and
Cynthia
Pof-
fenberger, 18, of Cleveland were
the first to see the object. They
described its shape as roughiy

===== PAGE 156 =====
{"alpha_words": 5, "chars": 46, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 156, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
r ::
:-.ș:

===== PAGE 157 =====
{"alpha_words": 46, "chars": 411, "method": "ocr", "page": 157, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
rriU !OCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

'
oo
wy
- ‘
Fy
1 4 4
a
. .
+
fin
‘
. .
- : . -
a , .
- “
, . .
. +
. ay
’
‘ . wot
~ ,
t . , ~
' ?
3 * +
.
1 +
e
4 fee .
} o
’ ”
1 *
a -
+ - 7
. *
: *
- we ‘
4 . . +
1 ! :
«= 3
. .
!
~ ' ran 4
~” 1
; 1A 4 1
aoe 1 *
r le
, a4 * - moa *
* we * +
. ’ a ~ .
‘ , :
’
‘
te vt
'
Og pe ngmekin, ear ee sv as per Sapp wats Vocem ge wee ea tee RR Ry GPT Tete ieee of Syme gy cere ae

===== PAGE 158 =====
{"alpha_words": 5, "chars": 40, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 158, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
2 1141 ULCUPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 159 =====
{"alpha_words": 279, "chars": 1702, "method": "ocr", "page": 159, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UPI -173
(UFO)
ANN ARBOR
MICH•- THE TOP AIR FORCE EXPERT ON UNIDENTIFIED
FLYING OBJECTS SAID TODAY RECENT REPORTS
A GLOWING OBJECT SEEN
THROUGHOUT SOUTHERN MICHIGAN ARE "MORE CONSISTENT" THAN MOST HE HAS
INVESTIGATED•
ADVISER TO WAY MEDIA SE BERNO THE RASH ON UP SPENT EATED TO
RECENT DAYS.
DRESSED IN FATIGUES AND HIP BOOTS FOR HIS CLOSE-UP
EROS SMIP LANDED SUNDAY NIGHT, SAID HER STLE EARERONG THE
WHERE A FARMER REPORTED THE
FACTS."
HYNEK HAS BEEN IN THE AREA SINCE TUESDAY
INTERVIEWING WITNESSES
AND'EXAMINING AREAS WHERE THE OBJECT WAS REPORTED•
HIS
INVESTIGATION HAS BEEN CARRIED ON BEHIND AIR FORCE SECRECY BUT
HE MADE TODAY'S COMMENTS WHEN ENCOUNTERED AT THE DEXTER POLICE
STATION WHERE HE WAS QUESTIONING THE POLICE CHIEF AND SEVERAL
OFFICERS •
"IT'S
LIKE REPORTS FROM PEOPLE WHO SAW A FIRE, " THE
ASTROPHYSICIST SAID.
"YOU GET AS MANY DIFFERENT
FACTS
AS YOU GET
PEOPLE WHO SAW THE FIRE•
WITH IS REPORTS OF A VARIETY
SO FALLI GHIS VAN
ALL I'VE BEEN ABLE TO COME UP
"THESE REPORTS ARE MORE CONSISTENT
THAN MOST OF THE OTHER
" HE SAID.
SIGHINK SADE WISH WE FAD"SOME PHOTOGRAPHS OF THIS AND MORE
HYNEK SAID
TECHNICAL OBSERVERS•
THE IDEAL SITUATION WOULD BE TO HAVE A
SPECTOGRAPH TRAINED ON THE OBJECT TO DETERMINE ITS MAKEUP.
I MISREENLY HE HENS TURN OUT TO BE USUAL THINGS SEEN UNDER
"FREQUENTLY THESE THINGS
UNUSUAL CIRCUMSTANCES, " HE SAID•
HYNEK ESTIMATED THAT OF THE
UNEXPLAINED 10 PER CENT OF UFO'S REPORTED SINCE 1*&, MOST COULI
HAVE BEEN IDENTIFIED WITH A SPECTOGRAPH•
HYNEK SAID THAT AS AN ASTRONOMER HE WOULD HAVE TO ADMIT THAT
* THERE ARE INTELLIGENT
-BEINGS
IN OTHER SOLAR
STEN ALONG STEP TO SAY WE ARE BEING VISITED BY
SYSTEMS, "BUT
3/23--MJ622PES
*RUIULUPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 160 =====
{"alpha_words": 5, "chars": 35, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 160, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 161 =====
{"alpha_words": 5, "chars": 39, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 161, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
i

PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 162 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1353, "method": "ocr", "page": 162, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UPI -174
(UF 0)
WASHINGT ON --JEANE DIXON,_ SELF-STYLED PROPHETESS WHO HAS_BEEN
FORETELLING THE FUTURE FOR THREE DECADES, THINKS THAT UNIDENTIFIEI
FLYING OBJECTS ARE OF TERRESTIAL ORIGIN•
"I THINK THEY ARE PLANES
OR MILITARY
CRAFT OF SOMEKIND--BUT
NOT FROM
OUTER SPACE,
SHE TOLD UPI TODAY.
"I THINK THEY
FROM THE
OTHER SIDE--THEY ARE EITHER FROM THE ENEMY, RUSSIA, JAPAN
(CORRECT)
CHINA OR OUR OWN AIR FORCE."
SHE SAYS SHE GETS HER
PREDICTIONS FROM A PSYCHIC REACTION--A
KIND OF VIBRATION•
SHE SAID SHE DOES NOT GET ATMOSPHERIC VIBRATIONS THAT THE
UF O'S NOW BEING SIGHTED
IN THE
EASTERN PART OF THE U.S• ARE
EXTRATERRESTRIAL SHE SAID.
AND THE UFO'S SIGHTED IN PAST YEARS WERE
"DEFINITELY NOT
3/23--MJ626 PES
UPI -1€
(UF OS )
HILLSDALE
MICH• --AN AIR FORCE INVESTIGATING TEAM TODAY LOOKED
OVER FARM FIELDS AND INTERVIEWED
• PERSONS WHO HAVE REPORTED
A RASH
OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS•
OF PERSONS
RANGING FROM FARMERS TO POLICEMEN TO COLLEGE
COEDS AND
A DEAN, SAID THEY SAW THE HOVERING OBJECT DURING THE PAST
FEW DAYS.
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING
ALLEN HYNEKEJECTS TOP AIR FORCE SCIENTIFIC ADVISER ON
YESTERDAY QUIZZED A FARM FAMILY NEAR
WN ARBOR ICH TANK MAN OR SUARE ON ETS
THE FARMER, HAD REPORLED THAL A
PULSAT ING
OBJECT LANDED IN
LAND SUNDAY AND WAS
OBSERVED BY HIS FAMILY AND BY SHERIFF'S DEPUTIES.
3/23-- JDI OAES
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 163 =====
{"alpha_words": 254, "chars": 1652, "method": "ocr", "page": 163, "variant": "plain-vision"}
State Flying Object Rep.
Bring Plea for Federal,
ANN ARBOR (AP)-A Mich-
igan congressman planned Tues-
day lo ask the Defense Depart-
ment to investigate
reports
of
unidentified flying objects sight-
ed near Ann Arbor.
U.S. Rep. Weston Vivian. D-
Mich., left for Washington, D.C.,
Monday aiter conterring
with
Sheriff Dougias J. Harvey
of
Washtenaw County. Harvey said
Vivian also planned to talk with
the U.S. Air Force.
Three times within a week,
residents of the nearby
con-
munity of Dexter have reported
sighting objects flying in the
night sky,
"I didn't believe
those
re-
ports," said Harvey. "But with
-AP P
so many trained police person-
nel and reliable citizens having
Frank Mannor, Son Deseribe UFI
seen them, I must believe some-
ty Civil Defense director for 10 to investigate the rash ‹
thing is in the Washtenaw Coun-
years,
said he watched the un- ings.
ty skies."
identified object through binoc-
Hynek will work iro.
And Tuesday,
the Hillsdale ulars for three hours.
ridge Air Force Base nea.
County Civil
Defense director
The Air Force
announced it Clemens, the Air Force
and 37 college coeds said they! was
calling in Dr. H.
Allen
In Hillsdale, VanHorn .
watched an eerie, hovering fly-
Hynek, chairman of the Dear-
joined the 87
Hilisdale
ing object settle in a swampy born Observatory at Northwest-
coeds and their houseno
hollow near a school dormitory ern University. Evanston, Ill.,
watch the object.
Fle
Monday night.
and scientific consultant to the
emitted
wavering
orang
William Vanhorn, 41, the coun-lAir Force's UFO study program, i
(Continued on page I, cslumi
PHOTOCOPY
FROM
GERALD R. FORD I BRARY
ERICA AAPIDS PRESS,

===== PAGE 164 =====
{"alpha_words": 675, "chars": 4060, "method": "ocr", "page": 164, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE NATURE, ORIGIN AND PURPOSE OF SPACE PEOPLE
AND THEIR MYSTERIOUS FLYING SHIPS
The COSMIC STUDY CENTER was organized by a group of adult students, whe
gifted with extra-sensory or super-physical perception, for the purpose u
Cosmological and Metaphysical research.
we investigate fascinating phenomena
encountered in the invisible realms of
the Cosmos, the existence of which 1s
acknowledged by physicists but the aspects of which extend beyond the field o:
One of our projects has been an investigation of the nature and origin o1
Unidentifled Flying Objects, which are still mysterious to many, even though
they are often seen in our skies and have been visiting the Earth at various
times and places down through the ages.
Dr. Carl Sagan, a Harvard University astronomer, states that "The statist
ve now have on the universe suggest that the Earth has been visited many timet
› representatives Irom various galactıc c1v111zat1ong.
Myths and legends of
ancient cultures have recorded varied descriptions of UFO sightings similar
those of this century.
. Such historical sightings were the prelude to today'so
world-wide reports of the visits of Flying Saucers to all parts of our planet
In addition to the invisible matter here on Earth, such as air and gas, to
studies support the scientific view that matter, also, exists in finer degrees
of density likewige Invisible to our physical eyes, and that each density vi-
brates at a different frequency or velocity--the most dense having the siowest
and the least dense the fastest rate of vibration. Only the very dense Earth
having the glowest vibratory rate, is visible to our 3-D human eyes, but theo
others are just as real to the beings who Inhablt them as our physical surrogni
ings are to us.
In the evolutionary process of growth, all planets and their Inhabitant
evolve successively from life in one degree of awareness to that of the nexto
higher degree of consciousness. According to our research, human life on the
planets of our Solar System, with the exception of Earth, has progressed to 7
higher planes of existence, which are composed of finer degrees of matter invis
Ible to our physical sight.
our research shows that there are on other planets beings that we cannot
Ihis explains why the recent US spaceship that flew by Mars took pictures
that did not show any signs of human life on its surface. Recently, there was
a newspaper article that referred to past life on Mars.
The fact that our
scientists have reached the conclusion that these other planets do not bear
human life 1s due to their lack of knowledge that the inhabitants have already
evolved to a higher plane of existence and so cannot be seen by most Earth peo-
ple. Nevertheless they are there functioning at a faster rate of vibration thar
that of our scientists who, if they land there, will find only the remnants of
what they call a former civilization. Ihis explains why Flying Saucers are
misunderstood and why
there 1s no visible human life on Mars although it is said
that space ships come from Mars,
Venus and other planets of our Solar System and
from other Solar Systems as well.
The physical realm contains
seven states or degrees of matter. We Earth
people exist in all seven, but we are conscious only of the three lower states
known as solids, liquids,
and gages,
the four higher
The Space People of other planets exist in
degrees of physical matter but also can function in the three
lower levels.
Ihe next evolutionary step for the inhabitants of Planet Earth
Will be to raise their consciousness out of the lower into the higher degrees of
the physical plane, as the inhabitants of other planets of our Solar System have
already done.
An interesting point 1s that people functioning in the higher phases of
Life have the ability to see into the lower ones,
but people on the Earth plane
lo not have the ability with normal physical sight to see into the higher phases.
lowever, people with clairvoyant ability can
see into these other realms, ană
an observe other people living there.
© 1966 Clo Dirn11

===== PAGE 165 =====
{"alpha_words": 721, "chars": 4256, "method": "ocr", "page": 165, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-2-
Since life on each higher plane 1s known to function at a faster rate
vibration than that of the one next below it, beings who originate on thess
higher planes normally function at a faster vibratory rate than that of the
Earth's people.
So, in order to make their spacecraft and themselves visibl
to us, It 1s necessary for them to lower their rate of vibration or frequenc;
to synchronize with ours.
This is what occurs at the time Flying Saucers su
denly appear within our octave of sight. Conversely, when they disappear fr
our range of vision, they simply Increase their rate of vibration until thei
original vibratory rate is resumed.
In other words, before we Earth people
can be contacted by more highly developed interplanetary Space People, their
rate of vibration must be lowered to ours, or ours raised to theirs.
How do we know that they have to lower their vibratory rates?
necessarily be true because our physical eyes do not have the ability to seer
into these higher frequencies. A few people can do this because they have
developed the faculty known as clairvoyance.
done of the people, who report they have rladen in space shipe, may here
dimensional person took the ride in his higher dimensional body•
done this while they were in the sleep state, In that instance, thou see, we
co-exist in both a physical body and a spiritual body. The Center's researct
shows that the Real Self resides in the fourth-dimensional world in another 3
body, a finer body in which we travel while we are asleep when the physical
body is motionless.
We have found that this body is, also, the same one in
which we will function after we make the transition of so-called death.
only difierence being that when one goes out in his finer body during sleep er
magnetic Iile-line, the elastio-like
"silver cord" which joins the two bodies,
1s not severed as occurs at the time of go-called death.
During the time a person 1s
awake, these two bodles are in perfect align-
ment, but the moment a person falls asleep or becomes unconscious for any
bis finer body moves out of and away from the physical form to distances vari:
according to the person's stage of
evolvement.
The Real Self when functioning
in this co-existing finer body can look down and see his physical body.
go to school on the inner planes and do many things that the person upon awaker
ing usually is not aware of. On occasions when people do remember their activi
ties during sleep, they say
they had
a dream.
The experiences I have referred
to are not what we would call dreams,
but actual four-dimensional experiences
which most people do not have the ability to distinguish between. They classif
them all as dreams.
You and I, and every human being, possess a finer body, even though most
of us are not conscious of the fact.
5o-called death does not suddenly bestow
upon a person a new body which he did not previously possess.
He already has 1
He has had it all his life. The physical body, which is a facsimile of the oth
body, 1s merely the vehicle which the Real Self uses while living on this three.
dimensional plane.
According to our research at the COSMIC STUDY CENTER, there 1s no death.
There is only a discarding oi our physical garment of Ilesh and a continuation
of life in our finer body on the other side of life, where we have co-existed
since being born here as a babe, and where we have
been functioning each night
of our earthiy existence.
Where is this world in which our finer body functions? It 1s all around
and about us. Scientific instruments such as the microscope, the telescope, and
radar have disclosed the fact that there are many sights and
sounds that our
physical eyes alone cannot see or hear.
our eyes and ears receive only those
vibrations of light and sound that travel within a limited range. Beyond the
scope of modern-day Solence, according to the Center's research,
another plane
of existence teems with life and activity, the fourth-dimensional plane, which
parallels the world and life we know.
Some people see it and hear it by tuning
into its higher vibration.
These people possess extra-gensory perception, which
enables them to see, and hear, and know much that is hidden from their normal
physical senses.
found that many nannie namal

===== PAGE 166 =====
{"alpha_words": 674, "chars": 4297, "method": "ocr", "page": 166, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-3-
enables their minds to get in tune with their higher or fourth-dimensional
selves and thus acquire the ability to function consciously Interdimensiona;
on two planes of existence simultaneously while awake.
People who possess
extra-gensory perception have the ability to see and hear with the eyes and
of their fourth-dimensional selves.
Like radio and IV instruments, they tun
into the higher vibrations and register various light and sound frequencies
which
occupy the same place at the same time.
Likewise, the fourth-dimensional plane of consciousness interpenetrates
this
physical
plane right here.
It consists of seven phases of energy sub-
stance, each having a rate of vibration faster than the preceding one--the
lowest
rate of 4-D enersy substance being higher than the highest rate of 3-1
matter substance. For example, If one visualizes a glass bowl filled with a
mixture of large marbles, small
marbles, smaller beads, sand, and water, witt
Cosmic Rays radlating through it all, one gets an idea of how varied densiti€
Of matter can
occupy the same space at the same time.
C
Likewise, various dimensions or planes of consclousness, each one having
a different rate of vibration, Interpenetrate each other. The particles of %
different densitles, which comprise the aroas of the varlous interpenetrati
dimensions or planes
of existence, are distinguished from the particles of
adjoining dimensions by their alternating negative and positive polarities as
well as their varying rates of frequency or velocity.
I mentioned earlier that the rate of vibration of Space People must be §
lowered to synchronize with our frequency before our physical eyes can see ght
The same thing seems to happen when we see their so-called Flying Saucers 1n 1
sky.
our visitors from Outer Space have this power of speeding up and slowne
down the vibratory rate of the matter of their ships as well as of their bodle
Evidence that UFOs have suddenly appeared and disappeared in the Earthos
atmosphere 1s provided by many verified reports from rellable observers.
Instance, In 1957, military personnel in Korea gaw a white, luminous objectz
hovering
above the ground that went out suddenly and disappeared
"Iike a bulb
turned off."
According to the research of the COSMIC STUDY CENTER, the princi
by which UFOs suddenly appear and disappear 1s based upon the interchangeab111
of matter and energy.
Matter is energy at a slower rate of vibration.
disappears from our vision when its vibratory rate is increased beyond the poi
at which matter becomes energy.
be changed.
Therefore, when Space People wish to disappear from our sight, the
merely Increase their rate of vibration beyond that of ours. If they wish to
appear to us, they simply decrease their vibratory frequency to the point at
which their density is the same as ours.
What 1s the principle of the locomotion used by these UFOs? Our research
Indicates that within each Solar Systen there exist powerful magnetic fields of
force which bind the planets to their sun and to each other. Also, we have
learned that from the sun emanates a balanced pattern of magnetic rays having
tremendous negative and positive energies. Moreover, each spacecraft contains
a powerful electro-magnetic system having an instantly reversible polarity from
gravitational attraction to magnetic repulsion.
Ibis system also nullifles or
suspends the pull of gravity and thus enables the ship to hover in mid-air and
to move in any direction and at any angle. A highly magnetized pillar, towering
from the center of the ship's base to the dome of the ship, 1s the instrument
by which the powerful magnetic forces, which pervade all space, are used for
propulsion purposes. Cables carry statio electricity from the magnetic poles
to condensers, which are algo the landing-gear balls under one type of ship.
The top of the pillar is normally positive while the bottom is negative. Its
polarity as well as the ship's direction of movement can be reversed merely by
pushing a button.
Apparently:
the operators of spacecraft simply select from their charts of
Josmic forcefields the proper ray of energy which beams to whatever planet they
lesire to visit. In order to travel to a different planet, they merely switinh
their vehicle into another stream of forne nn annaa..

===== PAGE 167 =====
{"alpha_words": 606, "chars": 3735, "method": "ocr", "page": 167, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-4
It appears that UFOs are not ariven by propellers, or jets, or rockets.
Ihe
are irresistably drawn to the opposite magnetio pole of the planetary flelä
What are Space People like, and what is their purpose in visiting us?
us at the study Center, they seem like elder brothers, who have experienced
the sorrows and suffering that accompany the limited consciousness of warth
people, who have gained spiritual wisdom and kindliness, and who have volunte
to come here and offer assistance by introducing to us by means of telepathic
inspiration new concepts that they deem advisable for us to adopt at this par
cular stage of our development and to help us take our next evolutionary step
Most of the people, who have become interested in so-called Flying Sauce
accepted them without understanding them.
Now that former ridicule has
been removed from the subject, this may be the time when an explanation, sucI
this, will help clarify the situation.
It appears, however, that the Space
People will not be free to make themselves known to us in greater numberg unf
they have been recognized by the Government and welcomed by an enlightened pat
These Visitors from Outer Space have proved that they are not hostile.
they had been intent upon harming us with their advanced electronic instrument
they surely would have done so a long time ago. Iherefore, our investigators
have no doubt but that the Space People are here to enlighten us, and no doußt
when the time arrives that we can accept them with
understanding, that Eh
then will make themselves known in a much more public way and in greater numbe
I would like to close with an explanation of the relationship of the foar
dimensional plane to the third-dimensional plane of existence. Actually 4-D01i
the parent of 3-D. Ihe viewpoint that the 3-D world is the materialization of
the 4-D world is supported by Plato who logically assumed that the world which
we behold 1e shadowed forth from some other world beyond physical matter and
that the Reallty of matter 1s something other than Its physical appearance."
Absolute Consciousness existing everywhere simultaneously 1s
stepped dayn
from the ultimate source, the highest level or the 7th dimension, through ar
sequence of lower dimensions - 6th, 5th and 4th - each having a reduced rate of
Vibration, until that which was the one Unlimited Consciousness becomes veiled
in denser energies, and finally is subjected
to the limitations of lower matter
or 3-D. Since the ultimate source of matter and form in Its final reduction of
velocity is in the appearance of physical matter, it is concluded that the
physical world would necessarily have to be the
projection or child of the 4th-
dimensional plane, rather than the reverse.
To summarize:
It has been shown that UFOs have been visiting the Earth
for centuries.
It has been
explained that matter exists
in finer degrees of
density than that of air and gas.
It has been suggested
that our earthly civili
zation may be less advanced
that of the other planets in our Solar system.
It has been deduced that a temporary synchronization of the vibratory rates of
both Earth People and Space People is required for mutual visibility.
The activ
Ity of the co-existing or fourth-dimensional body during
sleep has been explaine
The principle of spacecraft locomotion has been described.
The idea that the
fourth-dimensional plane 1s
the parent of the dense 3-D world has been supported
It has been indicated that the purpose of our visitors from
te parent of
space is a friendly
one intended to be beneficial and enlishtening
• to the Earth's inhabitants.
conclusion, let us recognize the profound effect that these revolutionary
¿losures will have upon traditional religious doctrines.

===== PAGE 168 =====
{"alpha_words": 446, "chars": 2835, "method": "ocr", "page": 168, "variant": "plain-vision"}
March 28, 1966
Rep. George I. MIller, Chairman
Science and Astronautics Committee
U. S. House of Representatives
Washington,
D.C.
Dear Chairmen Miller and Rivers:
Rep. L. Mendel Rivers, Chairmar
Armed Services Committee
U. S. House of Representatives
Washington, D. C.
nidentified flying objects (UFO's). |
these accounts because many of the latest reported sightings have been
In my home state of Michigan.
The Air Force sent a consultant, astrophysicist Dr. J. Allen Hynek of
Northwestern University, to Michigan to Investigate the various reports;
and he dismissed all of them as the product of college student pranks or
swamp gas or an Impression created by the rising crescent moon and the
planet Venus. I do not agree that all of these reports can be or should
be so
easily explained away.
Because I think there may be substance to some of these reports and
because I belleve the American people are entitled to a more thorough
explanation than has been given them by the Air Force to date, I am
proposing that either the Science and Astronautics Committee or the
Armed Services Committee of the House schedule hearings on the subject
of UFO's and invite testimony from both the executive branch of the
government and some of the persons who claim to have seen UFO's.
- enclose material which 1 think will be helpful to you in assessing the
advisability of an Investigation of UFO's.
May I first call to your attention a column by Roscoe Drummond, published
last Sunday in which Mr. Drummond says,
"Maybe all of these reported
31ghtings are whimsical, Imaginary or unreal; but we need a more credible
and detached appraisal of the evidence than we are getting."
Mr, Drummond goes on to state, "We need to get all the data drawn together
to one place and examined far more objectively than anyone has done so far.
A stable public opinion will come from a trustworthy look at the evidence,
not from belittling it."
"The time has come for the President or Congress to name an objective and
respected panel to investigate, appraise, and report on all present and
future evidence about what is
I agree fully with Mr. Drummond's statements, I also suggest you scan
the enclosed series of six articles by Bulkley Griffin of the Grlitin-
Larrabee News Bureau here.
January, Mr. Griffin says,
It
1s that the Air Force 1s misleading the public by its continuing campaiga
to produce and maintain bellef that all sightings can be explained away
as misidentification of familiar objects, such as balloons, stars, and
aircraft."
1 have just today received a number of telegrams urging a congressional
investigation of UFO's.
One is from retired Air Force Col. Harold i. Brown,
Ardmore,
Tennessee, who says, "I have seen UFO. Will be available to
testify""
ten people on Me, the de, your rege, to to the cult.
AVIVLUPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY

===== PAGE 169 =====
{"alpha_words": 162, "chars": 1062, "method": "ocr", "page": 169, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Rep. George P. Miller, Charman
Rep.
I. Mendel Rivers,
Chairman
Page Two
March 28, 1966
known to the people."
we lad aøsue that everyone uho says he has deen UfO's 1a an unzellable
A UPI story out of Ann Arbor, Michigan, dated March 21, 1966, states that
"at least 40 persons, including 12 policemen, said today that they saw
a strange flying object guarded by four sister ships land in a swamp near
here Sunday night."
Matt Surrell of Station WJR, Detroit, cites an eye witness account of a
recent UFO sighting by Emile Grenier of Ann Arbor, an aeronautical engineer
employed by Ford Motor Company. He pointa out that an aeronautical
engineer can hardly be considered an untrustworthy witness.
Than eft be far that the he laude sere been at one
be a committee Investigation of the UFO phenomena.
I think we owe it to the people to establish credibllity regarding UFO's
and to produce the greatest possible enlightenment on this subject.
Kindest personal regards.
Sincerely,
/s/
Gerald R. Ford, M.C.
GRF : plr
Enclosures
"*
# #
PHOTOCOPY FROM GERALD FORD LIBRARY
