{"created_utc": "2026-10-09T19:04:04Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 598358, "source_ctime_ns": 1790470407787732546, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/inside-the-pentagon-s-release-of-three-ufo-videos-11.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790470308491854933, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/inside-the-pentagon-s-release-of-three-ufo-videos-11.pdf", "source_sha256": "0ee0dd2285faa27936650a25a4d515f382b284df14420ab10b96c20eb447d861"}

Department of the Army
              Headquarters, United States Army, Europe- and Seventh Army
               Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff, Resource Management
                        Resource Analysis and Systems Division
                                APO New York 09403-0105


       N
       to
      L()
      N
                               RESOURCE ESTIMATING RELATIONSHIPS AND FACTORS

       IFOR                                                      ARMY IN EUROPE


                                             Ivette Feliciano, GS-1515-12

                                                                     and

              D

               S      TIC'
                          0ETS
                                                     Paula Rebar, GS-1515-12

                                                                  370-7507/8838


                   The views expressed in this article are those of the authors
                     and do not reflect the official policy or position of the
                          Department of Defense or the U.S. Government.


                    t : r-[::'. ,. } : St.,+
                                       D''LT'7
                                           T,. 'tr!' PT CA


..   -.. -,,,,,=,=,,,m=    =   aI r~   ::        i    ~      i      mmi
            RESuURCE ESTIMATING RELATIONSHIPS AND FACTORS

                           FOR ARMY IN EUROPE


INTRODUCTION:

    Resources allocated to the Department of Defense (DOD) are

declining. Efficient and effective use of limited resources

becomes paramour    in meeting DOD's priorities; that is, to

maintain essential force readiness, protect essential

sustainability, slow the pace of modernization, and minimize

force structure impact, as stated in the FY90-94 Program

Objectives Memorandum (POM).    Because U.S. Army, Europe,

(USAREUR) and Seventh Army is a forward deployed combat force,

meeting defense priorities by ensuring optimum application of

resources may have even more applicability and meaning in the

European theater of operations than in the continental United

States   (CONUS).
    While the phrase "doing more with less" is a clever reminder

to use our resources well, such a "raised consciousness" for not

wasting or mismanaging resources does not necessarily enhance our

decision-making abilities.     If USAREUR managers are to do an

effective job in managing resources--manpower, materiel, money,

time--they must have access to cost estimating tools to focus

their decision analysis.

     In USAREUR, the Resource Analysis and Systems Division

(RASD) of the Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff for Resource

Management (ODCSRM) has undertaken the task of developing
decision-making tools specifically tailored to the Army in Europe

environment.     Three basic approaches have been implemented:

    a.   Base Operations (BASOPS) Cost Factors.

    b.   USAREUR Circular 37-11, FYXX Resource Factors Handbook.

    c.   Training and Operational Cost Models.


BASOPS COST FACTORS:

    One valuable source of decision-making information is the

ongoing BASOPS data collection effort.     Beginning with FY87, RASD

has formalized collection of an historical USAREUR community

database of cost for each BASOPS account.     In USAREUR, there are

39 separate and distinct communities.

    The basic methodology employed has been to develop an annual

Letter of Instruction (LOT) and a comprehensive reporting format

which is distributed to USAREUR Major Commands (UMCs) and their

respective communities.    The communities then extract and

summarize information froiu their end-of-fiscal year financial and

manpower reports to include:

    a.   P2 OMA BASOPS(-) and Real Property Maintenance

         Activities   (RPMA) obligations by lettered account.

    b.   Personnel data to include manyears and associated

         costs   for U.S. military, U.S. civilian, local

         national, aid civilian support group (CSG)        NTIS        C        J
         personnel.                                        U -


                                                                  2)


                                                                           tO
     C.    Nonpersonnel costs to include total obligations for

           supplies and equipment, contracts, and other

          expenditures.

     d.   Nonrecurring, or one-time only, costs.

Upon receipt of community input, RASD edits information and

coordinates corrective actions with communities.     Since this

iterative process has proven to be quite time consuming, we are

now expanding the detail of obligation data available at

Headquarters    (HQ), USAREUR to include community-level

obligations.     In the past, as obligations were rolled up from

community, to UMC, to HQ, USAREUR, the end product was summarized

data.     Soon, we will have a procedure in place which will capture

the detail we require for analysis of community support.        Once

this mechanism is in place, we can virtually eliminate, or

significantly reduce, off-line community reporting requirements.

     The Community Demographic Profile (CDP), which is the

population supported in each community broken into U.S. military,

U.S. civilian, iocal national and civilian support group

categories, is also entered into the BASOPS database.        RASD then

statistically analyzes data and computes Cost Estimating

Relationships    (CERs), Manpower Estimating Relationships    (MERs)

and per capita costs for each individual, lettered account and

f-   a total BASOPS rollup.    Information is further summarized at

USAREUR, UMC, and community !c-e]1.
    USAREUR's 19 BASOPS accounts are displayed at Appendix A.          Of
these accounts, 15 were included in this BASOPS analysis.       Four

accounts were excluded because of insufficient data.      Not all

communities received funding for accounts C (Direct

Support/General Support, Maintenance of Materiel), E (Laundry and

Dry Cleaning Services), X (Security and Counterintelligence

Operations), and Y (Records Management, Publications) because of

limited overall funding levels or limited distribution of funds.
    In order to better understand the intent of this BASOPS

support analysis, the following definitions are provided:

    a.    CER - A linear, mathematical relationship    (Y = A + BX)

         betwcen BASOPS cost and the number of personnel

          supported.*

    b.   MER - A   linear, mathematical relationship   (Y = A + BX)

         between the number of BASOPS support personnel and the

         number of personnel supported.*

    c.   Per Capita Cost - Amount of BASOPS funding expended

         per person at community level.

    d.   Per Capita Work Force - The number of BASOPS support

         personnel per person at community level.

         AFor both a CER and MER, the independent variable is the

         number of personnel supported; i.e.,   U.S. military and

         Department of Army (DA) civillans.


                                    4
    A regression analysis of all USAREUR communities, using a

total   rollup of BASOPS accounts and total support personnel,

indicates a significant linear association for both CERs and MERs

and the assigned population at community level     (R 2

approximately 0.9).    Regression analyses were also computed at

individual account levels.    While linear relationships were

encouraging, they were less predictive.    Once computations are

completed, the last step is to obtain a final validation from

USAREUR communities and enter the information into the database.

    At present, because development of BASOPS Cost Factors is a

relatively new endeavor and we have limited data, we are deriving

our estimating relationships across communities by account.         Once

sufficient BASOPS data has accrued to the database, relationships

can be developed by account for each community.      Ultimately, the

objective is to compile and maintain a ten-year database for each

USAREUR community.    The database will give us increased

predictive capability to make educated adjustments to a

community's funding and work force levels when the population it

supports varies for one reason or another; e.g.,     new mission or

force reduction.

    CERs, MERs, and per capita cost factors are quick,

easy-to-use tools which can be used in estimating resource

impacts   for changes in workloads and missions.    They are also

useful in   "what if" drills to determine the effects of potential


                                   5
troop reductions and base closures and in validating/justifying

budget data.   In essence, these estimating relationships will

give managers the capability to relate Operations and

Maintenance, Army (OMA) functions to common measures of

workload.   Based on projected workloads, managers can use the

relationslip   to predirt resource requirements at program element

and installation/activity level.

    While the USAREUR BASOPS data collection is in its early

stages, this database and the decision making advantages it

offers are timely.   In light of recent proposals to reduce

overseas troop strength, USAREUR managers will be increasingly

involved in "what if" drills--where troop reductions could be

taken, what base/posts could be closed, and the impact on lPvP1

of BASOPS resources expended.


RESOURCE FACTORS HANDBOOK:

    Given a backdrop of reduced defense spending and impending

force reductions, questions on the cost of doing buciness are

surfacing at all levels of government.   To help USAREUR managers

answer these questions, the Resource Factors Handbook has been

prepared.   The genesis of the handbook was the need for

consistent, timely, and accurate cost factors for the development

of cost, budget, and program estimates for USAREUR.     Unlike other

Army Major Commands (MACOMs) such as Forces Command (FORSCOM) and


                                   6
Training Doctrine Command (TRADOC), USAREUR did not have cost

factors to justify resource requirements or defend against

budgets cuts.   The lack of cost factors put USAREUR at a

competitive disadvantage, thus ushering in the creation of the

Resource Factors Handbook in October 1978 to fill this void.

    The original handbook has continually been expanded and

improved upon. It now contains cost factors for civilian/

military pay and allowances; engineering, housing, and logistics;

as well as other general cost factors and data sources.     The

handbook has become a frequently-used reference document for all

USAREUR organizations, from the Headquarters, to UMCs, on down to

community level.   A single source to gather relevant data is far

more efficient than having managers go to numerous individual

sources having information that may have not even been scrubbed

or validated.   Information contained in the handbook has been

especially useful in completing economic analyses, productivity

program initiatives, and cost studies.

    In July 1989, a floppy-disk prototype of the handbook will be

introduced and tested.   The handbook information was transposed

into relational databases using the dBase III+ program.     Text

information (such as notes and data sources) will be included in

a memo field.   The floppy- disk relational databases are linked

by a common field that has the same name, data type, and width.

This common field relates the various databases, enabling users


                                  7
to extract information from multiple databases simultaneously.

Since many costing applications require assimilation of

information from different suurces, use of relational databases

speeds the process, enhancing their value to the cost analyst.

To augment this new format, we are also developing a user's

manual to accompany the floppy disk.

    The intent is for the handbook to be phased out as users

become comfortable with the floppy-disk format as a means of

providing timely, on-line information.     Providing cost factor

information to USAREUR subordinate organizations on floppy disk

will help us overcome the printing, publication, and distribution

delays we have experienced in the past in getting hard copies of

the handbook tn the field.

    In addition to providing the handbook in floppy-disk format,

another change underway is to expand the handbook's contents to

include costs associated with operating USAREUR today-     As a

minimum, the following information is currently being

researched:     costs for each training event and Combat Maneuver

Training Center (CMTC) rotation; costs to garrison a

battalion-sized unit or to support a community; and costs

for barracks renovation, family support facilities, and essential

RPMA support.     Publication of this information is targeted for

early 1990.


                                    8
    In an effort to be proactive and ensure that our resource

references are meeting customer needs, we recently developed and

distributed a costing survey.     The results of the survey will be

used to add, delete, oi modify the information we currently

provide, as well as to assess any required long-range

initiatives.     This ongoing project will be revisited annually to

ensure we are being responsive to our customers.     Responses to

the initial survey are expocted in September 1989.


TRAINING AND OPERATIONAL COSTS:

    RASD's third approach for providing cost estimating tools to

USAREUR managers    Ls in training and operational costs.   Recent

initiaLives from Headquarters, Department of Army (HQDA) for

determining resource requirements for materiel systems include

the use of automatDd models for the planning, programming,

budgeting, and execution system (PPBES).     Use of the models

allows for flexibility, timeliness, and efficiency.     Inputs to

the models include sustainment factors.

    The primary model which requires sustainment factors as input

is the Training Resource Model (TRM).     The TRM provides the Army

with a standardized procedure for planning, resourcing, and

managing training.     Unit P2 Mission Management Decision Packages

(MDEPs); i.e.,    analogous to defining training costs, are composed

of Operating Tempo (OPTEMPO) and non-OPTEMPO costs.


                                    9
            'DPTEMPO,           or activity rat(,,              is    the annual operating miles or

h)urs            tor systems, such as taiiks or aircraft, required to execute

a training strategy.                            OPTEMPO cost factors are the costs of the

resources              consumed by these materiel systems per mile or hour.

The two types of costs                            included in the OPTEMPO cost factors are

the         replenishment               repair parts            (Class IX) and Petroleum, Oil., and

 ,ulbrcarits               ( POI,     or Class      III).

            >i   nr    the       Li eldlnq of         the TRM          in    USAREUR,    questions

      ".r rt inn            h       reasonableness            of     the OPTEMPO cost           factors       have

 irw<roaso.                 The       main reason           for this         scrutiny    is    the direct

impact OPTEMPO                      has on      the development               of the MDEPs and,

'r:rjqurnt~y,                    on the        funding       levels to perform OPTEMPO training.

                 S    e m1ber         988,     RASD initiated               a study to determine the most

rc[. ,nt               t, ye
                          v-OPTEMPO cost                    factors         for USAREI.R.      As a result of

        -              ,    RASP has worked very closely with the U.S.                                   Cost and

        "no           Analysis          Center       (USACEAC)            and the Ca'.ibre Corporation.

rPTU MVPP cost                  factors are developed                     by the Calibre Corporation                 for

7JSACEAC.

            The model            used to develop OPTEMPO cost                       factors      is     the

Pper-atring and                  Support Management                  Information        System        (OSMIS).

rO:<tS utilized                     logisticb databases,                    such as the Logistics

 nte l l igene                  File     (LIF),     to determine the costs                    for systems that

,have        been      in       the    field      for several             yeirs.    For systems          that have

rnt                   fben
                       ic Iedod or are             recently fielded,               engineering estimates


                                                                     10
are used.      A positive attribute of this system is the number of

edits and a, justments performed to the data input.                       Unreasonable

data is closely examined and is either discarded or adjusted to

resolve problems with the reporting system.

      Although Calibre Corporation has installed a series of edi-s

in the system to correct problems, the hiaher potential for error

is the source data itself.              For this reason, representatives from

1JSACEAC and the Calibre Corporation will be visiting USAREUR in

the   Seotember/October          .989 timeframe to review source data and

idenLify any problems in the reporting system so appropriate

adjustments can he made.             Sites for validation are 1st and 3rd

Aitor Divisions.        This effort will result in OPTEMPO cost factors

that will be more representative of the consumption of resources

by USAREUR units in thc field.

      The non-OPTEMPO component of P2 Mission, which includes rail

costs,     travel, civilian pay; and supplies from Class II

,,.xoendables,     nonstandard       items).    Class     IV   (construc+ion

materials), and the Self-Service Support Center (SSSC', comprises

more than 70 percent of some units' MDEPS.                     Non-OPTEMPO cost

factors     are just   as   important as the OPTEMPO               cost factors.

[]ntortunately, non-OPTEMPO factors used in MDEP development are

only estimates of a unit's consumption.                    Because tfese eFtimates

are very weak when comparted to tue OPTEMPO factors,                      a significant

amo unt of    ef fort. is   ti   I   rec ui r( d t.()   val idat     I ,on-OPTEMPO

fan tors


                                               11
         RASD is currently working with USAREUR, Office of the Deputy

Chief ot Staff for Operations (ODCSOPS) and their training center

to validate these factors.             This effort will eventually require

the joint participation of             ODCSOPS, USACEAC, and the associated

contractors, at both USAREUR and DA levels.


CONCLUSION:

         The BASOPS Cost Factors, Resource Factors Handbook, and

Training and Operational Cost Models are just three of the

nr- acLiv(        approaches RASD has initiated and expanded upon to meet

USAPEUR's need for cost estimating tools that will enhance
eftective management of resources.               Future directions will

at tmpt to more comprehensively address the entire resource

managjomet         arena.

         Tht    BASOPS cost factors will be refined and predictive

capability wi]l             improve as the database matures.   An expansion of

the handbook is foreseen which will project certain cost factors,

such as civilian salaries, beyond the current year, making the

handbook a valuable tool for formulating operating budgets and

POMs.          Where applicable, expansion of cost factors to the

outyea.L-s will be accor,,'Ished by using moving averages, time

series forecasting, or probabilistic indexing techniques.                 Our
current efforts to validate OPTEMPO and non-OPTEMPO cost factors

wi ll     he [p reniir-     that USAREUR's share of operating and support

(()&S)     funding for training is adequate to support the U.S. Army's

fighting posture in the event of war.

                                            12
                               0                                0D
                                               U)         or Z                                                    wU        U
                                               wU         ''                                                      )O        z                       -


                                         o     -<         CO        LL                                0 QW
                               0.              >WCc                                                       -       (DL I-
             CfJ                               ccw                                 0                      < ~                   <                       r(

                                               (4)                                   ~                w-J
                                                                                                      U                                             LL                                z
                               ri)<
                                    -F         o CL
                                                          z
                                                          -J         <
                                                                         -j       a.
                                                                                   D42
                                                                                  co                  (a.-
                                                                                                                            -
                                                                                                                                o0U
                   F-
     D                          2
                               <-W1                       L                                           0c                    DL (1)

                M              <         L~ - U           0 ()                                                0 U-                             w.cc;a. ~                          i

                                                                                                                                                                            zCC
                                                                                                                                                                           w-
                             w C  z    C)                        <I~
                                                               z<:            ;                                                                -oj               It
         0                     crZZ <W
                                     O >-                            CLD (o <<                                                                          (L        a.
     0.                                        z                              L                                0                                U
                                                                                                                                               ~w)
                                                                                    -                     u                           z     LIL , .cu                        cC
                               Z         Ccu              -0
                                                                                                 cc 0                                          Lza..ow=<Lr
                                                                                                                                                         LO
                                             Z iU (4)
                                                   r                                             WU)<Q< )                             W        w c  0  Z
     U)(J)
           o                        <w CC<CL<-zLZ                                                             J                                                       o    0 LJ(


                UU                                    C              L                               ,<                               w)zz0                      Da
                                                                Z                                                                     Z-                                              CaU
                               C)F-0           z0 0                               < c                 <                zZ                                                  w>>-


                                                                     W                                                                0rz

                             LUC               <               < -jJ                   .0                                                               C)F )          )   L
           0u
                                                                 -            0                  F        jC           ;-2            2ZX
                                                                                                                                      < 0                        Z         L
                                                                                                                                                                           0jC
                (4)                      CC)
                                                                                                                  ->   <0             W   0             < L            c    z             I
                        <0
cc    <-                                 CmW<                                               ,,            c                                                  0        L    *-aw
                                                                                                                                                                                       Apr 2,   82


              CLEARANCE REQUEST FOR PUBLIC RELEASE OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INFORMATION
TO            k,&SLnL Secreuwry of Defense iPutij c 4ffirs)


A TT 1        D).re-tor                   Freedom of lnforfmaton & Security Revew                                Rm. 2C757. Pentagon
                                                                                          SEE INSTRUCTIONS ON REVERSE
              t-h       'O            r        t    .   d ,n,quotrng       Wv.',m end Cewarele          of DOD rif-sffno,i           ot   0ed for Pubw mwe.i      itn   c doerwciteh DoDD 52309 1
                                                                                                    I   OOCUPEN"T            OESCRIPTION


    -AGE _                   '                                              :i 0t.S       SI.IECT AREA


                                                                                                        2   AUTMOR/SPEAKER

* '.ME         ".1i              it        v11,                                      RANK                                                       1,   TITLE


                                                                                     ,"; ,CF                                                    IQ. AGENC,


 3 -VtSENTA                  lCNrP.El~CATCN                     7.A

                                                                                                                         .     , ,                                      _ .        .


                             4            :'       CONTACT                    .5                                                          PRIOR COORDINATION

    N AME           -                      W        ,                 o,             OF     ICE"


                                 N-       -;--ONE
                                             RE 1,-j,                                   AGENCt.                                ...


E REMARKS


                                                                                   RECOMMENDATION                 OF SUBMITTING OFFICE/AGENCY
&     7.. .r..ncm   o                 e,.,,.' "** 0.0. mOnttu .     AqQn.,v scODye. to, oOIC 's-.414                                             , tn    et, ,nonet O ,n An.
                                                                                                                                                 -Q1,fCtOfl              Re,.,n. Section,       csnar-c.   o'o
     to..r oo,.ot"n                     ,.,.c    n    to. ."1.. o0mg-on, of 0O00 5220 9
                                                       t                                   a" *tno"Is~o                               to -s..   In's 'econ'rt~oolon to, 'Woo-. 04n oer.it of


                                                                                    J    7T 1 3 :
                                                                                                                                                     S I N A TiIR Bj


                1,01
         DD                           19                                   U                C               S EDITION S OBSOLETE
                                                           I~~~,''.,
                                                                  z                                           ,-_ ,.                                                          ).        A


                                                           'N              '-"a'                             ~      'a
                                                                              Alpr 2 82
                                                                                  4(hol 21
            CLEARANCE REQUEST FOR PUBLIC RELEASE OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INFORMATION
TO:                    uiUY Of Moroi. #Public Afton)j
            A&USUIU1 SOC1
ATPI          Diretor, reedom or informtion 4 Security Review, Rm, 20757. Pmnuegon
                                                             SEE INSTRUCTONS ON REVERSZ
                        to be touid #isorguuneeng ,ranow end fleene of 0.0 111orenf.e. prepe for pubi. switop on "# e e waill DODD Alip,111.I
           '1rAe. form Wp
                ___________________                                       I,   OCUMINeT   DESCIPTION4
                                                              TITLE       Resource Estimating Relati0fl8                        ps.,& Facto P,


                decison
                    maing t                            otioeroteneso                          Army in Europe;
     2 n tr                   eain/o                         peratoa
                                                                  cstin odels.t                                    osin


K.~SPoe     n      JME isdJ
                B,Da                  e       e    e   d ,    OF.     C                                 6. AGENC


3. POICS ^ INPBIA I                           AA

     The        subjce            artvicled dos                           no
                                                                          dicontain              iformativeo         mewhich
   dcosodnmatedgwthins USailred tofice ofetheoDeputy CiEfrpe
 ofg.
    Staf    oeaiscs fctrs
                        Manaemen
                           esource                   hODCdRMo.

     n    seniivginopration.lcs                                                      oes


 L    .gAMI. P01 S                        I                   OPhT1If
     Kehn.     avid J.                                       *                 RAD
0. TE     OCI          111    1RI         AFeCoe             t AGE NCY                                  s


 affct             1910am
                     DOD plnsANlcis                                                              orVUoperaions


 * Coordinate                             within                 /S       R U ,O f c               ft eDpt               he
