{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T22:13:45Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 37, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 109427, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/inside-the-pentagon-s-release-of-three-ufo-videos-20.pdf", "source_sha256": "abb4c56c6be89c189c444ddbd84510d01fb7ff587e5f48f464857416145fd8f0"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 2025, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CLEARANCE REQUEST FOR PUBLIC RELEASE OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INFORMATION
(See Instructions on back.)
(This form is to be used in requesting review and clearance of DoD information proposed for public release in accordance with DoDD 5230.09.)
TO: (See Note) Chief, Defense Office of Prepublicatlon and Socurity Roviow, 1155 Defense Pentagon, Washingion, DC 20301-1155
Note: Regular mail address shown above. For drop-oft/next day delivery, use:
Room 2A534, 1155 Defense Pentagon, Washington, DC 20301-1155
9. DOCUMENT DESCRIPTION
a. TYPE
Oral History
a PAGE COUNT
b. TITLE BUNN, Bradley 9-12-2008
d. SUBJECT AREA
National Security Personnel System History Project
36
2 AUTHOR/SPEAKER
a. NAME (Last, First, Middle Initial)
b. RANK
Bunn, Bradley
d. OFFICE
National Security Personnel System Office
3, PRESENTATION/PUBLICATION DATA (Date, Place, Event)
September 12, 2008, NSPS Office, Arlington, VA, Oral History Interview
c. TITLE
Program Executive Officer,
e. AGENCY
DOD
4. POINT OF CONTACT
a. NAME (Last, First, Middle Initial)
Christenson, Joel
5. PRIOR COORDINATION
a. NAME (Last, Firsi, Middle Initial)
Ib. OFFICEJAGENCY
D. TELEPHONE NO. (Include Area Code)
703-697-3367
C. TELEPHONE NO. (Include Area Code)
6. REMARKS
CLEARED
For Open Publication
Nov 28, 2017
Department of Defens
FFICE OF PREPUBLICATION AND SECURITY REVIEI
a. THE ATTACHED MATERIAL HAS DEPARTMENT/OFFICE/AGENCY APPROVAL FOR PUBLIC RELEASE (qualifications, if any, are indicated in
Remarks section) AND CLEARANCE FOR OPEN PUBLICATION IS RECOMMENDED UNDER PROVISIONS OF DODD 5230.09. 1 AM A
GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEE (civilian or military), AND NOT A CONTRACTOR, AUTHORIZED TO MAKE THIS RECOMMENDATION FOR
RELEASE ON BEHALF OF:
Dr. Erin R. Mahan, OSD Chief Historian
D. CLEARANCE IS REQUESTED BY
c. NAME (Last, First, Middle Initial)
Christenson, Joel C.
e. OFFICE
MIMMDD).
d. TITLE
Senior Historian
T. AGENCY
WHS/HLD
Th. DATE SIGNED (MYMMDD)
DD FORM 1910, APR 2016
Dale: 2017,04. 19 13:04:09-0400
PREVIOUS EDITION IS OBSOLETE.
Adobe Professional XI
17-5-1548

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 203, "chars": 1292, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A:
Bradley Bunn
NSPS-007
CLEARED
For Open Publication
Nov 28, 2017
Department of Defense
OFFICE OF PREPUBLICATION AND SECURITY REVIEW
This is an oral history interview with Mr. Bradley "Brad"
Bunn, currently the Program Executive Officer in National
Security Personnel System, Department of Defense. The
interviewer is Diane I. Putney. It's September 12, 2008,
and the interview is taking place at the NSPS office,
Arlington, Virginia.
During the summer of 2004, focus groups were formed.
What's the origin of having focus groups? How were the
groups selected? What were they focusing on?
One of the concerns that many stakeholders expressed as we
started to roll out and communicate our plans with respect
to NSPS was whether we appropriately have the input of
employees, and not just non-supervisory employees, not just
the rank and file, but line managers and supervisors, the
people who would have to be living under this system. when
we retrenched after the strategic pause, we started
revisiting some of the design issues with NSPS, and it did
become clear, and as part of the new approach to rolling
out NSPS, we wanted to make sure we had input from various
stakeholders. Obviously one of the most important of the
stakeholder groups was the employees themselves. What we
1
17-5-1548

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 220, "chars": 1308, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
did was to make a very comprehensive focus group effort to
go out and meet with groups of employees and have a
structured way of getting their insights, getting their
input, asking them questions about what's important to
them, and these questions were thoughtfully designed to
produce the perspective of employees that would be living
under a
new system. We asked questions about pay for
performance, how
they were living under performance
management systems at the time. What were things that they
were most concerned about when they heard about NSPS? What
were
the things
that they were excited about in a positive
way
with NSPS? The idea was to solicit and gather that
input and really feed it
into the overall design process.
Obviously, with hundreds of thousands of employees you
can't get all perspectives, and there is a vast array of
widely varying perspectives and ideas and opinions, but the
idea was to go out and reach out and touch them. I can't
remember off the top of my head how many focus groups we
had, but I think there were dozens of them, and we went all
over the country. All DoD organizations, all the
components, were represented in the focus groups. We left
it to the components to choose which organizations we would
visit.
We actually had contractor support, along with the PEO
2

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 217, "chars": 1351, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
staff support to conduct them, and it was a structured
focus group approach with questions and formal note taking,
so we were using a pretty rigorous process to capture what
we heard. We had focus groups with folks from all different
occupations, all different grade levels, supervisors, non-
supervisors. There was some, a little bit of controversy
over union participation in the focus groups and bargaining
unit employee participation, and if I recall in some cases
we did have bargaining unit employees and even local union
representatives
in the focus groups. It was important for
us not only to capture that and feed it into the design
process but also to provide feedback and publish the focus
group report, and we actually did that. We asked our
contractor to gather, capture all the employee feedback
during the focus groups and put it into a formal report,
and we actually provided that to people, made it available,
and certainly fed it into the design process as we were
formulating different policy options, looking at the
advantages, disadvantages, pros, cons to various choices
in
the design of the system, and bringing that employee
perspective to bear when leadership was thinking about
those different options.
Q: I know that the Department of Homeland Security had used
focus groups. Were you able to tap into their experience of
3

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 205, "chars": 1276, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
how to do it?
A: Yes, OPM was helpful in this, and early on we actually had
a lot of conversations with our counterparts in Homeland
Security, and they were, in terms of their regulatory
process, about a year ahead of us. We met and discussed
with them, but primarily we interfaced with OPM, and they
shared their materials, shared the questions they were
asking, and shared the feedback they actually got in their
focus groups, so we modeled ours roughly on theirs. Ours
was
more comprehensive in terms of outreach just because of
the size, how large we are, and we did try to get feedback
from as many different kinds of organizations as possible
in terms of engineering organizations, installation support
organizations, depots, maintenance, all different kinds of
organizations so we could really see the perspective.
l: It would be helpful, then, that a copy of that is available
with your NSPS archives.
A: On, absolutely.
Q: That would be an important input. The OIPT co-chairman met
with the unions on June 7, 2004, and there were other
meetings between NSPS officials and union representatives
in October and December 2004. The PEO had communication
with the union representatives. What was the purpose of
meeting with the unions in the summer of 2004, even before
4

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 203, "chars": 1326, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
you published the regulations?
A: The law that established NSPS established a process for how
we interacted with labor organizations that represented DoD
employees. Roughly half of the DoD workforce is represented
by labor unions, and they have a formal role as the
exclusive representatives for those employees. We had to
follow that process. It was a new process. The law didn't
say that it was bargaining. It used other terminology, and
the way I characterize it it's meeting with labor
representatives
to get their views, their input into the
design, but something less than negotiation. In the pure
labor relations
sense, when you're engaged in collective
bargaining, two parties come to the table, both with ideas
and interests, and they represent those interests, and
generally they exchange proposals, and they begin to
negotiate terms of the agreement. There's a process in
place for situations where you reach impasse, and
eventually it could lead to a third party dispute
resolution process. Congress set up something that was less
than that, it didn't include those formal collective
bargaining concepts, but clearly they, Congress, desired
the Secretary and the Director of OPM to interact with the
unions, solicit their input, get their feedback, have
meaningful discussions and conversations with them, so we
5

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 216, "chars": 1332, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
would have as part of the overall design process a clear
understanding of the employee representatives' views on
various pieces of the design. The term for it is
essentially "collaboration" versus collective bargaining,
so the meetings were intended to do just that. The early
meetings in June in the summer of '04 were intended to
gather that feedback, and if I recall, we came to the
meeting, but we didn't have all the answers yet. What we
had were ideas, and our approach and our intent with those
meetings was to
start exposing our ideas to the unions and
getting their feedback, getting their reaction. The June
meeting was intended to start discussing
ideas,
collaborate,
brainstorm, and then the follow-on meetings in
the fall were more oriented towards getting to specifics
about what
we intended to do, what we wanted to do. It
started off broad, and then it was intended to narrow down
into some specific concepts, some specific policy and
design choices. That was the basis of those meetings. I
can't say they were, that our desires were satisfied.
[laughter] Those became quite contentious.
Q: But not as contentious as the February 2004?
A: I would say less contentious, but I believe that the labor
organizations were not completely sold on the concept that
was in the statute. The law had a collaborative approach
6

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 209, "chars": 1339, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that did not include collective bargaining. They came from
an environment where, as I said before, two parties come
together, they exchange proposals, try to hammer out an
agreement that's binding, and disputes are settled with a
referee, a third-party referee, and that was not what
Congress had in mind. They had a process that said you get
together, you talk, attempt as much as possible to find
common ground and get to consensus and even allow into the
process a mediation organization. Congress actually
specified the Federal Mediation Conciliation Service - it's
part of the FLRA - to come in and mediate the discussions,
which we actually did, eventually, but, ultimately, the
Secretary and the Director could proceed despite any
disagreements that the labor organizations had.
The other thing that's important is that there were
many labor unions. We invited all of the national union
offices that represented Defense employees, which at the
time was roughly 40, so there were 40 different
organizations, all in the room with DoD and OPM, and they
shared a lot of interest but they also didn't have the same
interests in mind in some areas. The environment,
collaborating with that many organizations coming from
different places, made it a challenge. I think both sides
entered the room with good intentions and in good faith,
7

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 238, "chars": 1318, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
but it was a tough pill for them to swallow since it wasn't
collective bargaining.
Q: At some point, do you recall PEO Mary Lacey stating that
there should be some "going dark" period regarding the
drafting of regulations? I bring this up because Ron
Sanders mentioned this, and he said he had a little
discomfort with that, but then we didn't pursue it.
A:
That was a turn of phrase that Mary used in one of the
meetings with the unions, and I think the idea was we were
going to gather all this
in one place, get all these
concepts on the table, get the input, use the focus group
information, the input used with the union collaboration
process,
and the interest that the leadership in DoD had
for what they envisioned NSPS to be. As part of the design
process there's a point at which you have exhausted all of
the different processes and must get all these varying
ideas on the table, and you narrow down what you really
want to do because at some point you "gotta put pen to
paper" and write the regulation. Mary was referring to the
point at which her staff and the OPM folks who were
dedicated to this
were going to essentially go into the
room and start drafting the regulations, fingers on
keyboards and actually writing them. The turn of phrase she
used was we're going to "go dark" and do that. In other
8

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 1307, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
words, we weren't going to be out in public soliciting
feedback and doing that process anymore, doing the part
that was very transparent when we were out there talking to
people, having meetings, including the union meetings. At
some point we "gotta go dark" and go into the room, shut
the door, close the blinds, and write the regulation
because we're talking about a very complex process to draft
a regulation that takes the concepts and turns them into
executable rules. That's what she was referring to, and, of
course during these meetings, that statement taken out of
context could be used to - and was used to - imply that
we're going to "go dark" - the word "dark" implies and the
connotation was there that we were going to close ranks and
keep everybody out. It was used to make jokes about the
Dark Side and things like that. It was an innocent and
accurate way of describing the design process. Mary Lacey
is a systems person. She knows that at some point you have
to draft, you have to stop talking and start writing, and
that's what that was about.
2: DOD officials met with veterans' groups in 2004 and later.
In 2004 what were the main concerns of the veterans'
groups?
A: They were primarily concerned with really two things: one
was veterans' preference as it relates to former military
9

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 200, "chars": 1332, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and veterans seeking employment in the Department of
Defense. It's a long-established tradition and in civil
service law, in terms of how we appoint people, that
veterans have preference in hiring, and there's a specific
definition of a veteran in law. Their concern was to retain
that concept, very simply put. Their separate main concern
was veterans' preference as it applies to a RIF -- a
reduction in force. Similar to the preference in hiring,
veterans also have a leg up when it comes to reduction in
force and retention standing when you run a RIF. In a
regular RIF, a veteran with fewer years of service could
displace somebody with more years of service who's a non-
veteran; in other words, they're put in a different
category. They're in a higher retention standing. Those
were the two main items, in addition to, as any
organization that represents or advocates for employees,
concerns about performance management, pay for performance,
things like that, but their primary concern was veterans'
preference
in hiring and in retention.
Q: When you were running the Implementation Office back in
January,
February 2004, were you, Ginger Groeber, and Dr.
Chu thinking about changing veterans' preference?
A: There were certainly discussions about that. Veterans'
preference is a confusing web of rules and exceptions to
10

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 218, "chars": 1359, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
rules. Our interest was not necessarily to get rid of
veterans' preference. In fact, DoD hires more veterans than
any other federal organization so the issue was never
wanting to put veterans on the same level as everybody else
and perhaps disadvantage them. That wasn't the idea. The
idea was to streamline how it works so that it's more
understandable and clear both for the organizations that
are hiring people and for applicants who have former
military service. When you look at the five-point, ten-
point veterans'
preference rules and compensably-disabled
veterans, there's
a lot of rules, all intended essentially
to recognize the sacrifices that veterans made for our
country, and that's the tradition of civil service.
weren't departing from that, we were attempting to
streamline it and just make it easier to use. In reduction
in force we did have serious discussions about whether it
is appropriate in a performance-based system to separate or
to put those with veterans' preference in a completely
separate category from everybody else, but on a higher
level. If you're truly serious about a performance-based
personnel system, then performance ought to matter not only
in how we reward and pay people but also how we retain
people when we have to downsize. Our discussions there had
to do with modifying and really changing the way we dealt
11

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 203, "chars": 1316, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
with veterans' preference and reduction in force, the idea
of making performance more important in those retention
decisions. Very, very controversial, a lot of different
viewpoints on that. Heard from the veterans' groups who
were extremely concerned that we were going to harm
veterans with NSPS, with our rules. Some of that was a
philosophical difference of opinion but some of
it was
probably unfair characterization of what we were really
attempting to do. The ultimate outcome was that we ended up
not doing anything different with veterans'
preference in
both hiring and reduction in force.
Q: The proposed NSPS regulations were published on February
14, 2005, and the end of the public comment period was
March 16, 2005. How did the PEO process evaluate the 58,000
public comments?
A: One by one!
[laughter] Almost! That was a huge, huge task,
huge challenge. The 58,000 is probably misleading. It did
not really require us to sit down and read 58, 000 different
sets of comments because we did have a number of form
letters in there, and most of
those were negative, and most
of those were generated by either labor organizations or
other groups that were opposed to pay for performance. We
actually hired a contractor that specialized in the
regulatory process, taking public comments and synthesizing
12

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 209, "chars": 1280, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
them, organizing them, analyzing them, and responding to
them, but it was the PEO staff that did the intellectual
work in terms of reading through the comments,
understanding them, responding to them. We did have help,
contractual help to organize them, ultimately creating a
huge database where all the comments were housed. We broke
it up. The contractor did a first cut of bucketing the
comments in various categories: labor-relations,
performance-oriented, or pay issues. We categorized those
things and then we had teams reviewing those comments based
on those functional areas. There was a team in DoD and OPM
doing it, so the PEO just dove headfirst into all those
comments, and we ultimately had to address each and every
comment that was unique, but we had thousands of form
letters. It became more manageable after we saw the nature
of the comments. There were long days, long nights, and a
lot of tedious work going through them. It was quite a
challenge.
How significant an impact did the public comments have on
designing the NSPS?
A: I would say it was fairly significant. I don't have the
numbers so I don't want to try to characterize majority and
minority thing - but many of the comments were fairly
generic and just negative reaction to the idea of changing
13

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 225, "chars": 1389, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the personnel system. Those you can put into a category,
and it becomes less about "Well, what should we change in
the regs?" and more about, "OK, this set of comments here
expresses preference that we not do anything, that we not
implement an NSPS." That was pretty straightforward. FOr
others that were more thoughtful and specifically addressed
portions of the regulations, we spent a fair amount of time
going through them with the OIPT and making conscious
leadership decisions on how to deal with them. I can't
recall off the top of my head any real specific examples of
changes we made, but we did certainly make changes. The
regulatory process, the administrative procedures
process
in rulemaking, requires that you address each and every
unique comment and essentially dispose of all the comments.
That's why that Federal Register notice is so long. The
preamble addresses all the comments, and you have to give
your policy rationale for accepting or rejecting those
comments. We did make some changes, but again, the majority
of the comments were fairly generic and somewhat negative,
and a high number of them dealt with the labor relations
and collective bargaining aspects of the regulations and
the discipline and appeals portions. Those have to do with
employee rights and the perception that we were stripping
employees of their rights. There was a lot of energy around
14

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 222, "chars": 1340, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that, and a lot of the comments had to do with that issue.
We spent a lot of time trying to communicate that, no,
we're not taking away these rights, we're not stripping
people of the due process or the disciplinary process, and
explaining the policy rationale for why we were doing some
of the things we were doing in labor relations, why we were
making significant modifications to collective bargaining.
They definitely influenced the final product, but the core
conceptual pieces of NSPS, those remained.
Q: After the public comment period closed in March of 2005,
the meet and confer process began in April 2005. Would you
describe the "meet and confer" process and describe the
leeway DoD representatives at the meetings had for making
decisions about issues discussed with the union
representatives?
A: Wow, the meet and confer process, that was quite a time! It
was important that we had the right level of leadership at
those meetings who were empowered to make decisions, so we
had co-chairs from the OIPT -- one from OPM, one from DoD.
The DOD chair of the OIPT, Charles Abell, actually presided
over those meetings, or he was the DoD representative
there, along with a boatload of staff and folks from the
PEO staff to support the discussions. Of course, Mary Lacey
was there from the PEO. We did a lot of actual interaction
15

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 228, "chars": 1375, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
with the unions. From OPM it was George Nesterczuk and Ron
Sanders, primarily, and then those 40-some unions were also
there. It's hard to describe the entire meet and confer
process briefly, but, again, it was contentious, and there
was lots of skepticism, to put it mildly, on the part of
the union representatives. It was a different environment
for them; it was different for us. We hadn't engaged in
national-level discussion with union representatives before
NSPS. We had Partnership back in the '90s, but this was
really discussing
meat and potatoes things, and trying to
do that with that many union representatives was a
challenge. They had coalesced into a coalition, so they did
have a spokesman at the table, but we also had the
representatives from the various unions there, as well. It
was contentious, a lot of speeches, some orchestrated
speeches and walk-outs. We did get down to some brass-tack
items. Some of it resembled collective bargaining in that
there was exchange of papers, exchange of language, and
exchange of this and that. The unions clearly were focused
much more on the labor relations aspects of the system, and
that's
to be expected. They were attempting to figure out
what the labor organization role was going to be in the
future because we were going to change the rules. They
spent most of their energy on that. We didn't get deeply
16

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 229, "chars": 1333, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
into pay for performance, the staffing side of things,
reduction in force. We eventually touched those topics, but
we spent most of the time talking about collective
bargaining and what the union role would be. Scope of
bargaining was a huge issue, national bargaining. From the
government side the people at the table were empowered, but
rarely would we make any decisions right there at the
table, so it wasn't a negotiation where we said, "OK, if
you do this, we'll do this" - done, signed. Ultimately the
final regulations had to be approved by the Secretary of
Defense, the Director of OPM, the Office of Management and
Budget, and then through the OMB regulatory clearance
process - the administration. We couldn't agree and
finalize things, but we certainly were empowered to make
changes that would likely be accepted by those groups. It
was a series of meetings; it was right here in this complex
in Rosslyn.
We would have discussion, some of it not really
germane to the actual regulations, but we did get around to
talking specifics and content. We would meet for an hour,
caucus for an hour, meet for an hour, caucus for an hour.
Some exchanges of paper, things of that nature. And a lot
of it was, "OK, we hear you, we understand your concern,
period." We just weren't able to satisfy what they were
asking us to do.
17

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 209, "chars": 1347, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2: The legislation said that the regulation should be issued
jointly by the Secretary of Defense and the Director of
OPM, but the Office of Management and Budget gets involved,
too, even though the head of that office doesn't sign the
regulations. Describe their role.
A :
OMB represents the administration. They have a dual role.
One is to represent the administration, so they're
representing the interests of the White House. They also
have a
formal role in the regulatory process. OMB
coordinates when regulations are published in the Federal
Register or in the Code of Federal Regulations. We actually
included them in the design process because they were
representing the interests of the administration. They have
staff there that deals with national security and with
personnel issues. They were not a huge player, but they
were keeping an eye on things and keeping their fingers in
things. Ultimately, OMB released the final regulation, so
it's got to go through their clearance process, which
includes a policy legal review, as well as an interagency
review process. Iypically a federal government-wide
regulation that's going to affect lots of agencies goes
through an interagency process. When OPM is issuing their
government-wide regulations, DoD gets the chance to comment
on them before they go final, and that
is facilitated by
18

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 191, "chars": 1242, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OMB. They also do an internal policy review to make sure
that the regulations reflect - to the extent there are
policy choices to be made - the desires of the
administration.
Q: Was an OMB representative usually in the meetings?
A: No, they didn't participate in meet and confer. That was
OPM and DoD.
l:
The final regulations were published in November of 2005.
The regulations, however, required implementing issuances.
Who wrote the implementing issuances, and would you explain
the process of dealing with the unions concerning the
implementing
issuances?
A: The implementing issues were essentially written by the PEO
staff, with lots of help from detailees and other
augmentees
from CPMS and the components, HR policy folks
who
have experience in writing internal DoD policies and
regulations. That's who did it, and it was under the
cognizance and the auspices of the PEO, so Mary Lacey had
oversight of that process. With respect to the union
participation, what we set up in the enabling regulations
was
a process that we essentially called collaboration,
which involved consulting with the unions over the content
of the internal implementing issuances, gathering their
concerns, feedback, etc., and then incorporating that into
19

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 200, "chars": 1235, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the final product that is eventually signed out by the
Deputy Secretary. It was not collective bargaining because
we set it up so that it was something less than collective
bargaining. The unions were not thrilled about that
process, but that's what
we set up in regulations.
2: On November 17, 2005, Secretary England and you went to
Capitol Hill to testify before the Senate Homeland Security
and Government Affairs Committee. Why did you go with
Secretary England and not Mary Lacey? Was this your first
experience
testifying on Capitol Hill? Please describe the
experience.
A: It was
scheduling issue. Mrs. Lacey was, I believe, out
of town; she had a previous commitment, and I suppose she
felt confident that I could represent the PEO, represent
DOD appropriately. Secretary England was comfortable with
me.
Q :
Was this your first time?
A: Yes, my first time sitting at the table. I'd been at
several where I was the guy in the back writing little
sticky notes to the witnesses, but this was the first time
I actually got to sit at the table. Now clearly, the
interest on the part of the committee was that Secretary
England was there, to whom they addressed most of their
questions. Was it the Government Affairs Committee?
20

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 225, "chars": 1339, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Q: It was Homeland Security Government Affairs.
A: Homeland Security, right, so it was not the Armed Services
Committee, which was interesting. It wasn't unprecedented,
but it was rare that the Deputy Secretary would actually
appear at a hearing for that subcommittee. There was
interest in that, and to me it demonstrated the importance
of NSPS to the senior leaders of DoD that he would actually
go to that hearing and not simply delegate it to somebody
else. It was
fascinating for me personally. I was
a
political science major in college, but as
a career civil
servant I rarely dealt directly with those kinds of things,
and you learn a lot about how Congress works when you go to
some of those hearings, especially when you show up and
only one member is there and others are coming and going. I
didn't make a formal statement; I was there to support the
Deputy secretary. He did refer a couple questions to me,
and I answered them. By that time, we had just published
the final regulations, so the concerns, the questions we
got had to do with the process itself. Was it a good
process? Did we include everybody? What are we doing to
make sure that we do this right and protect employees as we
get ready to implement? Those were the major questions, but
yes, it was exciting.
On January 10, 2006, the initial meeting of the NSPS
21

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 198, "chars": 1304, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Performance Management System Redesign Working Group met.
Why was the redesign necessary at that point, and who was
on the Redesign Working Group? What redesign changes were
authorized?
The regulatory process set out enabling regulations that
then allowed a lot of the detail to be worked in the
implementing issuances. When we got down to the specifics
of how
the system was going to work, the performance
management system, the pay-banding system, classification
system, pay for performance system, many of those details
were in process
and not finalized by the time we actually
issued the final regulations. We were doing them in the
implementing issuances. It was an interesting turn of
events. We had been on the path of rolling out a
performance management system that was essentially a
competency based, factor based performance-management
system, where the individuals could be evaluated based on
validated competencies in various areas, technical
competence, communication, teamwork, critical thinking,
leadership - a competency-based approach. That's relatively
typical, and that's how you evaluate people, and each of
those factors would be scored. It would come up to a final
score, and that would drive the rating, and of course the
rating would then drive the shares and the payout. The
22

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 179, "chars": 1129, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
story goes like this: We were doing a demonstration of the
software, the automated tool that we were designing and
building for the field to use in executing the performance
management system, so we brought in the members of the . .
•.
END OF SIDE
Q: Please continue.
A: We were demonstrating what is now known as the PAA, the
Performance Appraisal Application, the
software we're using
to do the performance management process. We demonstrated
the tool by projecting onto the screen what the software
looks like and walking them through the performance
planning and appraisal process. Here's what the employees
are going to see in building a performance plan, here's
what supervisors are going to see, and here's how the
ratings are done. When they saw
how the mechanics oi the
evaluation was done, it started to raise questions in their
minds about whether our system was results-oriented enough,
so what they saw arrayed on the screen was
a list of seven
or eight or nine performance factors. One of them was
achieving results. The others were more competency based:
technical competence, critical thinking, communication,
23

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 243, "chars": 1382, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
leadership, etc. When they saw that, how it rolled out,
they started asking, "Shouldn't we be evaluating people on
what they do, what they achieve, what those things are?" We
said, "One of those is achieving results. That's where you
rate how well they actually delivered on what they were
supposed
to do that year." That triggered a whole
rethinking of how to do the performance evaluation system.
There were a couple of different approaches before we even
got to the redesign piece, and there was some disagreement
even within the OIPT, and with OPM on the best way to do
this. One way was something that DHS was pursuing, which
was to use the competency based approach but mandate that
the achieving
results factor was 50 percent of the rating,
50 percent of the grade. We had some concerns about that in
terms of whether that was really going to produce valid and
effective ratings. Ultimately, we took the issue to the
Deputy Secretary. "We have this issue, this is the path
we've been on, and these are the concerns that have been
raised." Deputy Secretary England - at that time he was the
acting Deputy Secretary, I don't think he had been
confirmed yet - said, "This should be fairly simple. If
I've got an employee, I want to basically put on a piece of
paper, what I want you to do this year: this, this, and
this. OK, good. Sign up to it, and come back at the end of
24

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 236, "chars": 1379, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the year and we'll see how you did, and then we'll give you
the rating." He gave his philosophy on performance
evaluation, and he wanted it to be simple, and he wanted it
to be based on actual job objectives. That's where the
notion of job objectives really came out. We told him, "OK,
we're going to go and redesign the performance evaluation
system. We're going to do an intense short-term effort,
bring in people." It was led by the PEO - by that time
Shirley Scott was on board as the SES in charge of the HR
system design work. We brought in folks from the field,
from the components, from other demonstration projects who
had done performance management systems. OPM was involved,
obviously, and they came up with a series of options on the
best way to do this. The marching orders were: change the
balance here, emphasize and put the focus on results. It
needs to be more results oriented. They worked in a group
environment, intense full-time every day, churning out
options and ideas. The OIPT was meeting on a frequent basis
to 1ook at these and evaluate these different ideas, and
the outcome was
the system we have now, a performance
evaluation system that rates based on job objectives with
those performance elements, competencies as contributing
factors. One of the analogies some of the leadership used
was that of a diving competition. You get points for how
25

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 205, "chars": 1294, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
well you did the dive, but then you get style points. It's
a hybrid of the what and the how, so that performance plans
were not based on these nine factors. The performance plans
are: What are you going to do for the organization this
year? What results are you going to produce this year?
Hence the "SMART" objectives. Then for each of those
objectives, which of these competencies is going to be the
most important, and you have the contributing factors that
can influence the score on the rating of the evaluation
itself. That was the purpose, and that's how the redesign
happened. We worked rather quickly, but I think it was
pretty robust effort. It was intense.
0: Do the contributing factors developed undergo some type of
validation tests?
A: They did, actually. The contributing factors are
essentially the validated competencies that we used in
initially developing the performance system. We hired a
company that specializes in validation and performance
management, and they ran a series of subject matter expert
groups and surveys. Basically, they did a full, formal
validation of all of those competencies, so those are the
same competencies we adopted for the contributing factors,
so those are validated factors.
Q: Along this
line, the Performance Appraisal Application has
26

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 216, "chars": 1347, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
been revised a couple of times, perhaps more. By whom and
how is the appraisal format design tested, and what was the
PEO feedback mechanism informing the PEO of how the
workforce was reacting to the appraisal application itself?
You could do a whole history on the PAA! [laughter] Early
on,
as we were developing the regulations and getting down
to the design of the system itself, there was a keen
interest in having a standard way of doing the performance
management process, so we were going to have a standard
performance management system: five levels, factors, job
objectives, the rating scheme, the shares. That was all
going to be standard enterprise-wide. When you develop
those things you develop the forms that you use to do that.
There was a lot of interest in making that as easy and
smooth as possible and automating it, learning from what
our demonstration projects have done. A lot of them had
automated their versions. We looked at a variety of
different products and approaches to automating the
performance management process, and we settled on a tool
that was
imbedded into the Defense Civilian Data System
that uses an Oracle COTS platform for the transactional HR
system. This is
an out-of-the-box capability that really
looked like what we had originally designed for
performance, which was the factor-based approach to
27

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 231, "chars": 1350, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ratings. There wasn't a whole lot of customization
necessary to develop that, until we did the redesign of the
performance system, and then it got harder. So the design
of that tool had started back in early '05, I believe, or
mid-'05, and then we had to completely redo it when we
changed the design of the performance management system.
Originally the idea was rather than having to fill out a
form or type in a fillable PDF, we were going to automate
this thing. People could log in, get information about
their salary, what pay band they were in, and what
contributing
factors they had. It would capture the
performance plan itself and save it so you don't have to
keep the paper copies of
it - all the classic reasons why
you would automate a business process: security, ease of
use, enterprise capability. That was the philosophy
underlying it, and it was the right decision. It was the
right idea. The other option would be to let the components
go off and figure it out for themselves. Some would use
paper and pencil, some would buy expensive software, some
organizations would develop a local, homegrown tool - no
guarantee on whether those systems were secure or truly
reflective of the NSPS design. The best way to maintain the
enterprise nature of the system itself was to have an
enterprise tool, so that was the idea. The series of
28

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 253, "chars": 1386, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
unfortunate events that unfolded was we had to redesign the
system, the IT piece of the system, to reflect the new
decisions on the performance system, and we didn't have
that ready in time to roll out with the Spiral 1.1. We also
designed it based on theoretical application of the rules,
so this was our first foray in the DCPDS world of building
a tool that would be used by all employees, supervisors, HR
folks, and, having not done that for other performance
systems, it was relatively new. In my view, we over-
engineered the system to try to enforce a lot of the
policies and business rules that were in the NSPS rules. It
had the effect of developing job objectives for your boss
to look at. There's a review that goes back and forth. We
engineered all that into the application, and it became
this ping-pong effect: "OK, I'm going to write my job
objectives, send them to you, you change them, tell me what
to change, send them back to me, and then it's got to go to
another level of review." It got lost. We just made it too
hard for people to use, and, as a result of the redesign in
the hurried way that we did it, it wasn't the most usable,
navigable IT application. People were accustomed to
TurboTax, and we didn't give them Turbotax. In terms of the
feedback, we really didn't anticipate the problems that we
ended up having, so most of the early feedback we got was
29

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 227, "chars": 1338, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
all anecdotal, but it was sharp and broad. Everybody was
complaining about the PAA. It doesn't work, I can't get
into it. . .
• Most of the problems early on had to do with
the passwords because the system at that point had not been
CAC enabled, and to meet the very stringent security
requirements, people had to have complex passwords with
eight or ten characters, wildcards, uppercase, lowercase.
Of course, when you do this process, you probably go in
there only two or three times a year, so it becomes "Gosh,
where did I put that yellow sticky that's got my password
on it?" There was just a
perfect storm of things
devastating in the damage it really caused. The people that
designed the tool did the best they could with what they
had. These were really good, smart, and dedicated folks,
but when you design a system basically from paper, not
basing it on how people actually behave, you're at a
disadvantage from the start. Then when you're working under
a timeline that doesn't allow you to really do the
usability analysis you really need to do, put all that
together with the first attempt at it, and people who were
uncomfortable with NSPS to begin with and just learning it
- you just have this perfect storm. You could do a whole
separate spin-off history of the PAA.
Q: Just a couple of concluding questions. From your
30

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 213, "chars": 1354, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
perspective now, being with NSPS, and going back to 2004,
was the original NSPS statute passed in 2003 covering human
resources, appeals, and labor relations just about right in
its scope, too ambitious, or not ambitious enough?
A: [laughter] Oh, wow! In my view, the scope of the original
legislation was the right scope. In other words, it touched
on all the areas that needed reform. It recognized that
current civil service rules are not designed for today's
Department of Defense, with a unique mission and a changing
national security environment. You need to be able to
compete in a labor market. You need to be able to get the
talent you really need and focus your resources on
competing for the right talent. Do we need a better
compensation system and more flexible compensation?
Absolutely. It gave us the authority to do that. Should we
have a workforce that values performance and rewards
performance? Absolutely. The legislation said have a pay
for performance system that awards performance, recognizes
performance, but also has safeguards imbedded that protect
employees. Yes, that was the right, definitely needed
reform in that area. Employee appeals, adverse actions.
Should we improve the way we handle employees who misbehave
and employees who are doing bad things? Should we
streamline that process so
we can deal with them in a
31

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 1350, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
quicker, less disruptive way, but also balancing that
against the rights of individuals to due process? Although
it's an urban legend that you can't fire a civil servant,
like most stereotypes, there's a kernel of truth to it. The
processes that we have in place now don't lend themselves
to quick action, and we do - it's the nature of the civil
service - err on the side of giving civil servants the
benefit of the doubt when it comes to those things. Also,
there's a lot of procedural justice in place that makes
things a little more difficult and challenging for
management to take action when they want to, but they are
there for a reason. We want to shift that a little bit,
absolutely. The legislation covered that and said, "Yes,
you need to deal with some of that, too." Collective
bargaining, the thing that probably drew the most
attention, really was the attention-getter. Do we need
reform in collective bargaining in the federal service,
especially in a national security organization? Yes, we
probably do. I don't know if it was the fault of the
statute, how we implemented it, or the circumstances,
although there's just some immutable things in this town.
The institutions around collective bargaining in federal
service are strong and deeply rooted, so do we need some
reform? Even the unions will say yes, we need to reform how
32

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 245, "chars": 1352, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
we do things. We do need to make the dispute process
quicker. We do need ways to speed up the bargaining process
itself, absolutely, and I think Congress appropriately gave
us the authority to do that. In my view, the NSPS statute
was scoped correctly in terms of identifying the areas that
needed change, needed reform. Whether it's the fault of the
statute or Congress or us or whomever, it didn't tell us
how to do it, it just said you can do it, you have the
authority to go do it, but we're not going to give you the
guts of it. That opened it up for lots of interpretation,
for many different ways of doing it, for people to put it
in the context of politics rather than pure civil service
reform, so all those factors led to the controversies that
eventually came up. I'm not in a position to say whether
what we did was right, wrong, or whatever. I know what we
did was legal. That was proven by the courts, but rendered
moot by Congress. It's a matter of, OK, was it the right
time to take some of these steps? Was it the right
environment to do that? Maybe trying to bite everything off
with one bite, maybe that was too challenging, but when it
comes to whether the Department of Defense needs a unique
way of dealing with its workforce, given new circumstances,
a new environment, I think yes, the original statute was
scoped correctly.
33

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 204, "chars": 1256, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Q: Is there anything else you'd like to bring up for this
interview that I haven't asked you?
A: I think the two sessions we've had pretty much covered
everything.
Q: Is there anything that you could have done differently or
that you think could have been done differently over all
these years?
A :
I don't necessarily have any personal regrets, but as an
executive and as a leader, hindsight being 20/20, yes,
there are probably some things we could have done
differently. I don't know that we could have built a
better, more productive relationship with the labor unions,
but if I had it to do over again I probably would focus
more on that. I think we underestimated their ability to
influence things. I would have spent some more time trying
to build a more collegial relationship with them. Whether
that would have worked, I don't know, because we really
were attempting to make some fairly institutional changes
to the way that they operate, so that would have been
challenging no matter how good our relationship was, but it
got almost poisonous in a lot of ways, and I think we could
have done that a little better. I think our overall
approach was about as good as it can be, given this
transformation. One thing we could do is before we start
34

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 230, "chars": 1335, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
paying people based on their performance, roll out a
performance management system and test it before we start
putting people's pay at risk. A lot of folks have said
that. That's been the mantra of a lot of GAO reports and
paper from other organizations. "Prove to me that you can
do good performance management before I let you affect
people's pay." I do not think that would have worked
because we've been trying to do good performance management
for a long time, but never had any real incentive to do it,
and there are no consequences to whether you do it well or
not. I'm not sure that would've produced much. People say,
"You should've slowed down on the pay side of pay for
performance," but if you're really going to have a pay for
performance system you have do them in tandem. I don't
think I would have done things all that differently.
Communications and training, I'm not sure we could have
done a better job there. I think we did about as good a job
as you can, given the circumstances. We were lucky to have
senior leadership engagement and support, so we were
resourced appropriately in my view. When we needed money we
got money, when we needed people we got people. So aside
from our relationship with the labor unions, I'm not sure I
would have done it that differently.
Q: OK, that's a good note to end on then.
35

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 3, "chars": 22, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
BEND OF INTERVIEW

36
