{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T00:21:33Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1461125, "source_ctime_ns": 1790470404262904054, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/inside-the-pentagon-s-release-of-three-ufo-videos-8.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790470305172439341, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/inside-the-pentagon-s-release-of-three-ufo-videos-8.pdf", "source_sha256": "f9265fe806a7fc6389b24239948f50a12e11cc936b862af803393e271a9c1c38"}

CLEARANCE REQUEST FOR PUBLIC RELEASE OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INFORMATION
                                                           (See Instructions on back.)
  (This form is to be used in requesting review and clearance of DoD information proposed for public release in accordance with DoDD 5230.9.)

   TO: (See Note)       Chief. Office of Security Review.        1155 Defense Pentagon. Washington, DC 20301-1155
   Note: Regular mail address shown above. For drop-off/next day delivery, use:
         Room 12047, 1777 North Kent Street, Rosslyn, VA 22209-2133

1. DOCUMENT DESCRIPTION
a. TYPE                                       b. TITLE
         Paper                                           Cyber Range Interoperability Standards (CRIS) Cyber Range Lexicon
c. PAGE COUNT                                 d. SUBJECT AREA
                  23                                              Test and Evaluation
2. AUTHOR/SPEAKER
a. NAME (Last, First, Middle Initial)         b. RANK                   c. TITLE
Pathmanathan, Arjuna                                     GS-15                     JMETC Deputy PM for Engineering
d. OFFICE                                                               e. AGENCY
            OSD                                                                      AT&L/TRMC
3. PRESENTATION/PUBLICATION DATA (Date, Place, Event)                                          CLEARED
 09.25.2015- JMETC website (www.JMETC.org)                                                For Open Publication

                                                                                               Sep 25, 2015

                                                                                            Department of Defense
                                                                                  OFFICE OF PREPUBLICATION AND SECURITY REVIEW
4. POINT OF CONTACT
a. NAME (Last, First, Middle Initial)                                                                 b. TELEPHONE NO. (Include Area Code)
Torrico, Neyer, A                                                                                                 571-372-2703
5. PRIOR COORDINATION
a. NAME (Last, First, Middle Initial)         b. OFFICE/AGENCY                                        c. TELEPHONE NO. (Include Area Code)
None


6. REMARKS
Please e-mail clearance to neyer.a.torrico.ctr@mail.mil


7. RECOMMENDATION OF SUBMITTING OFFICE/AGENCY
a. THE ATTACHED MATERIAL HAS DEPARTMENT/OFFICE/AGENCY APPROVAL FOR PUBLIC RELEASE (qualifications, if any, are indicated in
   Remarks section) AND CLEARANCE FOR OPEN PUBLICATION IS RECOMMENDED UNDER PROVISIONS OF DODD 5320.9. I AM
   AUTHORIZED TO MAKE THIS RECOMMENDATION FOR RELEASE ON BEHALF OF:

  Director, Test Resource Management Center

b. CLEARANCE IS REQUESTED BY            20150925                (YYYYMMDD)

c. NAME (Last, First, Middle Initial)                                   d. TITLE
Pathmanathan, Arjuna                                                               JMETC Deputy PM for Engineering
e. OFFICE                                                               f. AGENCY
OSD                                                                     AT&L/TRMC
g. SIGNATURE                                                                                          h. DATE SIGNED (YYYYMMDD)


DO FORM 1910, JAN 2006                                PREVIOUS EDITION MAY BE USED.                                   FormFlow/Adobe Professional6.0
                                                            DRAFT


                                   CRIS Cyber Range Lexicon
                                          Version 1.0
                                                             A Product of the
                      Cyber Range Interoperability Standards (CRIS) Working Group (WG)

                                                                                                    CLEARED
                                                                                               For Open Publication

                                                                                                     Sep 25, 2015

                                                                                                  Department of Defense
                                                                                       OFFICE OF PREPUBLICATION AND SECURITY REVIEW


          Prepared under the direction of the U.S. Department of Defense; Office of
            the Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics;
                 Office of the Director, Test Resource Management Center


                                                                    1
                    This work is sponsored by the Test Resource Management Center under Air Force Contract #FA8721-05-C-0002.
Opinions, interpretations, conclusions and recommendations are those of the author and are not necessarily endorsed by the United States Government.
                                                                    DRAFT


TABLE OF CONTENTS

Table of Contents .................................................................................................................................................. 2
LIST OF FIGURES ................................................................................................................................................... 2
1.0 Preface ............................................................................................................................................................... 3
  1.1 Scope .............................................................................................................................................................. 3
  1.2 Policy of Inclusion of Terms ................................................................................................................. 3
  1.3 Document Organization ......................................................................................................................... 3
  1.4 Update Plan and Availability ................................................................................................................ 4
2.0 Cyber Range Terminology .......................................................................................................................... 5
  2.1 Summary (Non-Normative) .................................................................................................................. 5
  2.2 Definition of Terms (Normative) ........................................................................................................ 6
  2.3 Reference Documents .......................................................................................................................... 22
3.0 Acknowledgements .................................................................................................................................... 23


LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: Concept Map of Lexicon Terms (Non-Normative) ................................................................ 5
Figure 2: Data View ........................................................................................................................................... 11
Figure 3: Event Team........................................................................................................................................ 11
Figure 4: Planes and Teams ........................................................................................................................... 13
Figure 5: Simulation, Emulation, and Model ........................................................................................... 16
Figure 7: Logical Range .................................................................................................................................... 17
Figure 8: Logical Ranges at a Single Site ................................................................................................... 18
Figure 9: Logical Ranges from Multiple Sites and Multiple Ranges ............................................... 18
Figure 10: MSEL, Mission Thread, and Event Vignette........................................................................ 19


                                                                              2
                                   DRAFT


1.0 PREFACE
Numerous organizations have created tailored processes for conducting cyber-range
events. Such events may require, in addition to cyber, integration with kinetic and
networked infrastructure assets and capabilities. Several kinds of tools have been designed
and used in these events. The variety of tools have made the process of conducting events
longer and more expensive than necessary due to semantic and syntactic mismatches
among the myriads of tools used.
Cyber Range Interoperability Standards Working Group (CRIS WG) was founded in 2012 to
identify the requirements, and to recommend the standards necessary to accomplish the
goals stated above. The CRIS WG consists of cyber-range practitioners from government,
industry, and academia and is sponsored by the Department of Defense (DoD) Test
Resource Management Center (TRMC). The CRIS WG is open to all participants from the
United States Government or its contractors who conduct or support cyber-range events
currently, or plan to do so in the future. Communities supported by the CRIS WG include,
but are not limited to, Science & Technology (S&T) experimentation, Developmental and
Operational Test and Evaluation (DT&E, OT&E), cyber force training, and mission
rehearsal.
To facilitate discussions among these related communities, the CRIS WG is establishing a
common cyber-range lexicon. This document contains the current version of this lexicon.
This publication supplements standard English-language dictionaries and standardizes
cyber range and associated terminology to improve communication and mutual
understanding of cyber range activities within the DoD, and possibly with other federal
agencies of the United States and its allies.

1.1 SCOPE
The Cyber Range Lexicon defines standard terminology to describe all the activities
associated with Cyber Ranges. This lexicon has been discussed and refined by the
participants of the Cyber Range Interoperability Standards Working Group. The CRIS WG
recommends the use of the terminology defined in this lexicon for Cyber Range Events.

1.2 POLICY OF INCLUSION OF TERMS
Cyber Range Lexicon is defined to aid cyber range practitioners, and may define or refine
terms already defined in other widely used publications. Wherever possible, such inclusion
of terms is accompanied by a reference to the source publication. If a term is defined
substantially differently than another widely used publication, CRIS WG will do its best to
clarify any such differences.

1.3 DOCUMENT ORGANIZATION
This lexicon includes concept graph(s) to help users understand the relationship among the
terms. The concept graph(s) are not normative parts of the lexicon, and are included only
to enhance the understanding and use of the terms. Explanatory notes provided with a
definition are meant to describe the applicability of the term. The document is separated
into sections to facilitate electronic searching and readability.


                                         3
                                   DRAFT


1.4 UPDATE PLAN AND AVAILABILITY
The CRIS WG has adopted a tiered plan to create and update this lexicon. The first and
current version is 1.0, and the version number will be advanced incrementally until the
CRIS WG has considered terminology for all the basic activities associated with cyber
ranges. To support this tiered plan, this publication will be updated and extended with new
terminology periodically as the CRIS WG considers additional areas related to cyber ranges.
The latest released version and latest working version of this lexicon are available from
CRIS WG Technical Lead, listed in the “Acknowledgements” section. Any comments and
corrections should be directed at CRIS WG Technical Lead.


                                         4
                                     DRAFT


2.0 CYBER RANGE TERMINOLOGY
2.1 SUMMARY (NON-NORMATIVE)
A Cyber Range is a type of Range that has a designated set of assets and capabilities to
conduct an Event in cyber space. A Range contains a set of assets and capabilities located at
one or more sites. A Range has a single Range Manager. A capability may be infrastructure
elements (e.g., hardware, networks, etc.), instrumentation, tools (e.g. visualization, traffic
generation, etc.), processes, facilities, and/or workforce. A Logical Range provides an
interoperable set of networked assets and capabilities through a Secure Interconnection of
capabilities within one or more Ranges. An Event is conducted according to an Event
Process using Cyber Range Support Tools and infrastructure. The Cyber Range Support
Tools and Infrastructure are hardware or software that are not targetable during an Event,
and are not considered part of the Event Operating Environment. On the other hand, tools
used in Event Operating Environment are targetable, since these tools are considered part
of Event Operating Environment.


                 Figure 1: Concept Map of Lexicon Terms (Non-Normative)


                                          5
                                     DRAFT


2.2 DEFINITION OF TERMS (NORMATIVE)
Asset: A major application, general support system, high impact program, physical plant,
mission critical system, personnel, equipment, or a logically related group of systems
consisting of hardware, software, instrumentation, infrastructure elements, tools,
processes, facilities, and workforce. Source: Adapted from [CNSSI-4009]
Asset Verification: The process of verifying that the Assets deployed in an Event satisfy
their respective specifications.
Authorizing Official (AO): A senior (Federal) official or executive with the authority to
formally assume responsibility for operating an information system at an acceptable level
of risk to organizational operations (including mission, functions, image, or reputation),
organizational assets, individuals, other organizations, and the Nation. Source:
[NIST.SP.800-53r4]
Background Traffic Plan: The plan that describes the characteristics of the background
traffic Simulation. This plan is created during the Planning phase.
Baseline Event Operating Environment: The initial state of the Event Operating
Environment for an Event execution. There may be multiple Baseline Event Operating
Environments if an Event is executed multiple times with altered initial states.
Blue Team: (1) The group of individuals that represent the U.S. or its allies in a Cyber-
Range Event, and either defend against an adversary attack or exploit/attack adversary
systems in order to protect Cyber Key Terrain, (2) The group of individuals that conduct
vulnerability evaluations of an Event Operating Environment. Source: Adapted from
[CNSSI-4009]
Command & Control (C2): The act of controlling the execution of an Event through
commands issued during Event Execution.
Capability: A specific service or technique, realized using Asset(s) that addresses a specific
need. Capabilities can be integrated with other capabilities in an Event Environment.
Capability Developer: The organization or entity that develops a specific Capability that
may be used in an Event.
Checkpoint: The process of creating a snapshot so that an execution can be restarted using
the snapshot, if needed.
Cyber Key Terrain (CKT): The physical and logical elements within the Event Operating
Environment that enable mission essential warfighting functions. Source: Adapted from
[BGJF-2012]
Capability Provider: The organization or entity that provides a specific Capability that
may be used in an Event.
Constructive Simulation: See Live, Virtual, and Constructive (LVC).
Control Data: The detailed content of the issued commands and their order and timing
during an Event Execution.


                                          6
                                    DRAFT


Control Data Exchange Model: This model consists of a set of Control Data definitions
along with a protocol for exchanging the control data definitions.
Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative): This model may come with a standard software
infrastructure for automating the data exchange on the control plane.
Control Environment: The tools and systems used to manage the Event Operating
Environment and the actions of human participants on the Event Operating Environment.
Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative): The tools within the Control Environment include the
C2 tools for monitoring and managing the progress of MSEL executions. When a traffic
generator is used, it is also placed in the Control Environment.
Control Plane: Control Plane includes the people, process, and tools used during the
execution phase of an Event to ensure smooth progress of Event Execution by applying
Control Data to all the planes, especially to the Event Plane.
Control (Plane) Network: The network that connects the control tools, such as used by
the White Team, to the software and hardware used in the event. This is usually a
completely separate network from the Event Plane Network so that the control activities
do not in any way interfere with Event execution.
Cyber Range: A designated set of assets and capabilities which can be integrated at the
appropriate classification levels and controls to conduct research, development,
demonstration, testing, or evaluation of military capabilities supported in, through, and
from cyberspace, or to train military personnel in conducting cyber operations.
Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative): The assets and capabilities in a Cyber Range may be
entirely from a single Range or from multiple Ranges. If the capabilities are from multiple
Ranges, they must be integrated into a Logical Range prior to conducting an Event.
Cyber-Range Event (or Event): A planned, controlled, and scheduled set of activities
conducted on a Cyber Range to meet specific goals, objectives, or requirements. Events
include, but are not limited to, experimentation, test and evaluation (S&T, DT&E, OT&E,
LFT&E), Tactics, Techniques, and Procedure (TTP) development, Concept of Operations
(CONOPS) development, demonstration, mission rehearsal, training, or exercise.
S&T: Science & Technology
DT&E: Development Testing & Evaluation
OT&E: Operational Testing & Evaluation
LFT&E: Live Fire Testing & Evaluation
Cyber-Range Event Operating Environment (or Event Operating Environment): The
combination of representative operational environment elements, including Systems Under
Test (SUT), emulations and simulations, and related Event Operating Environment Tools
that satisfy the requirements of a specific Event. Examples of representative operational
environments are air defense operations centers, battalion command posts, etc.
Cyber-Range Event Operating Environment Tools (or Event Operating Environment
Tools): Event Operating Environment Tools are hardware and/or software (e.g.,
instrumentation, asset emulators, simulators, mission traffic emulators, etc.) that are part


                                         7
                                    DRAFT


of an Event Operating Environment.       An Event Operating Environment Tool may be
targeted during Event execution.
Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative): Event Operating Environment Tools are
distinguished from the Cyber Range Support Tools in two significant ways: 1) Different
Cyber Range Support Tools may be used at different Cyber Ranges. Event Operating
Environment Tools (such as scanners) are specified within the Event Operating
Environment and are ideally expected to remain the same or provide an equivalent
capability no matter where the Event is conducted; 2) Cyber Range Support Tools cannot
be targeted during the execution of an Event. In contrast, Event Operating Environment
Tools may be targeted.
Cyber-Range Event Process (or Event Process): An established, documented, and
repeatable set of procedures, along with entrance and exit criteria, for conducting Events.
The Event Process workflow includes but is not limited to event planning, design,
configuration, and execution; data collection, data management, analysis, and archiving;
and range sanitization.
Cyber-Range Event Support Environment (or Event Support Environment): The
combination of Cyber Range Support Tools and infrastructure elements used to support a
specific Event, including Control Environment and Instrumentation Environment.
Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative): Cyber Range Support Tool is defined below. The
infrastructure elements include the hardware (e.g., servers) and software on which an
Event Support Environment is created or instantiated.
Cyber Range Support Tools: Hardware and/or software used to support an Event but are
not part of the Event Operating Environment. Cyber Range Support Tools include tools for
conducting pre-event execution activities (design, set-up, configuration, site asset
management, asset scheduler, range validation, etc.), event execution (health and status
monitoring, visualization, etc.), and post-event execution activities (data analysis, after-
action reporting, data archive/storage, range sanitization, etc.). A Cyber Range Support
Tool must not be targeted during an event execution.
Data Analysis: Analysis of the Event Data in conjunction with the Event Model. This
activity includes report generation and is conducted by Event Analysts, and happens in the
Post-Execution Phase.
Data Aggregation: The process of collecting event data from multiple sources including
Probes and Data Collection Logs for the purpose of monitoring, correlating, and analysis.
Data Archival: The process of compressing and storing event data for the purpose of
analysis at a later time.
Data Collection Plan: The plan that describes where, how, and when data should be
collected and stored during an Event, specifically during Event Execution, to support
calculation of Event Metrics and Data Analysis.
Data Collection Log: Where the event data collected by a Probe is stored. There can be one
or more Data Collection Logs associated with one or more Probes.
Deployment Phase: See Event Phase.


                                         8
                                    DRAFT


Designated Approval Authority (DAA): A Designated Approval Authority is a person
responsible for approving the security aspect of a system, a site, a range, or the entire
event. This term has been replaced by the term Authorizing Official (AO).
Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative):
There are many DAAs that collaborate on creating and approving the security architecture
used in an event. DAAs are designated by either the event sponsor, a site, or a range to
authorize aspects of the event to operate at specific security levels in accordance with
approved security procedures of the cognizant security agencies (e.g. DIA, DSS, DNI, etc.)
They have final approval authority over security plan for their element of the event
environment and event cases. They define the security role each cyber range will play in
the event based on event plan requirements and each range’s capabilities. This typically
involves review and contribution to the Interconnect Security Agreement (ISA) that
documents a local range’s asset, protection levels, and security procedures. The Event DAA
adjudicates resource and design conflicts among Range DAAs as needed, and produces the
Interconnect Security Agreement (ISA), and obtains approval of the cognizant security
agencies.
Demonstration Event: See Event.
Emulation: See Simulation.
Event (or Cyber-Range Event): An Event is conducted in a Logical Range by bringing
together people, process, capabilities, and infrastructure to achieve specific objectives
whose success can be quantified with key metrics. Examples of types of Event are test and
evaluation, training, experimentation, exercise, TTP development, and mission rehearsal.
Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative):
A Test & Evaluation Event is conducted to verify and validate against specific criteria or
requirements. An Exercise Event is conducted for the purpose of evaluating operational
readiness with the current Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures. A Training Event is
conducted for the purpose of training personnel. An Experimentation Event is conducted
for the purpose of exploring new hypotheses, or evaluating a hypothesis. A Demonstration
Event is conducted to demonstrate a capability to a target audience. A TTP development
event is conducted to develop Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures for a mission.
Event Agreement: Event Agreement is a document authored by the Event Coordinator,
and signed off by all of the participating sites and physical ranges constituting the Logical
Range. The person signing off from each such site/range must have the authority to commit
resources. This document also includes basic schedule commitments.
Event Analyst: The individual or organization that defines during the event design phase
what data needs to be collected during the execution of an Event, and also analyzes the
collected Event Data and produces Event Reports.
Event Architect: The person(s) responsible for designing, implementing and validating an
Cyber-Range Event Operating Environment and Cyber-Range Event Support Environment
in coordination with the Event Coordinator, and according to the Event requirements.


                                          9
                                       DRAFT


Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative): The Event Architect must take into consideration
performance requirements such as adequacy of bandwidth between distributed sites,
potential stress and loading implications due to the Event design, in addition to functional
requirements. Event Architect baselines the Cyber-Range Event Operating Environments,
and also designs and implements health and status monitoring throughout the cyber event
process.
Event Coordinator: The person(s) who coordinate with the Event Architect, Event
Director, Event Sponsor, and Resource Owners to ensure the required assets and
capabilities are provisioned for an Event.
Event Command and Control Team: This team supports the Event execution, and exists
in the Control Plane. The Range Support team and White teams are two components of this
team.
Event Data: This is the data that is collected during the execution of an Event, including
packets, logs, events, state and status. A portion of this data (defined in the data collection
plan—a part of the analysis plan) may be available for real-time analysis. Some data may
only be available after execution. This data is defined in the analysis plan and the format is
described in the event model and event plan.
Reduced Data: Data that has been created by the post-processing process, which may include
summary data and overview of important metrics.
Reusable Data: Data that has been created for or generated in an Event that may be of value to
future Events. This data may include initialization data, scenario definitions, Event Model
definitions, scripts, etc.
Initialization Data: Data that is used to initialize the Event Operating Environment at the start of
the Event execution.
Instrumentation Data: Data that is collected using instrumentation over entities in Event
Operating Environment. While Instrumentation Data form an important subset of Event Data.


                                            10
                                    DRAFT


                                    Figure 2: Data View
Event Director: The person is designated by the Event Sponsor to be in charge of all
phases of the event. The Event Director has the final approval authority over the technical
design of the Event Operating Environment and Event Scenarios. Event Director defines the
role each participating Cyber Range in the Logical Range will play in the Event based on
Event Engineering Plan requirements and each Cyber Range’s capabilities; and delegates
the design of the event to the Event Architect and the specific Range Engineers responsible
for instantiating the event. The Event Director adjudicates resource and design conflicts
among Range Engineers in accordance with each range’s role, and approves the final Event
Plan Document.


                                   Figure 3: Event Team
Event Engineering Plan (or Event Plan): The Event Engineering Plan, written by the
Event Architect and Event Director, describes in detail how the event is going to be
executed. The Event Plan includes the event schedule, the Event Environment specification,
the Event Scenario specification, the set of Event Metrics to be calculated, the requirements


                                         11
                                    DRAFT


for instrumentation and data storage, and the responsibilities of each range that is part of
the Event. The final Event Plan document is the final version of this document is approved
by the Event Sponsor.
Event Environment: A term used to collectively refer to (Cyber Range) Event Operating
Environment, (Cyber Range) Event Support Environment, Control Plane elements, and
Instrumentation Plane elements.
Event Execution: The execution of the Event Scenarios during the Execution Phase.
Event Goal: See Event Objective.
Event Metrics: Metrics for the Event such as Measures of Effectiveness (MOE), Measures of
Performance (MOP), and Measures of Survivability (MOS), Key Performance Indicators
(KPI), or Critical Success Factors.
Event Model: A precise specification of Event Operating Environment, Control Data, and
Instrumentation.
Event Objectives (or Event Goals): The objectives of an Event as specified by the Event
Sponsor.
Event Operating Environment: See Cyber-Range Event Operating Environment.
Event Phase (or Phase): A Cyber-Range Event Process consists of four phases: Planning,
Deployment, Execution, and Post-Execution. Some or all of these phases may be iterated
through or activated multiple times in a single Event.
Planning Phase: To begin this phase, requirements for the Event are defined by the Event
Sponsor. Subsequently, the Event Team clarifies these requirements, designs the Event, and
creates the Event Engineering Plan. All the artifacts necessary for the subsequent Event
Phases are created in this phase.
Deployment Phase: In this phase, the assets and capabilities are acquired, verified,
deployed, configured, and validated. All necessary preparations to execute the Event,
including deployment of the Control Plane and Instrumentation Plane happen in this phase.
Execution Phase: In this phase, the Event is executed over the Event Operating
Environment, monitored, and Event Data is collected and saved for future data analysis.
Some Events may have multiple Event Execution Phases in parallel, or in series.
Post-Execution Phase: In this phase, Event Data is analyzed and the Logical Range is
sanitized. Optionally, the Logical Range, and the constituent Physical Ranges are also
dismantled. The Data Analysis activity may happen long after the Event Execution Phase.
Event Plan: See Event Engineering Plan.
Event Plane: Event Plane includes the entities in Event Operating Environment. The Blue
Team and the Red Team operate in the Event Plane. The Event Plane is always separate
from the Planning Plane. In many situations, the Event Plane is also separated from the
Control and Instrumentation Planes.
Event Plane Network (or Event Network): This network exchanges all the information
generated within the Event Operating Environment. The Event Network is used to


                                          12
                                    DRAFT


exchange cyber information, attacks, defenses, background traffic, etc. This also may be the
“network under test” itself. In a tactical environment this network contains all the tactical
messages. In a simulation environment this network contains all the simulation state and
event messages.


                                Figure 4: Planes and Teams
Event Plane Team: This team has participants in Event Scenarios, and these participants
interact with the Event Operating Environment during Event Execution. The Event Plane
Team consists of two separate teams: the Red Team and the Blue Team.
Event Reports: Reports generated in the Post-Execution phase such as the Final Event
Report, After Action Report, Fact Sheet, Take Home Package, and the Quick Look Report.
Event Requirements Document: This document defines the Event Sponsor’s needs in
terms of operational, technical, and mission requirements, metrics, and event objectives to
be achieved, questions to be answered, conclusions to be drawn, and constraints on the
event.
Event Scenario: A “scenario” for a cyber event is the planned sequence of actions and
events that must take place during the event execution in the Event Plane.
Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative):
The Event Scenario description includes relevant operational organizations, resources,
missions, and threats that will interact with the SUT(s). The Event Scenario provides
insight into what operational entities are required and how they interact as an Event is
executed. Any operational constraints imposed by requirements should be specified, such
as organization behaviors and rules of engagement. An Event Scenario can be specified in
the form of a Master Scenario Event List (called the MSEL). An Event Scenario consists of a
set of Mission Threads that may be constrained by Event Vignettes.
Event Sponsor: The organization(s) or designated person(s) funding and specifying the
goals, objectives, or requirements of an Event.


                                         13
                                       DRAFT


Event Team: The personnel (such as the Event Architect, Event Director, Capability
Provider) assigned to an Event and responsible for executing the Event under the direction
of the Event Director.
Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative): The Event Team does not include human role players
or agents or proxies; they are referred to as capabilities.
Environment Validation: The process of ensuring that the Event Environment to be
deployed, or already deployed, satisfies the functional and non-functional requirements in
Event Requirements document. The functional requirements may include specific Asset
type requirements, and connectivity needs. The non-functional requirements may include
specific performance needs.
Event Vignette: See Mission Thread.
Execution Phase: See Event Phase.
Exercise Event: A military maneuver or simulated wartime operation involving planning,
preparation, and execution that is carried out for the purpose of training and evaluation.
Source: Adapted from [JP 1-02]
Experimentation Event: See Event.
Final Event Report: This report assesses the actual event execution in comparison with
the event plan. Any data collection problems are documented and the results of the quick-
look assessments and analysis goals are documented. Conclusions are drawn based on the
collected event data understood according to the principles, metrics, and objectives
elucidated in the analysis plan.
Force Action Verification: White Cell confirmation that the Blue and Red Force actions
and reactions conform to the MSEL.
Green Team: See Range Support Team.
Gray Team: In some events, these teams conduct non-malicious activity, but do not play an
offensive or defensive role. Gray teams may include operators creating realistic network
communications/traffic, and providing, often high fidelity, simulations within the Event
Plane. This role may be automated through the use of traffic generators, and in such
situations the operators of the traffic generators are included in the Gray Team.
Health and Status Monitoring: Confirming that the support infrastructure for event
execution is operating within the established configuration specifications.
High-Level Scenario: A description of the vignettes and/or mission threads of the event in
the customer’s operational terms and generally without regard to how the scenario will be
implemented.
High-Level Schedule: This schedule gives high-level guidance on when the activities and
steps are performed, including time lines, and milestones.
Initialization Data: See Event Data.
Instrumentation Data: See Event Data.


                                          14
                                     DRAFT

Instrumentation Environment: This environment includes the probes and other instruments
aimed at collecting data from the entities in the Event Operating Environment, data collection
systems, data pre-processing systems, and data archival systems.
Instrumentation Plane: The Instrumentation Plane includes the people, process, and
environment used for instrumenting, i.e., installing probes, and collection of data from the
Event Operating Environment.
Instrumentation (Plane) Network: This network is used to collect data from
instrumentation attached to the computers and software participating in the event. This
network is conceptually distinct from the others so that the data collection process (from
instrumentation) can be done without interfering with the cyber event itself. The
Instrumentation Network may be logically and physically separate from the Control and
Event Networks to prevent any impact to Event execution and its control due to the
instrumentation and data collection.
Instrumentation Team – The Team responsible for the probes, and the data collection
process. This team may also deploy real-time monitoring tools to support the White Cell in
specific aspects such as shot validation. This team is also responsible for archiving the data
collected.
Joint Exercise Control Group: White Cell is called Joint Exercise Control Group in some
exercises. Provides all administrative command and control for a given training event. The
Joint Exercise Control Group provides control functions during exercise execution to
manage and synchronize event scenarios (MSELs), conduct observation and data collection
of event and team performance, and record observations, lessons learned, and identifies
issues for after action reporting. The Joint Exercise Control Group coordinates efforts and
provides overall control of the exercise, monitors and controls exercise execution, and
provides ground truth and real-time feedback. Adapted from [UST-36-36]
Lessons Learned Document: This document provides insight into the relative merits of any
implementation and configuration options explored in the event. It also describes any
problems encountered in the planning and execution of the cyber event and, from
hindsight, describes how the event could have been better constructed.

Live Simulation: See Live, Virtual, and Constructive (LVC).
Live, Virtual, and Constructive (LVC) Cyber: A term used to qualify a simulation or assets
that support Live, Virtual, and Constructive cyber simulation.
Model: A physical, mathematical, or otherwise logical representation of a system, entity,
phenomenon, or process. Source: [DMSO] (Defense Modeling and Simulation Office)
Simulation: A method for implementing a Model over time.
Emulation: Simulation of a Model that accepts the same inputs and produces the same
outputs as a given system. Source: [SISO-REF-002-1999]


                                          15
                                     DRAFT


                        Figure 5: Simulation, Emulation, and Model
Live Cyber Simulation: In this type of simulation, real-world Assets operate on/with real-
world systems and protocols. These Assets are vulnerable and reachable by attacks,
exploits, and performance degradation from the physical, electromagnetic, and/or digital
domains. Even though real-world Assets are used, these are considered simulations
because the scenario is simulated and attacks are not conducted against a live enemy.
Examples:
• Actual operators, actual network devices, actual machines, actual non-
   emulated/simulated software
• Packet, protocol, or frequency level attack and response launched by actual systems
   and/or live attackers
Virtual (Cyber) Simulation: In this type of simulation, actual Assets may interact with
simulated or emulated systems, and simulated or emulated Assets may interact with actual
systems. When actual Assets interact with protocol-level fidelity representations of real-
world systems, where ease of (re)configuration, replication, restoration and physical
limitations make a virtual system preferred over the live one, there is no physical
representation of the real-world system, so a virtual system only provides a cyber "attack
surface," i.e. protocol/packet interfaces are provided, but not asset internals susceptible to
non-cyber attacks.
Examples:
• Asset emulators running on virtual machines
• Automated response of a virtual machine to an attack
• Replay of a logged live attack onto the live or virtual systems
• Automated or semi-automated attack simulators that replicate the actions of a live red
   team or real world threat
• Simulated users (Assets) in a traffic generator using actual systems to generate traffic
• Accurate (high-fidelity) representations of sysadmin GUIs
Constructive (Cyber) Simulation: In this type of simulation, simulated or emulated Assets
interact with parameterized simulated or emulated systems. The simulated systems are not
vulnerable to direct live or virtual exploits and manipulation; characterized by lower
fidelity global/enterprise-level networks and effects representations.
Examples:
• Simulated internet-scale traffic generation, background noise and high-volume grey-
   space
• Virus infection & worm propagation simulations
• Asset representations with simulation interfaces that must be translated or bridged to
   connect with virtual and live assets


                                          16
                                    DRAFT


            Figure 6: Live, Virtual, Constructive Simulations (Non-Normative)
Notes:
   1. Emulation may go beyond input-output matching, and could also include partial or
      complete cyber representation of internals of a system.
   2. Actual Assets may also interact with simulated systems in a constructive simulation
      to provide Control Data, at the start, or during Simulation. Actual Assets may change
      parameters to such simulations, but are not involved in determining the outcomes.
   3. A simulated or emulated Asset may also be an Agent that embodies the behavior of a
      human.
Logical Range: A designated set of interoperable assets and capabilities within one or
more ranges interconnected through a Secure Interconnection. A Logical Range provides
isolation to the Event Environment to prevent accidental interactions with entities outside
the Logical Range.


                                  Figure 7: Logical Range
Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative):
1) Logical Range (LR) may have attributes such as security levels as requirements. LRs may
be able to operate at multiple classification levels (e.g., Multiple Independent Levels of
Security), compartments, and releasability levels, and are established by Range Manager
without the specific knowledge or awareness of any adjacent site, users or event activities.


                                         17
                                   DRAFT


2) When capabilities from only one Cyber Range are used to conduct an Event, a de facto
Logical Range may be created to provide sufficient isolation. In this case, Secure
Interconnection refers simply to the connection and isolation of capabilities within that
Range. Please refer to Fig. 8, below.


                         Figure 8: Logical Ranges at a Single Site
3) Isolation of a Logical Range through Secure Interconnection also enables simultaneous
execution of Events in multiple LRs, either in a single Cyber Range or across multiple
Ranges. Please refer to Fig. 9, below.


            Figure 9: Logical Ranges from Multiple Sites and Multiple Ranges
Mission Rehearsal Event: See Event.
Master Scenario Event List (MSEL): MSEL guides an exercise or training event toward
specific outcomes by defining a sequence of time or dependency ordered Mission Threads.
MSELs specify desired outcomes for focused observation, analysis, and debrief and
reporting. Source: Adapted from [CJCSM 3500.03]
Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative):


                                        18
                                    DRAFT


A MSEL corresponds to the flows in a Use case, whereas an Event Scenario corresponds to a
Use Case.
Mission Thread: A Mission Thread defines a subset of Event Scenario that occurs within
the constraints of one or more Event Vignettes. A Mission Thread typically begins with a
Cyber Network Attack (CNA), or Cyber Network Defense (CND) activity, and ends with
battle damage assessment.
Event Vignette: Event Vignettes are subsets of the overall Event Scenario. Each vignette is
focused on one or more Event Goals or Objectives. An Event Vignette consists of one or
more Mission Threads.
Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative):
1. Using an analogy, a vignette is a scene and the scenario is the movie or play. Each
vignette will be comprised of sets of combinations and event conditions, i.e., controlled
variables (or factors) under which the event systems and participants will be subjected to a
event trial or set of event trials to measure system performance and Joint Mission
Effectiveness (JME).
2. Figure 10 describes three Mission Threads in an Event Scenario. Each of the Mission
Threads may be executed under constraints imposed by different Event Vignettes at
different times. Three Event Vignettes, EV1, EV2, and EV3 are shown in the diagram.
            MSEL

         Mission Thread 1

                    EV1            EV2          EV1               EV3

         Mission Thread 2

                    EV1            EV2                EV3                EV1

            Mission Thread 3

                    EV1            EV2          EV1


                   Figure 10: MSEL, Mission Thread, and Event Vignette
MSEL: See Mission Scenario Event List.
Phase: See Event Phase.
Planning Phase: See Event Phase.


                                         19
                                      DRAFT


Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative): This phase answers the following questions (not all
inclusive): What resources are required? What resources are available? What can be
emulated? What requires actual physical devices? Will external resources be required? Is
an appropriate security plan in place? What needs to be instrumented? Will the
instrumentation add any test artifacts? Are those artifacts acceptable or are there
alternative methods? What risks are involved?
Planning Plane: Planning Plane includes the people, process, and infrastructure used for
the planning phase of an Event.
Planning Network (or Planning Plane Network): Network where planning tools and
planning information are stored and exchanged, and planning processes are executed by
Event Participants in the Planning Phase of an Event. The Planning Network is always
separated from the Control, Instrumentation, and Event Networks.
Post-Execution Phase: See Event Phase.
Probe: Hardware or software sensor deployed to collect event or infrastructure data.
Quick Look Report: These reports are the result of rapid and mostly cursory analysis of
event activities in real-time or near-real-time. The information content and format of the
quick-look reports is specified in the analysis plan. These reports are generally based on
monitoring “health and status” indicators and identifying anomalies of event execution.
Range: A Range contains a designated set of assets and capabilities located at one or more
sites, and is managed by a Range Manager.
Range Engineer: Individuals who monitor, manage, operate, and/or create hardware,
software, or networking elements of a cyber range for the purpose of engaging in a cyber
event. Range Engineers are not in the Event Plane.
Range Manager: The organization that manages and operates a Range. A Range Manager
manages assets and capabilities that may be used to conduct an Event that is owned by it or
provided by other Resource Owners. A Range Manager also manages physical security,
physical access, equipment maintenance, and decides what events to dedicate its ranges
capabilities to, besides defining and managing all processes required to operate the range.
Range Support Team: These individuals operate the range infrastructure and support tools
systems. Range Engineers are part of the Range Support Team. This team is also sometimes
referred to as “Green Team.”
Red Team: An organizational element comprised of trained and educated members that provide
an independent capability to fully explore alternatives in plans and operations in the context of
the operational environment and from the perspective of adversaries and others. Red Team is in
the Event Plane. Also known as a Cyber Opposition Force (OPFOR).
Reduced Data: See Event Data.
Resource Owner: The organization that owns and makes available assets and capabilities
that may be used to conduct an Event.


                                           20
                                       DRAFT


Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative): In most cases, the Range Manager also owns the
assets and capabilities used in Events, and thus, the Resource Owner and the Range
Manager are the same.
Reusable Data: See Event Data.
Rules of Engagement (RoE): Directives issued by the White Cell that delineate the
circumstances and limitations under which Red and Blue forces will initiate and/or
continue to operate. Source: Derived from [JP 1-04].
Secure Interconnection: A self-contained and unique interconnection of capabilities from
one or more Ranges to provide an end-to-end networked environment with adequate
physical, geographical, logical, or cryptographic isolation. Such isolation permits the
creation of a secure and contained environment that can be accredited by appropriate
authorities.
Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative):
1) A Secure Interconnection defines the secure and isolated boundary within which an
interconnection of capabilities exists.
2) A Secure Interconnection supports the interconnection of capabilities across multiple
sites or within the same site.
3) Logical isolation does not necessarily require physical isolation, and the same hardware
may support multiple Secure Interconnections.
Security Engineer: An individual who will monitor, manage, configure the security devices
and controls associated with the Event.
Shot Validation: The process conducted by the White Cell to confirm a deployed cyber
capability had the intended effect.
Snapshot: A storable image of the current event execution state. An “event snapshot”
refers to a snapshot of an event execution.
(Synthetic) Traffic Generation: Sustained creation of synthetic traffic in the Event
Operating Environment during Event Execution.
SUT: System(s) Under Test (e.g., technology, network, personnel, processes) that may be
evaluated through an Event.
Explanatory Notes (Non-Normative): SUT may include threat targets, instrumentations,
Environment Tools, or other types of systems, procedures, methodologies, or personnel
that are the subjects of study or training in a cyber event.
Take Home Package: This document provides all the information generated during the event
that the Event Sponsor needs to continue their work. For an Event, the take home package could
represent the entire contents of the collected data. For a training event, the Take-Home Package
represents that information, described by training doctrine, that the training audience brings back
to their home station to reinforce the training received during the exercise.
Test-bed: A term sometimes used to refer to a Logical Range at a single site in a testing or
experimentation event.


                                            21
                                     DRAFT


Test & Evaluation Event (or T&E Event): See Event.
TTP Development Event: See Event.
Training Event: An event that focuses primarily on improving individual or collective
ability of a team to perform. Training events are less focused on evaluation than Exercise
Events. Source: Adapted from [JP 1-02].
Vignette: See Mission Thread.
Virtual Simulation: See Live, Virtual, and Constructive (LVC) Simulation.
White Cell/Team: This team is responsible for administrative management (command and
control), monitoring of an Event for compliance, and assessment of the performance of the event
and teams. This team is usually given the power to influence execution of event scenarios
(MSEL) and or make modifications to execution. Also see Joint Exercise Control Group for
exercise events.

2.3 REFERENCE DOCUMENTS
[BGJF-2012] B. G. J. Franz III, "Effective Synchronization and Integration of Effects Through
Cyberspace for the Joint Warfighter," 14 August 2012. [Online]. Available:
http://www.afcea.org/events/tnlf/east12/documents/4V3EffSynchIntEffthruCybrspcforJt
W arfighter_forpublicrelease.pdf
[CJCSM 3500.03] Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, “The Joint Training System: A Guide
for Senior Leaders,” CJCS Guide 3501, 8 June 2012
[CNSSI-4009] Committee on National Security Systems, ”CNSS Instruction No. 4009:
National Information Assurance (IA) Glossary, “ April, 2010
[DMSO] DoD Modeling and Simulation (M&S) Glossary, March 2010
[JP 1-02] Joint Publication 1-02,”Department of Defense Dictionary of Military and
Associated Terms,” 15 December 2014
[JP 1-04] Joint Publication 1-04,”Legal Support to Military Operations,” August 2011
[SISO-REF-002-1999] D.C. Gross, ”Fidelity Implementation Study Group Report,” Spring
Simulation Interoperability Workshop, Orlando, FL, March 1999. [Online]. Available:
http://www.sisostds.org
[NIST.SP.800-53r4] National Institute of Standards and Technology, “NIST Special
Publication 800-53, Revision 4: Security and Privacy Controls for Federal Information
Systems and Organizations,” April 2013
[UST-36-36] United States Transportation Command, “USTRANSCOM INSTRUCTION 36-
36,” 21 NOVEMBER 2012


                                          22
                                   DRAFT


3.0 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
The CRIS WG acknowledges the contribution of the following individuals in the creation of
this version of this document. In addition, the CRIS WG also acknowledges several
reviewers across many organizations for improving the quality of this document.
CRIS Working Group Chairperson:
Mr. Arjuna Pathmanathan - Test Resource Management Center (TRMC)
CRIS Working Group Technical Lead:
Dr. Suresh K. Damodaran (MIT Lincoln Laboratory)
Document Editors:
Dr. Suresh K. Damodaran (MIT Lincoln Laboratory)
Ms. Kathy Smith (GBL Systems Corporation)
Contributors:
Mr. Mark A. Bradbury (Raytheon)
Mr. Bernie Clifford (Sandia National Laboratory)
Ms. Laura E. Feinerman (MITRE)
LTC Brian Hittner (JS J7)
Mr. Patrick Lardieri (National Cyber Range (NCR)/Lockheed Martin)
Mr. Scott M. Lewandowski, (National Cyber Range (NCR)/The Wynstone Group)
Dr. Katherine L. Morse (Johns Hopkins University Applied Research Laboratory)
Dr. Edward Powell (Test and Training Enabling Architecture (TENA)/Leidos)
Mr. Zachary Weber (MIT Lincoln Laboratory)
Mr. Mike Wee (Cyber Test & Evaluation (T&E) Support Cell, TRMC/Northrop Grumman)
Dr. David “Fuzzy” Wells (USPACOM)
Mr. Bennett Wilson (NAVSEA GOV – CDSA, Damneck)


                                        23
