{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T16:04:14Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3769062, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/interstellar-contact-in-an-evolving-universe-jan-1-1978.pdf", "source_sha256": "f51c9628ece3d7e6eea53a937596710562b0f102dc2ca6b5e4f0803fea1635c8"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 553, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DECLASSIFICATION EFFORTS AND RESEARCH OF:
THE BLACK VAULT
THE BLACK VAULT IS THE LARGEST ONLINE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT / GOVERNMENT
RECORD CLEARING HOUSE IN THE WORLD. THE RESEARCH EFFORTS HERE ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DECLASSIFICATION OF THOUSANDS OF DOCUMENTS THROUGHOUT THE U.S. GOVERNMENT,
AND ALL CAN BE DOWNLOADED BY VISITING
HTTP://WWW.BLACKVAULT.COM
YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO FORWARD THIS DOCUMENT TO YOUR FRIENDS, BUT
PLEASE KEEP THIS IDENTIFYING IMAGE AT THE TOP OF THE
IPDF SO OTHERS CAN DOWNLOAD MORE!

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 405, "chars": 2733, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INTERSTELLAK CONTACT IN AN EVOLVING UNIVERSE
T. B. H. Kuiper
Jet Propulsion Laboratory
California Institute of Technology
978-49777
Abstract
of organization in the univers: is considered. It is proposed thac
a circum-solar
community, and eventually a galactic community represent the next
levels of orgization in this evolutionary process.
Possible strategies for
detecting other technological civilizations in the galaxy are discussed.
L. INTRODUCTION
"When
I see Thy heavera, thr
of Thy fingers,
the moon and the stars whicl. Thou hast formed; What
is man that Thou shouldst think of him...?" (1)
The modirn answer to this age-vi question is that
minkina is a relatively insignificant phenomenon in
the universe, whose existence oi activities are
of
•a cosmic consequence. In Part II of this paper,
I wish to re-examine this question, and to suggest
•hat mankind has a role to play in the evolution of
the universe. Such activities as
space coloniza-
tion, SCII*, and UFO research would seem to be the
key to realizing this potential. In Part III, I
discuss
the strategy for SETI, taking into account
the implications of interstellar colonization. It
will apper r that SETI and UFO studies are two facets
of the same investigation.
2. MANKIND IN A COSMIC PERSPECTIVE
2.1 EVOLUTION OF PHYSICAL STRUCTURE
It is well established that the universe is expand-
ing and, on the balance, present evidence suggests
that it may continue to do so forever (2, 3). The
history of material organization in such a universe
runs
something like this i4), the details, of
course, still being the subject of research:
In the first 100 us, the universe was flooded with
all manner oi particles and antiparticles, hadrons
continuously being created and destroyed in high
energy reactions. As the universe expanded and
cooled, these reactions ceased and, up to a time
10-100 s after the beginning, che universe was
dominated by leptons. At a time v30 s, electrons
and positrons begin to annihilate faster than they
were created, leaving only a small residual distrí-
bution. After about one hour, helium formed. Up
to this point in time, there was little one could
say about the microscopic organization of matter
but, now, some 20% of the protons were intimately
coupled with another proton and two neutrons. After
about a million years, the universe had cooled to
3000 K, and nuclei and electrons combined to form
neutral atoms, thüs further increasing the organi-
zation of matter.
Inhomogeneity in the early universe left its im-
print on this prinordial matter, and local density
enhancements condensed under self-gravitation. At
some stage, whether before, during, oi after the
*SETI: che electromagnetic Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 713, "chars": 4635, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
23
formation of galaxies,
some matter collapsed direct- are formed and the product molecules are destroyed
ly to densities and temperatures which initiated
(= "survival of the fittest".) This molecule would
nuclear reactions and the first stars were formed.
then be available as the raw ingredient for yot a
Thus
organization continued, as matter was processed
higher level of organization.
to form more complex nuclei such as carbon, oxygen,
and ni rogen.
It is speculated that these early
stars were so massive that they became supernovae
in which
the heavy elements were formed (e.g.: 5).
After the initial formation of the elements, it
became possible to form clouds of dust and molecular
gas at we know them today. Here, atoms are com-
bined
into molecules and crystal lattices.
As these
clou. contract, the possibilities for chemical re-
Whereas a molecule, if it la stable, exists in its
own right, biological systems, however simple, are
true dissipative structures. Even a simple cell
requires a constant input of raw materials to main-
tain ilself. Organisms (being organizations of
rells) and societies (being organizations of organ-
isms) are in turn more complex dissipative struc
tures. Thus, a city is maintained only by virtue
of a constant input of matter and energy.
actions incrcase
and more complex molecules form.
Eventually, some of these concen ations reach a cri-
tical level and
collapse to form a stellar system.
Somewhere o. this stage, whether in the protostellar
cloud or subsequently in the atmospheres and oceans
of planets, life formed.
2.2 DISSIPATIVE STRUCTURES
One casionally finds examples of spontaneous or-
in the physical world which
rary in the sense that they and maintained by some
external influence. Convection is a simple example.
A gas or fluid in • gravitational field
from thermodynamic equilibrium by being heated from
below. At a critical value of the temperature gra-
dient, convection patterns arist spontaneously.
Prigogine and his co-workers (6) have considered
such structures, which arise by virtue of some non-
which describe the system.
Because these structures ate created when a continu-
ous flow of energy and/or matter from the outside
world maintains the system at some critical level
from equilibrium (that is, a mininum level of dissi-
pation), they are called dissipative structures.
Eigen (7) has considered in detail the application
of these thermodynamic prínciples on the level of
molecular kinetics and has shown how biological
macromolecules could have arisen.
(See also Ref. 8.)
For illustrative purposes only, consider what would
happen if a self-replicating molecule were to form.
(In nature, replication involves the cooperative
interaction of molecules in a "hypercycle".) The
self-organization of matter would then, become a
¿unaway process: the abundance of the molecule
would increase exponentially to an equilibrium level
delurmined by the rate ar which new raw malerials
Figure 1 'taken from ref. 9) is a summary of the
structural organization of matter. At each Icvel
in the table, the component parts are of the same
kind. At the left of the table, however, are ex-
amples of aggregates with a low degree of orgaaiza-
tion, whereas on the tight the examples exhibit a
high degree of organization. Further, the highly
organized entities on the right at any level of the
table are the building blocks for the aggregates on
the next level down. In this view, social evolu-
tion is not an analogue to biological evolution,
but a direct descendant of it.
2.3 EVOLUTION IN THE FUTURE
We have recently come to appreciate that there is
an essential unity to the entire planet. Not only
are the va : majority of human societies interde-
pendent (although some isolated pockets may be
found), but
all of mankind is in turn dependent on
the state of the biological world. Ecology has
become an international concern. Thus, our imme-
date objective on Earth is to find an equil/brium
which represents organization on a planetary scale.
The theory presented in subsection 2.2 does not
predict that there must be a higher level of organ-
ization but indicates that it is probable if a phy-
sical mechanism exists. We can very well imagine
the establishment in circum-Solar space of indepen-
dent ecosystems. Space colonization would be a
first and hardest step in this direction. At some
time in the future, mankind may thus occupy habitats
which are ecologically independent, an advantage for
the survival of the species. Undruitedly, some form
of organization will bind these together in facili-
tate the exchange of raw and processed materials,
and infornation.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 378, "chars": 2661, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
27
LOW DEGREE OF ORGANIZATION
FRIMORDIAL UNIVERSE
- HIGH DEGREE OF CRGANIZATION
ATOMIC NUCLEUS
-.
PLASNA
MOLECULE
INTERSTELLAR CLOUD
DNA
BACTERIAL COLONY
ORGANISM
SWARM OF FLIES
TERMITE COLONY
Figure 1. ORGANIZATION IN THE UNIVERSE
In the same way, a galactic organization seens pos-
sible. Even if star-bound civilizations communi-
cate only electromagnerically, such contact could
profoundly alter the communicating societies (10)
in a way which depends on this contact. Thus, to
search for other civilizations is to take the first
step towards particination in a higher evolutionary
state. In the next section we consider how such a
search may be conducted.
3. SEARCHING FOR EXTRATERRESTRIAL CIVILIZATIONS
3.1 TRADITIONAL APPROACH
Mainstream scientific thought has focussed on the
search for electromagnetic signals of extraterres-
trial origin (rather than, say, UFO investigations)
as the mechanism for finding evidence of other
civilizations in the galaxy. Generally, three
assumptions have been made (11):
(1) We are not unique as a technological
civilization in our galaxy.
(2) Interstellar travel for the purposes of
"manned" exploration or colorization
never reaches the level of feasibility or
practicality.
(3) Interstellar beacons meant for contact
between civilizations are likely enough
to murlant intercive searcido.
While, in point of fact, there are no compelling
arguments to support assumption 1, the circumstan-
tial evidence is encouraging (p. 1-186 in Ref. 12
and Cl. 2 in Ref. 13). However, it should be borne
In mind that there are almo reasons to belleve that
the number of suitable pianets, and hence the rate
of emergence of technological civilizations, may be
considerably smaller thar is generally believed (9,
33, and references cited therein).
Assumption 2 has been eloquently arguer. by many pro-
ponents of SETI (for example, see ref. 14, and Ch. 4
in ref. 13). Basically, the argument is that meth-
ods of travel imaginable within che constraints of
physics as we know it require round trip travel
times that exceed the human lifetime, even to reach
the nearest stars. We wıll examine this argumen:
in subsection 3.2.
From Assumption 2 it follows that galactic civili-
zations must contact each other electromagnetically.
To initlate communication, one participant must
first broadcast a beacon to facilitate detection
by the other party. The suggestion by Cocconi and
Morrison (15) that such beacons might exist has been
the basis for all subsequent orthodox SETI planning
(p: 230 ff in ref. 12; Ch. 4 in ref. 13; 16).
The consequent strategy has generally been to search
• larop number of stars to very sensitive levels for

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 717, "chars": 4670, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
28
narrow band signals at selected frequencies (17).
Other approaches have also been token, for example,
to search for strong pulsed signals (p. 241 and p.
258 in ref. 12), or to search for narrow band sig-
nals over the entire sky and over a wide range of
frequencies (15). In all cases, by virtue of as-
sumption 2, it is generally expected that the sig-
nal would originate at a large distance from the
Earth. One exception was presented by Bracewell
(18), who qualified assumption 2 to the extent of
proposi g unmanned probes between stellar systems;
thus "s first signal might be found in our own
lar system.
This traditional approach to SETI has recently been
challenged by a number of authors (19, 20, 21, 11,
22), primarily on the grounds that assumption (2)
cannot be valid. These arguments are considered
below,
3.2 WHERE ARI: THEY? - INTERSTELLAR TRAVEL
That interstellur travel, per se, is possible has
Leen accepted for many years
(23,24).
The feasib.1-
ity of
interstellar missions has been considered in
Iroject Urion and Project Daedalus (25). The main
difficulty in imagining manned interstellar travel
vas the question of voyage
duration, as noted a sove.
This, apparently, was considered to be 3 sufficient
obstacle to rule out interstellar travel, although
(pik (26) wiscly did not leap to this
conclusion.
Hart (19)
has noted several ways in which th- long
travel times might be overcome, but perhaps the most
convincing
stems from the rucent feasibility studies
on self-supporting habitats in space. Matloff (27)
has described an "interstellar Ark" which combines
in O'Neill Model I space colony (28) with a thermo-
nuclea. rocket motor (e.g., 29).
Ne can then imagine a scenario for galactic coloni-
zation: a hone planct sends out several arks to
the nearest suitable stars. A few generations later
the coloiists arrive and start new civilizations.
Over a period of somo generations, these civiliza-
Lions mature sufficiently to send out arks of their
own. In this kind of a process, even with very con-
servative numbers, the time required to colonize the
entire galaxy is very short compared to the age of
the galaxy (19, 20, 11, 22). In view of this, if
the ovolution of technological civilizations is not
extremely rare, we would expect the galaxy to be
A variety of objections to this conclusion may be
Imagined. For example, civilizations may not last
long enough to start the process of colonization.
The difficulty with this and all other arguments of
this kird is that it must apply to every civiliza-
tion thit has ever arisen in the history of the
galaxy. Even if, for example, only one in a hundred
civilizations reached the colonization stage, the
galax/ would be full unless there have been less
than one hundred such civilizations (i.e. - one per
billion stars). Hart (19) considers various objec-
tirms in detail, and Singer (22) treats the proba-
bilities involved quantitatively. If the galaxy is
empty, it is only because technological civilica-
tions are extremely rare it this time.
In vicw of
this, Hart (19) argues that, since there
are no intelligent beings from outer space on Earth
now (i.e. - because they have not coionized the
Earth), they do not exist; the galaxy is empty.
Ball (30) anticipated this argument by proposing
that Earth is set aside as a wilderness area, which
is specifically avoided by the advanced civiliza-
tions in the galaxy. Hart (19) applied che proba-
bility argument cited above, by asserting that not
all the societies in the galaxy could be expected to
observe this "taboo". Kuiper and Morris (11), how-
ever, noted that the taboo need only be ubserved by
the civilization which has effective control of this
part of the galaxy. Singer (22) recognized that
this is a
serious challenge to Hart's conclusion,
but questioned whether that civilization could be
expected
ty observe this taboo continuously over a
period of time perhaps as long as 10° y. Kuiper
and Morris (11), however, suggested that we may not
be so much avoided as ignored, that there may sim-
ply be no reason why an advanced alien civilization
would want to initiate formal contact. In this
regard, it is worth bearing in mind that there are
still primitive peoples on this planet who have no
awareness of the advanced technological civiliza-
tion which now encompasses nearly the entire world.
3.3 NEW APPROACHES TO SETI
The arguments presented above suggest that, 1f
Lechnological civilizations are not extremely rare
in the galaxy, our solar system probably been vis-
ited at some time, at least by an unmanned probe,
and perhaps manned exploratory visits. So, while
the present evidence for visits by extraterrestrials

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 688, "chars": 4546, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
22
in historical times seems rathor weak (for example,
ch. 12 in ref. 31), the possibility is a reasonable
one and it behooves ancient historians and archeolo-
gists to re-examine their data in
this light.
(Equally, rebuttals of some rather far-fetched in-
terpretations presented to the public might be
valuable.)
There are at least two situations in which repeated
visits by extraterrestrials might be expected. De
San (32) has suggested that if the galaxy has been
extensively colonized for a long time, then many
stellar systems would subsequently have had
to be
abandoned as these stars evolved to the red giant
phase and beyond. The populations of these
systems
would be forced to make their home in space, other
systems already being occupied. Thus,
the galaxy
might have a substantial itinerant population, per-
haps wandering from star to star, subsisting by
trade or similar activities.
In this case, the
solar system could
expect repeated visits, and some
of these visitors would probably come to the Earth.
Papagiannis (33) has pointed out that beings who
have travelled over interstellar distances are adap-
red to life in space, in the sense that they have
developed artificial environments ideally suited to
them. A resident of, say, San Diego or Palo Alto,
who would be dismayed at the thought of living in
Washington, D.C., or Dallas, Texas (or Sydney,
Australia, ur Montreal, Quebec, etc.), can easily
appreciate why space colonists might prefer to
settle in some convenient orbit and build there.
Papagiannis (33) proposes that the asteroid belt
might be particularly attractive because of the
availability of raw materials. In this case also
would we expect the earth to receive occasional
visits.
These two examples are interesting because they
demonstrate that reports of extraterrestrial visi-
tors should be taken seriously, at least to the
point of meritting close examination. Luriously,
if the UFO phenumenon is approached with the point
of view of looking for evidence of extracerrestrial
visits, it is precisely the "strangest" reports,
close encounters of the second and third kind (34)
which are the most easily understood. On the other
hand, the foregoing cannot be considered a defense
of the extraterrestrial hypothesis for UFO's, since
both scenarios could be valid (even simultaneously)
without any visits to the Earth.
In the absence of physical evidence of extraterres-
trials on earth, we must for the present resort to
astronomical techniques for SETI. Papagiannis (33)
has suggested that infrared studies of asteroids
could be conducted to see whether any have anoma-
lously high brightness temperatures, in the vicinity
of 300 K. (A similar test of stellar infrared
sources has previously been suggested by Dyson,
ref. 35.)
Papagiannis (33) also proposes radio
monitoring of selected asteroids for leakage sig-
nals; this could easily be incorporated into a com-
prehensive radio SETI program.
Looking beyond our solar system, a radio SETI pro-
gram might anticipate two kinds of signals in an
extensively colonized galaxy (11).
(1) A radio beacon meant for contact might be
beamed at the earth.
This would be the
case if extraterrestrials wished
to re-
veal themselves to our society at its
present technological level, but in a
manner which would least perturb our
civilization.
(2)
Signals not intended for our earthbound
civilization might be beamed toward the
solar system. These might form a communi-
cation link between distant extraterres-
trial beings and local ones (i.e., inhabi-
tants of the asteroids), or alien arti-
facts (i.e., probes) in our systems.
In both these cases, we would expect the signal to
originate from one of the nearer sies • cupied by
the alien civilization, so that an intan ive exami-
nation of the nearest few hundred stars should
suffice. (Morris and Kuiper, ref. II, note, how-
ever, that communications signals using advanced
coding schemes might be difficult to detect.) The
searches by Zuckerman and Palmer at the 23 em line
of hydrogen, and by Bridle and Feldman at the 1.3 cm
of water (17) represent the beginning of such a
search. Considerable improvements, however, can be
made in terms of frequency coverage, spectral reso-
lution, modulation analysis, polarization character-
istics, and sensitivity.
Whereas the arguments presented in subsection 3.2
perhaps weaken the case for expecting beacons within
our galaxy, the traditional reasoning still applies
for intergalactic distances. Indeed, the case for
extragalactic SETI seems stronger. It seems quite

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 624, "chars": 4207, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
30
probable, for example, that a technological civili-
zation has evolved in the Andromeda Nebula, and that
this civilization is quite advanced, having estab-
lished itself throughout that galaxy (hy the same
argument as were used in subsection 3.2). By the
laws of physics as we know them, it would seem that
contact between the Andromeda Nebula and our galaxy
would be primarily electromagnetic. Thus, It might
well be possible and even probably that the Andro-
medans are beaming radlo signals at us. Sagan and
Drake (17) are conducting a search of several near-
by galaxies at wavelengths of 21, 18, and 13 cm.
Unfortunately, there are still reasons why such a
SETI might fail. Since the signals would be from
an advanced civilizarion, they might be intended
for a correspondingly advanced civilization (one
which could reply) and thus might have a character
we would not recognize. Or, the beacon might have
sent aeons ago, been detected by an advanced civil-
ization in our galaxy, and since been supplanted by
tightly beamed
communications signals which we
could not detect.
The preceding discussion has been concerned with
what one might reasonably expect and not except by
way of electromagnetic ETI signals.
However, our
experience is rather limited and our expectations
might be quite wrong.
Consequently, any serious
attempt to conduct a comprehensive radio SETI should
include some search modes which contain as little
bias as possible. One eximple is the all-sky, all-
frequency search for narrow-band signals described
by Murray et al (16). At this carly stage, our
radio SETI efforts should attempt to achieve some
balance between tests of speciiie hypotheses and
general surveys for unexpected signals.
4. MANKIND IN THE GALAXY
Hopefully, the coming years will see increasing
efforts to find evidence of extraterrestrial civili-
zations. Yet, contact may not come until "we" go
to "them". , By analogy, If an isolaced Amazon tribe
became aware of our technological society, It would
be up to them to trek through the jungle to the
nearest outpost of civilization. Even then, they
might get a rather indifferent reception for their
efforts. 1 suggest thercfore that the surest way
to procced is us if we were alone.
thricke (36), Lunan (31), and Michaud (37) have des-
cribed various aspects of how mankind might proceed
on a program of interstellar colonization. It seems
probable that we would then soon encounter the ga-
lactic community. If we do not, then such a com-
munity would come into being as mankind proliferates
through ut the galaxy. It is difficult to predict
what such a community might he like, but many inter-
esting speculations are to be found in science fic-
tion literature.
Within the constraints of current physics, a galac-
tic community would be slow-moving by our standards.
Ir ormation transmitted from the centre of the gal-
axy would take 30,000 y to get this far out into
the disk.
Thus, the minimum meaningful time inter-
val for a galactic community would be 2100,000 y.
If we imagine that the community has existed for a
billion years, then it has experieneed only 10,000
such intervals; in other words, the community is
still quite young and is probably still developing.
There should be many opportunities for a young and
vigorous species to make significant contributions.
And, of course, there is yet the possibility that
we can be the founding father of the galactis
community.
A gnlactic society is not, ef course, the ultimate
achievement of evolution, for there are other
galaxies. . . .
5. ACKNOWLEDCEMENT
This paper represents one phase of the research car-
ried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL),
California Institute of Technology, and was partialiy
supported by a grant from the JPL Director's Discre-
tionary Fund. "L is operated by Caltech under NASA
contract NAS 7-100.
6. REPERENCES
1.
P'salms 8, 3-4.
Gunn, I. E., Tinsley, B. M
• Nature, 251, 454
Cott, l. Ro, TIl, Gunn, d. E., Schramm, D. N.,
Tinsley, B. M., Scientific American, 254 #3,
62 (March 1976).
Harrison, E. R., Physics Today, 21 #6, 31
(Tune 1968); and Ann. Rev. Astro. Astroph., 11,
155 (1973).
Hartquist, T. W., Cameron, A. li. W., Astroph.
Sp. Sc_, 48, 145 (1977)

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 3330, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6.
7.
Prigogine, I., Nicolls, G., Babloyantz, A.,
Physics Today 23 #11, 23; #12, 38 (1972).
Eigen, M., Naturwissenscharten, 58, 465 (1971);
64 (in prasn 1977).
8.
9.
Schuster, P., in The Cearch for Absolute
Values: Harmony Among the Sciences, Vol. II.
Proc. 5th Intl, Conf. on the Unity of the
Sciences. International Cultural Foundation
Press, New York, P. 585 (1977).
Kuiper, I. B. H., in The Search for Absolute
alues_in a Changing World. Proc. 6th Intl.
Conf. on the Unity of the Sciences. Interna-
tional Cultural Foundarion Press, New York (in
press 1978).
10. Van Hoerner, Sebastian, in Einheit und Vicl-
heit, E. Scheibe and G. Sussmin, eds. Vanden-
hoeck and Ruprecht, Gottingen, 1972; also d.
Br. Interpl. Soc., 28, 691 (1975).
11.
Kuiper, T.B. H., and Morris, M., Science, 196,
616(1977).
12.
Sagan, C., ed., Communication with Extraterres-
trial Intelligence. The MIT Press, Cambridge,
Mass. (1973)
13.
Oliver, B. M., Project Cyclops. Report CR
114445 revised editior, NASA Amer, Research
Center, Moffett Field, CA (1973).
14. Von Hoerner, S., Science, 132, 18 (1962): re-
printed in Interstellar Communication, A.G.W.
Camcron, ed. W. A. Benjamin, Inc., New York
(1963).
15.
Cocconi, G., and Morrison, ?, Nature, 184,
844 (1959); reprinted in Interstellar Communi-
cation (see ref. 14).
16.
Murray, B. C., Gulkis, S., and Edelson, R. E.,
Science (in press 1978); sce also Mercury, 6
14, 8 (July-August 1977).
17.
Sagan, C., and Drake, F., Sci. Am. 233 #5, 83
(May 1975).
18. 3racowell, R. N., Nature, 186, 670 (1960); re-
printed in Interstellar Communication' (sed
ref. 14).
19.
Hart, M. I.. O. ul. R. Astron. Soc., 16, 128
(1975) -
20.
Viewing, D., I. Br. Interpl. Sore, 28, 735
(1975).
21. Jones, E. M., Icarue, 28, 421 (1976).
22. Singer, C. E., preprint (1978).
23. Spencer, D. F., and Jaffe, I. Do, Astronpurice
Acta 2, 48 (1963).
24. G. Marx, Astronautica Acta 9, 131 (1963); see
also pp. 216-225 in ref. 12.
25.
Catland, K. W., Spacellight, 14, 442 (1972):
Bond, A., and Martin, A. R., L. Br. In'erp!
Soc., 28, 147 (1975); and = group of articles
in J. Br. Interpl. Soc. 29(1976)
26. Öpik, E., Irish Amir. J., 6, 299 (1964).
27. Macloff, G. i, J. Br. Interi Soc., 29, 775
(1976).
28.
O'Neill, G. K., Physics Today, 27 :, 32
(September 1974).
29.
Winterberg, F.. 1. Br. Interpl. Sure 20. 133
(1977).
Ball, J. A., Icarus, 19, 317 (1973).
31. Lulan, D., Mun and the Stirs, Souvenir Press
(1974); also published as Interstellar Contait.
Henry Rognery (1975), and The Mysterious Sie-.
nais from Outer Space, Bant m (1977).
31.
De San, M. G.. preprint. Copyright by Editees,
Bologna (1976).
33.
Papagiannis, M. Do, preprint. Paper presented
at 5th Intl. Conference on the Origin of Life
(1977).
34. Hynek, J. A., Ihe UFO Experience, Henry Regnery.
Chicago (1972) and The Hynek UFO Report, Dell,
New Yor& (1977).
35. Dyson, F. J., Science, 131, 1667 (1959); re-
printed in Interstellar Communication (sce ref.
14).
36. Ehricke, K. A., J. Br. Intrpl. Soc., 28, 713
(1975).
37. Michaud, M. A. G., J. Br. Interpl. Soc., 30,
323(1977).
7. BIOGRAPH:
Dr. Kuiper, a Member of the Technical Staff at IPL
is a radiu astronomer currently specializing in
microwave spectroscopic studies of interatellar gas
clouds. He is also a member of the JPL SETI tcrm,
which hopes to begin • NASA-sponsored five-year
search program in 1979
