{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T23:34:59Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 20, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 879852, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/internal-nasa-document-reveals-ufo-uap-talking-points-are-they-going-off-script-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "adc0c7e6b85204238ad44c8d2b487449e50d54339b65634b8ea9b911f2859f79"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 92, "chars": 693, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
National Aeronautics and Space Administration
Headquarters
Washington, DC 20546-0001
NASA
June 28, 2021
Office of Communications
John R. Greenewald
27305 W Live Oak Road
# 1203
Castaic, CA 91384
john@greenewald.com
FOIA: 21-HQ-F-00506
Dear Mr. Greenewald:
This responds to your Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request dated and received June 7, 2021 at
the NASA Headquarters FOIA Office. Your request was assigned the above-referenced tracking
number. You have requested:
ALL emails sent to/from, bcc'd or cc'd, NASA administrator Bill Nelson which contain the following
keywords:
"Unidentified Aerial"
and/or
"Unidentified Flying"
and/or
"UAP"
and/or
"UFO"
and/or
"Unidentified Spacecraft"

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 357, "chars": 2454, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and/or
"Unidentified aircraft"
On June 10, 2021, you specified that the date range for the search be from May 3, 2021 to the present (June
10, 2021). In response to your request the responsive office conducted a search of Administrator Bill
Nelson's incoming and outgoing emails for the date range specified using the search terms you requested
That search identified the enclosed document that is responsive to your request. We determined that all 16
pages are appropriate for release without excision and copies are enclosed.
Provisions of the FOIA allow us to recover part of the cost of complying with your request. In this instance, because
the cost is below the $50 minimum, there is no charge.
If you believe this to be an adverse determination, you have the right to appeal my action on your request.
Your appeal must be received within 90 days of the date of this response. Please send your appeal to:
Administrator
NASA Headquarters
Executive Secretariat
ATTN: FOIA Appeals
MS 9R17
300 E Street S.W.
Washington, DC 2054
Both the envelope and letter of appeal should be clearly marked, "Appeal under the Freedom of
Information Act." You must also include a copy of your initial request, the adverse determination, and any
other correspondence with the FOIA office. In order to expedite the appellate process and ensure full
consideration of your appeal, your appeal should contain a brief statement of the reasons you believe this
initial determination should be reversed. Additional information on submitting an appeal is set forth in the
NASA FOIA regulations at 14 C.F.R. § 1206.700.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me at martha.e.terry@nasa.gov. For further assistance
and to discuss any aspect of your request you may contact:
Stephanie Fox
Chief FOIA Public Liaison
Freedom of Information Act Office
NASA Headquarters
300 E Street, S. W., 5P32
Washington D.C. 20546
Phone: 202-358-1553
Email: Stephanie.K.Fox@nasa.gov
Additionally, you may contact the Office of Government Information Services (OGIS) at the National
Archives and Records Administration to inquire about the FOIA mediation services it offers. The contact
information for OGIS is as follows: Office of Government Information Services, National Archives and
Records Administration, 8601 Adelphi Road-OGIS, College Park, Maryland 20740-6001, e-mail at
ogis@nara.gov; telephone at 202-741-5770; toll free at 1-877-684-6448; or facsimile at 202-741-5769.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 384, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Important: Please note that contacting any agency official including myself, NASA's Chief FOIA Public
Liaison, and/or OGIS is not an alternative to filing an administrative appeal and does not stop the 90 day
appeal clock.
Please contact me at martha.e.terry@nasa.gov if you require further assistance.
Sincerely,
Martha Terry
NASA FOIA Officer
Headquarters, Office of Communications

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 82, "chars": 613, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NASA INTERVIEW PREP DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal distribution only)
From:
Sent:
Received:
Attachments:
Beutel, Allard (HQ-NA020) < allard.beutel@nasa.gov>
May 29, 2021 10:56:57 AM EDT
May 29, 2021 10:57:36 AM EDT
NASA INTERVIEW PREP DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21.docx
Morning, attached is the latest interview prep document. The top four items are new:
• Fiscal Year 2022 NASA Full Budget Proposal
• Earth System Observatory
• Hurricanes and NASA
• Search for Life, Technosignatures, and UAP/UFOs
The upcoming events public dates section is update.
-Allard
NASA INTERVIEW PREP
DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 24, "chars": 227, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Attachment

1. NASA INTERVIEW PREP DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21.docx

Type: application/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document
Size: 59 KB (60,644 bytes)

NASA INTERVIEW PREP
DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 22, "chars": 174, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Attachment #1

NASA INTERVIEW PREP DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21.docx

Original view
13 pages (displayed on pages 4 to 16)

NASA INTERVIEW PREP
DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 486, "chars": 3147, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NASA
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY
Updated 5/28/21
NASA INTERVIEW PREP DOCUMENT
RECENT HOT TOPICS
Fiscal Year 2022 NASA Full Budget Proposal
On May 28, the Biden-Harris Administration released the full budget proposal for
Fiscal Year 2022.
Quick Reference
Upcoming Events
Public Dates
President's Fiscal Year 2022 budget requests $24.8 billion for NASA, an
increase of more than 6% over what the agency received the previous
year.
Overarching Points
• This funding request demonstrates the president's commitment to NASA and the people
across the agency and its partners who have worked so hard this past year under the
most difficult circumstances and achieved unprecedented success.
• The NASA workforce and the American people should be encouraged by what they see
in this budget request. It is an investment in our future, and it shows confidence in what
this agency has to offer. We owe it to the president and the American people to be good
and responsible stewards of every tax dollar invested in NASA.
This budget request includes the strongest NASA budget ever for science, which will
help address the climate crisis at home and abroad, as well as advance robotic missions
that will pave the way for astronauts to explore the Moon and Mars.
This is also the strongest budget for exploration since the Apollo program
• This budget request will restore America's global standing, promote racial and economic
equity, and drive economic growth.
Supports Human Exploration of the Moon, Mars, and Beyond
• The president's funding request increases funding for Artemis by $350 million and gives
us the resources to advance America's bipartisan Moon to Mars space exploration plan,
agreed to by the Administration and Congress.
• This request keeps us on the path toward a regular cadence of Artemis missions with
crew to the Moon by the middle of the decade.
• NASA's human landing system contract award, with the goal of a human demonstration
mission to the lunar surface by 2024, is under protest.
• NASA is currently reviewing the overall Artemis timeline based on appropriations and
expected budget, and outcome of the human landing system protest. We hope to
provide an updated Artemis timeline later this year following conclusion of the protest.
• The FY2022 budget request assumes an Artemis I launch no earlier than November
2021, an Artemis Il launch no earlier than September 2023, followed by Artemis III
targeted for late 2024 and Artemis IV for late 2025. Landing the first woman and first
person of color on the lunar surface as part of the Artemis program will promote equity -
signaling to every American they too can see themselves among the stars.
• With NASA's Space Launch System rocket and Orion spacecraft, as well as U.S.
commercial partnerships with the human landing system and Gateway lunar outpost, we
will send astronauts to the Moon to test technologies and exploration practices that will
make future missions more productive than ever before.
• This budget funds an upgraded Space Launch System, known as Block1B, that can
deliver larger cargos to lunar orbit.
NASA INTERVIEW PREP
DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 445, "chars": 3168, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NASA
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY
Updated 5/28/21
• Gateway, built with our commercial and international partners, is important to
sustainable lunar operations.
• The foundation of our lunar outpost is targeted to launch no earlier than
November 2024, with additional modules from our international partners
launching later.
• We are working day and night to reduce risks and overcome the challenges of long-term
human exploration of the Moon and Mars.
• The budget funds early design work and planning for additional surface architecture
necessary including the lunar terrain vehicle and surface habitats to ensure our
astronauts can explore more of the Moon than ever before and stay for increasingly
longer periods of time in deep space.
• NASA's Lunar Surface Innovation Initiative is advancing technologies to support mission
operations on the Moon. This budget includes funding for the preliminary design of a
fission surface power system that could power operations on the Moon and Mars.
Furthers Robotic Exploration of the Solar System and the Universe
• This funding request also furthers robotic exploration of the solar system and the
universe.
• The budget provides more than $650 million for the Mars Sample Return mission, the
highest priority large mission in planetary science.
• It includes strong support for planetary defense, including the near-Earth objects (NEO)
Surveyor mission to detect asteroids and comets that could potentially impact Earth.
Enhances Research and Development at NASA
This funding request supports continued progress developing cutting-edge space
technologies, transformative capabilities, and renewable energy, all of which feed the
economy and create good paying American jobs.
• Investing in new technologies enhances NASA's missions and fosters the growing space
economy.
• NASA routinely demonstrates new technologies, reducing overall risk and encouraging
industry adoption. The budget includes $500 million for technology demonstrations
• It fully funds the On-orbit Servicing, Assembly, and Manufacturing 1 (OSAM-1) mission.
Robotically refueling a satellite and manufacturing and assembling spacecraft parts in-
orbit will foster a more sustainable space economy.
• Launching next month, our Laser Communications Relay Demonstration will
demonstrate a technology that can provide 10-100 times better data rates than
commonly used radio frequency communications systems. In the coming years, we'll
further refine laser communications technology for use in deep space.
• More than $280 million would be directed toward small business innovation research
and technology transfer. The increase of $60 million will provide more money to small
companies to research new ideas and develop innovative solutions to challenging
• An investment in NASA and space infrastructure reaffirms our nation is the world's
premier partner in space collaboration, and we will be for decades to come.
• We are investing in aviation to make our skies safer, our fuels cleaner, and to get you to
your destination faster than ever before. This also includes investing in next-generation
NASA INTERVIEW PREP
DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 3094, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NASA
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY
Updated 5/28/21
aeronautics research that will safely integrate automated aircraft systems with piloted
airplanes.
• This budget enhances American competitiveness in the global aviation industry
including the first two flights of new X-57 and X-59 aircraft.
• NASA aeronautics is leading transformation of the way people and goods are
moved through Advanced Air Mobility (air taxis, drone cargo deliveries, etc.), an
emerging market expected to be worth $115 billion a year by 2035.
It will help safely deliver revolutionary aviation capabilities to previously
underserved local, regional, intraregional, and urban areas. NASA
investments today will spur the advancements of tomorrow.
• The budget provides a $30 million increase to accelerate transformative science at the
frontiers of biological and physical sciences research in space.
Advances Climate Science
• Climate change has increasing economic and national security impacts, and this budget
increases investments in climate research and science programs.
• This funding increases our ability to better understand Earth and how it works as an
integrated system, from our oceans to our atmosphere and how it all impacts our daily
lives.
•
NASA is developing the next-generation Earth System Observatory. NASA's new Earth
System Observatory will provide the world with an unprecedented understanding of our
Earth's climate system, arming us with next-generation data critical to mitigating climate
change, and protecting our communities in the face of natural hazards.
The Earth System Observatory will help improve our understanding of extreme
weather events and our decision making on climate resilience, adaptation, and
mitigation. It will also inform decisions that ensure communities have the
resources they need to build resilience prior to these crises.
• Research on zero-emissions aviation
NASA Aeronautics is partnering with industry, academia and other agencies
through the Sustainable Flight National Partnership to accomplish the aviation
community's aggressive climate change agenda. Through advanced vehicle
technologies, efficient airline operations and sustainable aviation fuels,
collectively NASA and our federal government and industry partners aim to
reduce carbon emissions from aviation by half by 2050, compared to 2005, and
achieve net-zero emissions by 2060.
• NASA continues to lead the development of new small spacecraft capabilities. For
example, small platforms can enable distributed observations for climate science.
Builds a Diverse Future STEM Workforce
• This budget invests in the Artemis Generation. It requests funding for NASA's STEM
engagement efforts for the first time in five years to inspire the next generation of
scientists, engineers, mathematicians, and explorers by supporting the agency's STEM
efforts.
•
With this budget, NASA will increase funding for Space Grant and MUREP and will work
with university and consortia partners to implement initiatives focused on diversity, equity
and inclusion.
NASA INTERVIEW PREP
DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 461, "chars": 3287, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NASA
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY
Updated 5/28/21
• NASA taps into the skills of a diverse group of partners and reaches new groups through
our small business programs, academic partnerships, and prizes, challenges, and
crowdsourcing activities.
• The Space Technology Mission Directorate is collaborating with OSTEM's Minority
University Research and Education Project to offer research planning grants and
incentivize partnerships between minority-serving institutions and small businesses,
setting them up to apply to NASA opportunities.
Continues Research on the International Space Station
• The space station is a convergence of science, technology, and human innovation that
demonstrates new technologies and enables research not possible on Earth. The space
station remains the springboard to NASA's next great leap in exploration, including future
human missions to the Moon and eventually to Mars.
• With continued support for the International Space Station and the Artemis program, the
president welcomes the international community to join us as we push human
exploration deeper into space.
• This budget supports early design maturation of multiple commercially owned and
operated low-Earth orbit (LEO) destinations (free flyers) from which NASA, along with
other customers, can purchase services and stimulate the growth of commercial
activities in LEO.
•
In addition to maintaining continuous U.S. access to a space station in LEO, these new
and more cost-effective platforms will democratize access to space by lowering the
barriers to entry for the next generation of researchers, technologists, and tourists.
Earth System Observatory
On May 24, the White House and NASA announced new Earth System Observatory missions to
help address and mitigate climate change:
• NASA will design a new set of Earth-focused missions to provide key information to
guide efforts related to climate change, disaster mitigation, fighting forest fires, and
improving real-time agricultural processes.
• With the Earth System Observatory, each satellite will be uniquely designed to
complement the others, working in tandem to create a 3D, holistic view of Earth, from
bedrock to atmosphere.
• "I've seen firsthand the impact of hurricanes made more intense and destructive by
climate change, like Maria and Irma. The Biden-Harris Administration's response to
climate change matches the magnitude of the threat: a whole of government, all hands-
on-deck approach to meet this moment," said NASA Administrator Bill Nelson. "Over the
past three decades, much of what we've learned about the Earth's changing climate is
built on NASA satellite observations and research. NASA's new Earth System
Observatory will expand that work, providing the world with an unprecedented
understanding of our Earth's climate system, arming us with next-generation data critical
to mitigating climate change, and protecting our communities in the face of natural
disasters."
• The observatory follows recommendations from the 2017 Earth Science Decadal Survey
by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine, which lays out
ambitious but critically necessary research and observation guidance.
• Areas of focus for the observatory include:
NASA INTERVIEW PREP
DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 430, "chars": 3059, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NAS
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY
Updated 5/28/21
• Aerosols: Answering the critical question of how aerosols affect the global energy
balance, a key source of uncertainty in predicting climate change.
• Cloud, Convection, and Precipitation: Tackling the largest sources of uncertainty
in future projections of climate change, air quality forecasting, and prediction of
severe weather.
• Mass Change: Providing drought assessment and forecasting, associated
planning for water use for agriculture, as well as supporting natural hazard
• Surface Biology and Geology: Understanding climate changes that impact food
and agriculture, habitation, and natural resources, by answering open questions
about the fluxes of carbon, water, nutrients, and energy within and between
• coss mamation and splene, the ocean, and ane arithin and betwee
• Surface Deformation and Change: Quantifying models of sea-level and
landscape change driven by climate change, hazard forecasts, and disaster
impact assessments, including dynamics of earthquakes, volcanoes, landslides,
glaciers, groundwater, and Earth's interior.
• NASA currently is initiating the formulation phase for the observatory.
• Among its first integrated parts is NASA's partnership with the Indian Space Research
Organisation (ISRO), which brings together two different kinds of radar systems that can
measure changes in Earth's surface less than a half-inch.
This capability will be utilized in one of the observatory's first missions intended
as a pathfinder, called NISAR (NASA-ISRO synthetic aperture radar).
• This mission will measure some of the planet's most complex processes such as
ice-sheet collapse and natural hazards such as earthquakes, volcanoes, and
landslides. NISAR can assist planners and decision makers with managing both
hazards and natural resources in the tuture.
Hurricanes and NASA
June 1 is the official start of hurricane season for the Atlantic Ocean.
• After 2020 brought a record number of named storms in 2020, NASA is once again
prepared to help understand and monitor these storms from its unique vantage point of
space.
NASA develops and launches satellites for NOAA, which is the lead federal agency for
forecasting hurricanes. But the science of hurricanes doesn't start — or end - with
forecasting.
• Global warming is increasing the heat in the ocean basins and already making it more
likely that storms will intensify faster and be stronger, a phenomenon NASA scientists
continue to study deeply.
• With the challenge posed by climate change, NASA has never been more committed to
innovation in Earth science research.
• Our next-generation Earth System Observatory, announced on May 24, missions
will help us understand extreme weather events and other climate-fueled hazards
to inform the solutions of the future
• NASA researchers and data also support U.S. stakeholders before, during and after
storms make landfall.
• Stages of NASA Data:
Pre-storm assessment (feed weather prediction and forecasting models)
NASA INTERVIEW PREP
DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 480, "chars": 3294, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NASA
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY
Updated 5/28/21
• Near-real-time assessment (identify potential impacts ahead of landfall)
• Post-storm assessment (help identify needs for support after landfall)
• Data access and visualization
• The NASA Disasters Mapping Portal takes disaster-related data and puts it into
understandable, usable formats real-time use and application with the goal to bridge the
gap between science products and the people who can use the data to assist in
preparedness, response, mitigation, and recovery.
• After a hurricane makes landfall, NASA satellites are in prime position to identify
impacts such as damage, flood depth and extent, power outages, rainfall
accumulation, landslide risk, and even soil moisture.
• That information helps local governments, the Army Corps of Engineers, and FEMA
monitor infrastructure failures and disruptions, isolate contaminated water supplies,
and identify hotspots for urgent response needs.
• NASA also does plenty of its own deep research on hurricanes and tropical cyclone
dynamics. A few examples among many:
NASA's Global Modeling and Assimilation Office is pioneering the use of ultra-high-
resolution global weather and micro-climate models.
The CPEX-AW airborne campaign planned in the Caribbean this August and
September will pilot new technology to use LiDAR to better understand atmospheric
winds and convective clouds in tropical storms.
NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) is studying the use of artificial
intelligence/machine learning to improve hurricane prediction capabilities using
NASA satellite data.
Search for Life, Technosignatures, and UAP/UFOs
Public and media interest in the topic of Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon/Unidentified Flying
Objects (UAP/UFOs) has seen an uptick in recent weeks following reports about the
Department of Defense's release of three unclassified Navy videos. Likewise, the 2021
Intelligence Authorization Act, signed in December 2020, stipulated the government had 180
days to gather and analyze data from disparate agencies. Below is our response to the public
and media who call for NASA comment:
One of NASA's key goals is the search for life in the universe. To date, NASA has yet to
find any credible evidence of extraterrestrial life, however, NASA is exploring the solar
system and beyond to help us answer fundamental questions, including whether we are
alone in the universe. We stand ready to support the rest of the government in the
search for life in the universe, be it close to home, on the planets or moons of our solar
system, or deeper into space.
NASA Administrator Fighting for Funding for NASA Missions
On May 19, NASA Administrator Sen. Bill Nelson testified virtually about NASA's fiscal year
2022 budget in front of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. Sen. Nelson
emphasized the support necessary to continue pursuing NASA's goals and missions. On May
21, he sent a video and following message to NASA employees:
• President Biden's discretionary funding request for NASA - $24.8 billion — clearly
demonstrates the Biden-Harris Administration's commitment to NASA, especially in light
of the difficult circumstances of the past year. The full details of the president's budget
NASA INTERVIEW PREP
DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 430, "chars": 2846, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NASA
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY
Updated 5/28/21
request are expected next week and will provide further insight into funding for all NASA
programs.
Of course, NASA's goals and missions are challenging and require robust funding to see
them through to completion. That's why I asked Congress yesterday, in a hearing before
the House Appropriations Commerce, Justice, and Science Subcommittee, to include
NASA in the upcoming American Jobs Plan, in addition to the president's full budget
request.
NASA missions support tens of thousands of jobs nationwide and the Jobs Plan's focus
on infrastructure, research, and development is an opportunity for Congress to include
funding for NASA's critical missions, including the Artemis program, while also
supporting good-paying American jobs.
China's Zhurong Mars rover landing last week is an example of why NASA's inclusion in
the Jobs Bill is important - there is no time to wait.
Investments in technologies like nuclear thermal propulsion, advanced spacesuits, and
updated, green infrastructure at our centers are important to our nation and NASA's
future as a leader in space, innovation, and jobs around the country. I'm fighting to
ensure the agency has the resources we need to continue that incredible legacy.
China Mars Lander
On May 14 (Eastern Time), China's Tianwen-1 orbiter deployed its rover, recently named
"Zhurong," to the surface of Mars. NASA has been asked to comment on several aspects of the
landing. On May 19, NASA Administrator Sen. Bill Nelson issued the following statement after
the China National Space Administration's (CNSA's) release of the first photos from the
Zhurong Mars rover:
•
"Congratulations to the China National Space Administration on receiving the first
images from the Zhurong Mars rover!" Nelson said. "As the international scientific
community of robotic explorers on Mars grows, the United States and the world look
forward to the discoveries Zhurong will make to advance humanity's knowledge of the
Red Planet. I look forward to future international discoveries, which will help inform and
develop the capabilities needed to land human boots on Mars."
CNSA's successful landing of the Zhurong rover last week makes it only the second
nation to ever land successfully on Mars. Zhurong joins active NASA missions - the
Curiosity and Perseverance rovers and Insight Lander - in exploring the surface of the
• The week of May 16, media outlets asked whether CNSA used NASA animation from a
Mars mission a decade ago for animation related to its Zhurong Mars lander. The
following is our response:
• NASA's imagery is made freely available for use by the public.
• If pressed for more:
• For questions about the Zhurong animation, please check directly with the
China National Space Administration.
NASA INTERVIEW PREP
DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 498, "chars": 3202, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NASA
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY
Updated 5/28/21
• NASA also was asked the week of May 16 whether the agency's InSight Mars lander
was able to detect Zhurong's landing. The following is our response:
• As part of its normal science, InSight's data acquired seismic and atmospheric
measurements at the time of Zhurong's landing. As we did with NASA'S
Perseverance landing, the InSight science team examined seismic and pressure
oscillation signals associated with the Zhurong landing. Based on preliminary
examination of the data, we don't appear to have detected it, just as we didn't
with Perseverance.
• Below is NASA's initial public comment about the landing from Science Mission
Directorate Associate Administrator Dr. Thomas Zurbuchen on Twitter:
exalsation rover zhueng Together with we gone edence
community, I look forward to the important contributions this mission will make to
humanity's understanding of the Red Planet."
Human Landing System Sen. Cantwell Amendment
On May 12, Sen. Maria Cantwell offered an amendment in committee markup of the Endless
Frontier Act that included language and proposed funding related to NASA's Human Landing
System for the Artemis program. Below is our response to the public and media who call for
comment:
NASA is excited to return to the Moon with more robot and human explorers than
ever before as part of the Artemis program. Both government and commercial
capabilities are necessary to enable long-term exploration on and around the Moon.
By purchasing commercial services to take astronauts from lunar orbit to land on the
surface of the Moon, we will ensure a robust deep space transportation system is in
place as we learn to live and work on another world for the benefit of all. NASA is
unable to comment on the proposed amendment due to ongoing litigation of the
recent human landing system selection.
More information can be found here: https://www.nasa.gov/nextstep/humanlander2
Webb Telescope Reported Possible Launch Delay
On May 12, Space News reported ongoing work to address a problem seen on two previous
Ariane 5 rocket launches could delay the high-profile launch of NASA's James Webb Space
Telescope. Below is our response to calls for comment:
• The launch readiness date for NASA's James Webb Space Telescope, which will be
the premier observatory of the next decade, is Oct. 31, 2021. Webb is on schedule
for that date, but we know schedule margin is tight. We are working closely with ESA
and Arianespace on their launch vehicle readiness, and should a launch date
change be needed, Webb has launch windows available almost every day of the
year. Webb will study every phase in the history of our universe, including the first
luminous glows after the creation of the cosmos, the formation of solar systems
capable of supporting life on planets like Earth, and the evolution of our own solar
system.
Roscosmos Spaceflight Participants to the International Space Station Announcements
On May 13, Roscosmos announced it plans to send spaceflight participants (non professional
astronauts) for short trips to the International Space Station this year, including an actress and
NASA INTERVIEW PREP
DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 466, "chars": 3134, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NASA
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY
Updated 5/28/21
filmmaker on a Soyuz flight in October. Below is the response to the public and media who ask
for NASA comment:
• This year is truly a renaissance for human spaceflight both as we fly NASA and
international partner astronauts on U.S. commercial crew spacecraft to the
nternational Space Station and also as we see the expansion of private astronau
nissions. As more people fly to space and do more things during their spaceflights,
attracts even more people to do more activities in low-Earth orbit, and reflects the
growing market we envisioned the Commercial Crew Program enabling when we
embarked on it about 10 years ago.
Webb Name Webb Telescope Name Statement
On May 7, Slate.com posted an article with the headline and sub-headline "The James Webb
Space Telescope Hasn't Launched Yet. In One Way, It's Already a Relic. It will collect important
data, but what does its name say about who it's for?" Below is our response to the public and
media who call for comment:
•
NASA is aware of concerns that have arisen about James E. Webb, and we are working
with historians to examine his role in government. NASA named its next generation
observatory, the James Webb Space Telescope, after its second administrator, who
helped establish the Apollo Program that landed humans on the Moon. The agency
made the naming decision in recognition of Webb's role in retaining an active science
program at NASA in the agency's early years. Webb's work as administrator laid the
groundwork for today's accomplishments, and science remains a critical part of NASA's
work: to understand the universe, advance exploration, and inspire the next generation.
NASA's Ingenuity Mars Helicopter
On April 19, NASA's Ingenuity Mars Helicopter successfully completed the first attempt at
powered, controlled flight of an aircraft on another planet. The experimental rotorcraft was
carried to the Red Planet on NASA's Perseverance Mars rover. Ingenuity progressively added
more complex flights on April 22, April 25, April 30, May 7, and May 23. On April 30, NASA
announced that after its next two demonstration flights, Ingenuity will embark on a new
operations demonstration phase, exploring how aerial scouting and other functions could benefit
future exploration of Mars and other worlds.
• Ingenuity Key points:
• Ingenuity is the first aircraft to attempt and achieve controlled flight on another
planet (a "Wright Brothers" moment).
• Ingenuity had already demonstrated feats of engineering - shrinking its size and
mass, working with specialized materials, demonstrating flight in a thin
atmosphere while still on Earth.
Tests on Earth proved many of its engineering principles.
• With Ingenuity's success, future Mars exploration could include an ambitious
aerial dimension.
• Ingenuity is a technology demonstration. Its experimental mission is separate
from the rover, but we do tech demos because they advance our capabilities and
• Ingenuity's technology demonstration objectives are:
• Prove powered flight in the thin atmosphere of Mars.
NASA INTERVIEW PREP
DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 443, "chars": 2941, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NASA
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY
Updated 5/28/21
• The Red Planet has lower gravity (about one-third that of Earth) but its
atmosphere is just 1% as thick, making it much harder to generate lift.
• Demonstrate miniaturized flying technology.
• That requires shrinking down onboard computers, electronics and other
parts so that the helicopter is light enough to take off.
• Operate autonomously.
• Ingenuity will use solar power to charge its batteries and rely on internal
heaters to maintain operational temperatures during the cold Martian
nights. After receiving commands from Earth relayed through the rover,
each test flight is performed without real-time input from Mars Helicopter
mission controllers.
• NASA's Perseverance Mars rover mission objectives are:
• Take samples to leave on the surface for return to Earth in a few years. First leg
of a round trip to Mars
• Search for signs of ancient microbial life as the rover explores a crater that
billions of years ago might have been a large body of water like a lake.
• Characterize the geology and climate of Mars.
• Help pave the way for human exploration beyond the Moon.
• Perseverance Mars rover Key Points:
The Perseverance rover is the most capable rover ever sent to Mars and builds
on the legacy of NASA's Mars Exploration Program and earlier rovers.
The mission embodies our nation's spirit of persevering even in the most
challenging of situations, providing inspiration and advancing science and
exploration. The mission itself personifies the human ideal of persevering toward
the future.
The Mars 2020 mission is part of America's larger Moon to Mars exploration
approach, which includes astronaut missions to the Moon that prepare for human
exploration of the Red Planet.
NASA is committed to working with our international partners to accomplish
stunning achievements in science, technology and exploration, and this mission
reintorces those strong bonds.
Perseverance is the beginning of the first round-trip to another planet. The rover
will collect rock and soil samples for return to Earth by future missions that could
possibly confirm the ultimate astrobiology question: does life exist, or did it,
elsewhere?
• Perseverance carries the most sophisticated suite of instruments ever sent to
Mars.
The mission addresses high-priority science goals to:
• Return samples from Mars.
• Search for clues about the potential for past life on Mars.
• Find out what Mars' environment was like billions of years ago, and what
might be preserved in the unique rocks of Jezero Crater.
• Study what the planet's environment is like today.
• NASA's robotic exploration of Mars is paving the way for future human missions
to the Red Planet and will gather knowledge and demonstrate technologies that
address the challenges of those human expeditions. Some relevant technologies
• Entry, descent and landing technology.
NASA INTERVIEW PREP
DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 452, "chars": 3153, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NASA
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY
Updated 5/28/21
• In situ resource use.
• Terrain-relative navigation.
• The public will get to ride along. The mission has more cameras than any
previous interplanetary mission, and while we have "felt" vibrations in response to
wind with the InSight lander's seismometer and "translated" them into sounds
that we could hear with the human ear, two microphones on Perseverance will
attempt for the first time to hear audio of the rover's operations and travels, as
well as the environment at Mars.
Perseverance joins a fleet that right now includes a rover, a lander and multiple
orbiters. This is the 9th U.S. mission to land and the 5th rover. The U.S. is the
only nation to successfully land on Mars.
• On April 20, a toaster-size experimental instrument aboard Perseverance called
the Mars Oxygen In-Situ Resource Utilization Experiment (MOXIE) converted
some of the Red Planet's thin, carbon dioxide-rich atmosphere into oxygen - the
first time this has ever been done.
While the technology demonstration is just getting started, it could pave
the way for science fiction to become science fact - isolating and storing
oxygen on Mars to help power rockets that could lift astronauts off the
planet's surface. Such devices also might one day provide breathable air
for astronauts themselves.
UPCOMING EVENTS PUBLIC DATES
Below are the publicly listed dates of some high-profile activities/events/milestones in 2021.
Internal planning, target, and pre-decisional dates are not listed below as they're not official and
public yet. The public dates listed are as specific as they can be, at this time. This list will be
regularly updated and added to, as appropriate. Text in red is newly updated public information:
State of NASA - June 2: NASA Administrator Bill Nelson's first live address to the
NASA workforce about the state of the agency and its activities
• Russian Spacewalk on the International Space Station - June 2: Russian EVA 48
(Novitskiy and Dubrov) from Poisk to dismantle cables for Pirs docking compartment
undocking
• SpaceX CRS-22 - June 3: Next commercial resupply services mission to space station
from Florida
• Laser Comm - June 23: NASA's Laser Communications Relay Demonstration to test
optical communications launches from Florida
• Boeing Orbital Flight Test-2 - July 30 - Boeing's uncrewed CST-100 Starliner OFT-2
(Orbital Flight Test-2) launch from Florida to the International Space Station
• Northrop Grumman CRS-16 - July 2021: Commercial resupply services mission to
space station from Virginia
• X-57 - Fall 2021 -- Flight test for NASA's first all-electric plane, X-57, at Armstrong Flight
Research Center
• Landsat 9 - September: NASA and U.S. Geological Survey launch latest Earth
observation satellite, Landsat 9, from California
• CAPSTONE - Fall 2021: NASA CubeSat to validate new navigation technologies and
verify dynamics in Gateway's planned orbit will launch to space
• Imaging X-Ray Polarimetry Explorer - Fall 2021: NASA's IXPE mission to discover
hidden astronomical objects in the universe launches from Florida
NASA INTERVIEW PREP
DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2827, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NASA
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY
Updated 5/28/21
• SpaceX CRS-23 - Fall 2021: Commercial resupply services mission to space station
from Florida
• Lucy - Oct 16: NASA's Lucy mission to study the Trojan asteroids of Jupiter will launch
from Florida
• SpaceX Crew-3 - No earlier than Oct. 23: Crew-3 will launch to station from Florida
SpaceX Crew-2 Return - No Earlier than Oct. 31: Crew-2 returns to Earth
Webb Telescope - (Launch Readiness Date) Oct. 31: NASA's James Webb Space
Telescope to help answer questions about our cosmic origins launches from French
Guiana
• DART - Nov. 24: Window opens to launch Double Asteroid Redirection Test from
California, NASA's first flight demonstration for planetary defense
• Webb Telescope - November/December: The James Webb Space
Telescope completes mission deployments/arrives in its L2 (second Lagrange Point)
orbit about 29 days after launch
• Artemis I - November: NASA reviewing launch date for first integrated flight test of
the uncrewed Space Launch System rocket and Orion spacecraft launches on a multi-
week mission around the Moon
• Orion splashdown: NASA's Orion spacecraft splashes down on Earth following a multi-
week mission around the Moon
• Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite-T - December: NASA and
NOAA's latest weather satellite, GOES-T, launches from Florida
• Astrobotic's CLPS Flight - Late 2021: Suite of robotic NASA payloads sent to the
lunar surface as part of a Commercial Lunar Payload Services delivery. Landing takes
place in the following weeks
• Boeing's Crew Flight Test - Under review pending OFT-2: Boeing's CFT earliest
possible launch to space station from Florida
• Boeing Starliner-1 - Under review pending outcome of earlier flight tests: Launch
date for first operational Boeing commercial crew launch to space station from Florida
• Astronaut Candidates - 2021: NASA will announce selections for the next class
of astronaut candidates to begin training
• Intuitive Machines' CLPS Flight - Early 2022: Suite of robotic NASA payloads sent
lunar surface as part of a Commercial Lunar Payload Services delivery. Landing takes
place in the following weeks
AGENCY COMMUNICATION THEME PRIORITIES
For full key points and other products for all themes, visit: https://communications.nasa.gov.
Earth
NASA uses the vantage point of space to understand and explore our home planet, improve
lives and safeguard our future
Tagline: Your Home. Our Mission.
Flight
NASA explores new technologies to make aircraft quieter and faster, get you gate-to-gate safely
and on time, and transform aviation into a new economic engine at all altitudes.
Tagline: NASA is With You When You Fly.
Humans in Space
NASA leads human space exploration in low-Earth orbit with commercial and international
NASA INTERVIEW PREP
DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 146, "chars": 1032, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NASA
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION ONLY
Updated 5/28/21
partners to enable missions to the Moon and Mars. International Space Station missions are a
catalyst for economic development and the advancement of scientific knowledge and new
technologies that improve our lives.
Tagline: Leading Discovery, Improving Life on Earth.
Moon to Mars
NASA is leading a sustainable return to the Moon with commercial and international partners to
expand human presence in space and bring back new knowledge and opportunities.
Tagline: Moon Lights the Way.
Solar System & Beyond
NASA is exploring our Solar System and beyond, uncovering worlds, stars, and cosmic
mysteries near and far with our powerful fleet of space and ground-based missions.
Tagline: Discovering the Secrets of the Universe.
Space Tech
NASA technologies advance capabilities for space exploration, promote America's global
leadership in innovation and transform the world around us.
Tagline: Technology Drives Exploration.
-end-
NASA INTERVIEW PREP
DOCUMENT - as of 5-28-21 (internal
