{"created_utc": "2026-10-07T23:30:19Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 196270, "source_ctime_ns": 1790480858247346640, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/john-jay-stratton.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790473383033736674, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/john-jay-stratton.pdf", "source_sha256": "ff04500c7adb53b0f07ca756dcf1874d9993c4078e6aef8b6ad20267f4717580"}

Name


John F. Stratton Jr


Office of Naval Intelligence
Senior Analyst, Nimitz Operational
Intelligence Center
Mr. Stratton entered Senior Executive Service in September 2018. He has accumulated
over thirty-two years of experience in progressively responsible positions with the United
States Army, United States Air Force Reserve, and U.S. Federal Civil Service. Mr.
Stratton is currently the Senior Analyst, Nimitz Operational Intelligence Center, Office of
Naval Intelligence (ONI). As the center’s senior analyst he is responsible for delivering
comprehensive intelligence to Navy leadership and representing the Navy as a senior
member of the Intelligence Community (IC).

Prior to this appointment, Mr. Stratton served as the Director of Intelligence (J2) with the
Joint Warfare Analysis Center; Deputy Director Executive Support with Office of the
Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Information Warfare (N2N6); Director Air
Warfare/SPEAR with the Nimitz Operational Intelligence Center, ONI; Chief of Air and
Space Warfare, Defense Warning Office, Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA); Aerospace
Engineer with ONI; Aerospace Engineer (Flight Test) with Naval Air Systems Command
(NAVAIR); and Senior Weapons Systems Engineer with ManTech International
Corporation. He has completed a variety of active and reserve positions as an Intelligence
Officer and Foreign Area Officer with the Air Force Reserve including Senior
Intelligence Officer (SIO) with the 459th Air Refueling Wing; Chief Space Technology
with the Defense Technology Security Administration, Office of the Secretary of Defense
for Policy (OSD-P); Chief, Intelligence Stan/Eval with the 459th Air Refueling Wing;
Detachment Commander with the II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Leatherneck
Afghanistan; Military Advisor to the President’s Special Advisor for Middle East
Regional Security, US Embassy Tel Aviv; and Operations and Intelligence with the 917th
Fighter Wing.

A native of East Texas, Mr. Stratton holds a Bachelor’s of Science from Embry Riddle
Aeronautical University, Masters of Military Operational Art and Science from Air
University. Mr. Stratton holds the IC Joint Duty Officer Designation, formerly the IC
Officer Designation. He is a veteran of Operations Desert Shield, Desert Storm, Joint
Endeavor, Deny Flight, Deliberate Force, Allied Force, Southern Watch, Deny Flight,
Iraqi Freedom, Enduring Freedom, and Noble Eagle. His personal military decorations
include the Meritorious Service Medal (two awards), the Joint Commendation Medal, the
Air Force Commendation Medal (two awards), and the Air Force Achievement Medal.
He has been awarded numerous joint and service unit commendations both combat and
garrison. He has several expeditionary and campaign medals from his deployments. He
was also awarded the DIA Director’s Award, DIA Expeditionary Medal, Navy
Meritorious Civilian Service Award, Central Intelligence Agency Meritorious Unit
Commendation and ODNI Meritorious Unit Commendation.
