{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T01:32:50Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 950591, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/kurtz-paul.pdf", "source_sha256": "bf706cc95d5d1dc1782b99dd7f073604d881fae771216b18dcb3fdb923e183ee"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 272, "chars": 2188, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S. Department of Justice
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Washington, D.C. 20535
September 4, 2020
MR. JOHN GREENEWALD JR.
SUITE 1203
27305 WEST LIVE OAK ROAD
CASTAIC, CA 91384
FOIPA Request No.: 1458151-000
Subject: KURTZ, PAUL WINTER
Dear Mr. Greenewald:
The enclosed documents were reviewed under the Freedom of Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA), Title 5,
United States Code, Section 552/552a. Below you will find check boxes under the appropriate statute headings
which indicate the types of exemptions asserted to protect information which is exempt from disclosure.
The
appropriate exemptions are noted on the enclosed pages next to redacted information. In addition, a deleted page
information sheet was inserted to indicate where pages were withheld entirely and identify which exemptions were
applied. The checked exemption boxes used to withhold information are further explained in the enclosed
Section 552
Г (b)(1)
Г (b)(2)
(b)(3)
50 U.S.C., Section 3024 (i)(1)
Г (b)(7) (A)
Г (b)(7)(B)
Г (b)(7)(C)
Г (b)(7)(D)
* (b)(7)(E)
Г (b)(7) (F)
Г (b)(8)
Г (b)(9)
Section 552a
Г (d)(5)
Г ((2)
Г (К) (1)
Г (К)(2)
Г (К)(3)
Г (К) (4)
Г (k)(5)
Г (K)(6)
Г (K)(7)
Г (b)(4)
Г (b)(5)
Г (b)(6)
3 pages were reviewed and 3 pages are being released.
Please see the paragraphs below for relevant information specific to your request as well as the enclosed
FBI FOIPA Addendum for standard responses applicable to all requests.
•Documents) were located which originated with, or contained information concerning, other
Government Agency (ies) [OGA].
• This information has been referred to the OGA(s) for review and direct response to you.
• We are consulting with another agency. The FBI will correspond with you regarding this information
when the consultation is completed.
Please refer to the enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for additional standard responses applicable to your
request. "Part 1" of the Addendum includes standard responses that apply to all requests.
additional standard responses that apply to all requests for records about yourself or any third party individuals.
"Part 3" includes general information about FBI records that you may find useful. Also enclosed is our Explanation

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 484, "chars": 3365, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
For questions regarding our determinations, visit the www.fbi.gov/foia website under "Contact Us."
The FOIPA Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all
correspondence concerning your request.
If you are not satisfied with the Federal Bureau of Investigation's determination in response to this request,
you may administratively appeal by writing to the Director, Office of Information Policy (OIP), United States
Department of Justice, 441 G Street, NW, 6th Floor, Washington, D.C. 20530, or you may submit an appeal through
OIP's FOIA STAR portal by creating an account following the instructions on O|P's website:
https://www.justice.gov/oip/submit-and-track-request-or-appeal. Your appeal must be postmarked or electronically
transmitted within ninety (90) days of the date of my response to your request. If you submit your appeal by mail,
both the letter and the envelope should be clearly marked "Freedom of Information Act Appeal." Please cite the
FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified.
You may seek dispute resolution services by contacting the Office of Government Information Services
(OGIS). The contact information for OGIS is as follows: Office of Government Information Services, National
Archives and Records Administration, 8601 Adelphi Road-OGIS, College Park, Maryland 20740-6001, e-mail at
ogis@nara.gov; telephone at 202-741-5770; toll free at 1-877-684-6448; or facsimile at 202-741-5769. Alternatively,
you may contact the FBl's FOIA Public Liaison by emailing foipaquestions@fbi.gov. If you submit your dispute
resolution correspondence by email, the subject heading should clearly state "Dispute Resolution Services." Please
also cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified.
See additional information which follows.
Sincerely,
M.A1RO
Michael G. Seidel
Section Chief
Record/Information
Dissemination Section
Information Management Division
Enclosure(s)
The enclosed documents represent the final release of information responsive to your Freedom of
Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA) request.
There is no need to adjudicate your request for a fee waiver as no costs
were incurred processing your request. This material is being provided to you at no charge.
Enclosed are 2 cross-references which are identifiable with the subject of your request. Cross-references
are defined as mentions of the subject of your request in files to other individuals, organizations, events, or
activities. In processing the cross-references, the pages considered for possible release included only those pages
which mention the subject of your request and any additional pages showing the context in which the subject of your
request was mentioned. The cross-reference pages were processed pursuant to the provisions of the FOIA and are
being released to you in redacted form.
For your additional information, a record that may be responsive to your Freedom of Information/Privacy
Acts (FOIPA) request has been transferred to the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). If you wish
to review these records, submit a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request to NARA, Special Access and FOIA,
8601 Adelphi Road, Room 5500, College Park, MD 20740-6001. Please reference the file number 100-HQ-440833
serial HQ4-ENCLP6.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 728, "chars": 5285, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FBI FOIPA Addendum
As referenced in our letter responding to your Freedom of Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA) request, the FBI FOIPA Addendum
provides information applicable to your request.
Part 1 of the Addendum includes standard responses that apply to all
requests. Part 2 includes standard responses that apply to requests for records about individuals to the extent your request
seeks the listed information. Part 3 includes general information about FBI records, searches, and programs.
Part 1: The standard responses below apply to all requests:
(i)
5 U.S.C. § 552(c). Congress excluded three categories of law enforcement and national security records from the
requirements of the FOIPA [5 U.S.C. § 552(c)]. FBI responses are limited to those records subject to the requirements
of the FOIPA. Additional information about the FBI and the FOIPA can be found on the www.fbi.gov/foia website.
Intelligence Records. To the extent your request seeks records of intelligence sources, methods, or activities, the FBI
can neither confirm nor deny the existence of records pursuant to FOIA exemptions (b)(1), (b)(3), and as applicable to
requests for records about individuals, PA exemption i)(2) [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a (b) 1), (b)(3), and 0)(2)].
acknowledgment of the existence or nonexistence of such records is itself a classified fact protected by FOIA exemption
(b)(1) and/or would reveal intelligence sources, methods, or activities protected by exemption (b)(3) [50 USC §
3024(i)(1)]. This is a standard response and should not be read to indicate that any such records do or do not exist.
Part 2: The standard responses below apply to all requests for records on individuals:
(1)
any individual's name on a watch list pursuant to FOIA exemption (b)(7)(E) and PA exemption ()(2) [5 U.S.C. §§
do not exist.
(li)
Requests for Records about any Individual—Witness Security Program Records. The FBI can neither confirm
nor deny the existence of records which could identify any participant in the Witness Security Program pursuant to FOIA
exemption (b)(3) and PA exemption (i) (2) [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a (b)(3), 18 U.S.C. 3521, and ()(2)]. This is a standard
response and should not be read to indicate that such records do or do not exist.
(Ill)
Requests for Records for Incarcerated Individuals. The FBI can neither confirm nor deny the existence of records
which could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any incarcerated individual pursuant to
FOIA exemptions (b)(7)(E), (b)(7)(F), and PA exemption (i)(2) [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a (b)(7)(E), (b)(7)(F), and (i) (2)].
This is a standard response and should not be read to indicate that such records do or do not exist.
Part 3: General Information:
(i)
Record Searches. The Record/Information Dissemination Section (RIDS) searches for reasonably described records by
searching systems or locations where responsive records would reasonably be found. A standard search normally
consists of a search for main files in the Central Records System (CRS), an extensive system of records consisting of
applicant, investigative, intelligence, personnel, administrative, and general files compiled by the FBI per its law
enforcement, intelligence, and administrative functions.
The CRS spans the entire FBI organization, comprising records of
FBI Headquarters, FBI Field Offices, and FBI Legal Attaché Offices (Legats) worldwide; Electronic Surveillance (ELSUR)
records are included in the CRS. Unless specifically requested, a standard search does not include references,
administrative records of previous FOIPA requests, or civil litigation files.
For additional information about our record
searches, visit www.fbi.gov/services/information-management/foipa/requesting-fbi-records.
(il)
FBI Records. Founded in 1908, the FBI carries out a dual law enforcement and national security mission. As part of this
dual mission, the FBI creates and maintains records on various subjects; however, the FBI does not maintain records on
every person, subject, or entity.
(iii)
Requests for Criminal History Records or Rap Sheets.
The Criminal Justice Information Services (CJIS) Division
provides Identity History Summary Checks - often referred to as a criminal history record or rap sheet. These criminal
history records are not the same as material in an investigative "FBI file."
An Identity History Summary Check is a
listing of information taken from fingerprint cards and documents submitted to the FBI in connection with arrests, federal
employment, naturalization, or military service. For a fee, individuals can request a copy of their Identity History
Summary Check. Forms and directions can be accessed at www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/identity-history-summary-checks.
Additionally, requests can be submitted electronically at www.edo.cjis.gov. For additional information, please contact
CJIS directly at (304) 625-5590.
(iv)
National Name Check Program (NNCP). The mission of NNCP is to analyze and report information in response to name
check requests received from federal agencies, for the purpose of protecting the United States from foreign and domestic
threats to national security.
Please be advised that this is a service provided to other federal agencies. Private Citizens
cannot request a name check.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 643, "chars": 4677, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(b) (1)
(b)(2)
(b) (3)
(b) (4)
(b)(5)
(b) (6)
(b) (7)
(b) (8)
(b) (9)
(d) (5)
(j) (2)
(k)(1)
(k)(2)
(k)(3)
(K) (4)
(k) (5)
(k)(6)
(k)(7)
EXPLANATION OF EXEMPTIONS
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552
(A) specifically authorized under criteria established by an Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign
policy and (B) are in fact properly classified to such Executive order;
related solely to the internal personnel rules and practices of an agency;
specifically exempted from disclosure by statute (other than section 552b of this title), provided that such statute (A) requires that the matters
be withheld from the public in such a manner as to leave no discretion on issue, or (B) establishes particular criteria for withholding or refers
to particular types of matters to be withheld;
trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential;
inter-agency or intra-agency memorandums or letters which would not be available by law to a party other than an agency in litigation with
the agency;
personnel and medical files and similar files the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy;
records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes, but only to the extent that the production of such law enforcement records or
information (A) could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings, ( B) would deprive a person of a right to a fair
trial or an impartial adjudication, ( C) could reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy, (D) could
reasonably be expected to disclose the identity of confidential source, including a State, local, or foreign agency or authority or any private
institution which furnished information on a confidential basis, and, in the case of record or information compiled by a criminal law
enforcement authority in the course of a criminal investigation, or by an agency conducting a lawful national security intelligence
investigation, information furnished by a confidential source, (E) would disclose techniques and procedures for law enforcement
investigations or prosecutions, or would disclose guidelines for law enforcement investigations or prosecutions if such disclosure could
reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law, or (F) could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any
individual;
contained in or related to examination, operating, or condition reports prepared by, on behalf of, or for the use of an agency responsible for
the regulation or supervision of financial institutions; or
geological and geophysical information and data, including maps, concerning wells.
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552a
information compiled in reasonable anticipation of a civil action proceeding;
material reporting investigative efforts pertaining to the enforcement of criminal law including efforts to prevent, control, or reduce crime
or apprehend criminals;
information which is currently and properly classified pursuant to an Executive order in the interest of the national defense or foreign policy,
for example, information involving intelligence sources or methods;
investigatory material compiled for law enforcement purposes, other than criminal, which did not result in loss of a right, benefit or privilege
under Federal programs, or which would identify a source who furnished information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be
held in confidence;
material maintained in connection with providing protective services to the President of the United States or any other individual pursuant to
the authority of Title 18, United States Code, Section 3056;
required by statute to be maintained and used solely as statistical records;
investigatory material compiled solely for the purpose of determining suitability, eligibility, or qualifications for Federal civilian
employment or for access to classified information, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person who furnished
information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence;
testing or examination material used to determine individual qualifications for appointment or promotion in Federal Government service the
release of which would compromise the testing or examination process;
material used to determine potential for promotion in the armed services, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person who
furnished the material pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence.
FBI/DOJ

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 115, "chars": 937, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
501 or. 5133-64)
Transmit the following in
Via.
AIRTEL
TO:
FROM:
SUBJECT:
FBI,
Date:
6/18/69
(Type in plaintext or code)
(Priority)
DIRECTOR, FBI
SAC, NEW YORK
JERRY CLYDE RUBIN
SM-C (KEY ACTIVIST)
NEW YORK)
(N9e11e 100-137173,
ABBOTT HOWARD HOFFMAN
SM-ANA (KEY ACTIVIST)
OO: NEW YORK
Bufile 100-449923
cois1e 100-45292
(NYfile 100-161445)
Hift.
ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED
HEDECI IS UNCLASSIFIED
DATE 1129182 BY SeSRgURsa
comp #91,458
ReNYairtels to the Bureau,
6/17,28.
SPIRITKIS
New York sources could furnish no information
concerning activities of captioned subjects on this date.
The May/June, 1969 issue of "The Humanist", is
self-described as a journal of contemporary ethical concern
Bureau
(2 - 100-449923)
1 * NeW YOrK
1 - New YOrK
WHB: jem
F37 ฿
5061126190
Special Agent in Charge
(JERRY CLYDE RUBIN). (RM)
ABBOTT HOWARD HOFFMAN),
: RECT93
(200-157473) (42)
N/-
in com
Sent
_M Per
17 JUN 19 1969
Intelse.
b7E
ALICILIA
b3
b7E
1

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 63, "chars": 417, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NY 100-157178
hat attempts to serve as a bridge between the theoretica.
hilosophical discussions and the practical applications oi
humanism to ethiça, and social problems and the lives of
individuals. "The Humanist" is located at 4244 Ridge Lea
Road, Amherst,
as editor! Pages
"three (3) through eight (O "an Interview
PAUL KURTZ.
of this article.
Ihis issue of
exhibited in the New York file of JERRY CLYDE RUBIN.
2

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 506, "chars": 3540, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DANAMORAL CRUNCIL
-
Fiddly Hook (Chairman)
NAy York University"
s. I Hayakawa (Vice Chairmen)
Sar Francisco Seat Collo CaliF
Eugene P*Wigner
Princston University
Gray t Dorsey
N.J.
Schoo! of Law, Washington Univ.
if satis
Bertram A Wolfe
Hoover Inst, Stanford has CallE
Bunaro Overstreet
(Mirs. Harry AlOverstrell Pit.
Fautkurtz
Editor, The Humanist
Stato U. of N.Y. at Buffaio
" My
Murray Baror:
Liberal Party...
U.S
Edward RYeasten
Pace College
N'L
Morton A kaplan
University of Chicago: #lL
Adrienire Koch
Univ. of Maryland Aid,
Carf McGuire
University of Calorada d'olo,
Phili Van Slyck, Esa. Uis.
Marvin Zimmerman
State Univ. of N.Y. at Buffalo Ny
• Institutions for
Identification only
EXECUTIVE BOARD
Norbery Dengler, Est.
Prost. Daniel E*rershenson
Prof, Fionald #Rubin
Joseph Retrandis
irving Aseyer, Ese.
Dr. Dantel Sharsficld
Rabbi Seymouf Siege!
Dr. Gerald Hereibel
ViS
coordinating Center for Demoa
0734+4
441 Lexington Avenue
New ork,
N
10017
ic Opinion
Gerald Pinsky
Director
Proi. M.M. Todorovic!
National Coordinator
STay
February 17, 1969
- New yo
27
Will you join us in a new effort directed
toward college and university campuses, whose goals
are to delend academic freedom against extremisn, to
promote the activism of non-exireniats in all aspects |
of civic affairs, to foster rational treatment of
contemporary problems, and to combat attacks on the
democratic process?
Our new group of widely varied
individuala has come into existence, to deal with a
rapidly deteriorating situation on the academic scene.
It strives to unite all those who wish to defend the
cause of campus freedom.
This is urgent because the situation on
campuzes has continueo to deteriorate as terrorist
tactics and multiple varieties ef putschien have
spread across the nation.
Most recently these methods,
first used against universities wy white extremists,
have been taken up by mincuided Black militants st
Swarthuare, Brandeis, Pembroke, Queens and other
their denands amount to what. NAACP's Director,
Roy Willins, characterized as "another version of
segregation
and Jim Grow".
If these methous of disruption
and violence are made available to
one group, they are
then available to others - whose unknown danger lurks
in the future.
Many other extremist resorts to direct
action
and intimidation have been partially reported.
These
include the unsuccessful strike, blockare and arson at
NYU, (and the later denial of free speech there); tho
violence and terror bonbing of a dean's home at Sur: Matec
College,
the virtual stato of war - including a destructive
bombing-at San Francisco State College, and the murder of
tobiles studosts a N8: 68- 112288-34-266
REC 12
~ 104 Those of us involved in various ways with hiches
education - as students, teachers, and/or parents - realize
how broadly this conflict extends across the whole academie
scene - with thousands of unreported incidents. Associatea
in touch with detailed inner workings of universities
report that some administrative officers and departmental
chairmen are willing to sacrifice the careers of (other)
individuals to this new "Melarthyism of the Left". Faculty
mambers and administrative officers are quietly shunted
ti to avoid "confrentations" which might give ris‹
it both morally intolerable and practically disastrous.
This is the badUL 28'B68N of appees: 6 2-111628
it best,
such policies cerely repress symptono without dealing with
fundamental canses.
Here often, they enhance thie power did
the appetite of exircuiato.
Wo conter? that a crocessful
NIG 5=1969

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com
