{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T18:53:13Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 31, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1825955, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/metallic-glasses-status-and-prospects-for-aerospace-applications.pdf", "source_sha256": "0066d7390db61a31bc8560d008e5fb8fd5cddb860d353174f17f881f0a17c775"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 33, "chars": 286, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
UNCLASSIFIED S® Oe OPStGRrE USE ONEyY

Defense
Intelligence
Reference
Document

BRS Acquisition Threat Support

14 December 2009

ICcOD: 1 December 2009

DIA-08-0911-012

Metallic Glasses: Status and
Prospects for Aerospace
Applications

UNCLASSIFIED sth Rah hniieiee

ne NPP PPP parm?

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 90, "chars": 749, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED /FOR OFFICIAL UGE ONLY
Metallic Glasses: Status and Prospects for Aerospace
Applications
Prepared by:
(b)(3): 10 USC 424
Defense Intelligence Agency
Author:
(6)(6)
Administrative Note
COPYRIGHT WARNING: Further dissemination of the photographs in this publication is not authorized.
This product is one in a series of advanced technology reports produced in FY 2009
under the Defense Intelligence Agency, [(b)(3):10 USC 424
Advanced Aerospace
Weapon System Applications (AAWSA) Program. Comments or questions pertaining to
this document shoula be addressed to (b)(3):10 USC 424:(b)(6)
, AAWSA Program
Manager, Defense Intelligence Agency, (b)(3):10 USC 424
T Bidg 6000, Washington,
DC 20340-5100.
ii
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFłSIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 93, "chars": 938, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//F®
ISE ONLY
Contents
Summary.
...V
Metallic Glasses..
Structure.
1
Processing..
2
Glass-Forming Alloys...
2
Casting and Molding
Joining
Foams ...
Thin Films and Coatings .....
4
5
5
...
5
Mechanical Behavior Near Room Temperature ….
.....
Stiffness: Elastic Deformation ..
Strength and Ductility: Plastic Deformation ..
6
6
Fracture Toughness.
Fatigue...........
Wear Resistance
Corrosion and Stress-Corrosion Cracking
Mechanical Behavior at Elevated Temperature …
Other Properties: Magnetic, Electrical, Optical, Thermal, and Acoustic
9
10
10
11
... 12
Metallic Glass Matrix Composites ...
* 13
Processing and Structure of Composites
... 13
Ex Situ Composites.
.. 14
In Situ Composites
1. 14
Mechanical Properties of Composites .
15
Strength and Ductility: Plastic Deformation
• 16
Fracture and Fatigue
16
Aerospace Applications of Metallic Glasses
16
Structural Applications
Other Applications.
16
19
ili
UNCLASSIFIED+#F€

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 89, "chars": 814, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED††FOR-ĐFF
Current Challenges and Prospects for the Future.
Alloy Design
Thermophysical Properties and Thermoplastic Processing
Composites and the Quest for Ductility
Summary and Recommendations .....
LUSE ONLY
.. 20
20
20
21
22
Figures
1. Amorphous Versus Crystalline Structure...
2. Critical Cooling Rate.......
3. Examples of Processing of Metallic Glasses
4. Shear Bands..............
5. Fatigue Limit of Metallic-Glass-Matrix Composites
6. Deformation Map for a Metallic Glasses…
7. Cast Metallic Glass Wedge............
8. Microstructure of In Situ Metallic Glass Matrix Composite.
9. Materials Property Charts.....
Tables
1. Selected Bulk Glass-Forming AlloyS....
2. Comparison of Strengths of Amorphous and Crystalline Aluminum Alloys
1
10
11
13
15
18
3
7
iv
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFIGIAL UET ONLY

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2774, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
Metallic Glasses: Status and Prospects for Aerospace
Applications
Summary
Metallic glasses combine some of the advantageous mechanical properties of
metals-strength, stiffness, and in some cases toughness-with the processing
flexibility usually associated with thermoplastic polymers. The absence of
crystalline defects allows metallic glasses to be much stronger than
conventional alloys but also means they have near-zero tensile ductility and
poor fatigue resistance. In structural applications, therefore, metallic glasses
are most likely to be useful in the form of composites consisting of ductile
crystalline dendrites in a metallic glass matrix. These dendritic composites
sacrifice some strength but can have exceptionally high fracture toughness, as
well as good fatigue resistance, and could replace high-strength steels in
certain load-limited structural components in aerospace vehicles where space
is limited.
Because they are true glasses, thermoplastic forming near the glass transition
temperature affords metallic glasses tremendous flexibility in processing. For
instance, metallic glass components can be formed in a single step (for
example, by injection molding) in complex geometries that would be difficult
or impossible to produce with conventional alloys. In addition, metallic glass
foams can be made with relative ease, raising the possibility of making
structural foams with high strength and stiffness. Finally, because they lack a
crystalline grain structure, metallic glasses can be used to form nanoscale
features with high fidelity. This may make metallic glasses useful in a variety
of micro-electromechanical systems (MEMS) applications.
Metallic glasses also have significant limitations for aerospace applications,
however. Foremost among these is a lack of good glass-forming alloys; in
particular, there are no good aluminum-rich glass-forming alloys, the known
titanium-based alloys are either relatively dense (owing to high
concentrations of alloying elements) or contain beryllium, and the known
magnesium- and iron-based alloys are all quite brittle, with low fracture
toughness. Although metallic glass matrix composites can have outstanding
properties (particularly strength and fracture toughness), the number of good
composite systems known at present is also quite limited.
Therefore, in order for metallic glasses (and their composites) to be of broad
utility in aerospace structural applications, progress in the following areas is
required:
• Development of new lightweight alloys and composite systems, preferably
by computational and/or combinatorial approaches rather than by trial and
error.
• Understanding of mechanical behavior, especially:
V
UNCLASSIFIED/MOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 100, "chars": 719, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- The effect of alloy composition and structure on plastic deformation.
- Microstructural design of composites for optimal toughness.
• Development of processing techniques, including thermophysical
processing of complex and/or nanoscale features as well as production of
metallic glass foams.
It is highly likely that continued work over the next 20-50 years will result in
significant advances in all these areas, and that metallic glasses and metallic
glass matrix composites will see increasing acceptance as structural materials.
Whether or not they achieve widespread use in aerospace applications,
however, depends critically on the development of new, lightweight alloys.
vi
UNCLASSIFIED AFAR OFFIGIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 320, "chars": 2267, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIEDTYTOR OI
LUBE ONLY
Metallic Glasses
STRUCTURE
The atomic-scale structure of most metals and alloys is crystalline; that is, the atoms
are arranged in a highly ordered manner on a lattice that is periodic in three
dimensions, as depicted in Figure 1(a). In contrast to this crystalline structure, metallic
glasses lack the long-range order of a lattice and are therefore said to be amorphous,
as depicted in Figure 1(b). Although the word "amorphous" implies a complete lack of
structural order, in fact the atomic structure of metallic glasses is not truly random.
Constraints on atomic packing provide strong short-range order; for instance, on
average the atoms have a particular number of nearest atomic neighbors at a well-
defined distance. But this short-range order persists only over distances of a few
atoms; there is no long-range order as there is in a crystalline alloy. In many ways, the
atomic-scale structure of metallic glasses more closely resembles the highly disordered
structure of a liquid than the structure of a crystalline alloy.
(a)
(b)
Crystalline
Amorphous (glass)
Figure 1. Amorphous Versus Crystalline Structure, Schematic atomic-scale structure of crystalline
(a) and amorphous (b) metals. In a crystalline structure, order persists over long distances (many
atomic dimensions). In a glass, there is short range order but no long-range order.
A corollary of this difference in structure is that the nature of structural defects is quite
different between crystalline and amorphous alloys. Crystalline alloys, for example,
have extended linear defects in the crystal structure, called dislocations, that are (in
large part) responsible for determining mechanical behavior. The lack of crystalline
order precludes the existence of dislocations in metallic glasses, but other sorts of
defects can be present and may influence properties and behavior.
From an applications point of view, the amorphous structure of metallic glasses has two
principal implications. First, the mechanical properties of amorphous alloys are
significantly different from those of their crystalline counterparts; some of these
differences are advantageous, but others are not. Second, because metallic glasses are
1
UNCLASSIFIED/EAR AFI
GIAL USE ONLT

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2614, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FAR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
glasses in the true sense of the word, rather than melting abruptly (as crystalline
metals do), they soften and flow over a range of temperatures in a manner akin to
common (oxide) glasses. This creates opportunities for tremendous flexibility in the
processing of metallic glasses.
PROCESSING
Glass-Forming Alloys
The key to making a metallic glass is to retain the disordered, liquid-like atomic scale
structure during cooling from the melt. All materials have a tendency to crystallize upon
cooling because the crystalline state is the most stable structure at any temperature
elow the melting point. But crystallization takes time, so if the cooling is fast enough
it is possible to bypass crystallization and form an amorphous structure at the glass
transition temperature (Figure 2(a)). Glass formation and crystallization are therefore
competitive processes; which one will occur depends on the material and the processing
conditions.
(a)
(b)
Temperature
o Pure nickel
Liquid
Melting
lenaperature
Crystal
Glass transition
lemperature
Supercooled
Liquid
-
-
Critical cooling rate (Kis)
10°
-
'8
"C'onventional" metallic glasses
(niax thickness < 1 mm)
10"
10*
Bulk metallic glasses
(max thickness » ( mm)
10°
Glass
10''
107
-
Time
0.2
0.3
0.4
0.5
4.0
0.7
1.8
Reduced glass transition temperature (T/T™'
Figure 2. Critical Cooling Rate. (a) Effect of the cooling rate on glass formation - If the cooling rate is slow (path
1), then the melt crystallizes before going through the glass transition. If the cooling rate is fast enough (path 2),
then the melt can form a glass. The critical cooling rate (path 3) is the slowest rate at which the melt can be cooled
and still form a glass. (b) Critical cooling rates for various metallic alloys - The horizontal axis is the glass transition
temperature normalized to the melting (liquidus) temperature.'
For some materials, such as silica (silicon dioxide) and most thermoplastic polymers,
the crystallization process is slow because the crystal structures are complex and the
basic structural units (for example, segments of polymer chains) are slow to rearrange
into a crystalline form. These materials can therefore be produced in glassy form even
at very low cooling rates; in fact, it can be difficult to crystallize them at all. Metals and
alloys are another matter because the crystal structures are relatively simple and the
basic structural units are individual atoms, which are highly mobile. Metallic crystals
nucleate and grow quickly, making production of a metallic glass more challenging.
2
UNCLASSIFIED/*fl
ONLY

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 465, "chars": 3134, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIEDAIFGR
BAL OOL ONLT
One way to quantify the ability of a metallic alloy to be produced in glassy form is
through the critical cooling rate-the slowest rate at which a metallic liquid may be
cooled and still produce a fully amorphous structure, as shown in Figure 2(a). The
critical cooling rate for a variety of metallic glass-forming alloys is shown in Figure 2(b).
Early metallic glasses (discovered in the 1960s and 19705) were binary alloys with
critical cooling rates typically on the order of 104 to 107 K/s. Achieving such high
cooling rates requires specialized techniques (such as melt spinning) and limits the
maximum thickness of the metallic glass to ‹ 100 um because of the need to rapidly
extract heat from the melt. As a result, these early metallic glasses could be produced
in only a limited range of forms, including ribbons, foils, wires, and powders.
Extensive research efforts in alloy design over the past two decades have resulted in
the development of multi-component alloys with much lower critical cooling rates (0.1
K/s or even lower). This has enabled the production of metallic glass specimens in
larger sizes-in some cases exceeding 1-cm section thickness. Common practice in the
field is to refer to any alloy capable of being cast into a section at least 1-mm thick as a
"bulk" metallic glass. These alloys may be cast or molded into forms suitable for
structural applications.
At present, it is not possible to predict a priori the glass-forming ability of an alloy of
arbitrary composition. A variety of empirical rules for selecting alloying elements and
compositions have been proposed, and techniques have been demonstrated for efficient
searching of composition space. But identification of alloys with good glass-forming
ability is still mostly a matter of trial and error. As a result, the number of truly
outstanding glass-forming alloys (loosely defined as being able to be cast as a glass to
a thickness of at least 1 cm) is quite limited (see Table 1).
Table 1. Selected Bulk Glass-Forming Alloys. Selected alloys reported to have
excellent glass forming ability, quantified here as the maximum thickness of a
fully amorphous casting. 234 5 6 7 8
Composition
Mg65Cu1sAgsPdsGd10
Zr41.2Ti13.8CU12.sNi1oBe22.5
Pd4oCuзoNi1oP20
CU47Zr45Ag4Al4
Pt57.5CU14.7Ni5.3P22.5
Ti4oZr25NiЗCu1zBe2o
Fe48Cr15MО14ErzC15B6
Maximum Thickness
(mm)
10
50
72
16
14
12
Reference
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Moving from the laboratory to industrial practice, it is important to note that factors
besides alloy composition can affect glass-forming ability. In particular, some alloys are
sensitive to the presence of impurities; for example, the glass-forming ability of some
zirconium-containing alloys is dramatically reduced by the presence of oxygen.
Processing conditions also influence the ability to make a glass; these may include the
material and surface finish of the mold and the temperature of the liquid prior to
casting. Finally, glass-forming ability can be quite sensitive to small variations in
composition, which may be difficult to control in industrial practice.
3
UNCLASSIFIED/ FOR OFFIGIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1996, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED AH
HAL USE ONLY
Casting and Molding
Like other alloys, metallic glasses can be cast into net-shape or near-net-shape
geometries. Die casting into a permanent (metal) mold-because it provides the rapid
heat transfer needed to meet the requirement for relatively rapid cooling-is the most
common casting technique. In most cases, casting is done in either a vacuum or an
inert atmosphere to prevent formation of oxide particles that promote crystallization.
Conventional casting, however, does not take advantage of the flexibility afforded by
the glassy nature of these alloys. If a metallic glass is heated to a temperature above
its glass transition temperature, it becomes a supercooled liquid. In this state, the
viscosity drops with increasing temperature over a wide range, making it possible to
control the viscosity by controlling the temperature.! This ability to control the viscosity
enables many of the processing techniques commonly used in molding thermoplastic
polymers to be applied to metallic glasses (Figure 3).
(b)
200 um
5cm
Figure 3. Examples of Processing of Metallic Glasses. (a) Microspring produced by lithography and (b) thin-
walled bottle produced by blow molding. Images are courtesy of Professor Jan Schroers (Yale University).
There are two important limitations on processing of metallic glasses in the supercooled
liquid region. First, supercooled liquids are metastable and have a tendency to
crystallize, so there is a limited window of time (typically on the order of minutes) in
which the processing must be completed if the glassy structure is to be maintained.
Second, the viscosity of many glass-forming alloys near the glass transition
temperature is too high for convenient processing. The viscosity can be reduced by
increasing the processing temperature, but higher temperatures promote crystallization
1 A crystalline metal, in contrast, melts abruptly, going from a rigid solid to a low-viscosity fluid very quickly.
4
UNCLASSIFIED HF@R

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 501, "chars": 3385, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED AFOR OFFICIAL ICE ANLY.
and thus reduce the window of time available for molding. In practice, therefore,
successful molding requires careful control of the processing conditions.
Joining
Structural applications inevitably require joining of components, for instance by
mechanical fasteners or adhesives or by welding, soldering, or brazing. The use of
fasteners and adhesives is much the same for metallic glasses as for any other metal.
Techniques such as welding, soldering, and brazing are potentially problematic because
they involve heating the glassy alloy, running the risk of crystallization (which could
make the joint more brittle). In welding, for instance, the metal to be joined is actually
melted and then resolidifies upon cooling. In the case of a metallic glass, care must be
taken to ensure the cooling rate is fast enough to avoid crystallization. There is also a
risk that the glassy material in the heat-affected zone (near to but not in the molten
region) might crystallize. Laboratory tests of a variety of welding techniques have been
performed on several glass-forming alloys with mixed results, and it is clear that much
remains to be done in this area.
Foams
One particularly promising recent development is the ability to produce metallic glass
foams. Here, the relatively high viscosity of glass-forming alloys is an advantage in
producing a stable foam structure that can be solidified, leaving a high-porosity foam
with metallic glass ligaments.9 These foams have high specific strength (that is,
strength normalized to density) and specific stiffness and could have excellent damage
tolerance, although this has not been demonstrated.
Thin Films and Coatings
The discussion above focuses on the processing of free-standing metallic glasses, with
an emphasis on structural applications. However, it is also possible to produce
amorphous alloys as thin films or coatings using techniques such as physical vapor
deposition or electrodeposition. Although the thicknesses of material that can be
produced in this way are limited, they are useful for making amorphous alloy coatings
(for wear and corrosion resistance) or for thin films for magnetic or micro-
electromechanical system (MEMS) applications. A distinct advantage of the thin film
techniques is that because the effective cooling rates during vapor deposition are
extremely high, a much wider range of alloys can be produced in amorphous form than
is possible with casting. This allows the alloy composition to be tailored for optimization
of functional properties, with less concern about glass-forming ability.
Mechanical Behavior Near Room Temperature
When a material is subjected to a stress, it can experience both elastic and plastic
deformations. Elastic deformation occurs at lower stresses and is recoverable when the
applied stress is removed. The limit of elastic deformation is defined by the yield
stress-the point at which plastic (nonrecoverable) deformation begins. Much of the
current interest in metallic glasses arises because their yield stresses (that is, their
strengths) can be much higher than those of crystalline alloys of similar composition;
this difference is a direct result of the novel atomic-scale structure of metallic glasses.
The fracture and fatigue characteristics of metallic glasses are also different from those
5
UNCLASSIFIED/ITOR OFFYETAL

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2578, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED HA
IAL USE ONŁY
of conventional alloys. In this section, we review the mechanical behavior of metallic
glasses, with particular attention to properties of interest for aerospace applications. We
consider actual properties in detail in the section below on applications, where we
compare the properties of metallic glasses with those of other advanced structural
Stiffness: Elastic Deformation
Stiffness is the resistance of a material to elastic deformation and is quantified by either
the elastic modulus (for tensile or compressive loads) or the shear modulus (for shear
loading). Metallic glasses tend to be somewhat (20-30 percent) less stiff than
crystalline alloys of similar composition. The lower modulus is a consequence of the
amorphous structure, in which atoms are (on average) slightly farther apart than in a
crystalline alloy, enabling certain atomic relaxations that are not possible in a crystal.
The lower modulus of amorphous alloys is clearly a concern in applications where
stiffness is a primary criterion, but it does present some advantages. For instance,
some applications (springs, for example) require the ability to store elastic strain
energy (resilience), and here metallic glasses do quite well. Resilience is also a key
figure of merit for snap-fit assembly of materials without fasteners. Overall, however,
for structural applications, the low stiffness of metallic glasses is a disadvantage.
Strength and Ductility: Plastic Deformation
The theoretical strength of perfect, defect-free crystalline metals is several orders of
magnitude larger than strengths measured in typical laboratory experiments. The
difference exists because metallic crystals inevitably have crystalline defects
(dislocations) that are able to move at relatively low stresses and cause plastic
(nonrecoverable) deformation. Because dislocations cannot exist in an amorphous
structure, in principle the strength of amorphous alloys should approach theoretical
limits based on the inherent strength of the atomic bonds. As shown in Table 2, the
strength of aluminum-based metallic glasses can be two or three times greater than
those of conventional (crystalline) high-strength aluminum alloys. Similarly high
strengths are seen for other amorphous alloys; for instance, the best iron-based alloys
have a strength of approximately 4 GPa-again, two or three times greater than those
of conventional high-strength steels. 1° Such high strengths create great interest in
potential structural applications of metallic glasses.
6
UNCLASSIFIED FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLK

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 2112, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIEDAYTON OFFICIAL USE ONLY
rable 2. Comparison of Strengths of Amorphous and Crystallin
Huminum Alloys. Compared with the theoretical maximum strengt
(taken to be y/30, where p is the shear modulus of pure aluminum).
% of Theoretical
Yield Stress (MPa)
Strength
1,600
-
Theoretical
Strength (Defect-
Free Crystal)
Typical High-
Strength
Aluminum Alloy
7xxx Series) 11
Best Crystalline
Aluminum Alloy12
Aluminum-Based:
Metallic Glass13
400-500
25-31%
770
1,280
48%
80%
Unfortunately, the lack of dislocations in amorphous alloys is also their Achilles' heel. In
crystalline alloys, dislocations move and multiply in response to applied stresses,
resulting in dislocation tangles that increase the resistance to further dislocation
motion. This process, called strain hardening, is of crucial importance because it makes
plastic deformation stable. If one region of a crystalline material yields and begins to
plastically deform, the deforming region strain hardens, and so another region will
deform instead. The result is that the plastic deformation is not concentrated but rather
spreads through a large volume of material. Metallic glasses, lacking dislocations, do
not strain harden and in fact strain soften in response to plastic deformation. This
means that as soon as any one region yields, any further deformation will occur in the
same region. This process, known as shear localization, leads to the formation of shear
bands (Figure 4). In any loading geometry where the metallic glass experiences
significant tensile loading, fracture occurs on a single dominant shear band with
essentially zero tensile ductility.? Metallic glasses therefore fracture in an abrupt,
apparently brittle manner on the macroscopic scale (even though there can be
significant plasticity on a microscopic scale). This lack of ductility is of obvious concern
to designers interested in structural applications. Furthermore, it limits the ability to
fabricate metallic glasses into different shapes by deformation processing (by rolling or
forging, for instance) after casting.
7
UNCLASSIFIED//TOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 276, "chars": 1938, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED /FOR OF
CIAL USE ONLY
200 pm
Figure 4. Shear Bands, Produced by bending of a zirconium-based metallic glass, 14
Fracture Toughness
Fracture toughness is a measure of a material's resistance to growth of cracks, a critical
property for structural materials subjected to tensile loading. In very tough metals, the
toughness usually results from plastic deformation that occurs near the tip of the
advancing crack; plastic deformation requires energy, and the need to provide this
energy translates into resistance to crack growth.3 Despite their lack of tensile ductility,
at least some metallic glasses are not brittle in the same sense that ceramics are, for
example, because they can experience significant plastic deformation around the crack
tip during fracture. For instance, the fracture toughness (Kic) of zirconium-based
metallic glasses is about 20 MPa m//2 15-somewhat lower than the ~ 55 MPa m1/2
typical of crystalline zirconium alloys16 but much greater than the fracture toughness of
ceramics (typically 1-5 MPa-m12). The fact that metallic glasses are reasonably tough
despite their lack of tensile ductility suggests structural applications are not out of the
question.
However, some metallic glasses appear to be intrinsically brittle in that they fracture
with only limited plastic deformation near the crack top and thus have very low value:
of fracture toughness. For this reason, some alloys that would otherwise be highly
desirable, such as iron-based metallic glasses (for their high strength and low cost) and
magnesium-based glasses (for their low density), fall into this category. The physical
origins of the difference between intrinsically brittle metallic glasses and those capable
of limited plastic deformation (and thus some toughness) are not well understood.
3 In other materials, notably polymer-matrix composites, other mechanisms of toughening can be more important,
8
UNCLASSIFIED FIFOR

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 336, "chars": 2261, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIEDAYTOK OF
CIAL USE ONLY
Even some metallic glasses with reasonable toughness may be embrittled by exposure
to elevated temperatures. This may occur in the heat-affected zone during welding (as
discussed above), or it may be a by-product of processing in the supercooled liquid
region (as in injection molding, for instance). The causes of embrittlement are also not
well understood, and there is no known way to reverse embrittlement once it occurs.
Fatigue
Fatigue is a process by which materials can experience incremental crack growth owing
to cyclic loading, even at stresses well below the yield stress, If unabated, fatigue
cracks can grow to a critical length at which abrupt catastrophic fracture occurs. Up to
90 percent of failures of structural components in service are estimated to be caused by
fatigue, making fatigue resistance of obvious importance to designers.
The fatigue resistance of metallic glasses is not very good. A common measure of
fatigue resistance is the fatigue limit-the stress amplitude (range) below which no
fatigue failure will occur, regardless of the number of loading cycles the material
experiences. The fatigue limit for high-strength crystalline alloys is typically about 40
percent of the tensile strength, but for metallic glasses, it is only about 5 percent of the
tensile strength (Figure 5). The reason for this difference has to do with the structure of
the material. In a crystalline alloy, there are microstructural features (such as grain
boundaries and precipitate particles) that can inhibit the growth of fatigue cracks. In
metallic glasses, the microstructure is completely featureless, and there is nothing to
prevent fatigue cracks from growing once they have been initiated.
The poor fatigue resistance of metallic glasses is a critical limitation for structural
applications in aerospace because it implies a need to overdesign components to keep
the stresses far below the yield stress. Thus, much of the advantage of having a high-
strength material in the first place is lost. The desire to improve metallic glasses'
fatigue performance has led to the development of metallic-glass-matrix composites
with outstanding properties, as discussed below.
9
UNCLASSIFIED /FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 218, "chars": 1510, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED /FOR
tAL USE ONLY.
Stress amplitude/Ultimate tensile strength
1
DINTE
agae
Dendritic composite
•=====
High-strength steel
Single-phase
metallic glass
a--
0.01
10°
10*
10°
10'
Number of cycles to failure
T
10'
10°
Wear Resistance
Because of their high yield strength, metallic glasses also have very high hardness.
Particular in, erest es the comight dave gone grib cores one are or some bos
(see below), opening up potential applications such as coatings on dry bearings for
resistance is perhaps not as good as their high hardness would suggest. Nevertheless,
the wear resistance of metallic glasses can still be quite good, and in fact one of the
principal current markets for amorphous alloys is as wear- and corrosion-resistant
coatings for tools such as drill bits.
Corrosion and Stress-Corrosion Cracking
It is frequently stated that metallic glasses have excellent corrosion resistance, but this
is not always true. The lack of grain boundaries and second-phase particles makes
some metallic glasses extremely resistant to corrosion, but this is not true of all alloys
(some of which oxidize rapidly in air). Broadly speaking, the corrosion resistance of
nickel- and iron-based metallic glasses is better than that of alloys based on zirconium,
titanium, and copper (particularly in environments containing chloride ions). 21 Some
alloys are susceptible to localized pitting corrosion, probably facilitated by the presence
of crystalline inclusions.
10
UNCLASSIFIED /4EQR OFFICIAL UGE ONLY

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 220, "chars": 1715, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/?TOK Or
ITAL OOL ONLY
The subject of stress-corrosion cracking of metallic glasses, despite its obvious
importance for structural applications, has received scant attention in the literature.
What little work that has been done has focused on zirconium-based glasses, with the
observation that these alloys are very susceptible to stress-corrosion cracking in
aqueous environments containing chloride ions, likely owing to the fact that they do not
form protective oxide surface layers.?2
Mechanical Behavior at Elevated Temperature
The discussion above relates to mechanical behavior at temperatures well below the
glass transition temperature. At elevated temperatures, the strength drops and plastic
aerormation transitions to a homogeneous mode, occurring throughout the specimen
instead of being localized into shear bands (Figure 6). Above the glass transition
temperature, the alloy becomes a fluid, with a viscosity that drops exponentially with
increasing temperature. Because the strength of the material is low, temperatures
either above or below the glass transition may be useful for processing, as discussed
above. However, the decrease in strength and the tendency for crystallization at
elevated temperatures preclude use of metallic glasses from structural applications at
temperatures approaching the glass transition temperature.
10'
Inhomogeneous defornation
(shcar localization)
na sens patin
10:10
010°
101L
103
15'
Non-Newtonian
Shear stress at 300 K
Elastic
(negligible flow)
1.....
Newtonian
10 L
0.4
0.5
0.6
0.7
0.8
0.9
L
1.1
1.2
T/T,
Figure 6. Deformation Map for Metallic Glasses. As a function of temperature (normalized to the glass
11
UNCLASSIFIED /FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2378, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED tyl
Other Properties: Magnetic, Electrical, Optical, Thermal, and Acoustic
Although most of the current interest in metallic glasses centers on their mechanical
properties, it is appropriate to consider other properties of potential utility. Of these,
the magnetic properties of ferromagnetic metallic glasses stand out." A variety of
ferromagnetic glass-forming alloys exist, mostly based on transition metals (iron,
nickel, and cobalt). The presence of alloying elements (necessary to make the material
glass-forming) means the saturation magnetization of metallic glasses is not as large as
that of the pure elements. However, some amorphous alloys have very low coercivity (a
measure of how strong a magnetic field must be to change the direction of
magnetization of the material) owing to the lack of crystalline defects (such as grain
boundaries) and magnetocrystalline anisotropy. In addition, the relatively high electrical
resistivity of amorphous alloys (see below) minimizes eddy current losses caused by
high-frequency magnetization/demagnetization. Some amorphous alloys also have
strong magnetoelastic effects (coupling between magnetic properties such as
susceptibility or magnetization and elastic strain). Current and potential future
applications of these magnetic properties are discussed below.
Like crystalline alloys, metallic glasses have conduction electrons that make them both
electrically and thermally conductive,25 although their structural disorder and high alloy
content make them poor conductors. In addition, in a behavior that is useful in some
applications, the conductivity of metallic glasses is not very sensitive to temperature;
an exception is near absolute zero, where some amorphous alloys become
superconducting.
Another consequence of the amorphous structure of metallic glasses is that they tend to
have very low acoustic damping. This may be useful in applications such as vibrating-
structure gyroscopes for vehicle orientation, 26
A common misperception among those hearing about metallic glasses for the first time
is to think they are transparent. This is not the case; amorphous alloys are highly
reflective, with a shiny luster similar to that of other metals (Figure 7). This is a result
of the presence of the conduction electrons, which scatter and absorb incident light.
12
UNCLASSIFIEDHEOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 236, "chars": 1659, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/†FOR
Figure 7. Cast Metallic Glass Wedge. Wedge of a zirconium-based bulk metallic glass produced by
asting. Note the shiny metallic luster, typical of metallic glasses.?7
Metallic Glass Matrix Composites
As discussed above, the lack of crystalline defects gives metallic glasses high strength
but compromises their ductility and fracture toughness. In particular, the tendency for
plastic deformation to localize into shear bands prevents the material from deforming in
a "graceful" manner. So it should not be surprising that there have been many
attempts to control shear band initiation and propagation by making composite
materials consisting of particles or fibers of some other material (most commonly a
ductile crystalline metal) in a metallic glass matrix. The idea is to produce a material
with improved ductility, fracture toughness, and fatigue properties while (hopefully) not
sacrificing the qualities-especially strength and processing flexibility-that make
metallic glasses interesting in the first place.
PROCESSING AND STRUCTURE OF COMPOSITES
Broadly speaking, there are two kinds of metallic glass matrix composites: ex situ and
in situ. In ex situ composites, the metallic glass and the crystalline phase (be it in the
form of particles or fibers) are physically combined, for instance by adding particles to
the melt before casting. In situ composites are different in that the crystalline phase is
produced directly from the melt (by precipitation) during processing. This fundamental
difference in processing leads to significant differences in structure and therefore in
properties.
13
UNCLASSIFIEDHTOR OrTI
CIAL USL ONLY

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 464, "chars": 3134, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED HEAR OFFIGIAL USE OMLK
EX SITU COMPOSITES
There are two basic ways of making ex situ composites, in which the metallic glass
matrix and the crystalline phase are combined physically, without a chemical reaction:
• Add crystalline particles to a melt of a glass-forming alloy and then cast under
conditions that allow the matrix to form a metallic glass.
• Make a preform of a crystalline phase (by packing fibers into a mold, for instance)
and then cast the glass-forming alloy around the preform.
Both approaches have limitations. In the first, the addition of particles to the melt
increases the viscosity (which is already quite high relative to non-glass-forming alloys)
considerably, ultimately to a point where casting becomes impossible. This limits the
volume fraction of particles that can be added, which in turn limits the control one has
over the microstructure and, in particular, the spacing of the particles. With a perform,
the volume fraction of the crystalline phase can be much higher (up to about 80
percent by volume), but the problem then is how to infiltrate the high-viscosity melt
into the preform without leaving voids and while still ensuring sufficiently rapid cooling
to form a glassy matrix. With both approaches, interfacial reactions between the
crystalline phase and the melt can cause partial or complete crystallization of the
matrix, degrading the mechanical properties.
IN SITU COMPOSITES
The difficulty of making satisfactory ex situ composites has led to the development of a
new approach in which the crystalline phase is precipitated directly from the melt,
either during casting28 or in a separate step prior to casting. 29 30 Precipitation during
casting, although easier, is problematic from a practical standpoint because variations
in the cooling rate (from the surface to the center of a casting, for instance) lead to
significant variations in structure and, hence, in properties.
One of the most promising recent advances in the metallic glass field is the
development of in situ composites in which the crystalline phase is precipitated as
dendrites, either during casting (Figure 8) or by holding the alloy at an elevated
temperature prior to casting. 31 By suitably choosing alloy composition, holding time,
and temperature, the volume fraction, size, and spacing of the dendritic phase can be
controlled. This control provides great flexibility in determining the mechanical
properties of the resulting material. Because the crystalline phase is produced prior to
casting, variation in the cooling rate across the casting is much less important, though
the cooling rate must still be sufficiently high to ensure the matrix forms a glass during
cooling. Once the glassy matrix is formed, the composite can be reheated above the
glass transition temperature, allowing for thermoplastic forming in a manner similar to
single-phase metallic glasses (as described above). Finally, the presence of the
dendritic second phase allows for deformation processes (for example, by cold rolling or
forging), similar to crystalline alloys.32
14
UNCLASSIFIED AYFOR GFFYETAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 309, "chars": 2105, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED T
(a).
50 pm
10 pm
Figure 8. Microstructure of In Situ Metallic Glass Matrix Composite. With ductile crystalline dendrites.
(a) Scanning electron micrograph showing the dendrites (light gray) in the glassy matrix (dark gray).
(b) Composite after plastic deformation; note the multiplicity of slip steps, indicating extensive
interaction of shear bands with the dendrites. 33
The key limitation of these in situ composites is that not every alloy system is capable
of forming them. While any alloy will form crystalline phases at elevated temperatures,
usually the crystalline phases that form are brittle intermetallics that degrade rather
than enhance the mechanical properties. To be effective in controlling shear bands, the
precipitated phase needs to be ductile, have a shear modulus lower than that of the
glassy matrix, and (preferably) form as dendrites. To date, the only published reports
of systems that satisfy these criteria concern alloys based on early transition metals,
notably zirconium and titanium. Whether in situ composites can be developed in other
alloy systems remains to be seen.
MECHANICAL PROPERTIES OF COMPOSITES
The ability to produce mixed amorphous-crystalline microstructure provides the ability
to control the formation and propagation of shear bands. The resulting materials can
have good fracture and fatigue resistance while retaining the high strength and
processing flexibility associated with metallic glasses.
The origin of these effects is related to the development of a region of plastic
deformation at the tip of an advancing crack. For a crack opening under tensile loading,
the size of the plastic region is approximately given by:
Rp =
K
o,
(Equation 1)
where Kic is the plane-strain fracture toughness (mentioned above) and ay is the yield
strength. The size of the plastic zone varies from ~ 1 um for "intrinsically brittle"
metallic glasses to ~ 1 mm for glasses capable of some plastic deformation. 34 If the
material has structure on this length scale (or if the sample itself is of this size), then
15
UNCLASSIFIED /FOR OFFIGIAL USE ONE*

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 378, "chars": 2693, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED+Y4
PrICIAL USE ONLY
deformation can proceed in a stable manner by generation and subsequent arrest of
shear bands. The key to composite design is to produce a microstructure with the
correct length scale to prevent propagating shear bands from becoming catastrophic
cracks. This turns out to be relatively difficult with ex situ composites, for reasons of
processing described above. As a result, the recently developed dendritic in situ
composites have the most promising properties, and we focus the remainder of our
discussion on them.
STRENGTH AND DUCTILITY: PLASTIC DEFORMATION
As with other composite materials, the yield strength of metallic glass matrix
composites can be approximated as a simple rule of mixtures based on the volume •
fraction of the two phases. Because the ductile crystalline phases useful for limiting
shear band propagation are weaker than the amorphous matrix, in producing a
composite, some sacrifice in strength is inevitable. However, the gains in tensile
ductility can be significant. For instance, monolithic titanium-based metallic glasses
(like all metallic glasses) have essentially zero tensile ductility, but in situ composites
based on titanium have been reported with tensile elongation as large as 12 percent. 35
This is comparable to the ductility of Ti-6AI-4V (the most common conventional
titanium alloy), but in a material with about 30 percent greater strength. The properties
of metallic glass matrix composites and more conventional materials are further
compared below.
FRACTURE AND FATIGUE
The development of a stable plastic zone means additional energy is required for crack
propagation, making in situ composites much more resistant to fracture and fatigue
than are single-phase glasses. For instance, the plane-strain fracture toughness of
some zirconium-based in situ composites can exceed 170 MPa m1/2-7 times greater
than that of single-phase glasses and greater than that of virtually any other metallic
alloy 36 This resistance to crack propagation is also manifested as improved fatigue
performance. The fatigue strength of the zirconium-based in situ composites is 20-30
percent of the tensile strength; in comparison, monolithic metallic glasses have a
fatigue strength of only ~ 5 percent of the tensile strength. 37 The fatigue strength of
the in situ composites is thus comparable to that of conventional structural alloys.
Aerospace Applications of Metallic Glasses
STRUCTURAL APPLICATIONS
The key properties of materials for structural applications in aerospace are:
• Strength.
• Stiffness (Young's modulus).
• Density (weight).
• Fracture toughness (damage tolerance).
16
UNCLASSIFIED †FOR OFFIETAL USE ONŁY

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 350, "chars": 2511, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED /†FOR OFFICIAŁ USE ONŁY
• Fatigue resistance (including resistance to both fatigue crack initiation and fatigue
crack growth).
• Corrosion resistance (including stress-corrosion cracking).
• Cost (including raw materials, shaping, and assembly).
Figure 9 illustrates the mechanical properties of metallic glasses and metallic glass
matrix composites compared with other structural materials. Since weight is a
particular concern in aerospace applications, in Figure 9(a) we normalize both yield
strength (oy) and stiffness (E) to density (p); two materials with the same specific
strength (oy /p) or specific stiffness (E/p) could be used to produce a component with
the same overall strength or stiffness, respectively, at the same weight. Materials in the
upper-right corner of the plot have the best combination of strength and stiffness for a
given weight. Notice that the metallic glasses (and dendritic composites) can be
stronger than virtually all crystalline metals, although the stiffness of metallic glasses
tends to be somewhat smaller than that of crystalline alloys of similar composition.
Figure 9(b) illustrates the damage tolerance of metallic glasses compared with other
materials. By plotting the fracture toughness (KIC) against modulus (E), we can also
compare the fracture energy (GIc = (KIc)Z/E) of the materials; the dashed diagonal
lines are lines of constant fracture energy. Figure 9(b) reveals several interesting
aspects of the damage tolerance of metallic glasses. First, although the fracture
toughness of some metallic glasses is comparable to that of crystalline metals, some
metallic glasses-most notably those based on iron (Fe) and magnesium (Mg)-are as
brittle as any ceramic. Second, both the fracture toughness and the fracture energy of
the dendritic metallic glass matrix composites can be superior to those of all but the
most fracture-resistant metals.
These considerations suggest the dendritic metallic glass matrix composites might
indeed find applications as structural materials in aircraft and/or spacecraft. The most
obvious applications would be to replace steel in certain components where strength is
critical but space is limited. These might include pylon structures and landing gear, 38
although it has yet to be demonstrated that the composites can be fabricated in the
sizes necessary. Furthermore, the corrosion and stress-corrosion cracking resistance of
these materials has not been fully evaluated.
17
UNCLASSIFIED/FOR-OFFICIALUSE-ONLY

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 102, "chars": 833, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Specific strength. oy/p (MPam? kg-')
UNCLASSIFIED/FOR
(a)
Dendritic
composites
Metale glasses
Wood
Titanium
along grain!
Palmers
Nylon
PEEK
Aluminum
Sincon
carbide
0
Aluming
0.1
0.01→
1.001 7
0.1
100-
Polymer
foams
Netals
crystalling)
Fracture toughness, Ki (MPa Vm)
10
100
Specific stiffness, E/p (MPa m3 kg-')
(b)
Zi based
- Low alloy
Steels
Dendritic composites
10-
Polymore
Ti based
Metallie glasses
Hardwood
falong grant
Ce. Al, Ni Cu,
10
"Nickel-based
superalloys
Titanium
Metals
Zirconia
Silicon
/ nitride:
Silcon
OFAP
(aso)
Fe. Mrs, Mo, Or,C, B,
100
Stiffness, E (GPa)
1000
Figure 9. Materials Property Charts. (a) Strength and stiffness (both normalized to density) of metallic glasses
(yellow) and dendritic metallic glass matrix composites (red) compared with other materials. (b) Damage
18
UNCLASSIFIED HEAR
LAd USE AMLX

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 440, "chars": 3046, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED HFOR eF
USL-ONLY
Metallic glass foams (see above) also provide intriguing possibilities for structural
applications. It has recently been shown that metallic glass foams with outstanding
strength can be formed by controlling the size of the ligaments between pores. 40 This is
a new development, and these foams have not been fully characterized, but it seems
likely that optimized foams will have a specific stiffness (E/p) superior to that of
polymer foams, along with high strength and acoustic damping. Such structural foams
could be useful in applications requiring strength and stiffness under compressive loads,
such as structural panels for extraterrestrial buildings. Conceivably, such structural
foams might even be produced on site (from raw feedstock), reducing the volume of
material that needs to be launched.
A final possibility is that metallic glasses might be combined with polymer composites
into metal-fiber laminate materials. Similar laminates (with crystalline aluminum alloys)
are being employed in large quantities on the new Airbus 380 and are likely to find
increased application in the future, 41 The use of metallic glasses in these laminates is
appealing because of their high specific strength (although the specific stiffness is lower
than that of aluminum). Furthermore, the individual layers in the laminate are
sufficiently thin that a wide range of glass-forming alloys might be considered (in
contrast to thicker structural sections, which will be limited by the glass-forming ability
of the alloy).
OTHER APPLICATIONS
Monolithic metallic glasses are unique among metallic materials in having no
microstructure at length scales of more than a few atomic spacings. In principle then,
metallic glasses should be capable of replicating features down to this scale. This
possibility is facilitated by the ability of metallic glasses to be formed in the supercooled
liquid temperature range with controllable viscosity. Indeed, superplastic forming of
metallic glass surfaces with features as small as 13 nanometers has been
demonstrated. 42 This ability could be exploited for direct embossing of nanostructures
in polymers or other materials. Structures on this length scale are also potentially
useful as diffraction gratings for ultraviolet and soft x-ray radiation.
In a related area, metallic glasses have a variety of useful properties for application in
micro-electromechanical system (MEMS) actuators, including large elastic strains and
high resilience (elastic strain energy storage), good corrosion and wear resistance, and
an excellent surface finish. *3 The scale of these devices is smaller than the plastic zone
size (Equation 1 above), making brittle fracture unlikely. Furthermore, a much wider
variety of amorphous alloys can be made in thin film form (by vapor deposition) than is
possible by casting.
Finally, the magnetic properties of certain amorphous alloys have long been exploited.
1g revere: sur apietons are ey crite wet me the runty ate
19
UNCLASSIFIED/«FO
SLAL USE OHLY

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 3383, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/«FOR
USE ONŁ*
Current Challenges and Prospects for the Future
ALLOY DESIGN
A critical limitation of existing metallic glass technology (and related composites) is the
relative dearth of alloys with good glass-forming ability. The best glass-forming alloys
are either based on expensive elements (for example, palladium) or contain toxic
elements (for example, beryllium in the best zirconium- and titanium-based alloys). For
aerospace applications, the most glaring lack is that, despite significant alloy design
efforts in the United States (through the DARPA Structural Amorphous Metals program),
Japan, China, and elsewhere, there are no good glass-forming alloys based on
aluminum. Attempts to make aluminum-based metallic glass components by
consolidating amorphous powders have met with limited success. Similarly, all of the
good iron-based metallic glasses contain considerable amounts of nonmetallic elements
(notably carbon, boron, silicon, and/or phosphorus), which are thought to contribute to
the very low fracture toughness of these alloys (Figure 9(b)).
However, there is reason to expect that further progress is possible. Recent
experimental results have shown that some of the empirical "rules" of glass-forming
ability 4 are actually quite flexible, and that glass-forming ability is much more sensitive
to composition than had been previously appreciated. 45 So it is highly probable that
some excellent glass-forming alloys compositions remain to be discovered, possibly
including some low-density glasses based on aluminum.
Identifying these good glass-forming alloys will be a challenge. Most alloy development
to date has been done with a brute-force approach, but combinatorial techniques46re
likely to enable much more rapid screening. One issue is identification of suitable
metrics for glass-forming ability, since the combinatorial approaches use vapor-
deposited thin films, and it is not clear what characteristics of such a film correlate with
glass-forming ability in the bulk. Similarly, continued development of ab initio molecular
dynamics techniques should enable identification of candidate alloys from computer
simulations, particularly as computers continue to increase in power.
One area that has received insufficient attention is the influence of processing
conditions on glass-forming ability. For instance, application of electromagnetic
vibrations during cooling reportedly significantly enhances the glass-forming ability of
magnesium-based metallic glasses. 4 This approach could, in principle, be applied to
other alloys, possibly greatly extending the range of alloys and compositions that can
be produced as bulk metallic glasses.
THERMOPHYSICAL PROPERTIES AND THERMOPLASTIC PROCESSING
Most of the practical interest in single-phase (monolithic) metallic glasses centers on
the potential for thermoplastic processing near to or above the glass transition
temperature. However, the thermophysical properties and behavior of metallic glasses
are not well understood. For instance, the viscosity of the metallic glass melt (or
supercooled liquid) is of critical importance, but we do not know how and why alloy
composition influences viscosity. From an engineering point of view, the practical
aspects of molding of metallic glasses are just beginning to be explored. Certainly many
20
UNCLASSIFIED/LEQR DEEICIAL USE DALK

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 510, "chars": 3413, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR •
GIAL UGE ONLY
parallels can be drawn with thermoplastic forming of polymers, but there are certain to
be many differences as well.
Continued developments in this area are highly likely to result in the ability to produce
complex net-shape parts in a single processing step. This ease of processing could
offset the higher raw materials costs for metallic glasses, making them competitive in a
much wider range of applications. Furthermore, as noted above, the ability to replicate
extremely small features (< 20 nanometers) in metallic glasses is likely to be exploited
in the manufacture of nanostructured devices. 48 49
Finally, development of metallic glass foams will continue and will be aided by improved
understanding of thermophysical properties. It is highly likely that foams will be
produced in a wide range of glass-forming alloys, and that techniques will be developed
for precise control of the porosity, pore size, ligament size, and connectivity. This will
allow the properties of these foams to be tailored to particular applications.
COMPOSITES AND THE QUEST FOR DUCTILITY
From the point of view of structural applications, localization of plastic deformation into
shear bands is the single biggest challenge because this tendency limits the tensile
ductility, fracture toughness, and fatigue crack resistance of metallic glasses. There
may well be no solution to this problem for monolithic metallic glasses, for the simple
reason that they lack any microstructure to interact with shear bands.
Progress is likely to occur on two fronts. First, it is now well established that some
alloys are inherently brittle, in the sense that they experience very little plastic
deformation around a crack tip, while other alloys show extensive plastic deformation
(albeit localized into shear bands). The precise reason for this difference is not
understood at present, but it seems likely that it will be resolved with continued work
on fundamental aspects of plastic deformation and fracture. This is likely to lead to
development of new alloys with reasonable fracture toughness, although not to tensile
ductility. However, even this will be an important step if such alloys can be used as
matrices for composites.
Second, in order to achieve tensile ductility, it appears to be necessary to have some
microstructural features to interact with shear bands. Furthermore, the length scale of
the microstructure is clearly a critical parameter in arresting shear band propagation.
Again, the precise reasons for this are not known, but continued research quite likely
will lead to an improved understanding of the interactions between second-phase
particles and shear bands.
At present, the most promising approach to producing composite materials with the
proper microstructural length scale is the formation of dendritic composites, as
discussed above. A critical limitation is that this process has been demonstrated in only
two, closely related alloys and does not appear to be a general phenomenon.
Unfortunately, our understanding of thermodynamics and phase formation in complex
multicomponent alloys is not such that we can predict a priori which alloys are capable
of producing ductile dendrites in a glass-forming matrix. Until that understanding is
developed, discovery of new dendritic composite materials will remain a matter of trial
21
UNCLASSIFIED/TOR Or
CIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 429, "chars": 3190, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED /77OR-OT79
and error. The potential benefits are significant, however, because there exists the
possibility of making materials with exceptionally high strength, fracture toughness,
and fatigue resistance.
Summary and Recommendations
Metallic glasses combine some of the advantageous mechanical properties of metals—
strength, stiffness, and in some cases toughness—with the processing flexibility usually
associated with thermoplastic polymers. The absence of crystalline defects allows
metallic glasses to be much stronger than conventional alloys but also means they have
near-zero tensile ductility and poor fatigue resistance. In structural applications,
therefore, metallic glasses are most likely to be useful in the form of composites
consisting of ductile crystalline dendrites in a metallic glass matrix. These dendritic
composites sacrifice some strength but can have exceptionally high fracture toughness,
as well as good fatigue resistance, and could replace high-strength steels in certain
load-limited structural components in aerospace vehicles where space is limited.
Because they are true glasses, thermoplastic forming near the glass transition
temperature affords metallic glasses tremendous flexibility in processing. For instance,
metallic glass components can be formed in a single step (for example, by injection
molding) in complex geometries that would be difficult or impossible to produce with
conventional alloys. In addition, metallic glass foams can be made with relative ease,
raising the possibility of making structural foams with high strength and stiffness.
Finally, because they lack a crystalline grain structure, metallic glasses can be used to
form nanoscale features with high fidelity. This may make metallic glasses useful in a
variety of micro-electromechanical systems (MEMS) applications.
Metallic glasses also have significant limitations for aerospace applications, however.
Foremost among these is a lack of good glass-forming alloys; in particular, there are no
good aluminum-rich glass-forming alloys, the known titanium-based alloys are either
relatively dense (owing to high concentrations of alloying elements) or contain
beryllium, and the known magnesium- and iron-based alloys are all quite brittle, with
low fracture toughness. Although metallic glass matrix composites can have
outstanding properties (particularly strength and fracture toughness), the number of
good composite systems known at present is also quite limited.
For metallic glasses (and their composites) to be of broad utility in aerospace structural
applications, progress in the following areas is required:
• Development of new lightweight alloys and composite systems, preferably by
computational and/or combinatorial approaches rather than by trial and error.
• Understanding of mechanical behavior, especially:
- The effect of alloy composition and structure on plastic deformation.
- Microstructural design of composites for optimal toughness.
• Development of processing techniques, including thermophysical processing of
complex and/or nanoscale features as well as production of metallic glass foams.
22
UNCLASSIFIED /4FOR OFFICIAL USE ANLY.

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 466, "chars": 4630, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/7TOR GIPICLAL USE ONLY
It is highly likely that continued work over the next 20-50 years will result in significant
advances in all these areas, and that metallic glasses and metallic glass matrix
composites will see increasing acceptance as structural materials. Whether or not they
achieve widespread use in aerospace applications, however, depends critically on the
development of new, lightweight alloys.
1 Z. P. Lu, Y. Liu, and C. T. Liu, Chapter 4 in Bulk Metallic Glasses, M. Miller and P. K. Liaw, eds. (Springer, 2009).
2 H. Men, W. T. Kim, and D. H. Kim, Mater. Trans. 44, 2142 (2003).
3 A. Peker and W. L. Johnson, Appl. Phys. Lett. 63, 2342 (1993).
4 N. Nishiyama and A. Inoue, Mater, Trans. JIM 37, 1531 (1996).
5 W. Zhang, Q. S. Zhang, and A. Inoue, Mater. Trans. 50, 679 (2009).
• J. Schroers and W. L. Johnson, Appl. Phys. Lett. 84, 3666 (2004).
" F. Guo, H. Wang, S. J. Poon, and G. J. Shiflet, Appl, Phys. Lett. 86, 091907 (2005).
§ V. Ponnambalam, 5. J. Poon, and G. J. Shiflet, I. Mater. Res. 19, 1320 (2004).
9 A. H. Brothers and D. C. Dunand, Scripta Mater. 54, 513 (2006).
1D X. J. Gu, S. 1. Poon, and G. 1. Shiflet, J. Mater. Res. 22, 344 (2007).
11 Data from Matweb, <www.matweb.com».
12 Data from MatWeb, <www.matweb.com».
13 Y. He, G. M. Dougherty, G. J. Shiflet, and S. J. Poon, Acta Metall. Mater. 41, 337 (1993).
14 Graphic reproduced from C. A. Schuh, T. C. Hufnagel, and U. Rammamurty, Acta Mater, 55, 4067 (2007) and
used with the permission of Elsevier, Ltd. Original micrograph is from R. D. Conner, W. L. Johnson, N. E. Paton,
and W. D. Nix, J. Appl. Phys. 94, 904 (2003).
15 P. Lowhaphandu and J. J. Lewandwoski, Scripta Mater. 38, 1811 (1998).
16 Data from MatWeb, <www.matweb.com».
1 C. J. Gilbert, V. Schroeder, and R. O. Ritchie, Metall. Mater, Trans. A 30, 1739 (1999).
18 B. Menzel and R. H. Dauskardt, Acta Mater. 54, 935 (2006).
19 M. E. Launey, D. C. Hofmann, W. L. Johnson, and R. O. Ritchie, Proc. Nat. Acad. Sci. 106, 4986 (2009).
2 A. L. Greer, K. L. Rutherford, and I. M. Hutchings, Int. Mater. Rev, 47, 87 (2002).
21 B. A. Green, P. K. Liaw, and R. A. Buchanan, Chapter 8 in Bulk Metallic Glasses, M. Miller and P. K.Liaw, eds.
(Springer, 2009).
ž2 V. Schroeder and R. O. Ritchie, Acta Metall. 54, 1785 (2006).
23 Graphic reproduced from C. A. Schuh, T. C. Hufnagel, and U. Rammamurty, Acta Mater. 55, 4067 (2007) and
used with the permission of Elsevier, Ltd.
24 A. Hernando and M. Vazquez, Ch. 17 in Rapidly Solidified Alloys, H. H. Liebermann, ed. (Marcel Dekker, 1993).
25 T. Richmond and H.J. Guntherodt, Ch. 14 In Rapidly Solidified Alloys, H. H. Liebermann, ed. (Marcel Dekker,
1993).
26 C. Haon, D. Camel, B. Drevet, and J. M. Pelletier, Metall. Mater. Trans. A 39, 1791 (2008).
2 Photograph by Todd Hufnagel.
28 C. C. Hays, C. P. Kim, and W. L. Johnson, Phys. Rev. Lett. 84, 2901 (2000).
29 C. Fan, R. T. Ott, and T. C. Hufnagel, Appl. Phys. Lett. 81, 1020 (2002).
30 D. Hofmann, J.-Y. Suh, A. Wiest, G. Duan, M.L. Lind, M. D. Demetriou, and W. L. Johnson, Nature 451, 1085
5202 Hormann, 1.-Y. Suh, A. Wiest, G. Duan, M.L. Lind, M. D. Demetriou, and W. L. Johnson, Nature 451, 1085
(2D. Hotmann, J.-Y. Suh, A. Wiest, G. Duan, M.L. Lind, M. D. Demetriou, and W. L. Johnson, Nature 451, 1085
• 1 graphics reproduced from C. A. Schul, T. C. Hufnagal, and U. Rammarurty, Acta Mater. 55, 4067 (2007) and
used with the permission of Elsevier, Ltd. Original artwork provided by Charlle Hays, Caltech.
31 M. F. Ashby and A. L. Greer, Scripta Mater. 54, 321 (2006).
35 D. C. Hofmann, J.Y. Suh, A. Wiest, M.L. Lind, M. D. Demetriou, and W. L. Johnson, Proc. Nat. Acad. Sci. 105,
20136 (2008).
36 D. Hofmann, J.-Y. Suh, A. Wiest, G. Duan, M.L. Lind, M. D, Demetriou, and W. L. Johnson, Nature 451, 1085
1200 E. Launey, D. C. Hofmann, W. L Johnson, and R. O. Ritchie, Proc. Nat. Acad. Sci. 108, 4986 (2009).
3B N. Barrington and M. Black, Ch. 1 in Aerospace Materlals, B. Cantor, H. Assender, and P. Grant, eds. (Institute of
Physics, 1998).
39 Data for metallic glasses are from X. J. Gu, S. J. Poon, and G. J. Shiflet, J. Mater. Res. 22, 344 (2007); D.
Hofmann, J. -Y. Suh, A. Wiest, G. Duan, M.L. Lind, M. D. Demetriou, and W. L. Johnson, Nature 451, 1085 (2008);
M. F. Ashby and A. L. Greer, Scripta Mater, 54, 321 (2006); D. C. Hofmann, J,Y. Suh, A. Wiest, M.L. Lind, M. D.
Demetriou, and W. L. Johnson, Proc. Nat. Acad. Sci. 105, 20136 (2008); J. J. Lewandowski, W. H. Wang, and A. L.
Greer, Phil. Mag. Lett. 85, 77 (2005). Data for other materials are from Cambridge Materials Selector,
<http://www.grantadesign.com/s.
23
UNCLASSIFIED /7TOR OFTTI
CIAL USt ONLY

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 74, "chars": 865, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED /TOR OFFI
BIAL USE ONLY
40 M. D. Demetriou, C. Veazey, J. 5. Harmon, J. P. Schramm, and W. L. Johnson, Phys. Rev. Lett. 101, 145702
12C. Vermeeren, ed. Around Glare: A New Aircraft Material in Context (Kluwer, 2002),
42 D. V. Louzquine-Luzgin, D. B. Miracle, and A. Inoue, Adv. Eng. Mater. 10, 1008 (2008).
43 A. L. Greer, Materials Today 12(1-2), 14 (2009).
44 D. V. Louzguine-Luzgin, D. B. Miracle, and A. Inoue, Adv. Eng. Mater, 10, 1008 (2008).
15 Y. Li, Q. Guo, 1. A. Kalb, and C. V. Thompson, Science 322, 1816 (2008).
46 Y. Li, Q. Guo, J. A. Kalb, and C. V. Thompson, Science 322, 1816 (2008).
47 T. Tamura, K. Amiya, R. S. Rachmat, Y. Mizutani, and K. Miwa, Nature Mater. 4, 289 (2005).
18 G. Kumar, H. X. Tang, and J. Schroers, Nature 457, B68 (2009).
49 A. L. Greer, Materials Today 12(1-2), 14 (2009).
24
UNCLASSIFIED FIFOR OFFICIALUSE ONLY
