{"created_utc": "2026-10-03T23:12:50Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 27131278, "source_ctime_ns": 1788303133773123827, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/miscellaneous.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785548046110000000, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/miscellaneous.pdf", "source_sha256": "9fcde7d827a23baf4eca60c8f21fa8f219650feb50d9fed81bf5caac3912b200"}

Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFr eedom ofInfor
                                                 mationAct(
                                                          FOIA)
      documentc l
                eari
                   nghouseinthewor ld.Theres earcheff
                                                    ort
                                                      sherear
                                                            e
          responsi
                 blefort
                       hedec l
                             assif
                                 icati
                                     onofMI LLIONSofpages
                r
                eleasedbytheU. S.Gov ernment&Mi  l
                                                 it
                                                  ary
                                                    .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
             1987 .A1ASKA PRSA AURORA AWARD CATEQ>RY #8, "OO'HER"
                                   SUtltARI
I.     OBJECTIVE:
      The objective of this public affairs campaign was to;
1.    Locate all the factual information available about the incident and
      make it available to the public.
2.    Reduce and eliminate rumors, speculation, and false statements by
      employees and persons not involved or knowledgeable.
3.    Respond to the public inquiry in such a manner that the agency
      integrity, dignity, and respect is maintained by both employees
      (morale, etc.) and non-employees.
4.    Respond in a timely manner with all material and explanations to
      preclude a "cover-up" accusation.
5.    Create and provide interpretative material about complicated
      technical aspects so subject can be easily understood and reported.
6.    Comply with all legal aspects of the United States Freedom of
      Information Act.
7.    Maintain the dignity and integrity of the Japan Airlines flight
      crew.
8.    Obtain agency policy and recorrmendations for release in a timely
      manner.
9.    Release all material simultaneously to media sources and public on
      a national and international basis so none have a "scoop story"
      advantage over another.
II.     PL.ANNING:

     Initial plans called for documenting and retaining the evidence,
investigating the incident, and waiting to see if there was any media
interest . Announcing the incident in any way was avoided as this would
place the integrity of the agency and the flight crew in question by
appearing to "grandstand".
     There was an initial response period to the media and public in
which significant additional material about the agency's role in the
incident was uncovered. This occurred on a daily piecemeal fashion as
additional investigation of agency staff revealed information not
previously considered relevant.
     Upon the advice of the Public Affairs Office the release of
information was intentionally shut off until all available data could
be collected, reviewed, analyzed, described, conclusions reached, and
r eleased at one time thereby eliminating the increasing appearance that
the agency was either incompetent or did not consider the incident as
ser ious.
     National and international media and public interest was both un-
anticipated and intense. Many requests filed under the Freedom of
Infonnation Act (FOIA) were received as a result of the publicity. The
agency , by law, 11J.Jst respond to these requests in 10 working days. The
following plan, approved by the Director, was set forth January 5,
1987 by the Public Affairs Office.
- 2-, 1987 Alaska PRSA Aurora Award Category #8, PTS
1.   A specific date would be chosen to release all the data.
2.   Staff assignments would be made to a variety of specialists to
     complete the research and assist the Public Affairs Office as
     needed.
3. All known material/infonnation would be collected, analyzed,
     arranged in logical order, and agency conclusions completed for
     release on March 5, 1987.
4. Additional materials, under the guidance of the Public Affairs
     Office, would be created as needed to help explain the basic data
     (See item 7, section VII).
5. A list of all available known infonnation, with a description,
     length, and cost to obtain would be prepared by the Public Affairs
     Office for response to the hundreds of written inquiries. This
     would allow the public to pick and choose the items that want based
     on subject and cost. (Items totalling under $5.00 were sent free.
     The entire package cost $193.80.)
6. A press conference, (March 5, 1987, 10:00 am) with one week prior
     notice to all interested news media, would be held to release all
     the material. The 10:00 am time was chosen to fit the regular work
     schedule of the ABC, CBS, NBC, film crews (no overtime needed), and
     provide competing daily newspapers with infonnation prior to press
     deadlines. Thursday was chosen specifically to fit the deadlines of
     the East-coast news market.
7. A complete free package of all material would be provided to any
     bona-fide news media inquiry, along with an index to item3 of
     special interest, to preclude any "cover-up".
8. All questions would be answered at the press conference.
9. All agency effort, investigation, materials, conclusions, etc.,
     would be completed and released at the press conference.
10 . Material delivery requested by media and public via DHL, Federal
     Express, or other personal pickup, would be sent out the day or
     night before the press conference, depending on the distance of
     travel, so that all materials would arrive at the destination at
     approximately 10:00 am of March 5, 1987.
11 . All inquires for information would be promptly filled.
12 . Radio interviews, talk shows, telephone and personal interviews
     regarding the incident would be done by the Public Affairs Officer
     only. There is no other authorized release of information without
     the consent of the Public Affairs Office.
13 . A complete package of the written materials will be collected and
     deposited with a Government publishing house (NI'IS) for future
     public access at a nominal cost, thereby relieving the agency of
     future response.
-3-, 1987 Alaska PRSA Aurora Award Category #8, PTS

III.   EXEClTI!ON:
The above plan was executed. Major events by date follow.
(1986)
Nov. 17: Incident occurs, crew met at airport, interviewed, voice and
          radar tapes retrieved and stored, material held, controllers
          interviewed.
Dec. 24: Kyodo News Service correspondent visits, additional research
          started, interview provided.
Dec. 29: UPI-Alaska Bureau chief calls, visits, interviews, release.
          Followed by intense media interest (see items #8,9, Section
          VII).
(1987)
Jan. 04: In response to public interest the agency decides to re-
          interview flight crew, review data tapes, and obtain
          Washington D.C. and technical specialists reviews.
Jan. 05: Agency decision to cease releasing any new information until
          all material is collected and reviewed.
          Interim letters sent to FOIA requests informing them that
          material is being collected for response to their inquiry.
Jan. 08: Unauthorized interview with controller reveals their opinion
          and the fact that more than one controller was involved adding
          misinformation and creating impression of possible agency
          cover-up. Quick response by agency and Public Affairs Office
          shuts down unauthorized interviews. (Difficult to due in a
          Government agency where there is no f onnal repprimand for
          talking to media.)
          Continued to respond to numerous national and international
          media calls. Hundreds of mail inquires.
Feb. 21: All basic known materials collected. Order fonn created and
          sent to all media and public inquiries.
          The February 21 date was selected by backing up from the March
          5, news release date, so that all FOIA requests for
          information based on the order form could be legally completed
          March 5th. (10 working days).
Feb. 25: All previously recorded news media sources (See item #8,
          Section VII) were notified by telephone of press conference
          set for March 5.
Mar. 01: Additional materials created by Public Affairs Office to
          assist in explaining complicated portion of data completed
          (See item #7, Section VII). New data sought after review by
          Public Affairs Office in anticipation of media questions.
Mar. 04: Preparation for press conference complete; visual aids,
          materials, special media index, ready. Agency conclusions
          complete.
Mar . 05: Press conference held. (Agenda: Handout material, allowed 20
          minutes f or r eporters to study and r eview-aided by index and
          tabs, briefing, highlights, and question/answers.)
-4-, 1987 Alaska PRSA Aurora Awards Category #8, PTS

IV.      RESULTS:
1.     The public was provided with all materials at a nominal cost.
2.     The media was provided with all materials and questions answered.
3.     News media interest died 24 hours after the press conference, as
       desired and predicted.
4.     All materials saved for archive purposes.
5.     The agency revealed all, answered all, and maintained integrity
       between extremes of "believers" on one side and "De-bunkers" on the
       other (Walked-the-line).
6.     The integrity of the flight crew and the airline was maintained.
7.     Charges for materials were extremely low, (less than cost) as
       dictated by the FOIA.
            491 orders filled as of August 14, 1987 *
        $13,308 in funds collected
             28 requests forwarded to NTIS
                Almost a thousand order forms sent out.
                  (* Persons seeking information had to request the
                  material twice. Once to get the order form, and again
                  with the form and payment to get the material. This was
                  intentional.)
VI.      RF..SQURCF.S AVAII,ABl.E:

    The Public Affairs Staff of 3 people continued to perform all their
regular duties while responding to the overwhelming media and public
requests for information, with no additional compensated overtime. All
three employees (one works a 32 hour week) received "Outstanding
Perfonnance Awards" from their supervisors for the past year.

VII.      HATERIAIS:

1. Complete investigative file (listing of items in package).
2. Memo to Director regarding a plan.
3. Order form for materials.
4. News Releases
5. Notice of Press Conference
6. Additional materials to clarify data
7. Press inquiries, contacts
8. News clippings
9.Photos created for media and public.
10.Press Conference
11.Video of news broadcasts and press conference
            U.S.Department
                                                         Memorand.um
            of Transportation
            Federal Aviation
            Ad minis~


Subject :
             JAL /11628, UFO                                      Date:
                                                                             January 5, 1987

             Paul Steucke, AAL-5
             Public Affairs Officer                            Reply to
                                                               Attn . of :
  From :


             Director, AAL-1
     To:

             Attached for your review is a Public Affairs plan of action for an
             organized release of information regarding the sighting of unidentified
             air traffic by the crew of Japan Airlines flight 1628, on November 17,
             1986.
             Three specific problems have created the need for this plan of action.
             (1) The public and media interest in this subject is far greater than
             anticipated and requires an organized response that will not
             inadvertently embarrass the agency, (2) the agency it appears does not
             have all the data in one location for review, and (3) we have not been
             able to derive any conclusions that will allow us to conclude this
             investigation.
             We have nothing to hide, yet we must be very careful to release even
             the most boring of data, or we will be criticized of "covering-up" via
             "the Government".
             I suggest we cease releasing infonnation at this time, set a reasonable
             date for a press conference, publicize that date, and proceed according
             to the attached plan.
             I am available at your convenience to discuss this further.         Your
             concurrence is needed before I can proceed.

             Paul Steucke
                           PUBLIC AFFAIRS Pl.AN
              FOR REI.EASE OF INFORMATION RE JAL 1628 UFO
                            JANUARY 5, 1987


1.   A specific date should be chosen to release all the data. Suggest
     10 :00 am March 5, 1987.
2 . Staff assignments should be made to a variety of specialists to
     complete the research and assist the Public Affairs Office as
     needed.
3. All known material/information should be collected, analyzed,
     arranged in logical order, and agency conclusions completed for
     release on March 5, 1987.
4. Additional materials, under the guidance of the Public Affairs
     Office, can be created as needed to help explain the basic data
5. A list of all available known information, with a description,
     length, and cost to obtain should be prepared by the Public Affairs
     Office for response to written inquiries. This would allow the
     public to pick and choose the items that want based on subject and
     cost.
6. A press conference, (March 5, 1987, 10:00 am) with one week prior
     notice to all interested news media, should be held to release all
     the material. The 10:00 am time has been chosen to fit the regular
     work schedule of the ABC, CBS, NBC, film crews (no overtime
     needed), and provide competing daily newspapers with information
     prior to press deadlines. Thursday was chosen specifically to fit
     the deadlines of the East-coast news market.
7 . A complete free package of all material should be provided to any
     bona-fide news media inquiry, along with an index to items of
     special interest, to preclude any "cover-up".
8. All questions should be answered at the press conference.
9. All agency effort, investigation, materials, conclusions, etc.,
     should be completed and released at the press conference.
10 . Material delivery requested by media and public via OHL, Federal
     Express, or other personal pickup, should be sent out the day or
     night before the press conference, depending on the distance of
     travel , so that all materials will arrive at the destination at
     approximately 10:00 am of March 5, 1987.
11 . All inquires for information should be promptly filled.
12. Radio interviews, talk shows, telephone and personal interviews
     regarding the incident should be done by the Public Affairs Officer
     only. There is no other authorized release of information without
     the consent of the Public Affairs Office.
13 . A complete package of the written materials will be collected and
     deposited with a Government publishing house (NTIS) for future
     public access at a nominal cost, thereby relieving the agency of
     future response .
                                                                                                                                        National
                                                                                                                                          UFO
                                                                                                <!-       S LF ADHESIVE LABFL--t;> REPORT0~~ 1 CENTER

                                                                                                                                   1-206-722-3000
                                                                                                                                Manned 24-hours Every Day

                                                                                                                     PRIVATE NON-PROFIT CITIZEN GROUP


                  UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
                                                                                                           /         (Publish UFO Newsletter)


                                              NATIONAL
                       UFO REPORTING CENTER
                                         '-206-722-3000


                                           SPONSORED BY
                           PHENOMENA RESEARCH
             P .O . Box 1807, SEATTLE. WASHINGTON 98111


       National Aeronautics and
       Space Administration                                              Nl\SI\                                NASA Scientist who tracks and maintains
       Ames Research Center                                                                                    file of more than 3,000 UFO sighting
       Moffett Field, CA 94035                                                                                 by pilots in past 20 years. Hobby, not
       Mail Stop 239-3                                                                                         a part of his job or NASA employment.
       (41 5) 694-5719
       (FTSl 464-5719
       Richard F. Haines, Ph.D.
       Chief, Space Human Factors Office
       Aerospace Human Factors Research Division


                                         MU FON
                       MUTUAL UFO NETWORK, INC                                                                 Private international organization
                                                                                                               founded May 31, 1969. Non-profit, sponsor
                  (Walter Andrus,Jr. Int. Director)
                                                                                                               of numerous international UFO symposiums.
                                                                                                               Publish,,a 20 page monthly magazine.
                  103 Oldtowne Road, Seguin, TX
                           78155-4099 USA
                  (512) 379-9216

v

· ~,-                                                                                                          UFO Magazine, Profit, Monthly.


                        Ll,-11
                            LI                                               V1ck1 Coooer
                                                                             Edi tor

                        (213) 2 73 -9409                         :, ;h .'~ 1 '
         t   '.   ~~    '-{.') ff• / '    )(,Ip   , ' ,i      .' •   I   '   '   .)    j   l(   i}S l ,
      t>fw: r~Do s. R~t>t                                  lrJ.s-S           LA       cA   q~o3s
I..
                  P H E N 0 ME N A   RE S E ARCH          R E P 0 R T


   Vol.   3   No . 6          Robert J. Gribble, Editor                 Issue No.   3o

   A NIGHT FLIGHT TO REMEMBER--A full moon shown in the Arctic sky as Captain
   Kenju Terauchi to ok off fr om Iceland November 17, 1986, in a Japan Air Lines
   cargo jet loaded with French Beaujolai s wine. He was bound for Anchorage,
   Alaska on a rout e acroe s Greenland to Eismere Island, Canada, over the
   Beaufort Sea, then into Alaeka air space above Fort Yukon. For the first
   two and a half hours, the flight--crewed by Terauchi, co-pilot Takanori
   Tamefu ji and engineer Yo shio Tsukuda--was uneventful. The mky was clear and
   the winds--except for aome light gust! over Greenland--were calm. Then
   Terauchi's jet cruised into Alaska, and he first saw the two belts of light.
   They were an estimated three miles ahead of the plane, slightly to the left
   of the pilots cockpit seat, and 2000 feet lower than the plane. They
   emitted a steady amber glow. They hovered almost stationary, ehifted from
   side-to-side, then pulsed across the sky in abrupt bursts of speed. The
   objects, Terauchi believes "were not made by human kind. They were of a
   very high technology and intelligence. 11
     The events recounted by Terauchi in the 50 minutes after that first sighting
    of lights are some of the most bizarre in Alaska aviation history. Since
    first becoming publi c in late December, 1986, the reports have transformed
    this sort-spoken, 47-year-old, Anchorage-based pilot into an international
   celebrity, interviewed by People magazine, Tokyo television and more than a
   dozen other national and international publications. Terauchi has an
  impre8sive list of professional credentials to lend weight to his rather
  incredibl e tale. He has 29 years flying experience. Until November,
 Terauchi says, he never believed in UFOs. Now he does.       He is convinced
 thst the lights he ssw in November were spaceships of some unknown, extra-
terrestrial origin.     In interview after interview, he methodically makes his
case, charting the events of the sighting on flight maps of the Arctic sky.
Teraucb.i's encounter began ~ith his sighting of the two belte of amber
ligb.tg. To check them out, he radioed Anchorage air traffic controllers.
 The controllers re~lied that no militar~ or civilian flights were in the
 vicinit~.    The two belts of light continued to dance in front of the plane.
  Terauchi grabbed for his camera, but realized that taking a picture would be
  futile because there was not enough light to expose the film properly. Five
  minutes later after the lights first appeared in front of the plane, they
   suddenl~ moved farther out ahead of the plane, he said.   He could then make
   out the ehapes of the crafts--cylinders wrapped in lateral lines of light
   that extended from a darker center. The lines appeared to be exhaust
   outlets, and they alternately pulsated light from the two sides of the
   cylinder. They appeared to be controlled by computers, he said. As the two
    objects reversed direction, the exhaust lights appeared to flare brighter.
   Co-pilot Tamefuji, in a separate interview, also reported seeing the two
   strange lights. "I saw several lights in front of us, and then I couldn't
   see them, and the captain told me they were on the left-hand side," he said.
   After about 15 minutes, the first two lights disappeared, Terauchi said.
   Then, on his left, he saw a big band of glowing white light, similar to the
   light emitted by fluorescent bulb. He turned on his weather radar and tuned
   it to a 20-mile re.dius. At eight miles, on the left side of the screen, the
   radar showed a tiny ball. Terauchi radioed the FAA flight control center in
   Anchorage. Three controllers monitoring radar saw what they thought was an
   object at about the same reference point on their monitor, according to Sam
   Rich, an air traffic controller, and Paul Steucke, an FAA spokesman.
   Steucke, however, said subse quent examination of the radar tape showed the
   object to be a split-image of the JAL plane. Rich said none of the
   controllers, at the time, thought that was the case.
  As the plane flew over Fairbanks, the lights of the city gave Terauchi a
  better view of the new object. He says the band of light circled a huge
  walnut-shaped object that appeared to be twice the size of an aircraft
  carrier. As the lights of the city faded, Terauchi again could see only the
  white band of light. To try to lose the object, he got permi1aion from a
  controller to descend from 35,000 to 31,500 feet. The object descended "in
  formation," he said. Then Terauchi, after consulting with the controllers,
  made two 45-degree turns to the right. The object remained i n view. As the
  JAL plane flew past Mount McKinley, controllers asked a Fairbanks-bound
  Unit ed Ai r l ines flight to try to confirm the sighting. The United plane
  veer ed oft to follo w the JAL flight path at a lower altitude. Just before
  the two plane s p as s ed one another, the white ligh t dis appeared. "It was like
  a dream. Unbelivable," aaid Terauchi. Terau chi po s tul a tes that whatever he
  saw was friendly. "I can't understand the technology, but it was not
  dangerous. It was completely controlled . " If he sees the objects again,
  he's ready to try communicating. Perhaps four bl inks of the wing lights,
  then two more. In Morse Code, he says , t hat ' s "HI. "

   CONTROLLER SAYS UNKNOWN IMAGE WAS TRACKED ON RADAR--Three air traffic
   control lers tracked on radar an i mage that seemed to be following the
   November 17th fli ght of a Japanese Air Lines cargo plane, according to one of
   the controllers who helped monitor the radar. The captain of the JAL plane
   reported that an unidentified flyin§ object was tailing his aircraft at the
   same location as the radar image.      All three of us thought there was a
   track," said Sam Rich, a con troller who has worked for the Federal Aviation
   Administration for more than a decade. A track is what air traffic .
   controllers call t h e r adar image of an aircraft. Rich said he was on duty
   for the half-hour duri ng which the JAL plane reported apotting the UFO. Rich
   aaid the -pilot s ounded shaken. "He was concerned. There was a quiver in his
  voice." Rich s ai d the controllers immediately turned down their radar range
  to small-scale that would better define the air apace around the JAL plane.
  "There did appear to be a track near the plane about where he (the pilot) said
  there waa. So we kept looking." The track was not real a trong, Rich said,
  but neither h e nor any of his colleagues then thought it might be a split
  image.
 After spo tti ng the track, Rich said he called the Military Regional
 Operation• Control Center. "They informed me that they had the same track.
 Another controller told the pilot to make a aeries of turn• and a descent in
 an effort to shake the UFO. Finally, as the plane headed 1outh from
 Fairbanks, the controllers lost track of the UFO. The FAA launched a major
 review of the radar tapes and concluded that the track wa1 a split or double-
 image of the JAL plane. Rich confirmed that double images often occur on the
 FAA radar s creen, which relies on the computer-generated data. But the plane
 didn't f l y through the areas where the split images normally occur.       The JAL
 pilot isn ' t the first pilot to report strange things in that northern
  corridor. Du.ring the past decade, there's been about a half dozen reports of
  unidenti£ied l i ght s from civilian ~nd military p ilo ta ~ ~It's pretty real to
 them ( the pilots), w Rich said.

 AVI ATI ON WRITER SAYS ALASKA UFO PROBABLY PLANET JUPITER--The three-man crew
of t h e JAL airliner who observed a huge UFO over Alaska on November 17, 1986,
probably observed nothing more than the planet Jupiter, according to Phillip
Klass , an aviation writer. According to Klass--who was described as an
"exper t " and "professional investigator"--the very bright planet was only 10
degrees a bove the horizon making it appear to the pilot to be at roughly his
own a l ti tude of 35,000 feet. (EDITORS NOTE: According to the astronomy
departmen t at the University of Washington, Seattle, the planet Jupiter was
20- degre es above the southern horizon, not 10-degrees. One would have to be
very desperate to explain away this UFO incident with the explanation that
the crew observed the planet Jupiter. To the crew, Jupiter would appear as
a dis t ant white light, not ae a walnut-shaped object the size of two
aircraft c arr i ers.)

EX-PROFESSOR THEORIZES ALIEN BEINGS--Aliens from distant worlds may be
watching Earth and making unofficial contacts with selected humans, says a
recentl:1 r e t ired scientist at Or·egon St ate Universit-y. His theory is that
advanced space beings ma-y have adopted an embargo on official contact with
 earthlings, wi shing to avoid the chao s t hat could sweep the planet if their
 presence were suddenly revealed. Instead, the-y have adopted a "leaky
 embargo" pol i cy t hat allows contact only with citizens whose stories are
 unlikely to be credi ble to s cientists and the government, said the scientist
 James w. Deardor ff , $8, profe s sor emeritus of atmospheric sciences. "They
  just want to let u s know who are prepared to accept it in their minds that
  there are other beings," Deardorff said. "Th ey may want to slowly prepare us
  for the shock that could come later when they reveal themselves." Deardorff
  who retired in Sept ember , 1986, ba s been de s cribed by colleagues as one of
  the moat illustrious members of OSUs a t mospheric sciences department. His
  research on atmospheric turbulence and boundary-l ayer e.ffe_c t a earned him the
  fi eld' s highest honors, including t he 1978 Rossby gold medal of the American
  Me t eorological Society. Yet t he lure of extrat er res trial mysteries

                                         (2)
     unexamined by the scientific establishment was to strong to resist. Last
     f a ll Deardorf f t ook an early retirement and began devoting all his energy to
     the question . "He bas a worldwide research reputation. We were very sorry
     to lose h i m,n said w. Lawrence Gates, chairman of the atmospheric sciences
     departmen t . " It was a complete surprise to most of us. I tried several
     times to pursuade him to stay.fl In 1985 Deardorff added the flleaky embargott
      theory to the scientific literature on extraterrestrials, publishing it in
      the Quar terly Journal of the Royal Astronomical Society. The theory assumes
      t h e presence of alien beings, an assumption Deardorff says he is inclined to
      ma ke . First of all, he says in his literature, there may be between 100,000
      and 10 million independently evolved advanced societies on planets in the
      Milky Way galaxy alone. Deardorff contends it is probable that one or more
      of these advanced alien societies has traveled to Earth, and he says it's
      even possible the planet is at any moment under observation by a number of
      different alien emissaries.
       Deardorff said he is inclined to accept the view of UFO experts that 10
       percent to 20 percent of UFO sightings cannot be explained using terrestrial
       explanations alone. "If they are physically around, using technology that
       is tens of thousands of years in advance of ours, it would appear to be magic
       to us," he said. Deardorff says the social shock of confronting
       extraterrestrials could be avoided as long as the widespread disbelief among
       governments and scientists was not jeopardized. "Awareness of what was taking
       place would then proceed very gradually, no faster that humankind in general
      was inherently prepared to accept the extraterrestrial messages!" Dea:dorff
      wrote in his 1985 paper. In his own department, Deardorff received mixe~
      reactions when i t became clear he was heavily involved in research on alien
      beings. "There were some who preferred not to talk about it at all, but
     maybe three-t'ourths of the department were very interested," he said. "Only
     one or two believed it was a totally silly waste of time." Despite the
    raised eyebrows, Deardorff' is firm in his resolve to continue his enquiry.
    The field cries out for serious treatment by reputable scientists, he says,
   and i t could lead to the greatest discovery of all.     "The likelihood there's
   something there is very high. Look at it this way: What are the odds that
  s.11 this could be s. hos.z?" he said.   "Why should we leave this up to science
 f i ction writers?       It's time that the scientists got involved in this."
                                 . ;.   ,

~k~k ~\IBL1..Sn:E.S S~'IE.LL1.~'E.' ~ S"lGliT1.'NG~--'fne   National Aeronautics and Space
 ~~~n.istration. Eis ~ub'tishea results of a satellite's survey of the solar
 ~~stem., but i t ~ill ta~e scientists ~ears to know ho~ many of the objects it
  aigb.ted ~ere ~reviousl~ unkno-wn asteroids or comets. The catalog--published
  on com~uter tape--lists 3S,bi8 unidentified objects sighted by the satellite
   ~hi. en photographed 9b percent of the sky during its i983 mission.


    AUSTRALIA'S GREATEST AVIATION MYSTERY REMAINS UNSOLVED--On October 21,1978,
    a mystery sound interrupted transmission between pilot Frederick Valentich
    and Melbourne Flight Service which has never been explained, or identified.
    Prior to the mystery sound, pilot Valentich had been reporting the approach
     and description of an unidentified flying object similar to those reported
     from all over the world by people from all walks of life. Eight years after
     that fatal Saturday evening, no trace has ever been found of either the pilot
     or his blue and white Cessna aircraft. Frederick Valentich was not the only
     person who reported UFOs over and near Bass Strait {between Melbourne and
     Tasmania) that day and night. Investigators have found more than 50 reported
     observers from that area before, during and after his encounter. The period
     of UFO activity around Bass Strait bad been building up for more than six
     weeks prior to that famous encounter • . The activity reached a peak the
     weekend the pilot and his aircraft disappeared.

     TOP U.S. SENATOR SAW TWO UFOs--one of the most powerful U.S. Senators in
     modern history actually eyewitnessed two UFOs while on a fact finding trip
     through Russia in 1955--and the U.S. government has kept the sightings a
     secret for more than three decades. The incredible encounter is detailed in
     12 top secret CIA, FBI, and U.S . Air Force reports which have been obtained
     by Phenomena Research. Those startling reports reveal that Senator Richard
     B. Russell, Jr . (D•Ga .)--then chairman of the Armed Services Committee--was
     on a Soviet train when he spotted a disc-shaped craft taking off near the
     tracks. He hurriedly called his military aide and interpreter to the window
     --and they saw the disc plus another one that appeared a minute later. The
     as ton ish ed trio reported the sightings to the u.s. Air Force as soon as they
     wer e out or Russia. "The three observers were firmly convinced that they

                                                       (3)
     saw a genuine UFO," says an Air For ce Int elligence report dated Octo ber 14,
    1955, and classified Top Secre t a t the t i me .
   Senator Russell served 38 years in the Senate. He was its s eni or member and
   one of the most influential s enators at the time of his death in 1971. He
   was chairman of the Armed Services Committee from 1951 to 1969, and
   unsuccessfully sought the Democratic Presidential nomina tion in 1952. The
   docwnents detailing his UFO encounter were made available to Phenomena
   Research by the Fund for UFO Research and its chairman, U.S. Na vy physici s t
   Dr. Bruce Maccabee. The documents were obtain ed by the group through the
   Freedom of Info rmat ion Act. "These long-secret documents are of major
   i mportance becaus e they show for the first time t ha t one of the most
   powerful U. S. Senators witnessed and reported a UFO," s aid Dr. Maccabee.
   " This cas e i s also unique because t h e CI A took the s ighti ng seriously."
   The Air Force Intelligence r eport s ay s Rus s ell and his two traveling
   companions spotted the UFO s on October 4, 1955, while traveling by rail
   a cros s Russia's Trana-Caucasi an region. "One disc ascended almost vertically
   at a relatively s low speed, with its outer s urfa ce revolving slowly to the
  ri ght , t o an altitude of a bout 6000 f eet where its speed then increased
   shar ply as i t headed n orth ," the report states. "The second flying disc was
  seen performing t he s ame actions about one minute later. The take-off area
  was about 1-2 mile s sou th of the rail line ••• " Russell "saw the first disc
  a scend and pass over the train" and went "rushing in to get Mr. Efron
   (Ruben Efron, his i nterpreter) and Col. Hathaway (E.U. Hathaway, his aide)
  t o see it," t he report s aid. "Col. Hathaway stated that he got only a short
  glimpse of the fir st. However, all three saw the second disc and all agreed
  t ha t they saw t he s ame round ••• disc-shaped object ••• as the first."
  The Air Force r eport wa s written by Lt. Col. Thomas Ryan, who interviewed
  Senator Russe l l's companions in Prague, Czechoslovakia, on October 13 after
  they arrived t here from Russia shortly after the sighting. In his report,
  Col. Ryan cal led t he s ightings " an eyewitness account of the ascent and
  flight of an unconventional aircraft ••• by three highly reliable United States
  observers." He added that Col. Hathaway led off his account of the sightings
  by sa-ying: "I doubt if your going to believe this, but we all saw it. Senator
   Russell wa s the first to see this flying object ••• we've been told for years
   that there isn , t such a thing but all of us saw it ••• " CIA documents show
   that the agency l ater interviewed t he t hr ee eyswitne.s ses in the Russell p arty
   --and sls o a fourth person, unidentified in the reports, who had seen the
  UFOs.   An eye-witness--whose name was blacked out on the CIA report prior to
 its dec l s. s sit"ication--said one oi' the UFOs "had s slight dome on top." The
 edge oi' t h e disc was glowing pinkish-white, be added.
The UFO r o s e "vertically" with the glow moving slowly around the perimeter
in a cl ockwi se direction, giving the appearance of a pinwheel.      Interpreter
Ruben Et'r on t old the CIA tha t vis i bility was excellent. As one UFO
approached the train, he said, "the object gave the impression of gliding.
No noise wa s heard and no exhaust glow or trail was seen by me." After the
enc ounter, Sena tor Russell told the men with him: ''We saw a flying disc. I
wanted you boys to see it so that I would have witnesses," according to the
CIA document s . And an FBI memo dated November 4, 1955, also discusses the
sighting--and admitted Col. Hathaway's testimony "would support existence of
a flying disc ••• " Dr. Maccabee of the Fund For UFO Research believes
Senator Russ ell and his group never publicly revealed their incredible
sightings " becau se they were no doubt advised not to talk.      These documents
provide star tling n ew evidence that UFOs exist."

                                                                                                PILOT SIGHTINGS

 10/1 2/86-- 0VER GREENSBORO NORTH CAROLINA-- : 0 PM: The pilot and co-pilot
 o an air ner wa che       n a.mazemen as a arge e ta-shaped object,
 accompanied by s everal small objects, f lew under their plane at a very high
 rate of spe ed on the co-pilots side. The distance between the aircraft and
 the objects was l e ss than 1500 feet. The objects were not picked up on
 r adar.
                                               A bright silver oscillating sphere                                         PM:
  .:.w.:..a..;;.s.;...;;;o~s-e..;;r.;.;;v;;.;;e~~'Y~;;;,,;;.;;;.;e;;.p
                                                                     ,;;;.;po1-
                                                                             o~;;.;:
                                                                   The sphere •   o:.;w,;;;;:.;a:......,;;e;..;:s;..;:s"'n~a-=-:;.:8   5 flying southbound.
  est imated to be 16 feet in di ame ter, flashed past the plane on the left side
  at a distance of 250 feet and a t a speed of about Soo knots. Both object
  and aircraft were at an al t itude of 4000 feet.

                                                                                                                           (4 )
          1/27/8 --THREE MILES NORTH OF RIVERSIDE CALIFORNIA-- :       PM: The pilot of
          a essna        , e s c en ng rom O, 00 eet o served a torpedo-shaped object
          about t he si ze of his plane flash by on his left s ide at a distance of
          about .300 f e et . The entire instrument panel went "flakey." A passenger
          a lso saw the object.
          Januar    198 --NEAR MINSK                               The crew and passengers
          o   an Aero ot Sov e a r ner o s erve a arge glowing object which
          suddenly dire c ted a bri ght ray of light t o t he ground. All four crew
          members report ed tha t t hey could see distinc tly everything on the ground
          illuminated by the cone of l i ght--the houses and the roads . Suddenly the
          cone of light fo cused on the a irliner . Then the object moved toward the
          plane at a high rate of speed and posi t ioned itself beside the aircraft at
          an altitude of 33,000 feet and accompanied it for the rest of the flight.
                                                       AM: A "strange looking object, 11
                                                                                   ..............-................................
          ;;;i:;.:..~;.;...;;.-......;;;-.,;;~------..;;;.o.;;;;;.;..;;-.-....-,;;.~
                                            an   a   t   t size wide, approached a       a
          small a ircraft at high speed. The pilot of the plane turned slightly left
          to avoid the object which passed on the right side. Then the pilot turned
          right t o follow the object. As the object came back into view it was
          approaching the plane again, circled the plane twice, then moved north and
          out of sight.
         /17/82--MEDITERRANEAN SEA
       at 200 meters shoo vio ent
       s tre ak ed past the airliner.
       obs erved the object.
     18/82--SIXTY MILES SOUTHWEST OF ALLENDALE SOUTH CAROLINA--1:
      A righ t s ver   sc--a out 0 eet n iameter and one oot        c --was
    obs erved approaching a corporate jet on collision course. Within a few
   second s the disc passed the jet on the left side and was no more tha.n 25 feet
   oft' the left wing tip at the same altitude. The aircraft was at 6$00 feet.
  The pilot had 10 years rlying experience and the two corporate passengers
  were both former air force pilots •

.....,._;:;m;.---._..,._.r-..-~;m;;.;;;--....-;.;.p.;m;;.;;;;....;;.;;.....;;;.p.;;.-.;.;~-..p;.;;;;;.;;--..-..p.o;.;.;---.,.-........~.....-~.......-AM
                                                                                                                                                    ~:      A private
                            years                                                                                   a                            o       t'ire moving
i n a high speed "Tertical climb. Th e fireball vanished from sight in a fe w
 aeccn.Qs. On ~ebru.ar~ 2,st a similar fireball was reported in the same area
  b~ ~ilota of four airliners.   It also moved straight up and out of sight.
   2 /' / ~2--FORTY KILES ~EST OF CHARLESTON ~EST VIRGINIA--10: 0 PM: The pilot
   an d six ~assengers o a Cessna          ~ing from Paduca , Kentucky to
    Ch arleston, ~est Virginia at 13,000 feet--observed a bright white light
    moving up-and-down like a yo-yo and me.king complete loops at high speed.
     The maneuvers continued for 10 minutes before the light vanished.
       10/1/81 --FOURTEEN MILES SOUTH OF SARANAC LAKE NEW YORK--7:48 PM: A Cheyenne
       aircraft flying f rom Burlington, Vermont to uti ca, New York a t 16,000 feet
       flew past a s t a tionary bright orange rectangular light which the pilot had
       obaerved for about two minutes. Another plane flying from Albany, New York
        to Saranac Lake at 7000 feet reported a similar object south of the lake at
        7: 55 PM. A DC-8 flying from Chicago to Burlington at 18,000 feet reported
        a bright amber-to-orange rectangular-shaped object with flashing lights
        while passing over Lake Placid, New York at 8:10 PM. Lake Placid is about
        eight miles east of Sarana c Lake. Four hours later a ground observer at
        Jay, New York-- about 12 mil e s northeast of Lake Placid--reported obser ving
        a rectangular-shaped object in a vertical ascent. The object stopped, then
        moved away in level flight at a high rate of speed and had many red and
        green flashing lights .

                                                                                                                                         A group of
                                                                                                                                        L-200 for more
                                                                                                                                                    Las


       6/27/81--THIRTY FIVE MILES NNW OF DUBU UE IOWA--8:              The pilot of a
       Cessna 1 1 lying rom Farm ngton, M rme s ota t o st.            Missouri at 9000
       feet obs erved a large silver disc pass about 5 00 feet above bis plane . He
       s a id the disc was movi ng so fas t t hat it was impossible to es timate speed.

          Refer All Wi t n esses to the National UFO Reporting Center --1/206/722/3000


                                                                                                       (5)
  6/18/81--FIVE MILES SOUTH OF NEW HAVEN CONNECTICUT-- : 6 PM: While flying
  eas oun a          ee    e pi o an passenger o a ama       a rcraft watched
  in amazement as an egg-shaped object--made of highly polished metal--passed
  off of their left side at a distan ce of about one-half mile at the same
  altitude. The pilot made a sharp turn to the left in a futile attempt to
  follow the object which appeared to be moving in excess of 300 knots. The
  object was estimated to be 15 to 20 feet in diameter and was visible for
  about 20 seconds.
  6/ 6/81--NEAR KANSAS CITY   MISSOURI-- :0 PM: A black object like two soup
                                           wit in a wings length of a small
                                Estimated to be about three feet in diameter
                                   plane, the object was headed due east and

   /21/81--1 0 MILES SOUTHWEST OF DOVE CREEK COLORAD0--8:10 PM: A large
  g owing o Ject, mov ng in  e ve    ght, was o served y the three man crew
  of a United Air Lines flight traveling from Los Angeles to Denver, Colorado.
  The object moved abeam of the airliner heading southwest at an estimated
  speed of 5000 mph. An American Airlines airliner located 40 miles behind
  the United flight reported the object and said it had reversed course and
  was headi ng northeast.
  / 0/81--20 MILES SOUTHWEST OF PHILADELPHIA                            The
 pi ot o a eac        aircra t, f ying at 000 ee , reporte at      s 2 o'clock
 position what looked like a "rocket ship." The object was climbing from the
 southeast to northwest, accelerating at extremely high speed with a long
 blue flame coming out the aft end. At 11:45 PM the pilot and first officer
 of a Flying Tiger airliner--flying 100 miles northwest of Sparta, Penn., at
 37,000 feet and inbound to Kennedy International Airport--observed a bullet-
 she.ped object moving at about 1200 miles per hour. At the same time a United
 Air Lines DC-8 located 100 miles west of Sparta reported seeing a long
 glowing object streaking across the sky. The object was not tracked on
 radar.
   ii/ /80--NEAR OZONA TEXAS--6: 0 PM: A small aircraft had just ta.ken off and
   was a out 000          o   t e groun when the pilot spotted a glowing object
    coming rrom the direction or Sonora at a ver y high rate or speed. It ~&s
   long in shape and pointed on both ends. About six miles out of Ozona the
  object seperated into two parts and the back section moved into a position
  directly under the rront section and the two objects passed the plane. They
  were both the Sli111e intensity of light. As the pilot watched the objects
 move over Ozona their glow disappeared. Instantly the airplane engine
 stopped and its lights went out. A few seconds later the glow around the
 objects reappeared. The plane's engine started by itself and its lights
came on. Both objects then dropped to a lower altitude and moved away
toward the Mexican border. Five additional witnesses on the ground also
observed the objects. Later that same evening what could have been the same
object was observed in the middle of U.S. Highway 87, southeast of Sterling,
Texas and about 7$ miles north of Ozona. The object was on the highway and
lunged upward to avoid being hit by a car occupied by two women.
9/27/80--NEAR POMPANO BEACH, FLORIDA--3 PM:  The pilot of a small airplane
observed whit appeared to be two aircraft approaching head-on. As they
neared his plane he could make out two objects shaped like hamburger buns
which were moving side-by-side. 'When they got to within 200 feet of his
aircraft they began to circle his plane without banking. The objects were
yellow in color, about 10 feet in diameter, and remained about 200 feet
distant. The two objects circled the small airplane about 50 times in five
minutes, then broke away to the north. The ob jects were not detected by
 radar.

***********************                       ***************
Phenomena Research was founded in 1955 under another name for the purpose of
 conducting a sc ientific study of the UFO phenomenon. The volume of evidence
 and information which has been analyzed to date indicates that intelligently
 controlled, structured wingless vehicles and devices are entering Earth's
 atmosphere and that they represent highly advanced civilizations and
 technologies whose ports of origin are on other planets in other solar
 systems. Some. of the reported UFOs are someone else's spacecraft. The
 National UFO Reporting Center is manned 24-hours every day so that any
  individual or agency wishing to report a UFO may do so without fear of .
  ridicule or unwanted publicity. The Phenomena Research Report is distributed
  without charge to cooperating individuals and agencies. Our addre~a is:
  P.O. Box 1807--Seattle , WA 98111. Phenomena Research is non-profit.
                                        (6)
PHENOMENA RESEARCH
        P. o . Box 1807
  SEATTLE, WASHINGTON 98111


                                                      istration
                              Federal Aviation Addmi ~rters
                              Alaskan Region Hea qu
                              701 c Street, Box 14
                              Anchorage, AK 99513
                              ~~Mutual UFO Network, Inc.
                                                103 OLDTOWNE ROAD
                                            SEGUIN, TEXAS 78155-4099 U.S.A.
     WALTER H. ANDRUS, JR.                                                                             Telephone:
     International Director                                                                         (512) 379-9216


   The Mutual UFO Network, Inc. is an international scientific organization composed of people seriously interested
in studying and researching the phenomenon known as unidentified flying objects (UFOs) by combining their mutual
talents, areas of expertise and investigative efforts. MUFON is the acronym for the Mutual UFO Network, Inc.,
a Texas nonprofit corporation, exempt from Federal Income Tax under Section 501(c)(3) and a publicly supported
organization of the type described in Section 509(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code. MU FON firmly believes that
a concentrated scientific study by dedicated investigators and researchers will provide the ultimate answer to the
UFO enigma.
  Founded on May 31, 1969, MUFON's phenomenal success may be attributed to the "grass roots" nature of the
organization where a majority of the leadership and motivation is achieved at the local level. In North America,
a State or Provincial Director oversees the investigative activities of the Field Investigators through State Section
Directors. An International Coordinator and seven Continental Coordinators work with the Foreign Representatives
and National Directors in each country on the international scene. MUFON is Governed by a Board of Directors
composed of 17 men and women and administered by an Executive Committee.
   MUFON's Board of Consultants, most whom are PhDs or MDs representing 45 areas of science, technology,
medicine, psychiatry, psychology, theology, engineering, astronomy, communications, political science, photo
analysis, etc., are readily available as an advisory group to apply their expertise to UFO cases under study and
to conduct advanced research in their respective field.
   S tarting in 1970, MUFON has sponsored an Annual lnternationl UFO Symposium where world known scien-
tists, engineers, university professors, and authors lecture on their particular specialization or contributions to
resolving this perplexing scientific dilemma. To provide a permanent record of the presentations, the copyrighted
sympos ium proceedings are published annually for worldwide distribution .
   In order that only qualified, competent and sincere people may become involved, membership in MUFON is
by invitation only. Anyone interested in helping to resolve the UFO phenomenon is invited to join by submitting
a membership application and appropriate dues for approval. Based upon their education and experience, members
may serve in one or more of the following positions: Consultant, State or Provincial Director, State Section Direc-
tor, Foreign Representative, Field Investigator, Research Specialist, Amateur Radio Operator, Astronomy, Field
Investigator Trainee, Translator, UFO News Clipping Service, Contributing Subscriber, or Associate Member (under
18 years of age).
   Field Investigators are trained and high standards of professionalism are required by MUFON. As objective,
scientific researchers, MUFON Field Investigators uphold the confidentiality of witnesses and case information.
Investigators are volunteers who conduct research at their own expense, and attempt to document sighting infor-
mation in a thorough and unbiased manner. The third edition of the copyrighted "MUFON Field Investigator's
Manual;' published in 1983, provides effective guidelines, techniques and suggestions to members conducting UFO
sighting interviews and investigations.
  Amateur Radio Networks, operating weekly, are utilized to receive and disseminate UFO sighting reports and
current UFO information. The exact date, time, and frequencies are published in the MUFON UFO JOURNAL.
A master fil e, containing all submitted UFO sighting reports, arranged chronologically by state, province, and
country, is maintained in the MUFON administrative offices.
  A twenty-page monthly magazine, the MUFON UFO JOURNAL is our most significant means of sharing details
of UFO sighting reports and vital information related to the UFO phenomenon with our members throughout
the world. A subscription to the Journal is included in the annual membership dues of $25.00 in the U.S.A. and
$30 .00 in foreign countries in U.S. funds.
   Fo r fu rther information about joining the world's largest UFO membership organization, please write to the
address at the top of this page or contact your local MUFON representative. We invite you to join and be a part
of the solution to the greatest mystery of the space age.
ANCHORAGE Tl ttES - DATE;.,___ _ _- - : - - - - - - -


                             The Russian bear
                    AMID SOME indications        fighters have intercepted 14
                 that the United States and      Soviet planes on approaches
                 the Soviet Union may be         to the Alaska coast. Last
                 nearing an agreement on the     year, there were 34 inter- 1
                 reduction of medium-range.      cepts.
                 missiles in Europe, let's not
                 forget that Alaska still           THIS SORT of activity
                stands face-t~face with          demonstrates the high level
                powerful Russian military        of operational Soviet mili-
                forces. ·                        tary missions in our part of
                   Reminders are easy to         the world.
                come by, quite apart from           Such flights clearly are
                just a simple look at the        not isolated training mis-
                map. For those who doubt         sions, although they cer-
                the potential threat, be ad-     tainly fulfill such a function.
                vised that it was just last         Rather, it is safe to as- .
                week that the two Air Force      sume that this sort of prob-
                F-15s from King Salmon in-       ing at the defense perimiter
                tercepted and turned back        of the United States - and
                two Soviet Bear-H bombers        Alaska - represents part of
                which had flown to within        the day-to-day readiness ac-
                190 miles of Adak.               tivities by Soviet forces.
                   And it was nothing spe-          And such flights provide               . •.·   . .. .
                cial. Intercepts of the Bear-    continual proof that Amer-
                H, a flying platform from        ica cannot lower its guard.                    .. ·.;· .
                which to launch cruise mis-         The ·Russian bear is just
                siles, are not uncommon in       over the horiwn.
                the Aleutian area, Air Force        And in the sky, as well, on
                spokesmen say.                   the Alaskan frontier.
                   So far this year, Air Force


                                                                                                    .. ~
                                                                                                        \


                                                                                        .. ..
                                                                                                            .·
                                                                   . ·. ·. ·.
    . :..
                                                                                ... .
                                                      -
                                                  .
                                                      .,: ·   ..
                                     Flash seen in t he sky
               :
                   . .·· : .·        was Soviet rocket fuel
                                     By David &boup                       a prominent scientist.
                                     11mel Wrtler I                          James Oberg, a flight control-
                                                                                                                                                     ..·: .
                                       A month ago, dozens of North-      ler for Rockwell Shuttle Opera-
                                    west Alaska villagers reported        tions, on contract to the National
                                    seeing a bright flash in the· sky.    Aeronautics and Space Admin-
                                    Some · reported the flash as a        istration's Shuttle Program, said
                                    UFO.                                  Saturday the flash ~n from
                                       It wasn't.                         Elim, Gambell, Savoonga and
                                       Instead, what the villagers        several other places in .Alaska
                                    saw was the dumping of fuel           was caused by the launch t>f
                                    from the tanks of a new-genera-       Cosmos 1833. Oberg is a promi-
                                    tion Soviet rocket launched from      nent author of several books on                       •   I   ,   •


                                    Tyuratam, the Soviet central          Soviet space technology.
                                    Asian space center, according to                   See Rocket, page A-5
                                                      I                                              '·


       . .                ..


Rocket: Alaska flash came from laUnch of Soviet spy satellite
                                    can't see traces of Soviet rocket
Continued from page A-1                                                                                                                                Cartier, who saw the glowing
                                    launches because their trajecto-
                                    ries take them. too far from the        Oberg said Alaskans typically can't see                                 cloud that night, had written t:o       ~~? ~potted seve~ times a year
                                                                                                                                                    "Skeptical Inquirer," a Buffalo,        sa.     outh Amenca. In fact he
   "It (Cosmos 1833) was a bout     Alaska coast and too low in the         traces of Soviet rocket launches be-                                    N.Y., quarterly that ca rries .a rti-       •d, Australians have gro~ ac-
D> miles up when you (Alas-         sky to be detected. But this                                                                                    cles on such things as UFO s1~t­        ~ustomect to seeing fuel clouds
kans) saw it," he said in a tele-   launch was different.                   cause their trajectories take them too                                  ings, and the magazine editor           hrom American rockets, which
phone interview from his home          For one thing, he said, the                                                                                                                          t av~ , been passing near Aus-
near Houston.                       March 17 launch utilized the So-        far from the Alaska coast.                                              forwarded the letter to Oberg.
                                                                                                                                                       On . his own time, much Of            raha.s c~~tline since the 1960s.
   The villagers reported sight-    viet SL-16, a newly designed Rus-                                                                               which is devoted to investigating       b .T~is . 1sn t the first time a
ing some kind of space vehicle,     sian booster rocket which is very                                                                               Soviet . space a ttempts, Oberg         h ng t hght in th~ northern sky
described by many as a UFO
within a glowing cloud.
                                    large and has been used only a
                                    handful of times.
                                                                          from the rocket's tanks, a nor-
                                                                          mal fire-prevention procedure, it
                                                                                                               likely to see quite a few of these   discovered Cosmos 1833 had been         r~~k~n 1attributed to Russian
                                                                                                               in the future," he said.             launched from Tyuratam a t pre-           .      l)' · . n October 198.5, a So-
   ·~It was a fuel cloud," said        For another, Cosmos 1833 was
                                    pushing a Soviet spy satellite into
                                                                          was at an altitude of about 200         Oberg first heard about the       cisely the right time to create the     ~~~ misslle falling out of low
Oberg. Such clouds are created                                            miles, high enough in the sky to     mysterious flash in the sky in a     brilliant flash.                          r It created a bright white light
when rocket fuel is purged from     a higher-than-normal orbit -          be seen from Alaska.                 letter from Dave Cartier, a resi-       "It's .a pretty standard phe-        over ~outhcentral Alaska that
tanks in flight.                    a bout 600 miles up, he said. So         "With this new kind of rocket     dent of Pilot Sta tion, a Yukon      nomenon," he said, noting that          was ~idely described as a UFO
   91>erg said Alas~ typically      when the fuel was jettisoned          and higher altitudes, you' re        River village near St. Marys.        fuel cJouds f~o111 Soviet rockets       fi  ~til the U.S. Air Force identi-
                                                                                                                                                                                              e It.                 J·, _


                                '                         •
