{"created_utc": "2026-10-04T17:56:09Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 99559360, "source_ctime_ns": 1788303136727396414, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/modified-package-for-faa-managers.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785548047430000000, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/modified-package-for-faa-managers.pdf", "source_sha256": "5c71a9b0be7ffc559346247bfbefba707b1ef0299b112d02c6e0e40aed2aba91"}

Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFr eedom ofInfor
                                                 mationAct(
                                                          FOIA)
      documentc l
                eari
                   nghouseinthewor ld.Theres earcheff
                                                    ort
                                                      sherear
                                                            e
          responsi
                 blefort
                       hedec l
                             assif
                                 icati
                                     onofMI LLIONSofpages
                r
                eleasedbytheU. S.Gov ernment&Mi  l
                                                 it
                                                  ary
                                                    .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
           U.S. Department
                                                           Memorandum
           of Transportation
           Federa l Avia tion
           Administration


Subjec t   I NFORMATION                                             Date :
                                                                               March 5, 1987
           Material relative to JAL, Nov. 17, 86,
           sighting of unidentified air traffic
                                                                Reply to
  From :                                                        A ttn . of :

           PUBLIC AFFAIRS OFFICER, AAL-5

     To:
           ALL REGIONAL FACILITY MANAGERS
           REGIONAL DIVISION MANAGERS AND STAFF OFFICERS


                The attached selected information regarding the November 17, 1986,
           sighting of unidentified air traffic by the crew of JAL flight 1628, has
           been forwarded to you for you use. This is public information, no copyright,
           and you can share it with anyone else.

                 Thought you might like to read the data yourself.

           Sincerely ,

   ~---        ~ \- ~
   . ~ ' . ) ,c___ ) ~~
           Paul Steucke
           Public Affairs Officer
                                                 March 5, 1987


                          Selected Haterial
                Relative to the FAA Investi gation of
                     Japan Air Lines flight 1628
                Sighting of Unidentified Air Traffic
                        on November 17, 1986.

     CONTENTS

 1. Alaskan Region News Release #87-09, "Release of Documents ••• "
 2 . Selected Portions of (Voice) Transcriptions, Pilot/Controllers.
 3. "Uncorrelated Radar Signals", an explanation.
 4. "Lack of "Scientific" Investigation", a statement.
 5. Record (transcript) of interview with JAL Captain Terauchi.
 6. Drawings by Captain Terauchi.
 7. "Meeting the Future", statement by Captain Terauchi.
 8 . Record (transcript) of interview with JAL First Officer.
 9. Record (transcript) of interview with J AL Flight Engineer.
10 . Statements of air traffic controllers at Anchorage Center.
11. Investigator statement, Form 1600-32, Jarr.e s Derry.
12. Investigator statement, Form 1600-32, Rona ld Mickle.
13. Inspection & Surveillance Record, James Wright.
14. Other "Unidentified Air Traffic" sightings, FAA file, Alaska.


                          Prepared by
                   FAA Public Affairs Office
                             AAL-5
                        Alaskan Region
            701 C St., Box 14, Anchorage, AK, 99513


                                                                       -
U.S. Department
                                            News:
                                            Office of Public Affairs
ot Transportation                           Alaskan Region
Federal Aviation                            701 C Street. Box 14
                                            Anchorage. Alaska 995 13
Administration                              (907) 271-5296


FOR RELEASE ON                                             CONTACT: PAUL STEUCKE
MARCH 5 , 1987
#87-09
                            FM RELEASES DOCUMENTS ON
                       REPORTED UFO SIGITTING LAST OOVEMBER


   The Federal Aviation Administration today released documents relating to the
reported sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO) over Alaska by a Japan
Air Lines flight crew on November 17, 1986, saying it was unable to confirm the
event.
   The material was issued by FAA's Regional Office in Anchorage, Alaska, and
included transcripts of pilot-controller corrrnunications, interviews with
controllers and the flight crew, radar plots and other data.
   FAA's Regional Public Affairs Officer Paul Steucke pointed out that FAA
normally does not investigate UFO sightings but pursued the JAL incident in its
role as the operator of the air traffic control system. He said the agency's
objective was to determine if there was an unreported aircraft in the vicinity
of the JAL flight that could present a safety hazard.
    As part of the inquiry, Steucke said, radar data of the JAL flight track was
reviewed by FAA experts at the agency's Technical Center in Atlantic City,
N. J., using identical equipment. They determined that a second radar target
near the JAL flight at the time of the reported sighting was not another
aircraft but rather a split radar return from the JAL Boe i ng 747.
    Techn i cally, this is known as an "uncorrelated primary and beacon target
return . " It means that the primary radar signal reflected off the aircraft 1 s
surface did not correlate exactly with the pulse err.itted by the aircraft's
radar beacon transponder. This phenomenon is not unusual and gives the
i mpression of two separate radar targets.
    Steucke al so noted t hat FAA cont rollers who monitored the JAL aircraf t sai d
i n their statements that they thought t here might have been another aircraft
because of the dual radar targets. However, a northbound United Air Lines jet
t hat was diverted by controllers to intercept the JAL flight path did establi sh
vi sual contact with that aircraft but the pilots saw nothing else.
     The Nov . 17 UFO sighting was reported by JAL Captain Kenjyu Terauchi on a
cargo f light over the polar cap from Iceland to Japan via Anchorage. Captain
Te r auchi said he had visual contact from approximately the U.S.-Canadian border
to south of Fairbanks . On Jan. 11, 1987, Captain Terauchi also reported
another sight ing in the same general area as the first.
    Steucke said FAA is satisfied that the safety of the air traffic control
sy s tem was not compromi sed by the lfov . 17 incident and plans no further
investigation of the ci rcumstances .
                                   I    I      I
                                                            AAL-5, FAA
                                                      February 4, 1987


                            SELEX:TED PORI'IONS OF TRANSCRIPI'IOO
            ~             THE INCIDENI' INVOLVING JAPAN AIRLINES FLIGHr 1628
                     00 NOVEMBER 18, 1986, AT APPROXIMATELY 0218 Ul'C
                     (Universal Time Coordinated - Novent>er 17, 1986
                             Alaska Standard Time, 6:18 p.m.)

0219: 15    JL1628     Anch::lrage Center, Japan Air sixteen twenty eight; ah cb you
                       have any traffic , ah seven o'clock al:XJve?

0219 : 32   R/Dl5       Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy; negative.

0219 : 36   JL1628     Ah, Japan Air sixteen twenty eight; I'Dg'er and, ah we insight-
                       ah-~ traffic-ah, in front of us one mile, about.


0221:19     R/Dl5      Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy; Sir if your able to
                       identify the type of aircraft, ah-and see if you can tell
                       whether its military or civilian.

0221 : 35   JL1628     Ah, Japan Air sixteen twenty eight; we carux>t identify ah,
                       the type, ah but, ah we can see, ah navigation lights and ah,
                       strobe lights.

0221 : 48   R/ Dl5      RClg'er sir, say the color of the strobe and beacon lights?

0221 : 56   JL1628      The color is ah, - white and yellow, I think.

0223:37     R/Dl5       Ya, could you (ROC:C) look ah, approximately forty miles south
                        of Fort Yukon, there should be a code up there of one five-
                        five-zero. Can you tell me you see a primary target atxJut
                        his position?

0225 : 02   R/D15       Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy; I'Dg'er. Sir, I 'm
                        picking up a-ah, hit on the radar approximately five miles in
                        trail of your six o'clock position, cb you concur?

0225:12     JL1628      Ah negative, ah eleven o'clock, ah eight miles, · ah same level
                        over.
0225 : 43   ROCC        Okay, I've got your squawk. It looks like I am getting sane
                        surge, primary return, ah I don't kncM if it's erroneous or
                        whatever but •.•


JL1628 = Japan Air Lines flight #1628
   Rl.5 = Controller positicn, Anchorage Air Route Traffic Control Center
   Dl5 = Controller positicn, Anchorage Air Route Traffic Control Center
  ROCC = (Military) Regicnal Operaticns carmand Center


                                                                                          ---
page two - flight 1628

0225 : 50     R/Dl5    Negative, uhuh, it' s not erroneous. I want you ( RCXX:) to
                       keep a good track on there, and if you pick up a code, and
                       verify that you do not have 8f¥ aircraft operating in that
                       area military.

0225 : 57     RCXX:    That is aff.i.nn. We do not have anytody up there right r'Dll,
                       ah. can you give me the position of the primary your
                           .   .   ?
                       receiving.

0226 : 03     R/Dl5    Okay, I ' m not. I'm ah, picking up a primary - approximately
                       five zero miles, south, right up there - right in front of
                       the ah, one five five zero code.

0226 : 18     RCXX:    Okay, I've got him about his-ah, oh-it looks like ab:Jut, ah-
                       ten o'clock, at ab:Jut that range, yes.
0226 : 25     R/Dl5    Alright keep an eye on that, and ah-see if-ah, 8f¥ other
                       military (unintelligible) in that area.
0227 : 53     RCX:X:   It is an unkn:Jwn, okay, we've lost contact with it n:::M.
0230:56       JL1628   It's ah, I think ah, very quite big ah, plane.
0231:48       Rl5      Are you (Fairbanks FAA tower) pickin up a primary target
                       right with that aircraft?
0231 : 58     FEKS     Ah, ro.     It's (the JL1628J the only target I see there.
0232 :04      Rl5      If you see a primary with it, keep your eye on it.     And he
                       should be at three five oh(zero)also.

0232 : 05     FBKS     Alright, very good, we're watchinJ.
0232 :07      JL1628   Japan Air sixteen twenty eight, ah request descent.
0232 : 20     JL1628   Japan Air sixteen twenty eight, request three one zero.
0232 : 25     Rl5      Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy, understand, requesting
                       flight level three one zero.
0232 : 41 ·   Rl5      Japan Air sixteen one er correction sixteen twenty eight
                       heavy, descend at pilot discretion-maintain flight level
                       three one zero.

0232:45       JL1628   Leaving three five zero to three one zero.

0232: 58      Rl5      Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy, do you still have your
                       traffic?

0233:00       JL1628   Still, ah, ~ ah, ah, right fonnation, in ah fonnation.
page 3 - flight 1628

0234: 52    Rl5      Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy, understand your traffic
                     is over Fairbanks at this time.

0234: 56    JL1628   Affinnative - - ah request heading ~ one zero.
0235 :02    Rl5      Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy, roger.     Deviations
                     approved as necessary for traffic.

0235 : 24   Dl5      Approach center (Fairbanks FAA tower) on the sixty one line.

0235 : 27   FBKS     Approach.
0235 :30    Dl5      Look at your radar.  We got a Japan Air one six~ eight,
                     ah-he's deviating. He's about ah-five miles north of
                     Fairbanks V-0-R squawking one five five zero.
0235 : 39   Dl5      Do you have ar-ry traffic with him?   He sees traffic, he was
                     deviating.
0235 : 44   FBKS     Ah - ya, no we don't.   I   don't see anything there aside fran
                     his, ah-his target.
0236:12     JL1628   Ah-Anchorage Center; Japan Air one six tw::> eight, request
                     direct ah-Talkeetna.
0236 : 18   Rl5      Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy, cleared direct
                     Talkeetna, and in-ah-advise me of your position of your
                     traffic?
0236 : 24   JL1628   Ah, same po, same position.
0236 : 37   Rl5      Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy, ah-sir I'm gonna
                     request you to make a right tum, three six zero degrees,
                     three hundred and sixty degree tum, and advise me what your
                     traffic Cbes then.
0236 : 47   JL1628   Right tum, three sixty.
0237 : 23   Rcx:c    Okay. We have, no, we have confirmed, we have IX> military
                     aircraft ~rking up there.

0237 : 25   Dl5      Okay thank you very much.

0237 : 29   Dl5      You have nJ traffic at all?

0237 : 30   ROCC     That's correct, Cbes he (JAL-1628) still have sanebody
                     visual?

0237 : 32   Dl5      He says he Cbes.


FBKS = Fairbanks Airport FAA Approach Qxlt:rol (Tower)


                                                                                        .-
                                                                                       --
page 4 - flight 1628

0237:55     R15          Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy.     Sir, does your traffic
                         appear to be staying with you?
0238:00     JL1628       (unintelligible) just la)].{:i.ng.
0239:01     R15          Japan Air sixteen twenty eight.      Say again?
0239:04     JL1628       It ah-disappeared.    Japan Air sixteen twenty eight.
0239:58     RCCC         Ya, this is one dash two again. On sane other equipnent here
                         we have canfinned there is a flight size of two around your
                         one five five zero. Squawk one primary return only.

0240:05     Dl5          Okay, where is is he follc::iwin3' him?

0240:07     RCCC         It looks like he is, yes.
0240:10     R15          Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy; roger. At your
                     '   discretion proceed direct Talkeetna, Jay one -0..0 five
                         Anchorage. (J125 = air route)
0240:23     R15          Japan Air sixteen twenty eight; roger. Sir, the military
                         radar advises they do have a primary target in trail of you
                         at this time.
0240:24     015          Okay do you have ·anybody you can scramble up there?

. 0240:30   RCXX         I'll tell you what, we're gonna talk to your liasion sir
                         about that.
0240:35     R15          Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy. Military radar advises
                         they are picking up intermittent primary target behind you
                         in-trail, in-trail I say again.
0240:51     RCCC         Ah-I'm gonna talk to my other radar man here - has gotta,
                         he's got sane other equipnent watching this aircraft.
0240 : 54   Dl5          Okay.
0240:13     R15          Rog'er sir. Would you (JAf... 1628) like our military to
                         scramble on the traffic?
0240:17     JL1628       Negative, negative.

0242 : 04   JL1628       Anchorage Center. Japan Air sixteen twenty eight.       Confinn
                         direct to Talkeetna, three one zero.

0242 : 09   R15          Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy; affirmative. Direct
                         Talkeetna and descend. at pilot's discretion, maintain flight
                         level tt..o five zero.
page 5 -    flight 1628
0242: 24    RCXX::    It looks like he, he-ah-offset left, and then possibly fell
                      back in-trail. However, I can't see him DCM, I can't pick
                      him out.

0242 : 29   Dl5       Okay thank you very much S-R.
0244:13     Rl5       Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy.    Do you still have the
                      traffic?
0244 : 17   JL1628    Ah-affinnative.   Ah-nine o'clock, ah, ah.
0244 : 39   R15       United sixty nine, Ancoorage request.
0244:41     UA69      Ah, go ahead, United sixty nine heavy.
0244:43     R15       United sixty nine heavy. Sir, I 've got a Japan Air seven
                      forty seven presently in your eleven o'clcx::k position and one
                      hundred and one, correction, one, one, zero miles, and he has
                      traffic (unintelligible) I'll keep you advised, ah-when
                      you're closer to him I want you to see if you see anything
                      with him.

0245:04     UA69      Okay fine, ah-we' 11 look for ya.
0245:49     R15       United sixty nine heavy. In your eleven o'clock position,
                      one, zero, zero miles, southbound, is a Japan Air, seven
                      forty seven. He is at flight level three one zero. Says he
                      has traffic at his nine o'clock position same altitude.

0246 : 06   UA69      We'll be looking, that's ah-ah, can't see anything yet.
0246:59     Rl5       Japan Air sixteen twenty eight; roger. I'm gonna have a
                      United aircraft get close to you and take a look, ah-to see
                      if he can identify your traffic.
0247 : 06   JL1628    Thank you.

0247:09     Rl5       United sixty nine heavy, turn ten degrees left, radar
                      vectors, ah-to see traffic.

0248:31     R15       Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy.    Say the position of
                      your traffic.

0248 : 34   JL1628    Ah-IXM, ah-ah-rroving to ah-around ten mile, IXM-ah-ah-
                      position-ah-seven, ah-eight o'clock, ten mile.

0248 : 52   Rl5       Japan Air sixteen seventy eight heavy; roger.


UA69 = United Airlines flight #69
page 6 - flight 1628

0249 : 52   Rl5      United sixty nine heavy; roger. The Japan Air says the
                     traffic is in his seven to eight o'clock position and one
                     zero miles in-trail.

0250 : 00   UA69     Okay, we're lookin.

0250 :05    UA69     Why don't you get us a little closer?

0250 :07    Rl5      United sixty nine heavy; roger.    Another additional ten
                     degrees left.

0250 : 14   UA69     Roger, United sixty nine.

0250 :46    Rl5      United sixty nine, that's what he says. Japan Air sixteen
                     twenty eight heavy, sey the position of your traffic OCM.
0250:52     JL1628     Ah-OCM distinguishinJ but, ah-ah-your I guess, ah-twelve
                       o'clock below-ah-you, over.
0251:32     UA69       Ah, Center fran United ah sixty nine. Ah-the-ah-Japan
                       Airliner is silln.ietted against a-ah-light sky. I don't see
                       anytx:xJy around him at all. I can see his contra,il but I sure
                       don't see any other airplanes. Do you see him?

0251 : 49   Rl5        United sixty nine heavy, ah-negative sir. We got just a very
                       few primary hits on the ah-target and then ah-we really
                       haven't got a good track on him ever.
0252 :31    TOI'EM     If you want we've got extra gas we could bop up arnther five
                       or six th:Jusand feet and turn around.
0252:36     Rl5        Toten (militacy Cl30 flight) seven one, ah roger sir. If
                       you'd like ah-standby, ---- Toten seven one, turn ah-right,
                       headirq 'h«> five, correction turn right, headinJ 'h«> seven
                       zero, radar vectors to intercept.
0253 :10    Rl5        Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy, descend at pilot
                       discretion, maintain flight level 'h«> five zero.

0253 : 13   JL1628   Japan Air sixteen ~enty eight, ah-pilot's discretion,
                     maintain ah-ah-'h«> five zero, so-ah-ah-I cannot, I couldn't
                     see ah-U-F-0, over.

0253 : 27   Rl5      Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy.     Understand you cb not
                     see the traffic any long-er.

0253:31     JL1628   Affinnative.

0254: 04    TOI'EM   Okay sir, we're searchi.rXJ this time, we think we have him.


TOTEM = Militacy Cl30 a,:ircraft
page 7 - flight 1628

0254:09    Rl5      Japan Air sixteen twenty eight heavy, flash your landing
                    lights please.

0255:25    TCYrEM   Ah, yes sir, we've got him insight.

0255:35    R15      Totem seven one, do you see any traffic in his vicinity?

0255 :38   TCYrEM   Not flashing any lights at this time sir.

0323:               JL1628 landed at Ancoorage International Airport
                    (approximate)
Paul Steucke
FAA Public Affairs
701 C Street, Box 14
Anch. AK 99513                                          ~·1 arch   5 , 1987


                           UNCORRELATED RADAR SIGNALS


   Radar data received by the FAA and used to track Japan Airlines flight 1628
on the night of the November 17, 1986, was retained by FAA. Review of this
radar data by FAA experts using identical equipment at the FAA's research
technical center in Atlantic City, New Jersey, revealed that the radar system
was receiving what is called an "uncorrelated primary and beacon target".
   This electronic phenomena is not unusual according to Steucke who said, "It
is unfortunate that the uncorrelated target phenomena occurred just when a
pilot was reporting seeing something outside his aircraft.
    The controller's statements, released by the FAA, indicate that they thought
there might be another aircraft or object in the area of the JAL flight.
Steucke said, "The controllers were doing their job right because they have to
work with what is right there in front of them on the screen, especially when
you have a Captain that is reporting "other traffic" in his irmiediate area.
The .. radar data they had was one target, moving slowly across the radar screen.
They don't have the benefit of "monday morning quarterbacking" with multiple
radar images as was the case in regenerating the radar data." Review of the
radar data by FAA experts revealed the "uncorrelated target" phenomena.
   FAA electronic technicians explained that an "uncorrelated primary and
beacon target" on the radar screen occurs when the radar energy that is sent up
toward the aircraft, (primary signal) returns to the radar receiver along with
the aircraft transponder (beacon) signal and the two do not match up as being
at the same exact location.


                                    II
            An " unc o rre la t ed p r i ma r y and be a con(sec onda r y ) r e t u rn on a r ad a r
            scr een oc cur s wh e n th e r ad ar e ne r gy that is s ent up t oward the ai r c raft
            ( prima r y si gnal) r e turns off t he surface o f the aircraft at a s l ightl y
            d i f ferent moment than the beac on ( secondary ) transp onder signal a nd the
            t wo do not match up as being a t the same place or same computer rad a r
            cell .


             --RADAR COMPUTER CELL, 1/4 MILE--
                                                                                             --v'-
                                                                                               RADAR CELL

       I
      I
     w
     ,..J                                                        SAME AIRCRAFT
     H


     --
     ~
     ~


                          SECONDARY
                              RADAR
                             RETURN
                          (Beacon)
                     (Transponder)


            --11
                                                                         RETURN
                                                                         (Skin-
                                                                         Surface)


                                                                          =PRIMARY RAD~ RETURN
                           FAA
                           RADAR


                                                                          =SECONDARY RADAR RETURN


                                                                          =CORRELATED RETURN
                                                                           (Combined Return)


Drawing by Paul St eucke
March 5, 1987                                                             =UNCORRELATED RETURN
                                                          M emorandum
           US Department
           of Tra nsportation
           Federal Aviation
           Administration


                                                                  Da te.
Subjec t    ruFORMATION: Cescription of Radar Split Image;
            AAL-5 Memo of 2/5/87
                                                                           FEB 2 7 1987
                                                               Repl y to
                                                               Att n o f
  From      Manager, Airway     Facilities Division, AAL-400


     To     Public Affairs Officer, AAL-5

            'Ihis letter transmits our analysis of the radar targets associated with
            J AL flight 1628 , on November 17, 1986, an:l supplements discussions we have
            had~ what has been referred to as "split images".

            We concur with the interpretation provided to you by the Alaskan Region
            Air Traffic Division.

            'Ihe attached Analysis of Uncorrelated Primary an:l Beacon Targets by Dennis
            Si.mantel covers the subject in :rore detail, an:l addresses the questions
            raised in yc:m- letter.

            Paul , I appreciate the team approach you have taken to more fully


            /Lie·
            un:ierstan:l a complex issue.  'Ihe issue is an excellent example of how
            "interde~t" we are .       If we can provide any more info:anation, please


            David F. Morse

            Attaclnrent


                                                                                          "'
                                                                                          --a
                                                                                          -...,
                                                                                          ,....,.,
                                                                                  :::0
                                                                                  rn
                                                                                           :::D

                                                                                  (""")
                                                                                          =--.I

                                                                                  fT1
                                                                                  -
                                                                                  <            ,_
                                                                                  rTJ     ,-   _,
                                                                                           - .,
                                                                                  0


                                                                                                     ---
                   ANALYSIS OF UNCORRELATED PRIMARY
                          AND BEACON TARGETS
                      (JAL-1628, 11 / 17 / 86 AKST)


 Approximately 61 minutes of data was extracted from the EARTS CDR
 printouts relating to the November 18 incident involving JAL-1628
 and the alleged UFO sighting.

 Review of the data involving this incident did not show any
 abnormalities that could be associated with any type of target as
 indicated by the pilot of JAL-1628.

Radar returns from the aircraft and surrounding terrain vary with
the different segments of the flight, but are considered normal
for the area.

 Returns relating to the incident can be categorized as three
 types: primary radar reinforced by a beacon reply (primary radar
 returns and beacon returns are both evident in the same 1/4 mile
 range cell), beacon only reply and beacon with an associated
 radar reply.   Seventy-two percent of the replies were radar with
 beacon reinforcement (same range cell) which is normal for the
 Murphy dome radar system.

 Approximately 25 percent were beacon only and of those that
 registered as beacon only, 90 percent of those had a primary only
 reply within 1/8 of a mile, either ahead or behind the beacon
 target (5 behind, 12 ahead).

 Th ese uncorrelated primary returns are not uncommon, due to the
 critical timing associated with the delay adjustments in the
 aircraft transponder for beacon systems and the target
 correlation circuitry within the radar equipment.

 Whe n an aircraft is being interrogated as it passes through the
 beginning of adjacent range cells the intricate timing between
 t h e t wo systems very often is off just enough to declare both a
 beacon and a radar target in different range cells, resulting in
 uncorrelated radar replies.

 Th e data derived from the JAL-1628 flight is representative of
 t h e d ata from another aircraft in the same general area and is
 con s i dered normal.


 Feb ru ary 25, 1987
-us  .
'"Dennis R. Simantel
 ZAN-AAL-ARTCC
Paul Steucke                                           ~·l arch   5, 1987
FAA, Public Affairs Officer
Alaskan Region
701 C Street, Box 14
Anchorage, Alaska 995 13


                      LACK OF "SCIElll'IFIC" INVESTIGATION


   The Federal Aviation Administration has a number of employees who do
scientific research with regard to aircraft, aviation, and related electronic
equipment. The FAA does not have the resources or the Congressional mandate to
investigate sightings of unidentified flying objects.
   We have not tried to determine what the crew of Japan Airlines flight 1628
saw based on scientific analysis of the stars, planets, magnetic fields, angle
of view, etc. We have received letters from several persons suggesting that we
ask the crew and others a variety of detailed questions from a scientific
viewpoint. This we have not done and do not intend to do. He reviewed the data
that was created by our systems, the interviews that were done by FAA to
determine the status of the crew and the aircraft, and have provided that
information to the public.
   The FAA has completed its investigation of JAL flight 1628, and does not
intend to pursue it any further."


                                       #
                         RECORD OF INTERVIEW WITH JAL CAPTAIN

Richard Gordon, Manager, FSD0-63
Kenju Terauchi, Captain, JAL
Frank Fujii, Interpretor, JAL
Sayoko Mimoto, FAA Airways Facilities
Mr. Shinbashi, Station Manager

On January 2, 1987, Inspector Richard 0. Gordon, FSD0-63, and Japanese
Interpertor Sayoko Mimoto, FAA Airways Facilities, interviewed JAL
Captain Kenju Terauchi at JAL Operations, Anchorage, Alaska. The interview
was conducted for the purpose of gathering first-hand witness testimony with
regard to a sighting on November 17, 1986, by Captain Terauchi and his crew of
an unidentified flying object. The following text is a record of the
interview:

R. Gordon     Think what I'm going to • • •

Garbled

R. Gordon     I have a, oh, a few questions here, and I'll be glad to let you
              read them and it's just some clarification because I didn't do
              it, but one of the people that work for me, I'm the office
              manager over here at the FSDO, the Flight Standards Office. And
              Jack Wright, one of my people came over and met with the Captain
              the first night • • •

K. Terauchi   Oh yeah.

R~   Gordon   Jack Wright gave you his card • • •

K. Terauchi   Yeah.

R. Gordon     Well then that's what Jack wrote down here. Well when they came
              I was out of town, I was in Washington DC, but when I came back,
              then I asked a couple questions and then the Administrator is
              asking some questions and I said, well we don't know we didn't
              ask that, so they gave me that list ?f questions right there, and
              we'll just address them along the way and then talk about them.

K. Terauchi   Okay.

R. Gordon     And it's almost reiterating what we've been through already on
              this thing.

K. Terauchi   Sometimes, sometimes.

F. Fujii      Reiterating questions, but, was this the first experience,
              Captain?

K. Terauchi   No, third time.

R. Gordon     This is the third time that ah that you've seen, where, in the
              same area or • • •


                                          1                                         -
                                                                                  _..
K. Terauchi   No, no, no • • • um, ah I saw, um, mothership.   Taipai, Kushung,
              Formosa, south of Formosa.

R. Gordon     Around, near Formosa.

K. Terauchi   Yeah ah no

F. Fujii      This Tiapai mainland China

R. Gordon     Uh uh

K. Terauchi   And Taipai, Kushung is here, so ah this cargo flight ah I took
              off ah 2 am midnight, after midnight, after takeoff. When we
              start climb we saw left-hand side big mothership, but ah ••• it
              was so wierd, I ignored it (did not look).

F. Fujii      Cause he wasn't feeling well • • •

R. Gordon     No I can understand that, but that was the first time?

K. Terauchi   Big Ship - yes and the second time ah, the, in my home I saw a
              sky clear daytime; ah, we can, we saw bright lights, I guess
              maybe ah 10,000 feet so ah • • • the light continued for about·
              ten minutes.

F. Fujii      The light continued for about ten minut~s, so ah disappeared
              suddenly.

K. Terauchi It's ah I guess this one.
R. Gordon     Okay now this one you saw off mainland China what timeframe did
              that happen, when did that happen?

F. Fujii      What-time was it?

K. Terauchi   2 am

R. Gordon     When last month

              Interruption

R. Gordon     Okay, excuse me one moment, but ah • • • Okay Frank I was trying
              to figure out that first sighting last year or this year

K. Terauchi Five years ago
R. Gordon     Oh five years ago, just trying to get the timeframe that we
              sighted these things ah, the next one wa·s that we wanted to talk
              about •

F . Fujii     Was it the first experienc~ for the crew members?


                                        2                                         --·
R. Gordon     First time for the other crew members, okay that's fine.

K. Terauchi   I think i t was the first time.

F. Fujii      Who was the first person who saw it?

K. Terauchi   It was me.    I saw it in   - inside.
F. Fujii      What did you notice at first?

K. Terauchi   During first time we saw light, I think a navigation light.

R. Gordon     Ah ha, but you saw it visually first you didn't pick it up on
              radar or anything you just saw some light out there, okay and
              that really coinsides with the air traffic statement, you called
              and said do you have any traffic in my area

K. Terauchi   Yeah, yeah before, before, about six minutes before I saw this
              one so ah • • •

R. Gordon     You were watching him for about five or six minutes before you
              called •

K. Terauchi   Before I contact Anchorage Center

R. Gordon     Ah ah, okay

F. Fujii      Okay fourth question, what did you see exactly shape, light, and
              all, the shape, lighting, etc.

R. Gordon     Well if you can just explain these to me cause it looks like
              you've done alot of drawing here so it's not necessary for you to
              redraw all this stuff

K. Terauchi   This light was amber and whitish, but, when it came to here it
              was only amber •     white light. Why don't I understand.
              (Japanese) right

F. Fujii      First of all it's like amber and whitish color, came closely it
              seems like all the output exhaust position of the jets, all these
              Challenger

R. Gordon     Look like something like after burners • • • okay okay, like each
              one of these was an individual exhaust

?             Yes

R. Gordon     Okay

K. Terauchi   So this light is special like (Japanese) when ah Challenger, yes
& F. Fujii    like Challenger took off amount of flame going on, we can't see
              Challenger by this flame


                                           3
R. Gordon     Okay, yes

K. Terauchi   But this one is nozzle direction (Japanese)(garbled) we couldn't
              see this light this direction we could see big flame

R. Gordon     Maybe we're saying then if you're looking at the back of it and
              then when it turns sideways this doesn't show. Okay I
              understand.

F. Fujii      From the forward you could see the flame and the exhaust and
              flame were surrounding it.

R. Gordon     Okay

F. Fujii      So maybe ah, I - I think ah, um exhaust started (garbled)

R. Gordon     Being okay these things here, maybe being each one of these
              things here, so these were maybe stacked, in otherwards if you
              wer& looking at the top view down, you would just see one if you
              come around here you would see all of those lights. Okay yeah

K. Terauchi   So if they moved u~ or I guess this ah exhaust moved to ah, this
              way down so finally five years ago I saw the rocket.

R. Gordon     Maybe that would account for that bright light he saw five years
              ~go.  In otherwords if these turned down you couldn't see them
              and then when it looked like it moved over here some over here
              turned up and then you could see them where it looked like it
              moved over there? So you're saying •
.·
K. Terauchi   Anyway ah (Japanese) right (Japanese) • • • Talk to me • • •
              Could not see but only here and here • • • and this, here, dark
              area, I saw sparks, like fire. When using gasoline or carbon
              fuel. You can see a great big flame, but I could not see (flame)
              at all in this angle, although there was a big blast.

F. Fujii      Seems like it's really high technology because you can't see
              anything over here unless it's spinning rotation.

R. Gordon     Yeah, okay, yeah, somebody said sometimes the sparks kick over
              into that and you could see the exhaust, now with ah that in mind
              this other picture you have here, where would this be on this
              thing captain?

F. Fujii      What you're asking him where this (garbled) • • •

K. Terauchi   Quite different, this is just small space ship, this one size of
              carrier, two times carrier so mothership, so ah after they flew
              wi th us three ah five minutes like home mission, then move to a
              mother shi p . So then I found mothership light, but this is not
              llght, all engine, because ah we have contact seven or eight mile
              here, s o we saw this first •lights, so um after light contact ah
              they move behind so we saw this pairs of light, so we saw this
              light same size, thi s one , same size.

                                                                                  - ?·
                                       4
R. Gordon      Same distance apart       Now do you think t hat wa s just the
               mothership and then these little things were • . •

K. Terauchi    But, yes, that right

R. Gordon      I mean they were moving along, at that time where were these
               lights, captain?

F. Fujii       (Japanese) disappear

R. Gordon      Okay, okay

K. Terauchi    Then we find this light, so I think this one is light, but I
               think now this is engine, so ah, same type of engine, the same
               logic • • • the same type of engine. This one and this one, the
               same logic, this point and this point are the same just bigger in
               size. This is the small one so it looked like this, but the
               bigger one, I could not see but only here, small size, big size,
               same technology. Yeah

R. Gordon      Oh, oh

F . Fujii      The mothership seems like it, he said that, this, this, same
               technology, type of engine

R. Gordon      Well they're alot, much larger.

K. Terauchi    Yes, much .larger   .
R. Gordon      So this right here would be ah, sitting   ...
s . Mimoto     No, this light is sitting here

K. Terauchi Yeah , yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah    ...
R. Gordon               Only much larger (garbled)

K. Terauchi    Yeah much larger, much power. But, this color is white uh • • .
               it ' s ah um dark white pole • • • weak light • • •
               (unintelligible)

R. Gor don     Maybe because it's so much bigger.

K. Ter auchi   Yeah

R. Gor don     Now this distance, now you were speaking of these were fairly
               close uh?

K. Te rauchi   Hum uh, ah distances is ah, ah, not this, this one ah, 500, ah
               be t ween 500 and 1 , 000 feet .

R. Gordon      Okay, out fr om you , and then i t took off and went out here and
               maybe thi s is, ah, you said fi ve to seven miles or something on
               the radar.
                                                                                   _,..
                                           5
K. Terauchi   A no, seven, seven or eight miles.

R. Gordon     Okay seven or eight miles, that's what they were saying on the
              radar.

K. Terauchi   Yeah, this later, so we saw about seven or eight miles •••

R. Gordon     Okay

K. Terauchi   And, 60 degrees left • • •

R. Gordon     Okay

K. Terauchi   So out in here small ship is disappear.

R. Gordon     Okay, I understand, now lets (unintelligible) what else, see if I
              forget anything, visual was a first, what, you showed me exactly
              what you saw. Visually sighting, you saw it first uh?

K. Terauchi   First

R. Gordon     Okay

F. Fujii      And (unintelligible) probably how long had you contacted the
              target.

R. Gordon     No that's what we were saying, five to six minutes before you
              called ATC.
 f
K. Terauchi   Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right.

R. Gordon     Okay, did the other crew have trouble sighting the object?

F. Fujii      Did the rest of the crew see the lights?

K. Terauchi   (More Japanese) So I tried to fix it, but I ah, failed.

              Laughter

K. Terauchi   Just, shutter was open, did not close, so • • •

F. Fujii      Yes every crew has seen it.

R. Gordon     Okay all the crew members they did see it. Okay.    Laughter • • •
              Yeah that's what I would do (more laughter)

F. Fujii      What type of onboard radar?

R. Gordon     Yeah , what type of radar was onboard, that ah ?

K. Terauchi   I t wa s the kind, ditigal, but I don not know.


                                        6
R. Gordon     Digital color?

K. Terauchi   Yes colored, digital

R. Gordon     Okay, fine, yeah, that's all we need! I don't need to know
              numbers. Ah did the target appear on the radar as unusual or; or
              solid target or intermitt • . •

F. Fujii      Was it clear?

K. Terauchi   Clearly, clearly

R. Gordon     Very clearly

K. Terauchi   But, ah, ah, strong, ah return signal is strong in case of a
              storm, show ah red, and next yellow.

R. Gordon     Okay

?             The, but weak is green   ...
R. Gordon     Right.

K. Terauchi   So ah is green light.

R. Gordon     It showed green    ...
K. Terauchi   Green

R. Gordon     Okay, yeah, that's, that's where even some of the stuff could get
              through it, like when you take a picture of a cloud on the
              radar • • •

K. Terauchi   Oh yeah •

R. Gordon     If it's green, but if it's got heavy rain in it or thunderstorm
              in it then it shows red • • •

K. Terauchi   Yes, yes

R. Gordon     So it's light green, maybe the waves can go through this thing.
              Okay so it showed green on the radar, on the color radar.

F. Fujii      When did you pick it up, the radar?

K. Terauchi   Time?    Time?

F. Fujii      Time, is it by time, when?

R. Gordon     Oh after, how long after you saw it with your eyes did you pick
              it up on the radar?

K. Terauchi   Okay ah, um seven minutes, five minute, makes it twelve minutes,
              so, ah, fifteen minutes after contact.


                                        7                                         -   -
                                                                                      r
R. Gordon     Fifteen minutes after you visually contacted it, okay, okay.

K. Terauchi   Yeah, fifteen minutes        • when ah • • •

R. Gordon     See, it just says did you paint anything that's did you see
              anything else on the radar, weather or anything else • • •

K. Terauchi   No, no, nothing.

R. Gordon     Just that target

K. Terauchi   Yeah, yes, yes.

R. Gordon     Okay, okay          The only thing we saw on the radar then was that
              target

F. Fujii      How about the aircraft, any turbulence?

K. Terauchi   No, ah, no

R. Gordon     No, no turbulence, no turbulence at all, okay.      Autopilot stayed
              on all the time.

K. Terauchi   Yeah •

R. Gordon     Okay

K. Terauchi   Working good

R. Gordon     Good, (laughter)

F. Fujii
                      . . ..
              Now how about communications, naviagion, or interferring of any
              sort      ?


K. Terauchi   This ah small aircraft near the here, so ah all the way VHF
              transmit on (unintelligible) with ah some we got a like some kind
              of • • • like ah, jamming.

R. Gordon     Some kind of interference?

K. Terauchi   Interference.

R. Gordon     On the VHF?

K. Terauchi   Yes then this one leave for mothership •       ..
R. Gordon     Ah ha

K. Terauchi   Back to normal(?)

R. Gordon     Okay, did you say it's like German talking uh?


                                          8                                          ---
K. Terauchi   Yeah, yeah, yeah.

R. Gordon     Okay

S. Mimoto     Was it's sound like speaking in German, or just jamming noise?

K. Terauchi   It was just noise, sounded zaa, zaa

R. Gordon     Oh just noise • • . Okay, okay I misunderstood you, I'm glad you
              brought that out.

K. Terauchi   Normally when you can hear clearly it is digital 5.   5, 4, 3, 2,
              1 - but it was about 2.

F. Fujii      You know five by five radio communication

R. Gordon     Oh yeah uh hu, okay sure

F. Fujii      It was like two

R. Gordon     Okay okay, like two

K. Terauchi   Sometimes missing, sometimes missing.

R. Gordon     Like, almost like, ah, background noise?

K. Terauchi   Yes, yes.

R. Gordon     Okay, and then when it, when the little small lights departed the
              noise went away, then back to real clear communications?

K. Terauchi   Yes, that's right.

R. Gordon     Okay, fine, ah, lets see, I'm going to come back to thirteen,
              because ah • • •

F. Fujii      Okay

R. Gordon     What was there any question?

F. Fujii      Did you see any reflection on the glass (window)?

R. Gordon     Inside the cockpit, was it dark, all the light off inside the
              cockpit?

K. Terauchi   Oh ah, dark yeah, yeah, yeah.

K. Terauchi   Therefore, there was not reflection of inside. No reflection
              from inside. So when I took the camera bag, finding the object,
              all the lights were turned off, made room dark - cargo room and
              passenger room, there was nothing to reflect.

F. Fujii      We have ah, on a cargo plane we have a back lounge.


                                         9
R. Gordon     Yeah, I'm familiar with it, yeah I've been on there.

F. Fujii      So he turned the light off on that, because they were trying t o
              take · a photo.

R. Gordon     Okay, okay

F. Fujii      So the (unintelligible) was dark.

R. Gordon     Okay, that's good, I just wanted to make sure that everything in
              the cockpit you know, you see something and then you turn the
              light cause, me being a pilot, normally when I see something out
              there I'll turn the lights off and get everything dark inside.

K. Terauchi   Yes that's right.

F. Fujii      When you changed you aircraft position, did they make any speci al
              moves?

K. Terauchi   No, they didn't. See here, I began to circle 360 degrees , they
              stayed at the same position with us.

F. Fujii      Uh uh, same position

K. Terauchi   Same position, same position, same position all the way
              (unintelligible)

R. Gordon     Okay following you right around uh?

K. Terauchi   Yes

R. Gordon     And it was here, and then here, and here, and here, and then you
              rolled out and it was right there, okay.

K. Terauchi   So ah, ah, I tried next, ah, descent, 3, 5, O, 3, 1, o.

R. Gordon     Ah ah, okay, 3, 1, O, when you descended to 3, 1, O, still there
              uh?

K. Terauchi   Yeah, same formation, uh formation descent • • • formation
              descent. It was impressive, the same formation, smooth!

R. Gordon     Okay

K. Terauchi   We, we used autopilot when descending, so (unintelligible ) .

R. Gordon     Okay, yeah, yeah went · right down with him, okay uh • • •

F. Fujii      Can we go to the next one?

R. Gordon     Sure, yeah, I was just was ah


                                        10
                                                                                   --·
F. Fujii      Size, estimate, ah, size

K. Terauchi   (More Japanese) Two times, or ah, I guess ah      ...
F. Fujii      (unintelligible) seven four seven

R. Gordon     Okay

K. Terauchi   So ah, size is ah, carrier


                                  ..
R. Gordon     Ah uh, in other words this being the jumbo jet was about as big
              as just the light     .?

K. Terauchi   See this is the jumbo jet.       1.5, two times this light.

R. Gordon     Okay, okay, I have • • • so the side light on this thing was
              about, the jumbo is about two to two-and-a-half time the size of
              this light, so when you stack 'em up, you • • •

K. Terauchi   Yeah, yeah, yeah • • •

R. Gordon            were saying about two times as big as an aircraft carrier.

K. Terauchi   Yeah, yeah, yeah.

R. Gordon     Okay

K. Terauchi   It felt like this big - (he made a circle by using his fingers);
              seven to eight miles away and it was this big. Normally, an air
              carrier is seven - eight miles away, it looks like this.

F. Fujii      Seven or eight miles away, usually the aircrafts are like
              this •

R. Gordon     Ah uh, okay

F. Fujii      About this big so • • •

R. Gordon     Okay

F. Fujii             with his estimate.

R. Gordon     So he's kinda comparing it to another jumbo jet?

F. Fujii      Yeah, yeah • • •

R. Gordon     Okay

S. Mimoto     (More Japanese) Tremendous

R. Gordon     Oh yeah (laughter), boy, okay

F. Fujii      Go for this size here, this one.


                                          11                                      ~- -
R. Gordon     Yeah, let's see what would you estimate the size of the small
              ships to be?

K. Terauchi   Ah • • • (unintelligible), up here equal to (unintelligible) we
              saw, ah, second (unintelligible), square, but I saw this on here,
              ah here, for so I guess this one is maybe separate, separate,
              then move to here. So ah, ah, (Japanese).

R. Gordon     Right, yeah, ah uh.

S. Mimoto     if this one was two stacked together, how large was one?

K. Terauchi   This here ah fuselage, fuselage of DC-8, DC-8 fuselage.

R. GOrdon     DC-8, okay • • • yeah ah uh, in other words this part right here
              would be like fuselage of a DC-8.

K. Terauchi   Oh yes   .
R. Gordon     Like this    .
K. Terauchi Yeah, yeah, yeah
R. Gordon     Okay

K. Terauchi Maybe, maybe about like this
R. Gordon     Uh ah, yeah I understand, okay, I got it.   That's good.

F. Fujii      Any other lighted or unlight objects, any other lights?

K. Terauchi   Yeah, we saw ah, some unusual light from ah, top of mothership.

R. Gordon     Uh ah

K. Terauchi Ah, it was not regular, but - not regularly, but white -
              silverish lights, not in equal span ~f time, but occasionally
              flashed, irregularly lighted at all times.

s. Mi mo to   Occasional flash

K. Terauchi Flash, flash
R. Gordon     And since I've got this on tape, if you will help me later, you
              know when we write this down, because I can't remember all this
              stuff. Thank you.

K. Terauchi   (Japanese) First time we cannot see ah, this (unintelligible) so
              ah, ah, we saw this light, this light, and • • •

R. Gordon     Ah uh, okay, thank you very. much.


                                        12
F. Fujii      (Japanese) No ah magnetic

K. Terauchi   No ah no •

R. Gordon     No gages, or the instruments or the RMI on everything stayed
              okay, no magnetic disturbances? Okay. Ah, did the intensity of
              the objects lights change? I think he just explained that didn't
              he on that ah • • •

S. Mimoto     (unintelligible) you mean intensity of light?

R. Gordon     No on this object here, did the, did the intensity of these
              lights change, and I think he just explained that, ah

F. Fujii      You mean by distance, right?

R. Gordon     No the intensity, the brightness of the, ah    .. .
s. Mi mo to   (unintelligible)

F. Fujii      Did the intensity of lights change?

K. Terauchi   No, it did not change.

R. Gordon     They didn't change, huh?

K. Terauchi   Steady, steady.

R. Gordon     Okay, the intensity was steady?

K. Terauchi   Yes

K. Terauchi   Visibility ah, more ~lear, all the way clear, clear sky.

R. Gordon     Okay • • •

K. Terauchi   Clear sky

R. Gordon     How about visibilty? What would you estimate, you know when
              you're coming down from up there where we enter over Alaska where
              you come off the sea and hit Alaska, you come up a ways and then
              you can see Fairbanks out here, no problems seeing Fairbanks?

K. Terauchi   When flying over Fort Yukon     ...
R. Gordon     Fort Yukon, yeah.

K. Terauchi   We can see ah Fairbanks and Eilsen Air Base.

R. Gordon     Okay, yes, good, that's real clear, that's that's fine.

Shinbashi     It was near full moon wasn't it?


                                         13                                        -
                                                                                  -~
K. Terauchi   But we came this way. Full moon (unintelligible) Greenland,
              a!ter we, we cross ah Greenland we saw moon right side
              (unintelligible) • • • but moon move to ah behind us so when
              crossing the Canadian, Canadian, ah, FLR (unintelligible) so
              maybe ah moon, ah .stay near the horizon, so we couldn't use the
              mo·on light.

R. Gordon     Ah uh, I understand.

K. Terauchi   (Japanese)

R. Gordon     So the moon was very low?

K. Terauchi   Very low, very low, okay.

R. Gordon     That's good, I appreciate you bringing that up, I didn't think
              about the moon, but that's good.

K. Terauchi   Full moon, full moon, was very low, full moon.

R. Gordon     Well that's good, I'm glad you folks did that, uh • • •

K. Terauchi   So ah,

R. Gordon     There's one last question • • •

?             Yes

R. Gordon     This, and it's just threw it in here, is there anything else that
 .·           I didn't ask you that you could help us sort this thing out?

K. Terauchi   Ah, yes, they

R. Gordon     Frank, see how that tapes doing.   We still got plenty?

F. Fujii      Yes, ah uh.

R. Gordon     That's good, because the mike is right there that's super.

K. Terauchi   See it is recoil blasting, just a little bit high here, it is
              blasting jets, then if it was at the same altitude as we were, I
              assume they are using an atomic energy, there will be some
              radiation left on our aircraft. Also the other is, that air
              turbulance be created. So they did not want to leave any
              evidence of their existance. Also the reason, why they were
              there (position) is that they wanted to leave no evidence. See
              it is round, the air current goes this way (he is drawing a
              picture), see if they were at the same altitude, they would
              create air turbulance, but they never positioned when the air
              turbulance would disturb us.

R. Gordon     Those are the small one now~


                                          14
 K. Terauchi   Yeah. • •

R. Gordon      The little one huh?

K. Terauchi    (Japanese)

F. Fujii       That flight level right there does not leave any evidence, also
               if it on the same level, it would give this aircraft a little
               turbulence cause of this air.

R. Gordon      You got no turbulence?

K. Terauchi    No turbulence.

R. Gordon      So it's just suspended there, really.

K. Terauchi    (Japanese) Right

F. Fujii       (unintelligible) leave the evidence • • •

R. Gordon      Yeah, well that's what I'm saying, it's so moving, it's either so
               areodynamic that it's not causing, so you're saying when he was
               right in front of you there was not turbulence and if you had
               been that close to another object that large you should have got
               some buffetting?

K. Terauchi    Yeah

R. Gordon      Okay, I understand
.·
K. Terauchi    The turbulance would assure their existance, therefore, they
               positioned themselves to here from the beginning.

R. Gordon      Yes

K. Terauchi    Certainly, ah approaching Fort Yukon, west side, this side east
               s·ide, so ah (unintelligible)(Japanese) big mothership (Japanese),
               horizon, sunset, we caught up the sunset, two - three millimeters
               strip of it. Then there was the mothership. They never came to
               this side. Because of the sunset (if they came to the other
               side) they would be seen, their shape by us. They positioned
               themselves at the darkest side, difficult place for us to see.
               But see, our aircraft was in front of the sunset and visible for
               any movement we make. They took the trouble to position
               themselves to be in the darkest place. I think they did not want
               to be seen.

F. Fu jii      He thinks that they don't want, of course they don't want the
               ship to see it, so they go to the place where it's dark •

R. Gor don     Yeah

F. Fujii              and because there ' s a sunset over here, and about one


                                         15
                                                                                    -
K. Terauchi   (Japanese) 0.1 ah, inch

F. Fujii      About 0.1 • • •

R. Gordon     Just right on the horizon, the sun was setting?

F. Fujii      Yeah, yes. So they don't want to go toward the ship side, they
              stayed away from it.

R. Gordon     Toward the dark side.

F. Fujii      Yes

R. Gordon     So that would have put them to the east like on the Canadian side
              you're coming down on your side (unintelligible) captain's side?

K. Terauchi Yes
R. Gordon     Okay I understand.

K. Terauchi   I think, perhaps, they have regulations like they must not be
              seen by humans. But it was a surprise to see the sudden
              appearance in front of us. If the machine was set automatically
              for the distance of eight miles away from us, the machine will
              not come closer than eight miles (but t hey jumped in front of
              us), so I felt there was a living creature in it. It jumped in
              front of us, very unusual. They took such unexpected action.
              Try the other one(?)
 f
F. Fujii      Seems like they're trying to stay away, I guess there's some kind
              of regulation for them to not be seen by • • •

R. Gordon     Ah uh, I understand.  I have one more question that came up that
              I was thinking; now when he departed, departed east?  Is that
              what someone told me; which direction did, when he departed, went
              away?

F. Fujii      Which direction did it take off to?

K. Terauchi I don't know.       Probably to the east.

F. Fujii      He thinks it's east, he's not really sure.   He was looking at it
              and it just ~issappeared, so • • •

R. Gordon     Okay, appeared that it went east, but it went so fast?

K. Terauchi   So fast.

R. Gordon     Okay

F. Fujii      He was watching it and it just disappeared • • •


                                          16                                      --
R. Gordon     Okay, fine. Well I can't think of anything else I need to ask
              you, ah, I really appreciate you taking time to talk to us,
              because it's very, very interesting and we need to see if we can
              figure out what is there, you know.

K. Terauchi   So ah, one things, they ah, completely they're controled of
              inertial and gravity. Yeah, so their technology was unthinkable.
              Unimaginable high technology.

F. Fujii      High tech.

R. Gordon     Oh yeah, it just sounds like it. All I can say is let's hope
              they're on our side • • • (laughter)

Shinbashi     This kind of information (unintelligible) before?

R. Gordon     No I can't, I haven't so that's why we're trying to get as much
              information as we have; we're going to send it back to
              Washington DC, and have them try to marry it up with anything
              like this before and then maybe we can say, oh, it happened here,
              or it happened here • • •

K. Terauchi   Oh yeah

R. Gordon         • other sightings, we have a lot of stuff where pilots have
              had other sightings.

K. Terauchi   Oh yes

R. Gordon     So we don't know if these lights and all these pictures you drew;
              maybe they'll be the same and it happened in Arizona or New York
              or wherever, so we got a place in Washington DC, we'll put them
              all together and say is any two of them alike. But, but as we go
              through this thing I would be glad to keep you folks informed
              and, .of what we find out, or if we find out anything, but I'll be
              glad to tell you and see how we're doing. Could I get those
              drawings, if you don't mind ah? I think that's all we need.

K. Terauchi   (unintelligible)

R. Gordon     Yes, yes, you could probably explain that with the thing you have
              drawn here. Now these are the same drawings?

K. Terauchi   Oh no, no, no

R. Gordon     Yeah

K. Terauchi   This one, this one, are the same.

R. Gordon     Same

K. Terauchi So I like (unintelligible) ,


                                       17
R. Gordon     I get a copy of that Frank? Could we take a picture of that, I
              would certainly appreciate it. Yes. Alright. I think that's
              all, can you think of anything we need.

K. Terauchi   (unintelligible)

R. Gordon     Yes, please if I could have one.     Oh one thing, this track

K. Terauchi   Oh yeah. This one is ah (unintelligible) so after this one is ah
              (unintelligible) this point ah • • •

R. Gordon     Okay, right about the

K. Terauchi   This point, so we contact Anchorage Center here, so ah two or
              three minutes, proceed right direct to Talkeetna, so we flew this
              distance • • •

R. Gordon     Okay from that point direct to Talkeetna and ah, and then some so
              you went about there you saw this thing.

K. Terauchi   Yes, yes, I saw from here    . . . so ah • . .
R. Gordon     Okay, and then maybe five minutes later along here saying
              Anchorage do you have anything out there?

K. Terauchi   Oh yeah, yeah, yeah

R. Gordon     Okay I have it.    To just about Talkeetna?

K. Terauchi   No no, disappear 75 miles north of Talkeetna

R. Gar.don    Okay 75 miles north of Talkeetna   .
K. Terauchi   Yeah, yeah

R. Gordon         • it went away.

S. Mimoto     The small one, not the mothership, were there many light?

K. Terauchi   Oh yes, there were numerous lights. The exhausts on the engine
              were lined up all the way, but when they were blasting recoil
              jets were so strong I could not see it because it was so bright.
              Once the recoil blast stopped, the speed was absolutely steady,
              not faster or slower, and I could see them very clearly.

S. Mimoto     Just one group?

K. Terauchi   See there were two, appeared in front of us.     Right here and
              right here     • both exactly the same.

S. Mimoto     Only two?

K. Terauchi   All I saw was two.


                                          18
                                                                                   -
                                                                                  _,
R. Gordon     Yeah, I got that out of that other one that there was two and
              then it went back to the mothership.

K. Terauchi   Yeah

s. Mimoto     I thought maybe there was more then two.

R. Gordon     Oh I see, I'm glad you asked that.   There were only two?

s. Mimoto     Only two.

R. Gordon     But one was larger then the other like there was two of 'em were
              stuck together, right?

s. Mi.mo to   Then both are the same size, possible got (stuck) together later?

K. Terauchi   Yes, possibly. The one I saw first, it was this lon~. See if
              they were stacked together at the beginning, one must have
              returned to the mothership soon after the separtation.

s. Mimoto     This (unintelligible)

R. Gordon     Oh you saw that, and then they separated like they were together
              and then they came apart.

K. Terauchi   (Japanese)

R. Gordon     Ah uh, okay. Same thing, and make sure that I'm right here, that
              ah, ah airplane, first sighting, and say this is over here, then
              it would have ••

s. Mimoto     (unintelligible)

R. Gordon     Okay, fine just so we know if someone asks us that question we
              can answer. Very good. Well I have a lot better understanding
              of what transpired then what we got out of a bunch of people when
              we talked, and I want to thank you folks for your time. I really
              appreciate it.


                                       19
                                                        JA~       } A I R LINES
                                                        DISTRICT OFFICE OF OPERATIONS
                                                        ANCHORAGE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
                                                        P 0 . BOX 190048
                                                        ANCHORAGE, ALASKA 9951~
                                                        PHONE: (907) 243-316"4
                   - - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - -·---···
                                                                                                                                           --~....;..
                                                                                                                                                    · ·
                                                                                                                                                      .;..._--

                                                                                                                                                              .. ..
                                                                                                                                                          \. ··


                                                                               ..----
                                                                                 • 7. -
                                                                                --~ ~.. .


                          -:::-.......... ~-- ·­
             . . .. . . .:
           ..... ··.
     ...   --·-
    : -~- ;.·
                  ......:.·,,,._..


                                                                                       (.,. .
                                                                                       _, .      -


                                                    1lT ~ toi,, t I';! i ~ b';· I ;;z·ri.. .,,.. ,,, \ 1W1 < t -'l'Q l t ~-( T-- ~
                                                        ~ '% ...,J- l.:.. :,..· ;... ~ 7 7 7 - /,··-T if EfJ If 11' B;ij '( , ~,OJ 7'"' I ~ -~l('?
                                                        ~ l j ~ ., I : r..· ~ ~ \': It <' ~I~ ;(_ 1~ ):, ~ I ;l ; ~ '.$ ' ~ .. Cf> , '~ ; i.:" d'., T: ,
                                                        jf_ii'J l to) .. -r •• ~ .f4~~ }Li'-,~ sf 7::. ;                                         1 •• -   ~~ ~ ·~ r.·., "l "r:..
    _  ..,_.

                                                                                                                                                    •
                                                                                                                                                                  BJUu

                                                                                                                                                                                         it~           ,, i..- , ·:.. .t: ,, J-?·;1 1 ~ ,•
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ~f .i.? .

                                                          •
                                                                                                                                                                  --·-'""
                                                                                                                                                                       -~
•                                                                                   -· ......___ _
                                                                                                                               -......._
                                                                                                           "' ·- · ... . . ... .
                                     7r.1'1 ..'''.. ?J.                                                                               -...                            - •                  • '!I  .•
                                                   ~:Al/                                                                                                              :.. ... r..,,,,L. 1'":1-a"3'
                                                                    .. ... .     . _ __..... .   ·- ... ........ .... .~   .


                                                                                •


            FL 3SO
                  ;1· .;
             F'- 3 10                               \     ~u-~-~ t-/\ (ii)_,                                                                                                                                                                 .-
                           "t'f' ~ ....             l
                       ..JA.      ; AIR L.INES
                      DISTAi<., 1 OFFICE OF OPERATIONS
                      ANCHORAGE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
                      P 0. BOX 190048
                      ANCHORAGE. ALASKA 99519-0048
                      PHONE: (907) 243-31&4

                                              I\ 7- 'J ') .. ~70.,,,~.:, r.l.

                                               ~ j it'7 °' :H-4 ·~ S.t. ( .. ~


                                                ---- ---·--- ---·                                                      ------
'fi}0> tJ ~ 1: I~; 1-o:l:'., T:
~-~-- ~'"~w.1r-
             ·~      - . - ..-
                               ~;tqiS1-iftU1i-o.~4:%~. . . - . - . '>..
              .
              I


                                                                                     -------.,- - - - - - - - - - ----==--------


          ----------- -------· ---                                     i...::. :,," 20 ~-t•v
                                                                      7,,, ~        0.

                                                                      7--'i~    ....... ,c:
                                                                        ,,_ '1~,,,~
                                                                      ~e,, 1l:\


                                                           -
                                                                                                                           -
Meeting the Future by Kenju Terauchi                       M~ ,...,. ~ L. '1\ ti;f,)   !ST
                                                           .$,      /Y11"'1ol"O
Page 1.                                                    6(- F .ctA       fh{ I?..~()A)

Once upon a time if a hunter saw a t.v., how did he describe it
to other people? My experience was similar to this. The north
of Alaska in mid-November you cannot even see the sun; the
darkness continues until the middle of March. Flight JL 1628,
B747 jumbo cargo encountered two spaceships and a Mother ship
about SO minutes above Alaska.      There was no danger but it
created many questions that a human being cannot answer.
Page 2.
So I am writing that experience down here. In mid-October, I was
excited to hear the special flight. This special flight was to
import special French wine from Iceland to Anchorage for
approximately a 6 hour and 20 minute flight. It is an extremely
short flight compared t .o most flights. It takes about two-thirds
normal flight hours. There are only two lanQings at Kefurabik
(sp.?) International Airport.
Page 3.
This particular flight was planned to stop at Iceland and increase
cargo items rather than flying direct from Paris to Anchorage.
However, since being wintertime if the condition of the runway
was poor, we may have to reduce the cargo, therefore, everyone
was paying special attention to the amount of cargo. The
temperature of Kefurabik Airport in November is approximately
maximum of 3 degrees C. and the lowest· was minus 3 degree c.
Page 4.
Six of us Japan Airline employees arrived at Kefurabik Airport at
midnight and three people welcomed us as usual. We headed on to
a new hotel. The bed was extremely small. I understood why
the down blanket was only 135 centimeters. We stayed only about
17 hours. The weather became good and the runway was not frozen
and we left the Kefurabik at 2042.
Page 16.
Co-employees are married, have children and are young. I am
pleased that nothing happened. The ending of this encounter was
very well. We worried because we do not know the purpose of the
spaceship, but there is no immediate danger. What do you think
about our experience? I hope we humans will meet them in the near
future and confirm my experience.

          [Personal statement concerning JAL Flight 1628 sighting of
          unidentified air traffic, Nov. 17, 1986. Written by Capt.
          Kenju Terauchi; translated by Sayoko Mimoto, FAA Alaskan Region,
          Airway Facilities Division. Received by FAA 1/2/87)
                                    MEETING THE FUTURE


.. Page 5 ..
       We      took     a     flight      course Southeast of Greenland direct to
Chule(ap?) where a U.S.                 military base        is by      crossing the great
icy highland midwest of Greenland.
       The flight            above Greenland,        under a nearly full moon which
was raising on              the   right    front     side     of     our   aircraft helped
visibility for              the night flight.        The flight was smooth despite
the unstable air current                 that   shook       the    plane    for     about two
hours, but        was still a rather atressless flight as compared to a
passenger flight.
       We aimed towards Single Point, on the north coast of Canada,
by    passing      through        the     Canadian    north polar regions and down
southwest along an Arctic flight course.                          It was 4:25 p.m. Alaska
time when       we reported our location to Edmonton Center from above
Single Point, Canada (68 degrees 55                   minutes the          North Latitude,
137 degrees           15 minutes        West Longitude);           It   had become pitch-
.sllJ:k perhaps       because the         moon was    directly behind             us near the
horizon. We received an order from Edmonton Center that we should
contact the


            [Personal statement concerning JAL Flight 1628 sighting of
            unidentified air traffic, Nov. 17, 1986. Written by Capt.
            Kenju Terauchi; translated by Sayoko Mimoto, FAA Alaskan
            Region, Airway Facilities Division. Received by FAA 1/2/87]
~poge     s~


Anchorage        Center       when   we     reach above Pottat(sp?) where Alaska
Territorial Air begins.               Pottat locates approximately 480 miles,
approximately           890    kilometers,      North-northeast of Anchorage, 67
degrees 56 minutes North Latitude, 141 degrees West Longitude.
         We began the communication             with the      Anchorage Center about
5:05 p.m.         The     flight course       we had      acknowledged was Jet 529,
direct to Ft. Yukon and Jet 125                     via Nenana,     Talkeetna, Chaiger
(sp?), and        to Anchorage.           The Anchorage Center ordered us to fly
direct to Talkeetna,             provided us transponder codes and placed us
on   a    radar     scope       at   the     same     time.   The strange phenomenon
happened immediately.after we began left rotation, following the
order of taking the direct flight courae.
         There was an unidentifiable light ahead of the                    rotation. We
set the        course toward Talkeetna and began level flight.                  Then we
saw lights that looked               like   aircraft      lights,     30   degrees left
front, 2,00p        feet (600        meters) below        us, moving exactly in the
same direction and with the same speed as                     we were.     We   were at
the altitude        of 35,000        feet (10,600 . meters), flying speed          was
900 kilometer per hour to 910 kilometer per hour.


     [Personal statement concerning JAL Flight 1628 sighting of
     unidentified air traffic, Nov. 17, 1986. Written by Capt.
     Kenju Terauchi; translated by Sayoko Mimoto, FAA Alaskan
     Region, Airway Facilities Division. Received by FAA 1/2/87]
      We ianored the liahts,               thinking probably          they were epecial
missioned aircrafts or two f iahters becauee we did not notice the
liahta while communication (with                  the     Anchorage     Center?)    or on
prior visual inspection.              However, the position of the lights had
not   changed       even     after     a   few     minutes     and    that     called our
attention.       The First          Officer, Tameto(?),         called the Anchorage
Center and asked to report to us if there were any aircraft other
than ours     in the        area.     The Anchorage Center told us that there
were no     other     aircraft        in   the     North     area.         We immediately
reported back        that we        were seeing         aircraft liahts.       They again
reported that there ·was no military aircraft and the ground radar
did not     show any        aircraft but         us.      They also asked us several
times if there were clouds near our altitudes.                        We     saw thin and
spotty clouds       near the         mountain below         us, no clouds in mid-to-
upper air,      and the       air current         was steady     and conditions were
quite pleasant.            Perhaps     the controllers were concerned that an
increased use of improved lazer beams                     using clouds      was creating
moving images.


          [Personal statement concerning JAL Flight 1628 sighting of
          unidentified air traffic, Nov. 17, 1986. Written by Capt.
          Kenju Terauchi; translated by Sayoko Mimoto, ~AA Alaskan
          Region, Airway Facilities Division. Received by FAA 1/2/87]
We kept     observing the lights below us in left front, thinking it

was ridiculous to have lazer beam testing at the end                        of a    tundr~

area.      Then the        two lights         began to move in a manner diff eren1

from ordinary aircraft maneuvers, like two bear cubs playing with

each     other.       We     continued         the     flight South along a straight

course since the distance from the lights was far enough                           from us

and     their     movement        was   not     extreme     and we felt no immediate

danger . . I thought perhaps it is one                  of those     things called UFO

and taking        a photo        might help      to identify the object later.           I

asked to bring forward my camera bag that was placed                        in the rear

of the    cockpit and            began to     take a picture.        The area in which

the plane was flying             was    unchanged but         the lights     were still

movini strangely.            I    had ASA       100 film     in my camera, mainly to

take scenery and had auto-focus on, aimed at                       the object      but the

lens kept adjusting and never could set a focus.                        I changed auto-

focus to manual-focus and pressed the                     shutter but    this time the

shutter would        not close.         Then         our aircraft started to vibrate

and I gave up taking a              photo.       I placed    my camera     back in the

camera bag and concentrated on observing the lights.


         [Personal statement concerning JAL Flight 1628 sighting of
         unidentified air traffic, Nov. 17, 1986. Written by Capt.
         Kenju Terauchi; translated by Sayoko Mimoto, FAA Alaskan
         Region, Airway Facilities Division. Received ~y FAA 1/2/87)
     It     was     about        seven     or     so     minutes·since we began paying
attention to the lights, most unexpectedly two spaceships stopped

in front     of our        face, shooting              off lights.         The inside cockpit
shined brightly and I felt warm in the                         face.       Perhaps firing of
jets was     the result           to kill       inertia of           their quick high speed
maneuver, but the ships appeared as if they                            were stopped       in one

place in     front of        us.     Then three to seven seconds later a fire
like from jet engines stopped and became a small circle of lights
as they     began to        fly in        level flight          at the       same speed as we
were, showing numerous numbers                    of exhaust         pipes.       However, the
center     area     of     the     ship    where        below       an engine might be was
invisible.        The    middle      of     the     body       of    the     ship     sparked an
occasionally stream              of lights,        like a charcoal fire, from right
to left and from left to right.                    Its shape         was a      square, flying
500 feet     to 1000        feet in       front of         us, very slightly higher in

altitude than us, its size was about the same size as the body of

a DC-8     jet, and       with numerous exhaust pipes.                     The firing of the
exhaust jets varied, perhaps                 to     maintain         balance,        some became

stronger     than        others     and     some       became weaker than others, but

seemed controlled automatically.
     We     did     not     feel     threatened           or    in     danger       because   the

spaceship


          [Personal statement concerning JAL Flight 1628 sighting of
          unidentified air traffic, Nov. 17, 1986. Written by Capt.
          Kenju Terauchi; translated by Sayoko Mimoto, F!J. Alaskan
          Region, Airway Facilities Division. Received by FAA 1/2/87]
~Page   10~


moved ao       suddenly.      We probably             would have felt more in dangez
and would      have been      prepared to             escape if        the epaceships were

ehakin&       unsteadily     or     were       unable        to atop themselves.       It ie

impossible for any man-made machine to                        make a      sudden appearance
in front      of a   jumbo jet           that is flying 910 kilometers per hour
and to move along in a formation paralleling                         our aircraft.       The
ships moved       in formation           for about          three to five minutes, then

two ships moved forward             in    a       line,      aaain   slightly      hi&her i~
altitude as      we were,         40 degrees to our left.                 We did not report
this action to the          Anchorage Center.                Honestly,        we were simply·

breathtaken.         The     VHF     communication, both in transmitting and

receivi~g     were extremely difficult                 for    ten    or     fifteen minutes
                                                                                               I
while the little ships came close to us and often interfered with

communication from the Anchorage Center; however,                              communication

conditions      became      just     as       good     as soon as the ships left us.

There were no abnormalities in the equipment or the aircraft.                              I
have no idea why they came so close to us.
     Then      again,      there    was       a      pale    white     flat     light on the

direction where the ships flew away, moving in a line                             along with
                                                                                               i
us, in the same direction and same speed and in the same altitude

as we were.


              [Personal statement concerning JAL Flight 1628 sighting of
              unidentified air traffic, Nov. 17, 1986. Written by Capt.
              Kenju Terauchi; translated by Sayoko Mimoto, FAA Alaskan
              Region, Airway Facilities Division. Received by FAA 1/2/87]
"'Page 11 ..

Again, we beaan communicating with the Anchorage Center.                         We eaid
that we        could see a light in the 10 o'clock position at the same
altitude and wondered if they could see anything                      in their radar.
The     Anchoraae     Center     replied     that     they     see nothing in their
radar.     I thought it would be impossible              to find       anything on an
aircraft radar        if a large ground radar did not show anything but
I judged the distance of the object visually and it                      was not very
far. I     set the diaital weather radar distance in 20 miles, radar
anale to horizon.           There it was, on        the screen,       a larae, sreen, \
                                                                                           !
and a     round object         had   appeared in       seven or       eiaht miles ( 13 ~
                                                                                           i
kilometers to 15 kilometers) away,              where        the    direction     of the
object was. We reported to the Anchorage Center that our aircraft
radar caught the object within seven or eight miles in 10 o'clock ·
position.         We asked     if they     could catch it on the around radar
but did not seem they could at all.             Normally           it appears     in red
when an        aircraft radar catches another aircraft. I wonder if the
metal used in the           spaceship is    different from           ours.      While we
were communicating          with the Anchorage Center, the two pale white
lights gradually moved to            the left    side and          to left diaaonally
back 30        dearees as    if they understood our conversation and then
when they were beside our aircraft they totally                      disappeared from
our radar.


               [Personal statement concerning JAL Flight 1628 sighting of
               unidentified air traffic, Nov. 17, 1986. Written by Capt.
               Kenju Terauchi; translated by Sayoko Milnoto, FAA Alaskan
               Region, Airway Facilities Division. Received ~y FAA 1/2/87]
~Page    12A

        When they        were in       front of        us, the        ships were positioned
slightly higher · in altitude                  than we        were, but        now they placed
themselves sli1htly below the horizon where it was most difficult
for us to see.               The   distance between            us was        still about seven
miles to eight miles visually.                       When we started to see Ft. Yukon
diagonally below us at the ri1ht, the sun was setting down in the
Southwest,            painting        the      sky      in     a     slightly      red    stripe,
approximately two to three                   millimeters and              gave a   bit of li1ht
but the east side was still pitch dark.                            Far in front of us there :
were lights increasing from the U.S.                         Military Eielson         Air Force
Base     and     Fairbanks.            The     lights        were     still following us at
exactly the same distance; however, it                         was too        dark to identify
by     only     the     lights       whether     or     not        they     were   the same two
spaceships that appeared in front of                         us a     few minutes        ago.   It
seemed that           we were flying in the lighter aide and gave them the
advantage of being on the dark side.                     We had no fears            so far but
began to        worry since we had no idea for their purpose.                            When the
lights from the Eielson . Air Force Base and Fairbanks became clear
and    bri1ht,         two    very    bright lights appeared suddenly from the
North from a belt of lights, perhaps four or five mountains away.


              [Personal statement concerning JAL Flight 1628 sighting of
              unidentified air traffic, Nov. 17, 1986. Written by Capt.
              Kenju Terauchi; translated by Sayoko Mi.mote, FAA Alaskan
              Region, Airway Facilities Division. Received by FAA 1/2/87]
         The extremely bright lights reflected on snow on the side of
 the mountains and seemed even bri1hter.                            We wondered if they were
 searchini somethini           on the          1round surface           or to (attract?)lead
 somethin1.        The flight above Alaska territory is eenerally in the
 daytime and it is confusing to identify the                            kind of     lights.   It
 cannot be       a base     for the        spaceship.           Is it a movie?        There was
 something.        Oh, yes, it is the Alaska pipeline.                         The lights must
 be a pump station for the pipeline.                        I 1ot it.

         We arrived        at the       sky above the Eielson Air Force Base and
 Falrbanks.        It was a clear          nieht.             The    liehts     were extremely.
 bri1ht to       eyes that     were used             to the dark.           Bow bright it was!
                                                                                                   i
 We were just above the bright city lights and we checked the pale
 white     lieht    behind     us.             Alas!       there     was     a silhouette of aj
 sisantic spaceship.               We    must        run      away     quickly!      "Anchorage :
 Center. This       is JL      1628, requesting a change of course to· right!
                                                                                        .          I
 45 deerees"          It    felt        like     a     lone     time       before   we received
·· permission.      When we         checked our          rear there was still the ship!
                                                                                       i           I

 followin1 us;        "This is JL 1628.                Acain requesting for change the :
                                                                                                   '
 course 45       degrees to         the ri1ht."            We had to get away from thatj
 object.     "JL 1628. This is the Anchorage Center.                            We advise you, il
 continue and take 360 degree turn." "JL 1628, thank you.                               we will!
 continue 360 degree turn."


            [Personal stat~ment concerning JAL Flight 1628 sighting of
            unidentified air traffic, Nov. 17, 1986. Written by Capt.
            Kenju Terauchi; translated by Sayoko Mimoto, F.AA Alaskan
            Region, Airway Facilities Division. Received by FAA 1/2/87]


                                                                                                       ---
        I knew    that in       the past          there was a U.S. military fighter
called the mustang that had flown up hich for a                            confirmation and
a tragedy       had happened          to it.        Even       the F-15    with the newest
technology had no guarantee of safety                       against the       creature with
an   unknown      degree       of     scientific         technoloay.       We flew    toward
Talkeetna at an altitude of 3,100                    feet. The       spaceship was still
followinc us, not leaving us at all.
        About    the    same        time    a     United Airline passenger aircraft
which left Anchorage to Fairbanks flew into the same air zone and
began     communicating        with        the     Anchorage Center.         We beard them
transmitting that there was an object near JL 1628 and requesting
for confirmation. . We heard that the Anchorage Center was saying
to the United Airline aircraft                    that JL      1628 was     at an altitude
of   3,100      feet,   therefore,              United    Airline     should maintain an
altitude· of 3,300 feet.              It    sounded as         if Anchorage      Center had
the United       Airline aircraft               fly above      the spaceship.        We were
flying the       East   side         of    Mt.    McKinley.          The    United Airline
aircraft came close to us.                 The United Airline aircraft requested
us to flash landing            lichts for         visual confirmation           and we both
confirmed our       positions visually.                  The    United Airline aircraft
was coming       close to      us.         We knew       that they     were watching us.
When the United plane came by our side, the spaceship disappeared
suddenly and there was nothing but the liaht of moon.


           [Personal statement concerning JAL Flight 1628 sighting of
           unidentified air traffic, Nov. 17, 1986. Written by Capt.
           Kenju Terauchi; translated by Sayoko Mimoto, FAA Alaskan
           Region, Airway Facilities Division. Received 'by !AA 1/2/87]
        I knew    that in       the past          there was a U.S. military fighter
called the mustang that had flown up hi1h for a                            confirmation and
a tra1edy      had happened           to it.        Even       the F-15    with the newest
technology had no guarantee of safety                       a1ainst the       creature with
an   unknown      degree       of     scientific         technoloay.       We flew    toward
Talkeetna at an altitude of 3,100                    feet. The       spaceship was still
followin1 us, not leaving us at all.
     About       the    same        time    a     United Airline passenger aircraft
which left Anchorage to Fairbanks flew into the same air zone and
began    communicating         with        the     Anchora1e Center.         We beard them
transmitting that there was an object near JL 1628 and requesting
for confirmation.          We heard that the Anchorage Center was saying
to the United Airline aircraft                    that JL      1628 was      at an altitude
of   3,100    feet,     therefore,              United    Airline     should maintain an
altitude· of 3,300 feet.              It    sounded as         if Anchorage      Center had
the United       Airline aircraft               fly above      the spaceship.        We were
flying the       East   aide         of    Ht.     McKinley.         The    United Airline
aircraft came close to us.                 The United Airline aircraft requested
us to flash landing            li1hts for         visual confirmation           and we both
confirmed our       positions visually.                  The    United Airline aircraft
was coming       close to      us.         We knew       that they     were watching us.
When the United plane came by our side, the spaceship disappeared
suddenly and there was nothing but the liaht of moon.


           [Personal statement concerning JAL Flight 1628 sighting of
           unidentified air traffic, Nov. 17, 1986. Written by Capt.
           Kenju Terauchi; translated by Sayoko Mimoto, FAA Alaskan
           Region, Airway Facilities Division. Received 'by YAA 1/2/87]
~Page   16~


The strange encounter ended at 75         miles North     of Talkeetna, 150

miles    (Approximately    276   kilometers)     away   from Anchorage. It

comprised approximately 60 minutes of flight time. (line 5)


          [Personal statement concerning JAL Flight 1628 sighting of
          unidentified air traffic, Nov. 17, 1986. Written by Capt.
          Kenju Terauchi; translated by Sayoko Mimoto, FAA Alaskan
          Region, Airway Facilities Division. Received by FAA 1/2/87]
                      RECORD OF INTERVIEW WITH JAL FIRST OFFICER

On  January 5, 1987, Inspector Peter E. Beckner, AAL-207, and Japanese
Interpertor Sayoko Mimoto, FAA Airways Facilities, interviewed JAL First
Officer Takanori Tamefuji at the Federal Building, Anchorage, Alaska. The
interview was conducted for the purpose of gathering first-hand witness
testimony with regard to a sighting on November 17, 1986, by First
Officer Tamefuji of an unidentified flying object. The following is a record
of the interview:

P. Beckner    Conducted at this time in the Flight Standards Division Office,
              this is Pete Beckner with AAL-207, and we're here with First
              Officer, Mr. Tamefuji.

?             (unintelligible)

P. Beckner    Did I say that correctly?

T. Tamefuji   Tam - a - fuji.

P. Beckner    Okay, thank you, and Sayoko Mimoto from A A - ah, Airways
              Facilities in AL-400. To begin the questioning, I'd like to
              first of all ask you, um, is this the first time anything of this
              nature is, have you seen this sort of thing?

T. Tamefuji   This, this is, is my first time.

P. Beckner    First time, okay. What, if you will, if you could describe for
              me, what exactly did you see? And I'll provide the paper for you
              so, here, just kind of let me know, if you would, just describe
              what you saw. Was there more than just one thing that you saw?
              And ah, if you would just kinda put it down for ah, for me on
              paper if that's okay.

T. Tamefuji   First off      Captain Terauchi, what ah, Captain Terauchi saw
              was ah, I couldn't see.

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   And ah, first part of the incident

P. Beckner    Incident?

T. Tamefuji   Yeah.

P. Beckner    That's fine.

T. Tamefuji   Ahhh • • • about ten minutes I could see, but after that time,
              humrnmm • • • I couldn't see because of my seat is co-pilot right-
              hand side • • •

P. Beckner    Right.


                                          1


                                                                                   ------
T. Tamefuji   . . . and ah, the object was in left-hand side . . .
P. Beckner    Okay.

T. Tamefuji   . . . and very dark vision, so . . .
P. Beckner    Okay.

              . .
                •
                                                  ..
T. Tamefuji        so I couldn't see, but ah at first ah, humm,
              (unintelligibl•) what can I write    •
P. Beckner    Just kinda picture in your mind what you saw •   ..
T. Tamefuji   Humm.

P. Beckner  . . . and then put that on paper, and I'm going to shut the door
              here.

T. Tamefuji Humm, it was ah, left right clock head-on traffic • . .

P.Beckner     Okay.

T. Tamefuji   I just to see and ah, humm, left right?

P. Beckner    Yes

T. Tamefuji   Ah, in night flight head--on traffic we can see just ah,
              light •

P. Beckner    Lights, okay.

T. Tamefuji           we cannot see the total shape • • •

P. Beckner    Shape

T. Tamefuji           shape

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   ••• so (unintelligible) I thought it was ah, head-on
              traffic

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   Mmmm, so I couldn't, can't write ah, exactly   ..•
P. Beckner    Would you say it was just   ..•?
T. Tamefuji   Just light      ...
                                          ..
P. Beckner    Okay it was more than, s--was there more than like what would you
              say there was six lights     .?


                                          2
T. Tamefuji   Nol Nol

P. Beckner    . . • would you say there was a multitude of lights?
T. Tamefuji   Ah' (unintelligible) just I want to describe just ah, light, only
              light.

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   Yeah, so if ah, there was something flying, but ah, I couldn't
              see at that time.

P. Beckner    Okay, ah was there, was there clear night?

T. Tamefuji   Yes    .
P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji          . clear •
P. Beckner
                      ...
              And you could distinguish this lights as being different from the
              star      ?.


T. Tamefuji   NNNooo     .
P. Beckner    . . • from the stars?
T. Tamefuji   Different is fine.

?. Beckner    Okay (unintelligible) Alright ah um. How was it first detected?
              Was it ~ someone saw it visually, or did you see it on radar?
              Who, well, how was it first found?

T. Tamefuji   What's found, humm?

P. Beckner    Er, first sighted?

T.Tamefuji    Ah, as you know, all the crew ah

P. Beckner    Right

T. Tamefuji   . . . must watch outside?
P. Beckner    Right

T. Tamefuji   So ah, I must watch instrument and ah, outside so, and ah, as
              normal flight so r· have traffic inside, also Captain traffic,
              inside, but ah, I'm not sure but a engineer landing calculate so
              he was just sit down back desk calculate • • •

P. Beckner    (unintelligible)

T. Tamefuji   departing direction


                                          3

                                                                                  -
                                                              '


P. Beckner    Right
T. Tamefuji   • • • so maybe he couldn't see at that time, but the Captain and
              me (unintelligible) have ah, had traffic inside • • •

P. Beckner    Visually saw • • •

T. Tamefuji   Yes
P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   (unintelligible) I saw there was two small aircraft.

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   And two small aircraft(unintelligible)

P. Beckner    niat's what you saw?

T. Tamefuji   Yes

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   And ah, and ah, I ask Captain ah, we should ask ATC so ah, I Air
              Traffic • • •

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   • • • So as I thought, ah, very same similiar altitude and
              Captain said, ah, hum, I don't remember exactly but ah, ah, he
              said ~ah, but a little bit high or same level, but I though
              little bit lower, you can know • • •

P. Beckner    Right

T. Tamefuji   ••• it is very difficult to (unintelligible) head-on
              traffic • • •

P. Beckner    Right

T. Tamefuj1   •    . • so ah . . .
P. Beckner    It was actually at your twelve o'clock   ...
T. Tamefuji   No

P. Beckner    •    . • then .
T. Tamefuji   Slightly •

P. Beckner    • • • or slightly •    .•

                                          4
T. Tamefuji               . left--hand and ah, ten or eleven . . .
P. Beckner      Ten or eleven?

T. Tamefuji     Right

P. Beckner      Okay

T. Tamefuji     And I thought that it was low ••           .
P. Beckner      Okay

T. Tamefuji
                                                          ...
                And' (unintelligible) I thought ah, traffic way, I image aircraft
                ah, lighting, navigation lights

P. Be'ckner     Right

T. Tamefuji                and landing lights    ...
P. Beckner      Okay

T. Tamefuji     (unintelligible) .... light

P. Beckner      Right

T. Tamefuji           but ah, it is my (unintelligible) for now I thought it was
                an aircraft so •

s. Mimoto ·     I thought it was an aircraft.

P.' Beckner     Okay

s. Mi mo to     Ah    .
P. Beckner      Did you in your mind try to make it            ...
T. Tamefuji     Yes

P. Bec kner     • •    . look like an aircraft?
T. Tame f uji   Yeah

P. Bec kner     I can do the same thing,         ...
T. Tamef uj i   Yes

P. Beckner                • so ah   . . . I understand.
T. Tamefu j i   And , but ah , very strange ah, I ah, it was too many lights   ...
P. Beckner      Too many?

T. Tamefuji     Yes


                                                 5
P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   But so it was so luminous, I don't mean luminous ah, it was too
              much forever.

P. Beckner    Right, okay.   How 'bout the colors of the lights?   Is that
              also •

T. Tamefuji   Humm, might Captain, maybe for different thing and Mr. Fukuda,
              maybe different thing, but ah, ah I say it was the aircraft so I
              thought but actually I think •

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   . . . I think ah, salmon, just like Christmas assorted
P. Beckner    Okay, okay assorted.

T. Tamefuji   ••• and ah, I remember, red or orange, hum, and a white landing
              light, just like landing light. And weak green, ah,
              blinking • • •

S. Mimoto     Flashing • ..
P. Beckne     Flashing • . .

s. Mimoto     • • • blinking, blinking

P.e Beckner   Blinking

s. Mimoto     (~nintelligible)   yes

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   How should I say - looks just like this, (hand-signs were made by
              Mr. Tamefuji) moving like in one •

s. Himoto     Oh, swinging

P. Beckner    Swinging?

T. Tamefuji   (Japanese)

P. Beckner    Movement

T. Tamefuji   Yes, and ah, ah if there was, there are ah, how should I say,
              very good formation flight • • •

P. Beckner·   Close formation flight?

T. Tamefuji   Yes close.


                                         6
P. Beckner    Okay • • • Does - I - I did not meet the Captain so I don't know,
              but does he wear glasses?

T. Tamefuji   Humm, no

P. Beckner    No, do you wear glasses, sir?
T. Tamefuji   Humm, • • •

P. Beckner    For flying.

T. Tamefuji   Oh , I use, but ah, at that time I don't wear, but ah, I how
              should I say • • • but I do use it •

s. Mimoto     He usually wears glasses but at that time he was not wearing
              glasses •

T. Tamefuji   No, I don not mean it.     I normally do not wear glasses.

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   The licensing requires me to wear glasses.

s. Mi mo to   Oh'    I'm sorry, he didn't mean that.

T. Tamefuji   I need no glasses in daily life.

s. Mi mo to   Oh, in daily life he does not wear glasses.

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   But, ah , ah, result of the physical exam, I am required to ~to
              wear glasses • • •
s. Mimoto     Oh, okay •    ..
P. Beckner    (unintelligible)

s. Mimoto     The physical requires him to wear glasses.

P. Beckner    Okay , how ' bout - how 'bout the flight engineer, does he   ...
T. Tamefuji   Hummm   ...
P. Beckner            do you remember if he wore • • •

T. Tamefuji   I don't remember.

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   But ah, I have numerous visions    . ..
S. Mimoto     (unintelligible )


                                          7                                       .-
P. Beckner     Okay

T. Tamefuji    . . . and I use ah, humm • • • how should I say?
S. Mimoto      I will riot - I do not need to wear glasses in daily life.

P. Beckner     Okay, okay. Now - the time of the incident, when - when you guys
               first saw the objects, ah what were th~ lighting conditions
               outside? Was it dark • • •

T. Tamefuji    Hum

P. Beckner         • or was it dusk?    Or was the sun still up er, how would you
               describe     .?

T. Tamefuji    Just after sunset    .
P. Beckner     Just after sunset.

T. Tamefuji    (unintelligible)

P. Beckner     Right

T. Tamefuji    . • . dark, dark red.
P. Beckner     Dark red, okay.

r. Tamefuji    But almost dark I must say night •

P. Beckner     Okay, you could see the stars real clearly?

T. Tamefuji    Yes, yes.

P. Beckner     Okay.   Okay, was the - what you saw - was it real obvious to you?

T. Tamefuji    Yes

P. Beckner     Okay.   Ah, at what point did you see it on the radar?

T. Tamefuj i   Humm, what point mean?

P. Beckner     What - you saw the lights, and then how much later before you saw
               something on the radar? On your - your radar in the aircraft, or
               did you see it on the radar?

T. Tamefuj i   I just don't understand.

S. Mimoto      When did you see the object on the radar?

T. Tamef uji   Oh , and , hum ah, I can't tell you exactly • • •

P. Beckner     Well ah • • •


                                          8                                         -.--
T. Tamefuji          . but ah, at first we have in flight . . .
?             Hum huh.

                  . at ATC, air traffic, and no traffic, so
              suprised .
T. Tamefuji                                                           .....   we are


P. Beckner    Yeah . . .

T. Tamefuji   ••• and ah, Captain operates the radar •••

P. Beckner    Radar, okay yeah • • •

T. Tamefuji            and so Captain ah, try to search object by the radar •••

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji            we fix - ah, give to ten minutes (unintelligible).

P. Beckner    Okay, and then what did you see on the rad ~were you able to see
              the radar from where you were sitting?

T. Tamefuji   ?

P. Beckner    Okay, what did you see on the radar as far as • • •

T. Tamefuji   Humm, just like ah - ah, traffic, other traffic, but ah, I
              thought a little bit large • • •

P. Becker     Um hum

T. Tamefuji            echos

P. Beckner    Larg~ echos, okay.
              radar in - in the •
                                  Was it ah, what        -   I understand you have color


r. Tamefuji   Yes

P. Beckner           . aircraft. What color was the . . .?
r. Tamefuji   Humm I thought ah, green.

P. Beckner    Green?

T. Tamefuji   Yes

P. Beckner    Okay.     And about what range did   -   did yoiJ
                                                                  -did you guys        . . .?
r. Tamefuji   Humm, twenty miles    ...
P. Beckner    Twenty?


                                          9
T. Tamefuji            and ah, seven to eight miles to object.

P. Beckner    Okay, from you, from you. Did it pretty much maintain that
              po.sition for most of the flight?

T. Tamefuji   Humm, ah

P. Beckner    Or did it move around a whole lot, or did it       ...
T. Tamefuji   No, no (unintelligible) oblong?

P. Beckner    Right

T. Tamefuji         so ah, hummm, don't - it didn't move just like this, just
              like this

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji       • just like a other traffic stay on, but ah, I can't say, it
              was moving or not moving.

P. Beckner    Ckay, it sort of seemed to stay in formation with you, would that
              be •••

T. Tamefuji   Hummmm •

P. Beckner    • • • seven to eight mile formation?

T. Tamefuji   Hummm, formation means same position?

P. Beckner    Right - same general direction in this case.

T. Tamefuji    Oh •

P. Beckner    Seem to travel with you?

T. Tamefuji   Hlimm, I saw ah, light, just like landing lights, so ah, I'm pilot
              it ha.s landing light so, head-on traffic

P. Beckner    Right.

T. Tamefuji   • • • at that time, but ah, I can ~ I cannot say which direction
              they move.

P. Beckner    Okay, okay. 'Ibis head-on traffic, how long did you see this
              total, the length of time that you saw it?

T. Tamefuji   Humm, humm

P. Beckner    Just you.

T. Tamefuji   Humm, five minutes at first in.side and ah, five minutess Captain
              and ATC call short conversation • • •


                                          10
P. Beckner    Conversation, right.

T. Tamefuji   ••• (unintelligible) hummm, hummm I can't say (unintelligible)
              five minutes • • •

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji         hum.mm, and ah, I have ah, monitoring, monitor so inside and
              outside • • •

P. Beckner    Okay, inside and an outside, yeah.

T. Tamefuji           ah, while doing those, it became unvisible.

s. Mimoto     While looking outside and looking on the inside, and then so he
              couldn't see anymore.

P. Beckner    Okay, so - you sa - you saw the head-on traffic - whatever we
              want to call that - for about five, five minutes, ten minutes,
              somewhere in there?

T. Tamefuji   Humm, yes

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   Yeah

P. Beckner    Okay, ah, was there anything else that you saw aside from this -
              from this pattern here, was there, was there anything else that
              you saw?

T. Tamefuji   Humm, you mean ah, other stars or what?

P. Beckner    Other than, I mean as far as these obj - the objects were
              concerned, was there any other ah, features that you saw, was
              there any shape that you saw, or you just saw the head-on light?

T. Tamefuji   Yes, and of course it ah, was clear so ground you could see •••

P. Beckner    Okay you saw • • •

T. Tamefuji   • • • but ah, hummm, how should I say, but ah, the traffic, I
              mean the UFO • • •

P. Beckner    Yes

T. Tamefugi          • it's ah, so, I'm sure it was not on ground • • •

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   (unintelligible)


                                          11
P. Beckner    Yeah, could you see the horizon, the •••

T. Tamefuji   Yes

P. Beckner    . . • mountains?
T. Tamefuji   Yes, ah, perfect.

P. Beckner    Right
T. Tamefuji   'This is ah, horizon

P. Beckner    Of the horizon?

T. Tamefuji   . . . and I could see • • •
P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   .•   . . the horizon •
P. Beckner    Okay.     So these were above the horizon line?

T. Tamefuji   (unintelligible) I don't mean ah, (unintelligible)

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   Ah, we can see the flying over aircraft ah, near the
              horizon

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   (unintelligible)

P. Beckner    Right

T. Tamefuji          • so • •   .
P. Beckner    You saw this •        .•
T. Tamefuji   . . . I cannot say it was ah, (unintelligible)
P. Beckner    Okay, okay, um somewhere down, I guess by Fairbanks area, you
              guys, the Captain or yourself requested a 360?
T. Tamefuji   Mmmm hum

P. Beckner    Did ·you happen to see the object while in the 360?

T. Tamefuji   Humm, the pilot was right-hand •    ..
P. Beckner    Right-hand turn, right?

T. Tamefuji   Humm, so I watch, what •    ..
                                          12
P. Beckner     Right

T. Tamefuji            so I couldn't find what Captain saw.

P. Beckner     Okay, you were flying the aircraft then, is that correct?

T. Tamefuji    Ah, yes
p, Beckner     Okay

T. Tamefuji    But ah, um, I saw (unintelligible) ah, Captain said ah, UFO big,
               quite big Captain said, and how should I say ~so I tried doing
               this • • •

S. Mimoto      I looked all over the place.

T. Tamefuji    And the Captain was in the way(Japanese).

s. Mimoto      Oh so Captain was in the way.

P. Beckner     Well, okay he was in the way of you seeing?

T. Tamefuji    Yes, and ah, some ah, pillar, window pillars    ...
P. Beckner     Oh, pillars?

T. Tamefuji    Yeah

P.·· Beckner   Okay

T. Tamefuji          so ah, we, ah, I couldn't see well, but some hum, hum
               this - this is not exact picture, but ah, like similiar like
               aircraft is (unintelligible) • • •

P. Beckner     Okay

T. Tamefuji    I dark is background, but I - you cannot say it was UFO or not.

P. Beckner     Okay, was it different then what you saw here?

T. Tamefuji    Completely different.

P. Beckner     Completely different, okay.     But was it brighter, were these
               brighter, er • • • ?

T. Tamefuji            brighter •

P. Beckner     These are brighter?

T. Tamefuji    Yes, ah •

P. Beckner     The first sighting was brighter?


                                          13
T. Tamefuji    Yes

P~   Beckner   Ckay, the head.:.-Ons were brighter?

T. Tamefuji    Er, yes
P. Beckner     Okay, um • was there anything else on the radar that you were
               able to see, or was that the only target that you had on the
               radar?
T. Tamefuji    Ch yes, and ah, I think ah, Captain tilt • • •

P. Beckner     Tilt right

T. Tamefuji    ••• and ah, a certain tilt angle could catch the object •     ..
P. Beckner     Okay, so, so was there anything else showing on the radar •

T. Tamefuji    Hummm

P. Beckner     (unintelligible)

T. Tamefuji    ••• that should be something spot or ground-echo, ah, • •         ?

P. Beckner     (unintelligible) • •    ~   okay

T. Tamefuji    ...   ah, I - I have many experience ah, ah, aircraft 1 echo or
               radar screen • • • , echo • • •

P. Beckner     Right

T. Tamefuji    ••• yeah, ah, so I could identify that is • • • ah aircraft
               echo • • • I have many experiences before in checking oncoming
               aircrafts on a radar.

s. Mimoto      I experienced often in checking oncoming aircraft on radar
               before.

T. Tamefuji    Just like ah traffic.

P. Beckner     Okay •    ..
T. Tamefuji          • just the right (unintelligible)   . . • talking.
P. Beckner     ..  • so what you saw was similiar to what you seen before, when
               you were picking up other traffic?

T. Tamefuji    Yes

P. Beckner     Ckay, okay, um, the lighting conditions, I talked about the
               lighting conditions outsid~. How 'bout the lighting conditions
               inside the aircraft? Were there cockpit lights on • • •


                                             14
T. Tamefuji   Hummm, no   ...
P. Beckner           • and all that sort of stuff or •

T. Tamefuji          • hummm, it was for night flights seeting.

P. Beckner    Right, okay.

T. Tamefuji   Bright, it looked bright

P. Beckner    Not bright but • • •

T. Tamefuji   Dim

P. Beckner        • dim, okay. Was there? Was there any attempt to - did you
              guys turn them down all the ways, or • • •

T. Tamefuji   Hummmm • • •

P. Beckner    • • • what you saw outside couldn't have possibly, could have
              possible been a reflection or something from inside the cockpit?

T. Tamefuji   Hummmm •

P. Beckner    I'm just, just asking    ...
T. Tamefuji   Yeah, yeah   ... I understand that •
              is not possibility what you think    .     Ah'   I - I want to say there

' Beckner
P.            Okay of reflection •    ..
T. Tamefuju           ah, no.

P. Beckner    Okay. Was the light turned all the way off just to see if it
              made any difference, er • • • ?

T. Tamefuji   Um •

P. Beckner    • • • do you remember if - if you did that, er, the Captain may
              have done it?

T. Tamefuji   Umm, ah, I was very busy, so, ah, I • • •
P. Beckner    That's right you were the flying pilot •••

T. Tamefuji   Yes, and ah, 150 feet    ...
P. Beckner    Yeah

T. Tamefuji   • • • and so, but ah, maybe, maybe not good word but, maybe ah,
              Captain try down dark • darker • • •


                                           15                                            .•
P. Beckner    Okay, darker, okay

T. Tamefuji   ..  • and ah, I flight engineer calculator (unintelligible) so he
              had ah • • •

P. Beckner    So he had a spot on his table?

T. Tamefuji   Yes

P. Beckner    By the engineer table?

T. Tamefuji   Yes, I - when I saw, but ah, cockpit was ah, dark.

P. Beckner    Okay.    Ah, what size would you estimate this - this object to be?
T. Tamefuji   Hummm, it is hard to say, but - ummm, I thought it was ah, ah, I
              thought it was larger than ah, aircraft.

s. Mimoto     What kinds of aircrafts?

T. Tamefuji   An originally oncoming aircraft     ...
s. Mimoto     It feels like it's larger than normal airplane.     Oncoming
              airplane • • •

P. Beckner
                              ..
              Okay. Okay. Ah, did you notice any magnetic disturbances, ah,
              the compass •

T. Tamefuji   tb • • •
.
P. Beckner          • swing or anything •    ..
T. Tamefuji   . . • but ah, um,    I think you have ATC tape of that time?

P. Beckner    Rigbt

T. Tamefuji   And controllers tape, ah, said that several times you're
              garbling • • •

P. Beckner    No • • •

T. Tamefuji   • • • but ah, my English is so hee • • • how should I said that
              reasoning • • • I thought perhaps the air traffic controller did
              not understand my English, so, he said 'garbling'.

s. Mimoto     Oh , maybe Air Traffic Control did not understand my English,
              so

P. Beckner    No

s. Mimoto           • he was pol i te and said 'garbling'

P. Beckner    • • • sai d (unintelligible) gover nment garble, okay.


                                            16
T. Tamefuji   (unintelligible) but ah • • •

s. Mimoto     Tilat 1 s the way I thought • • •

P. Beckner    Was that all the way, the whole length of the trip? He felt
              that, er, er, was it just during this period of time when you
              were working with • • •

T. Tamefuji   Oh yeah, hurnmm

P. Beckner           • when you were asking him about the other traffic?

T. Tamefuji   Yes

P. Beckner    Okay, How 'bout later on in the flight?      Did he ask you to say
              again, you're garbled, er • • • ?

T. Tamefuji   No, no

P. Beckner    • • • okay, just •    ..
T. Tamefuji   • • • just ah, ah, from Pottat, Alaska til • • •

P. Beckner    Right

T. Tamefuji         and ah, radar contact with controllers, and ah, there was
              no garbling •

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji          • ah, at that time.

P. Beckner    And your initial contact was Center?

T. Tamefuji   Yes

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   It clear after that moment.

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   (unintelligible)

P. Beckner    How 'bout navigation, did you notice any navigation interference,
              ah • • • ?

T. Tamefuji   (unintelligible)

P. Beckner    • • • I understand you're on I N S, so there, there is no problem
              there, okay . Was there any turbulance, did the airplane
              experience any turbulance anytime you saw this, the objects?/


                                           17
T. Tamefuji     (unintelligible)

P~   Beckner    Okay.   How ' bout the autopilot, did ... was it· on autopilot?

T~   Tamefuji   Yes
p~   Beckner    Oka y, did the autopilot kick off?

T. Tamefu ji    No

P. Bec kner     Er ' it stayed on all the time?
T. Tamefu j i   No

P. Beckner      Oka y. Um, let me just read my notes here and see if I have got
                everything I needed to ask you about. You say that you had
                suggested to the Captain that you call Center and ask if they had
                any targets?

T. Tamefu ji    Hum •

P. Beckner      About how long after you first saw this did you go' b--before
                as king about calling Center?

T. Tamefu ji    Hummm, hum - at fi r st in my mind

P. Bec kner     Right , yeah

T. Tamefu j i   . . • and conversation so it was not too long but, ah ... hummm, I
                can 't say exactly but two or three minutes.

P. Bec kner     Okay , okay . Um ... Was the Captain the first one to spot the ob ...
                the ah, lights?

T. Tamefu j i   The who?

P. Beckner      First saw the object?

T. Tamefuj1     Hummm , I thi nk ah , at the same time, almost.

P. Beckner      Clcay

T. Tamefuji     But ah, it i s not impossible to at same time     ...
P. Beckner      Right, but     .• .
T. Tamefuji     (uninte ll igible )

P. Beckner      . . . but ... but communi cati ng , ye ah.
T. Tamefuji     Humm! um, not so much di fferent between     .• .

                                             18

                                                                                        -
P. Beckner      Okay.     So pretty much at the same time you both saw it?
T~   Tamefuji   Right

P. Beckner      And at that time it was ten to eleven?

T. Tamefuji     Hummm, I thought.

P. Beckner      That IS what I'm asking is what you thought?

T. Tamefuji     Yeah

P. Beckner      Okay.     Um·.   Okay we discussed the ah, turn, the 360?

T. Tamefuji     Um hum

P. Beckner      I understand somewhere in the flight you guys also descended from
                3, 5, O to 3, 1, O?

T. Tamefuji     Yes

P. Beckner      Did ~did the object stay with you at that point, or did the
                lights stay with you, or whatever?

T. Tamefuji      Humm, hum at that time • • •

P. Beckner      At that time did you still have them in sight?

T. Tamefuji     Yes, but ah, different.

P. Beckner      Um hum

T. Tamefuji     Ah, the object was different side the captain's side so I can
                not • • •

P. Beckner      Okay you could not see it, okay.       So you actually saw it only for
                about five to ten minutes?

T. Tamefuji     fllmmm, I think so.

P. Beckner      Ah, because I understand that the ~ the target was ah, not
                target, but the item, object, lights, whatever, were in sight for
                upwards of around fifty minutes, total. That's what the Captain
                saw, was about that length of time.

T. Tamefuji     Umm, um

P. Beckner      And ah, but I understand that from where you were sitting you
                might not have been able to see it as long as he could have?

T. Tamefuji     Yeah

P. Beckner      Especially during the turn?


                                              19
T. Tamefuji   Yeah

P. Beckner    Okay. Were there any other ah " was there any other aircraft?
              Did you see any other aircraft during that particular flight?
T. Tamefuji   No ah, no other ATC ah, I mean ah, um, as • • •
P. Beckner    Right

T. Tamefuji          • and ah •

P. Beckner    You didn't see any other aircraft at all?

T. Tamefuji   In last part of the incident United Air •

P. Beckner    Right

r. Tamefuji              ah, from Anchorage.

P. Beckner    Hum, huh

T. Tamefuji   . . • And we can ... what's that . ... we could see • • •
P. Beckner    You could see (unintelligible)

T. Tamefuji   United

P. Beckner    Okay you could see United • • •

T. Tamefuji   (unintelligible)

P. Beckner    Okay, did he ... did United when you saw him was he flashing his
              lights at you or anything, er just normal nav lights, er •

T. Tamefuji   Humm •

P. Beckner               do you remember what • • • ?

T. Tamefuji   Humm, remember, just she passed my left-hand side • • •

P. Beckner    Hum huh

T. Tamefuji   • • • and ah, I can't say.
P. Beckner    Okay.       Okay ah, did the intensity of these lights change, at
              all    &


T. Tamefuji   Humm •••

P. Beckner    • • • or were they pretty much the same intensity for the time
              that you saw them?


                                               20
T. Tamefuji    Hummm, was it a change of intensity? How should I say • , , ?
               On and off but became stronger ah, became weaker, became
               stronger, became weake, different from the strobe lights.

s. Mimoto      Some got stronger, and changed to weaker stronger again then
               weaker, and stronger, weaker •

P. Beckner     Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, ah, you mentioned the lights that
               you've shown me here. This pattern that you've shown me here,
               the Captain has also, shown us also. But just so I, make sure I
               understand everything here, let me just show you ah, the details
               of what the Captain - and I don't know if you've seen these or
               not, but you've • • •

T. Tamefuji    Hum, hum

P. Beckner     This was in the newspaper here in Anchorage, for example. And
               this shows a similiar type pattern is what you have here •

T. Tamefuji    Humm

P. Beckner           but I just wonder if you - you also may have seen this
               particular ah, shape or ah, object?

T. Tamefuji    Hummm

P. Beckner     And you can probably read what is - is written here so, just
               kinda read that over, and • • • Do you remember seeing anything
               like that yourself?

T. Tamefuji    Humm, I don't see ah, anything like this, but ah, as I told •••

P. Beckner     Yeah, this ah

T. Tamefuji          and you if, we can connect these lights - are - it will be
               a big object but, ah

P. Beckner     Right

T. Tamefuji    I can not just ~there are some lights ahead or not.

P. Beckner     Okay, that was during the turn • • • ?

T. Tamef uji   No ah, I think it was before turn • • •

P. Bec kn er   Oh okay

T. Tamef uji   • •• and ah, we of course we convesed a lot and • • •

s. Mimoto      We are talking, discussing    ...
T. Tamefuji    And while we were talking I saw it momentarily.


                                        21

                                                                                  ----
s. Mimoto     While conversation was going, I peeked out and momentarily I saw
              it.

P. Beckner    You saw this, okay. Um, after the turn. Were you able to see
              anything anymore, like this light pattern here?

T. Tamefuji   No

P. Beckner    Ckay, er this - this pattern here?
T. Tamefuji   Humm, no.

P. Beckner    Okay. And tha - so that was the last time you saw it, was prior
              to the turn • • •

T. Tamefuji   Humm

P. Beckner    Okay, okay. Well sir, that's all I can think to ask you. Is
              there anything you'd like ta - to further add ~ and give us some
              more understanding to what you folks saw up there?

T. Tamefuju   Humm, no well, I am certain that I saw something.

s. Mimoto     Well I'm - I'm sure I saw something.

T. Tamefuji   It was clear enough to make me believe taht there was an oncoming
              aircraft.

s. Mimoto     '!his is clearly enough to make me believe it was an oncoming
              airplane.

P. Beckner    Okay

T. Tamefuji   '!hat's the starting point of this story.

s. Mimoto     'Iha~'s   the beginning of this story.

P. Beckner    No the story, ah, (laughter). Cl<ay um, well that pretty much
              concludes the questions I have for you. And again I appreciate
              you coming in. Especially on such short notice. And Sy I
              appreciate you coming in also on such short notice. So thank you
              very much •

T. Tamefuji   And ah, can I ask one question?
P. Beckner    Sure

T. Tamefuji   Ah, I read the FAA news hummm, ah, humm, I found military radar
              picked up some kind of target on their radar. (unintelligible)
              What type of understanding?

P. Beckner    Umm, I'm not sure what they seen on that radar, right at the
              present moment.


                                          22
T. Tamefuji   Ah huh

P. Beckner    And um, let me just do this.     I can find out and let you know.

T. Tamefuji   Arid ah, well Saturday ah, ah, TV interview from New York.

P. Beckner    Oh is that right.

T. Tamefuji   Yeah

P. Beckner    Ch

T. Tamefuji   And ah, the interview said military, some kind of commander I
              don't remember, but, ah, some military •••

P. Beckner    Military ~military ah, commander?

T. Tamefuji   Ah, how should I say, but some personnel from military said this
              was a weather interference.

S. Mimoto     And this military commander said it was a weather interfere •••
              interference.

P. Beckner    (unintelligible)

T. Tamefuji   Ah, on the radar

s. Mi mo to   On the radar

P. Beckner    Okay, that I ... that I don't know, um

T. Tamefuji   But ah, it was clear sky, so •   ..
P. Beckner    Right

T. Tamefuji           there's no possibility of weather interference.

P. Beckner    On the weather, interference, okay. Well I'll do this, I will
              find out what the result of the analysis is on those. We're
              going to eventually get that anyway. And I'll let you know what
              we have. Okay? I have your phone number so I'll do that. Okay?

T. Tamefuji   Yes


                                         23
                                                                ...


A JAL flight engineer, Yoshie Tsukuba, was interviewed by Pete
Beckner of FAA on January 15, 1987, through an interpreter,
Sayoko Mimoto, regarding to the UFO which had been sighted on the
17th of November, 1986, by Captain Terauchi.

Beckner:      Describe what you saw.

Tsukuba:      May I speak in Japanese?

Beckner:      Oh! Yes, please.
Mimoto:       Oh! yes, please.

Tsukuba:      The first tima I saw it was through the Ll window, at
              the 11 o'clock position.        It looked larger than
              navigation lights.  I do not remember · exactly how many
              of those <lights> were there but cluster5 of lights
              were undulating.

Beckner:      What was the color of those lights, was it green?

Tsukuba:      I can not describe the       details   but   it         was   white or
              amber colored lights.

Beckner:      When you saw the object was it obvious to you?                 Did you
              notice it immediately?

Tsukuba:      Yes, it was.   I noticed it immediately.

Beckner:      Did it stay with you at position 11 o'clock?                  How long
              did you see this object?

Tsukuba:      Yes, approximately 5 minutes, 10 minutes, I think I saw
              it for about 10 minutes after I sighted it the first
              time. The reason is because the Captain wanted to take
              pictures. His camera bag was placed behind his seat,
              beside mine, and I handed it to him.   But he could not
              take pictures, so I placed his camera bag beside my
              seat again. Sa I think it took about 10 minutes.

Be c kn er:   Why could he not take any pictures?

Ts ukuba:     We ll, his camera is Alpha 7,000, with film ASA 100. He
              could not operate it wall.        I mean the operating
              procedure of the camera was not understood well.

Beckner:      What kind of camera did he hav•?


                                       1
Tsukuba:   Alpha 7,000.   It is made by Minoruta.            I wonderwhat it
           is called in America.


Beckner:   Have you seen this kind of thing before? Was this the
           first time anything of this nature has happened to you?

Tsukuba:    Yes, this was the first tima.

Beckner:   Who first sighted the object?

Tsukuba:   I do not know which person picked it up first. I was
           making a landing data. The Captain told us tc sea if
           there is a some kind cf object outsid•.

Beckner:   Did you see the radar?

Tsukuba:   Whan the   Captain   told    ma     ta    look, I could se• th•
           radar.

Beckner:   Were you able to see it on radar?         What did you     sea on
           th• radar?

Tsukuba:   Yes, a green dot like, not exactly like a dot.    It was
           not a dot, but stream like, I think the rang• was about
           10 miles.   I do not think it     <on tha radar> was the
           same lights as the one I saw in front of us.

Beckner:   How was the intensity of the lights?         Did th• intensity
           of the objects' lights change?

Tsukuba:   Basically th• same.  I cannot d•5criba it. Not even in
           Japanese. Th• first one did not change.      Tha second
           light was vary difficult to see.  It was so vagua.

Beckner:   Was any other target picked up on radar?

Tsukuba1   I cannot ram•mber.       Tha tilt    angle of      th• radar was
           difficult to see.

Beckn•r:   Difficult to ramamber, on     the radar,      did you    have to
           lock for tha object?

Tsukuba:   I identified immediately th• one in front of us •

Becknar:   At the    time of sighting,         how    were    the   lighting
           conditions outside?


                                 2
Tsukuba:     It was just at sunset at right front of us. There was
             a stripe of red line and almost dark, it was almost
             pitch dark behind us.

Beckner:     How was the lighting conditions inside the cockpit?


Tsukuba:     We had night illumination at above sideways.      I was
             using a spot light while calculating the data.     I do
             not remember whether the Captain had the lights turned
             off or not.   There is a switch that can turn the light
             to regular fluorescent or to dark.  It was set to dark.

Beckner:     How long   did you see the object?

Tsukuba:     The one in front of us, as I mentioned earlier,   I saw
             it for about 10 minutes, then, tha one on our left sida
             at 9 o'clock, together, a total     of 30 minutes. The
             lights in front of us and the other one were of two
             absolutely different nature of lights.

Beckner:     Would you show us what they looked like on this paper?

Tsukuba:     The lights in front of us were clusters of lights like
             this.  I think they were made of two parts. How should
             I say this, but the lights were shaped like windows of
             a passenger aircraft.

·aeckner:    What was the shape of the object like?

Tsukuba: .   I do not know.    It was just lights.  Tha one in front
             of us was like an aircraft viewed from another aircraft
             which was ours.

Beckner:     Did-the object move with your aircraft when you changed
             direction or altitude?

Tsukuba:     When we saw the first one in front of us, we did not
             change the heading, but the second one, it was really
             hard to see, I had to try real hard to see it, so we
             changed heading.   I think the object was with us when
             w• changed altitude. When we changed altitude, I could
             not sea.   The Captain said it was still there, so I
             felt like it was there.

Beckner:     Did you see another aircraft?

Tsukuba:     I saw United Air Line.

Beckner:     Any other lighted, or unlighted objects?


                                      3
Tsukuba:     When the United aircraft was passing by, we were seeing
             th• second lights.

Backnar:     Did the intensity of lights change?

Tsukuba:     T~e  first lights I saw was unchanged until they
             disappeared. Tha second one, it was so hard to see.
             In my mind, I am not certain whether it was lights of a
             distant town or a strange object.
Beckner:     What were the weather conditions?
Tsukuba:     It was clear.

Bec.k ner:   Did you sea any stars?

Tsukuba:     I think thera were stars 9 but •••

Beckner:     Any magnetic disturbanca?

Tsukuba:     No.

Beckner:     Were there any instrument fluctuations on your Flight
             Enginaar·s panel during tha objects presanca?

Tsukuba:     No 9 it didn•t <there waren·t>.

Beckner:     Do you wear glasses?

·Tsukuba:    No, I don·t.

Beckner:     Was there any r•flaction en th• insida cf tha glass?

Tsukuba:     Reflection?     What do you mean?

Mi mote:     Did you s•• any reflection           cf inside lights on tha
             aircraft window . glass?

Tsukuba:     No. there was not any.

Backner:     Would you like to add anything?      Do you hava any
             qu•stions?     W• hav• com• here and interviewed you a
             lot.   Is there anything wa can answer regM"ding your
             questions?


                                      4
  Tsukub~:           The points I    would like to reinforce are that the
                     lights in front of us were different from town lights.
                     I can not describe the shape.   I am not as certain as I
                     am about the lights on the left side.     I  do not know
                     what the shape of the objects was.     So I am sure that
                     the lights that were in front of us were different from
                     town lights.  When I was interviewed here at the first
                     time by FAA personnel,   I  was not sure whether the
                     object was an UFO or not.        My mind has not changed
                     since then.


 -~          /   .        -
                      . . .. .. _~


~~f;L ~?. ___ .____ ---··
  Peter E. Beckner                               Sayoko D. Mimcto
  A.S.I.                                         Interpreter
                                                                               • !


                          ; .                    I
                                         ..,     i

                                                 'h
                          l ,I
                          I.


                   . . .. ,.                 .
                               ·... , ·...

                                                     -,                                    -   I


       l- -.   .


                                                                      1?-
                                                          . t ~ ~1 t.l/rl!C4
                                                                 J

                                                          w~ F~.
                                                          s~ A5'r    , , :oo


                                                                               \
                                                           ~-tllOO


                                                                                     I .


I .
  'b
                              PERSONNEL STATEMENT

                        FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
                   Anchorage Air Route Traffic Control Center

                                                January 6, 1987


The following is a report concerning the incident to Japan Airlines Flight
1628 (JL1628) North of Fairbanks, Alaska on November 18, 1986 at 0218 UTC.

My name is Carl E. Henley (HC). I am employed as an Air Traffic Control
Specialist by the Federal Aviation Administration at the Anchorage Air
Route Traffic Control Center (ARTCC), Anchorage, Alaska.

During the period of 2030 UTC, November 18, 1986, to 0430 UTC, November
18, 1986 I was on duty in the Anchorage ARTCC. I was working the R/Dl5
position from 0156 UTC, November 18, 1986 to 0230 UTC, and the Rl5
position from 0230 UTC, November 18, 1986 to 0258 UTC, November 18, 1986.

I am making this statement to clarify certain points            in my   original
statement dated November 19, 1986.

Ref paragraph 4:

I stated in paragraph four that several times I had several primary
returns where JL1~28 reported traffic; in actuality I observed three types
of targets.   I saw tentative radar targets which showed up as a (-)
symbols~  I saw (+) symbols that indicate radar only tracks. I also saw
non run lenth targets which show up as a (.) symbols.

Additionally, I stated the traffic stayed with JL1628 through turns and
descent, this information was what I received from JL 1628.


                                                Air Traffic Control
                                                Anchorage ARTCC
                                                                                         ,,,,----...... '
                                                                                        ( i (", "
                                                                                        ~i


                                  PERSONNEL STATEMENT

                            FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                       Anchorage Air Route Traffic Control Center


     The following is a report concerning     the   incident   to   aircraft   JL1628    on
     November 18 , 1986 at 0230 UTC.

     My name is Carl E. Henley (HC)      I am employed as an Air Traffic Control
     Specialist by the Federal Aviation Administration at the Anchorage Air Route
     Traffic Control Center, Anchorage, Alaska.

     During the period of 2030 UTC, November 17, 1986, to 0430 UTC, November 18,
     1986 I was on duty in the Anchorage ARTCC.       I was working the Dl5 position
     f r om 0156 UTC, November 18, 1986 to 0230 UTC, November 18, 1986.

     At approximately 0225Z while monitoring JL1628 on Sector 15 radar, the
     aircraft requested traffic information.        I advised no traffic in his
     vicinity. The aircraft advised he had traffic 12 o'clock same altitude. I
     asked JL1628 if he would like higher/lower altitude and the pilot replied,
     negative. I checked with ROCC to see if they had military traffic in the area
     and to see if they had primary targets in the area. ROCC did have primary
     ta r get in the same position JL1628 reported.     Several times I had single
     primary returns where JL1628 reported traffic. JL1628 later requested a turn
     to heading 210°, I approved JL1628 to make deviations as necessary for
     traffic.     The traffic stayed with JL1628 through turns and decent in the
     vi cinity of FAI I requested JL1628 to make a right 3600 turn to see i f he
     could identify the aircraft, he lost contact momentarily, at which time I
     observed a primary target in the 6 o'clock position 5 miles. I then vectored
     UA69 northbound to FAI from ANC with his approval to see if he could identify
     t he aircraft , he had contact with the JL1628 flight but reported no other
     traffic , by this time Jll628 had lost contact with the traffic.        Also a
     military C-130 southbound to EDF from EIL advised he had plenty of fuel and
     wou l d take a look, I vectored him toward the flight and climbed him to FL240,
     he also had no contact.

     Note : I requested JL1628 to identify the type or markings of the aircraft.
     He could not identify but reported white and yellow strobes. I requested the
     JL1628 t? say flight conditions, he reported clear and no clouds.


                                                November 19, 1986


.·
"'
                            PERSONNEL STATEMENT

                      FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
                 Anchorage Air Route Traffic Control Center


                                            January 9, 1986


The following is a report concerning the incident to Japan Airlines Flight
1628 (JL1628) north of Fairbanks, Alaska on November 18, 1986 at 0218 UTC.

~~yname is John L. Aarnink (AA).    I am employed as an Air Traffic Control
Specialist by the Federal Aviation Administration at the Anchorage Air Route
Traffic Control Center (ARTCC), Anchorage, Alaska. During the period of 2230
UTC, November 17, 1986 to 0630 November 18, 1986 I was on duty in the
Anchorage ARTCC.   I was training on Sector Dl3 from 2300 UTC, November 17,
1986, to 0300 UTC, November 18, 1986.

I was on my way to take a break when I noticed the unusual activity at the
Sector 15 positions.   I plugged into the Cl5 position and assisted them by
answering telephone lines, making and taking handoffs, and coordinating as
necessary.   As to    the  specific incident,    I  monitored  the aircrafts
transmissions and observed data on the radar that coinsided with information
that the pilot of JL1628 reported.   I coordinated with the ROCC on the BRAVO
and CHARLIE lines.   They confirmed they also saw data in the same location.
At approximately abeam CAWIN intersection, I no longer saw the data and the
pilot advised he no longer saw the traffic.      I called the ROCC and they
advised they had lost the target.     I then unplugged from the position and
went on a break.


                                    /   .,//Air Traffic Control Specialist
                                   .~       Anchorage ARTCC


                                                                                --
                             PERSONNEL STATEMENT

                      FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
                 Anchorage Air Route Traffic Control Center


                                            January 7, 1987


The following is a report concerning the incident involving aircraft JL 1628
north of Fairbanks on November 18, 1986 at 0218 UTC.

My name is Samuel J. Rich (SR).     I am employed as an Air Traffic Control
Specialist by the Federal Aviation Administration at the Anchorage Air Route
Traffic Control Center, Anchorage, Alaska.

During the period of 0035 UTC, November 18, 1986, to 0835 UTC, November 18,
1986 , I was on duty in the Anchorage ARTCC. I was working the Dl5 position
from 0230 UTC, November 18, 1986, to 0530 UTC, November 18, 1986.

The pilot of JL 1628 reported that he had traffic at his altitude. He stated
it was a big plane with yellow and white lights.    We advised him we had no
traffic in his position. We adjusted the radar PVD to approximately a 25 mile
scale and there was a radar return in the position the pilot had reported
traffic.
                         .
I called ROCC to ask if they had any military traffic operating near JL 1628.
The ROCC said they had no military traffic in the area. I then asked them if
they could see any traffic near JL 1628. ROCC advised that they had traffic
near JL 1628 in the same position we did.

I asked ROCC if they had any aircraft to scramble on JL 1628, they said they
would call back. However, there was no further communication regarding the
request for a scramble.


                                                               Specialist
                          PERSONNEL STATEMENT

                      FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINSTRATION
                 Anchorage Air Route Traffic Control Center

                                                January 9, 1987


The following is a report concerning the incident involving Japan Airlines
Flight 1628 (JL1628) North of Fairbanks, Alaska on November 18, 1986 at 0218
UTC.

My name is Joseph Rollins (JR).     I am employed as an Air Traffic Control
Specialist by the Federal Aviation Administration at the Anchorage Air Route
Traffic Control Center (ARTCC), Anchorage, Alaska. During the period of 2340
UTC, November 17, 1986 to 1850 UTC, November 18, 1986 I was on duty in the
Anchorage ARTCC. I was working the El position from 0006 UTC, November 18,
1986 to 0425 UTC, November 18, 1986.

 During the time period p~ior to this incident all operations were normal. I
 had assigned Mr. Henley to the combined Rl5, Dl5 position to work by
.himself.   The traffic was light and lunch breaks were in progress.        At
 approximately 0220 UTC Mr. Henley informed me that JL1628 had indicated that
 he had traffic and wanted information. I then advised the Area Manager that
 JL1628 was requesting information on traffic that we were not aware of. Mr.
 Rich returned from lunch and was assigned the Dl5 position and Mr. Henley was
 moved to the Rl5 position. I understood that Mr Aarnink had plugged into the
 Cl5 position only to observe. During the time following my being notified, I
 was involved in operational supervision and coordinatation between the
 controllers and the Area Manager. I intermittently monitored the radar but
 at no time observed any radar data that in my opinion, conclusively indicated
 traffic for the JL1628 flight. At 0254 UTC I informed the Area Manager that
 the pilot of JL1628 had lost visual contact with his traffic,


                                        Joseph Rollins ~
                                                         \~?~
                                        Area Supervisor
                                        Anchorage ARTCC
                             PERSONNEL STATEMENT

                      FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
                 Anchorage Air Route Traffic Control Center


                                                       January 9, 1987


The following is a report concerning the incident to Japan Airlines Flight
1628 (JL1628) north of Fairbanks, Alaska on November 18, 1986 at 0218 UTC.

My name is Erland D. Stephens (AS). I am employed as an Air Traffic Control
Specialist by the Federal Aviation Administration at the Anchorage Air Route
Traffic Control Center (ARTCC), Anchorage, Alaska.

During the period of 0100 UTC, November 18, 1986, to 0900 UTC, November 18,
1986 , I was on duty in the Anchorage ARTCC. I was working the Area Manager
in Charge position from 0100 UTC, November 18, 1986, to 0900 UTC, November
18 , 1986.

At 0221 UTC I was notified by Joe Rollins, Area B Supervisor, that JL1628,
had reported traffic at his altitude (FL 350), distance one (1) mile with a
white and yellow strobe light.    I notified the Alaska Regional Operations
Center (ROC) and the Elmendorf Regional Operational Control Center (ROCC)
about this observed traffic.

At 0233 UTC, after Mr. Rollins advised me that JL1628 had reported the
t raffic to be paralleling his route and that Sector Rl5 radar and ROCC had
i ntermittent radar returns in the area of JL1628s observed traffic I notified
the U. S.. Customs office at Anchorage International Airport about the
possibility of a lost aircraft following JL1628 to Anchorage. At 0245 UTC,
Mr . Rollins advised me that JL1628 had lost visual contact with the unknown
traf fic at 0257 UTC. Mr. Rollins advised me that ROCC had lost radar contact
with the unkno~'Il traffic.    At 0423 UTC I gave this information to the
Was hington D. C. ROC.


                                          Air Traffic Control Specialist
                                          Anchorage ARTCC
                            PERSONNEL STATEMENT

                      FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
                 Anchorage Air Route Traffic Control Center

                                                              January 7, 1987


The following is a report concerning the incident to JL1628           North     of
Fairbanks , Alaska, on November 18, 1986 at approximately 0218 UTC.

My name is Anthony M. Wylie (AW).       I am employed as a Quality Assurance
Specialist by the Federal Aviation Administration at the Anchorage Air Route
Tr af,fic Control Center, Anchorage, Alaska.

I have reviewed the Continuous Data Recording of ZAN EARTS, (radar data),
r eference JL1628 alleged sightings. I could not find any target information
i n the vicinity of the reported traffic.     The radar track appeared to be
normal and consistent with other tracking data I have reviewed in the past.


                                                  Anthony M
                                                  Quality ssurance
                                                  Anchorage ARTCC
                            PERSONNEL STATEMENT

                      FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
                 Anchorage Air Route Traffic Control Center

                                                      January 9, 1987


The following is a report concerning the incident to aircraft JL1628 north of
Fairbanks, Alaska, on November 18, 1986 at 0218 GMT.

My name is Manfred F. Keller (FK).         I am employed as an Automations
Specialist by the Federal Aviation Administration at the Anchorage Air Route
Traffic Control Center, Anchorage, Alaska.

I interpreted the recorded data (radar) reference JL1628.     I searched the
specific areas where the pilot reportedly had traffic and could not find any
indications of other target information.


                                          J.~r~)f ~
                                          Air Traffic Control Specialist
                                          Anchorage ARTCC
                                 OEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                                   F[C[ .. AL AVIATION AONIHIST .. ATIOH


               cm November 17, I respond.ed to a call fran the OC:C reference an
          incident involving unidentified air traffic (UA'.l') follCMi.ng JAL flight
          1628 into lw::horage. I asked Agent Mickle to r.eet me at An~rage
          Airport.

               Upon arriving at ANC, I rnet Agent Mickle and Inspector Wright
          (FS00-63) wtX> had l:een at the aircraft. All three of us then oro-
          ceded to ..m operations to intei:vier,.r the cre.H. At JAL Operations
          we met with captain Terauchi, 1st Officer Tarrefuji, and 2nd Officer
          Tsukuda along with Mr. Shimba.shi, the JAL Operations Manager at
          An~rage.


                 The three crer.-.m:n stated that just after passing rorAT inter-
          section inl:ound to Anchorage on J529 they obsexved strange lights
          ahead of their B-747. 'lllese lights changed i;:osition after 2 minutes
          ;but remained in front of the A/C for another 10 minutes, then rroved
          to the left side of the A/C. They stated that all they oould see
          were the lights and at no time could they see any craft. However,
          they did sl"ON an object on their \·2X radar at al::out 7 miles. The
          lights were yellow, amber, and green, rut no red. 'ttle lights were
          in tw:::> seperate sets which changed i;:osition relative to one another.
          The crer,.r said that they contacted AFm:c oonf imed that they also had
          it on radar. Near Fairbanks, the crew executed a 360° turn and the
          lights stayed with them off of their left side. They then preceded
          to Anchorage.,..i);ld the lights were still visible until arourrl 40 miles
          oorth of TF;r"11en they It'O\Ted ~y to the east. The crew refOrted
          their speed as 0.84 Mach and their altit00e bebt.1een FL390 and 310 as
          assigned along the route.
                The only problem noted with their systens was sane static in the
           VHF receiver. The Navigational systan in use was n~s with oo apparent
           problens.
                  Upon O::ztpletion of my discussion with the crer,.r, I called Captain
           Stevens (Duty Officer to OORAD) and asked if he had any question other
           than what I had asked. He said he had ro other questions, but they
           also slx::iwed t\Yo targets on radar (one was JAL). He stated that they
           "'10uld give all data to Intelligence in the trorning. I then asked
           BolX1y Lamkin by phone if M' was holding the data and he said yes.


                                                                     AT ~ra_9e..!.    ~~- __ ,

                                                                     l"IL! HO.


FAA Form 1600°32°112-111                                                              FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY.
                                                                                       (Puhllc rrvallo0illty lo M • -
                                                      •1to uz n •
                                                              0


                                                                                 ..    ,.,.,.,n.o ..,,,.,
                                                                                                       5 u. S. C. 552J
                                    DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                                     'EOERAL. AVIATION AONINISTRATION


                 Agent Mickle and I then met with Dave Snith (.ACS-300) and briefed
           him on the incident.

                   On the rrorning of November 18,    I briefly discussed the incident
           with AAL-1 & 2.

                 Attached is a statarent fran Agent Mickle and a chart and drawings
           by the JAL Captain.


                                                                                    (pt' - JtJ_.,. ~~h;

                                                                   hy A"ft,f.h,'ck).a                            t:.

                                                                   ~                                 ~ cr~~~


      INTERVIE:WE D/REVI EWE:D             - - - - -      __ ,   AT                  - -
                                                                        Anclx:>rage, Alaska ____ ,
                                                                 ll'ILE NO.
                                                                              ----------·
FAA Form 1600·32° l cz.11,                                                         FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY.
                                                                                    (Puhll c 11¥0/lol>Jllty ID   lie•-
                                                                                                   I
                                                                                               I
                                                                                               I


                                                                                               x


                                                                    x


                                        ~x
                                                           '

........ ··......... .··..
                             ····...                                        '
                                                                                '·.   " -.

                    '              ... ~
                                       . ·....                  -
                                                         ··"';.·~   .....
                                                                         -- ' ..·. ....···...·....
                                                                                      .""\.
                                                                                              ' ',         •'

                                                 ··......... - "·..........  .......                   /    '
                                                                                                                    ·.··...
                                                                                 ··...
                                                                                    '•. ·
                                                                                                                '
                        ,-                                                                                                "


                                                                                                                              .
                                                                                                                              I


                                                                                                                              '   \
AT   ~TttT
                                                                                  C"
             '.                                                     . -·
        ,.
                                                                             ""


                        ,.---
                         :T"
                         ~
                                  --.1
                                     ' ("-----
                                  ;'.J
                                  ... "
                                          ,
                                              ....
                                              0        .                                                       l
                                                                                                                   I
                                       ------'
                    (        :.
             'l..
                                                                                                               f

                                                                                                              I
                                                                                                               I


                                              /


                                                                                                                                                              I


                                                                                                                                          /


                                                                                                                                                      /


                                                                                                                                                  )
                                                                                                                                              /


                                                                                                 I
                                                                                                 I
                                                                                                 I


                                                              .•-
                                                     . . - . ~-     ~   .~


                                                                                                                                                          .
                                                                                                                                                          ; . ··. ~ -:.--;
                                                                                     ·-
                                                                                  . ;... .
                                                                                   ..   ..   ~
                                                                                                     ....   .. ......... ... .... . . .
                                    INSPECTION AND SURVEILLANCE RECORD
1. WORK A CT IV ITY         •                                                                        2. UNI                       3. HOURS

                Ille 1 o oY I
4• ~~~~c"'v~Do~ DA~=~~s,. oir CARRIER, OPERATOR, AIRPORT,            5. CERTIFICATE NO. OR
                                                                        AIRCRAFT REGIS-         6 . RESULTS
                                                                        TRATION MARK(No.) r--~-...:....:...:.            _     _J7. FURTHER
                                                                                                                                    ACTION REQ.
                                                                                                          SATISFACTORY
                                                                                                                                          NO

                                                                                                          UNSATISFACTOR                   YES (Erpl•ln
                                                                                                          (Erplaln in ltmn a)             •ctlon In
                                                                                                                                          ,,...,, 5)

IS. FINDINGS/RE COMMENDATIONS

  J.A.L.              "B-747        CA,eero                 ~r /(.Z?                                 rY o ~         .fc<:? ..A· (.fJ::>      TO

  lf;.;cW-ee~r:rc.              D APf. k' e-Nj 4            Jf5'r2.kl1.C..k ,·.                        5ft-sP , 54 MAc.k~
   I r~t!~iJc-O A C~u._ r"""~
                         ,....,..-, --;"')
                                     Vick. . nr~u.>.evs                                       Ce:>;../Ce£~J.111Jr
                                                                                                              .                  A

   JAL- .i::-LI           w ~,a         tt.a ettPr. HAD s ni.-te='"ll fie                                      WkS             b.u.M..C,


         I    Dl.15.av-vLi) ~ A-fc_. /....~o 06-1                               1</w be 4-r tf ZD ltocJrz.5
  \LC>       o-nt-ee_ A/ c.. w As No ren. Tif-£ 13 - 7 4 7 li\-'t ~ G.ll                                                      ~
 ~TL e~'1P ~V'.W..... _L lU T€~u t 6W60 C.'1-PT. Tce.A-llcli i Cv         0


 Df . two (-r(o t 9t::) Th (IAPf. g-n.-~ TI+A-T (tl-i-s W/'r.:O
 (tu \ ~ T,~.e. 1\-i-L<f/l...~-i fP1°kL --ft.,:s had k~~J 4"' (uA
   lu. 5Tl+TE"ill -MiJ. tL(PIW /.-. 5N111.. A+:rrt pil-5 5 ' .....i"r tfu (!,,_~,;,,.,,                                                                    7
 OJ..~ 6~ aJ- 3~'000' 5ol-f~1 A-(fUll-"~J.. _ +o                                                                                               5

 N >-1. 1~1 f'ro,sr of: #-e- ~/c. ir kJ -~f!"s 4o-r S ~
   fl        ~ c~ dv-a..<.IJ, ..ils) ~ k 5;:i..d! v                                                            llJ(J...>4    fa.:rr.P,{r
  ~ ~ ~Cs-NL), {tr .,,·11.~s ~ ehda.d wlluL
'1b ~ ;p,.P) s 1D.a... t'.f-tk ~{c... (LEF<) Na~v tlu.. o~ scJ
 i({<(Lit). µ..e_ l".tZ. ..Pa.Neel --\G> du. t\cLv ~ s ;J.e.... - Prfrc:e... f'.1 A-s s                                              1 ._; "(


i:tu i==-A:c f\ I/" e11.. \u. '< t Q u.e.sren ~ -h..'f p~v<t.. IW --/.. C.Ou escr
  ~ ~ WCI.A                            ~+d,  (11 atON eJNIOe le
                                                                          6e !!JC
                                                                  ,..,.,.cf,. uee .......... elde)
                                                                                                              "2-                    .

                                                                                                                                                       >


Fil Form 3112 18 _ 70,
                                     INSPECTION AND SURVEILLANCE RECORD
I. WORK ACTIVITY                                                                                             2. UHl T:i                        ]. HOURS


4. NAME ANO ADDRESS 01' CARRIEl't OPERATOR AIRPORT             S. CERTIFICATE NO.OR
   A GENCY, OR AIRMAN            '  .     "        '              Al RC RA FT REGIS·         5. RESULTS
                                                                  TRATION MARK(No.) r - - r - - - ; . . ; . : _ _ _ J 7 . FURTHER
                                                                                                                          ACTION REQ.
                                                                                                                         SATISirACTO .. Y
                                                                                                                                                  NO

                                                                                                                         UNSAT1SirACTO .. ,       Y l:S (Brplaln
                                                                                                                         (llrplabt In 11- I)      action In
                                                                                                                                                  11 ... 1)
S. F INOI NGS/l'IECOMMENOATIONS

                                        fu.1<- 1 -
     ~ !v... +.<.1a..1 EiD -le ~ '<"~'{ l&- w _£1._e;ub p({.V'«.. ll4...1 tl.u.
     Dioj d- i,UA5 fj~·                   8..i "'-'-
                                         (/~es +l.. w<.a..+k f2*CP.12:. uJ ;...s
    A<-sc lA s€D -lo td4-o..1TL~ -t/u o.bJ.12.c-+. tud -t/u.. 5"-io 7 tJ M
vh 54......tc.E" WA-s W.tM.. -P.. C>IH ti<.<_ '('fl..da.v d<;f14 (20.J"i
biJ1L) J • ~ f'U.~ <>\o ~r.J4;€ tJM.J. -f:iu_ (!PtP<
    .S-f\,c _'.'.: --r-hr~ ;, VJ A.s / ~ 1\:: WI\~ W11--tTtl)J "r ~ 1-ft_. ~
                                                                    ;,

    AT l\~p\"c::-'J{.. T~~-l-~Ar ~""L~ ~o8je.d- 4--0ok. o-U ~
    ~ rk...s+ u_,_,_J LUAs. (J(H(.12..· ~ !A.M ;TSO t='t.. ' , d.Lpa.. v-TG'l'.l
    ~19 ""1 Aue. ~ WAs '(~Ll.i-sT6D -f.o C-~ ·~ ~ ~
~U~Ld:J,tw~s~~~~
~. A/!Jr1.fr~1 ~IMS', d;+ll-Lµ.- LV116-t t/µ_ Ckd.o
    erc&t So;.{€ Ef ~~r°vL                                     ;i.1-'L.. Tfu {',.,p.. +Cv..a.l.LJ
                                                              {,V

    w 9-1" e.. S: l-t ..,.., k- '-' p 11 c.t.T          6) ~.'1SS 1~..J A.-<- • SA;-( e..:; 0.e.vv''i
    .I...rTc:2V l..:Wa:liV'tE C!R.~ ~ :J°f\L O~Q..-\l~~s - [rAPr.1E-£A-vte,k.i
       ka..J ei s-bro i)Tc..,. 'i.f' ~            ~ ~\~1 up ~ a -f-o..v7-0~
                                                            w:x
    C1fof.J WAS +o lJ j ct5'l Ot-J L'. n+e To IA-(_. Ti MG" (,(/ .+s
    fuJ PY tYi.. s;$"" HI ~I.(Tt:C:. - A IS.e.w-- [I Y" ~ +.. k -t-k. ~ <f t..:t-                                       0

     t) µ TD lZ> [<'."DY o. (/A-Pr""!e12 A-l{cl...;, 1~V'.&LJl w UL 4o bL )A..
                                       ._...la~
                                           (lt _ , .          i?a-r<. 3)
                                                                     UH . . . . . . efd,J

           O~l!RATIONS      D A T•       · ... QION AN O DISTRICT Ol'l'IC•                               INl~•CTOWI SIGNATUR& .

           lllAINTl!NANCK
           AVIONICS
W   a. A    e     ~ CJ ••                                                    .i.. .. ..   -   -   .. -   -"' ·   .. ---- -
                                    DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                                      FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                          All'I Tl'IANSPORTATION SECURITY


             As per telepoonic request fran FSID-63, the following are the events
             which took place on Novenber 17, 1986 and were taken fran my personal
            ootes during the interview: Responded to Jaoan Airlines station
            office as iristructed by Manager (James S. Deily), AAfr-700. Myself
            and Jim Derry intenriewed the crew of JAL Flight 1628, which reported
            the sighting of unidentified air traffic. The flight crew consisted
            of the captain, Kenju Terauchi, First Officer Takanori Tarrefuji~. and
            Flight Engineer Yoshio Tsukuda. captain Terauchi stated the cargo
            only flight had departed Reykjavik, Icelal"l.C.. captain Terauchi stated
            he first sited (·./isually) the unidentified air traffic (UAT) in the
            vacinity of Potat intersection an::1 the ADIZ. The aircraft he was
            piloting (B747) was at flight level 390, airspeed 0.84 Mach. Captain
            Terauchi indicated the UAT was in front of his aircraft at a distance
            of approximately seven ·to eight nautical miles for awroximately 12
            minutes. The captain stated the distance was indicated by the onl:oard
            Bendix color radar. Captain Terauchi stated that while he had a
            visual on the UAT, he spotted yellow, amber and green lights, and a
            rotating beacxm, but oo red lights. The captain said there were b.u
            distinct sets of lights, but appeared to be joined together (as fixed
            to one object). captian Terauchi ascertained through visual sighting
            and radar, that the UAT was equal in size to a B747, possibly larger.

            Captain Terauchi stated that during the visual sighting, the lights of
            the UAT changed fran a horizontal position to a vertical position and
            had positioned itself f:ran in front of the B747 to port side. The
            UAT stayed on the port side for approx:imnately 35 minutes.

            Captain Terauchi said he was cx:mm.micating with ARICC personnel during
            the sighting. The captain stated he requested, and received, pei:mission
            to perfonn a 360 degree tum while in the vacinity of Fairbanks, Alaska,
            which he had a visual on. Captain Terauchi stated the UAT maintained
            its position on the port side during the turn. captain Terauchi stated
            visual sight of the UAT was lost approximately 40 nautical miles north
            of Talkeetna, while continuing on to Anchorage.

            Additional infonnation regarding the flight:

            Captain Terauchi stated there was static during VHF a::mmm.ications with
            the Mm:C~

            Captain Terauchi indicated there was erratic rroverent with lights of the
            UAT dur.i.~ the visual contact.

            Navigation was being perfo:aned by coupling of the ontoard n1s' s.


                                      _} 7-1 ~986- -
     I NTERVIEWED/R EVI EWE D ON !_b\7~                     - __ ,     AT   Anchorage, Alaska
                                                                            -----------·
      BY
           - --- - - - -Ronald
FAA Form 160:0-32-112.n)
                               E. Mickle, FAA S/A
                          - - - - - - - - - ,                                 --- -
                                                                       FILE NO.
                                                                                        __  _,,_ - -·

                                                                                      FOR OFFICIAL USE OML Y.
                                                                                       (Puhllc -llobJ//ty fO be fl@_
                                                                                       ,_,,... """-' 5 u. s. c. 552J
                                          DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                                            FEDERAi. AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                               All'I Tl'IANS,.Ol'ITATION 8ECURITY


        Captain TEPAIX:lil stated that FAA ATC had indicated to him the presence
        of a primary target in addition to his aircraft.


        Adderx:'h.ml:   Through a a:mfidential source at Japan Airlines, it was stated
                        to me that this was oot the first sighting of an unidentified
                        aircraft by Captain TERAIXlil. ~'-


                                        __________
                                          17, · 1996
                              111rn:n:om)-.i0,..     . ,                       AT   ___________
                                                                                    Ailchorage, Alaska                   ,

                                                                    __     , ,ILENO·-- -       _    --~- _            -·

FM form 1600-32·1 12•7»                                                                            FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY.
                                                                                                    (PuWlc .,.11ow11,., "'k . _
                                                                GPO ••2•t•4                         ,_,_. lllMler s u. s. c. 552}
                                     INSPECTION AHO SURVEILLANCE RECORD
1. WORK ACTIVITY                                                                                2. UNITS                     3. HOURS


'·NAME AMO AOORESS 01" CARRIER, OPERATOR, AIRPORT,               5. CERTIFICATE HO. OR
   AGENCY, OR AIRMAN                                                A IR c RA FT REG Is- t---.r-6-·_R_E_s_u_L_T_;s;____   _J 7. Fu RT He: R
                                                                    TRA TIOM MARK (No.)                                         ACTION REQ.
                                                                                                     SATISirACTORY
                                                                                                                                  NO

                                                                                                                                  Y !CS (Expl•ln
                                                                                                     UNSATISFACTOR'
                                                                                                     (B:rplain ln It-&)          •cllon In
                                                                                                                                 11-. 8)
II. FIMOIMGS/RECOllllllllENOATIONS

                                                           b~.fu.e_ ~ a,JJ,~ .(;_,',(lk;(~.
   A..i~I.._ -Cr
   •     ~T\-~ {);..r"" 'i Y- .LQU.J2-S Tc-~                    ~~
  lli4            0,Q. SAJe..J,


                                          (ll more •sa-c• I• . . .,...., uH ,....,.. aid•)

    O~l!: .. A TIONS       DATE          "llOION AND DIST ..ICT O'"Cll                       INS~ECTO ... S SIGNATU,.1t ··

    MAINTENANCE
       AVIONICS
                                                                             .U.S. GOVIRNMINT Ll'ttUITING OF"FICE: IN:Z-57'-3811313
Fil Form 3112 11-10t
                                                                               4-fAPAN AIR :-/NE 3


                          . ~·:.'

                                                 ... _.... _......
                                            · ·- ~


       __ __________
               __.                                                    ._ ··- - - -·-

                                                                                                                        --------- -------
                                                                          -----· -     -- - -··


                                                                                '-"------------ ---------·- ---- ---------- ----


                               -----------------· ~-------------~'~::\
                                                                  ~·-~-~-~---...;...----~--
                                                                                 .. _~   ........··.. .·.
       -----------------------------lt,----~Jr--------_,_
                                                                                       \                           ~...
                                                                                                                   ____   \        • "' i:.
                                                                                                                        _,;~\----...;,......:::...._....;.-~
                                                                                                                                                             •!.~ . .. ..
                                                                                                                                                                   ~ ~~
                                                                                                                                \                 - ~·~: .            J'.'.:i:~;~t~.
       ----------------------------- _...__________                                                                                                                   ....   !9'~" ¥::
                                                                                                                                                                  ~ ~~t:--~ :~
                                                                                                                                                             i . ..
                                                                                                                                                                      ~ "    .._.;x--~:
                                                                                                                                                                                 &


                                                                                                                                                                                    ..
                                                                                                                                                                                     •   •


                                                                                                        -----t---
                                                                                                               1                    'iI
                                                                                                                                          \
                                                                                                                                                       ....•.:~!. .;·~~~. :~
                                                                                                                                                              ·


                                                                             - ------- ·- - -···-
                                                                                                                   \
                                                                                                                   \
                                                                                                                                              '
                                                                ------------ ·- -··- ·· --·                            - - - - -- - . ---

                                                                                                                        \-- ·------- ·----
                                                                                                                          \
                                                                                                                        -~\__ .i1 _-
                                                                                                                                    ---
        '1 -~-..·.· ,-..--:r
                         ~""'-·;.::.:":
                                 :-~ ..
                 _....   ~~         .   _


                          ·.'""= ,_._ -o
                         .. ·. 1"~
                                                                                       ·- ----
                                                                                       /
                                                                            · ·- - - .. jL _______- --- ·.
:!5
       ----------------- - -
                                                                                            ---------- ·- - - - - - -·--
                                                                                            ------- --- -- ·- - ·--                           -- -- · -- ---- -


                                                                                           ·---------------- ·-- - --··-----
.• I


       - - - - -------------------------------------·· -
. .. . .
           ...--· - __  __:..:.


                                                         I
                                                     ,0\
                                                          \

                                                                              .on..
                                                         -;
                                                     -        \
                                                                                    ·\


                                                                                         ..........   --_.·
                                                                          ,~               - . - . ~'
                                                                          I• ....
                                                                               i                 .·.. ·: · ~;


                                                                                         ·-             -_- ·-· ' .. ·. .. . .. _,
                                                                                                                      . .. •
                                                                                                       • ,   •   ,   Y -


                                                                        t~
                                                                        : '


                                                                  et'. (i
                                                                   i .
                                                                   i
   -             .
           ~,--:- ;__   --- ~ . . . . ~- - -

 -+:_~~:.~       <-7-.~~- ·
      "P'.·: -.:·..: ·-· ....• -
                                         .                         i.
                                                                   I

       ~.- · .~-?: ·:~~- --::.                                     I

                                                                   G
                                               ~ ·
                                                                                                                                                •
                                                                    JAPAN AIR :../NE 3


                                              ·,

                     '.~~-
     ...                     -.....-~----.....----.....:.------------ --- ----
       ~~-----;~:~~~~.:.,.~--~
              -~ .
           .· ·r:    ~~~·~ ~ ;~~ ~
     ------------------ ··- - - ---
                                                                                                              --------- --------


                                                                                                                   ·------------


                                                                     '------------ --------·- ----- ------------

                                                                                           ------- -- -----

                                                                                 \   (        j

      ________________________________ _.____________
                                                                                                   ----r--          'i
                                                                                                                     I
                                                                                                                         \
                                                                                                                                     . ,·


                                                                  -------------·---- ···-                 \


                                                   --------------- .- ·- ·- ··- - · - . .                     ---- - - --· ---
                                                                                                              ~ ---------- ·----
                                                                                                               \


                     --   _...,.,, ,_.. -~

                       ., ·-~: · ,       ..
                                                                                 ·-----·-·
                                                                                 I
     ----------------------- - - -··- - -··· -- L______----- -
                                                                             /
                              ----- . -- ------ .                                         ---------- ·- - - -------            ·-   --
                                                                                                                             -- -- · - ------
                                                                                                                                .


                                                                                         ---------------- ----------------
"'


     -------------------------------------------------------------·--· -
Paul Steucke, FAA                                           March 5, 1987
Alaskan Region
701 C St . Box 14
Anc h. AK 99513

                    UNIDENI'IFIED AIR TRAFFIC SIGHI'INGS, ALASKA


    (1 ) An Alaska Airlines flight crew of a Boeing 737 aircraft, flight k~3,
enroute from Nome to Anchorage, Alaska, on January 29, 1987, reported to the
FAA Anchorage Air Route Traffic Control Center, the sighting of unidentified
air traffic on their onboard weather radar system. The incident occurred at
about 6:39 pm, 60 rr:iles west of the community of McGrath, which is
approximately 200 miles northwest of Anchorage. The aircraft was flying at
35 ,000 feet altitude at night, and the weather was clear.
   Both pilots noticed the target on their weather radar scope and looked out
the window to see if there was any "traffic" in front of them. At no time did
either crewmember see anything outside the aircraft. The area is not within
radar coverage of the FAA and the military reported they did not have any
aircraft operating in the area at the time.
    The flight crew of the Alaska Airlines passenger aircraft reported that the
target on their radar moved at a very high rate of speed, approximately 5 miles
on each sweep of the radar (5 miles per second). As the target moved off their
radar in front of them, they changed the range of their radar from 50 miles to
100 miles and saw the target briefly before it became lost in the ground
clutter created by the Alaska Range of mountains. The flight crew was
i nterviewed by FAA inspectors when they landed at Anchorage. The FAA has no
opinions or conclusions regarding the sighting.
     (2 ) On January 11, 1987, at approximately 7:30 am (Sunday), Captain Kenjyu
Terauchi , piloting Japan Airlines flight #628, a Boeing 747 aircraft from
Iceland to Japan via Anchorage, Alaska, reported to the FAA Air Route Traffic
Control Center in Anchorage, that he was seeing a group of unusual lights in
f r ont of his aircraft.


more • ..
-2-

    The Captain requested tile Ce nter to record his description: "Ah, would you
please, ah, record my vo ice, ah, ah, ah •.. this is Japanese. Futeikina raito ga
mieteriru. Choodo ookina kuroi ka tamari ga mae ni iru. Kyorinishite go nrairu.
Dooyara uchuusen no moyoo." English translation: "We see irregular pulsating
lights just there is a large black chunk just in front of us distance is five
miles it seems to be a spaceship. Ah, it likes, ah, UFO, please, ah, check on
your radar. Over."
    The cargo aircraft was about 240 nautical miles north of Nenana, Alaska, at
37 ,000 feet elevation. The weather was clear with a temperature inversion
reported at 23,500 feet.

   Captain Terauchi reported the lights appeared in front of the aircraft,
about 2,000 feet below, moved below the aircraft, and then disappeared behind
the aircraft. The phenomenon then occurred again at approximately 151 nautical
miles north of Nenana.
   It was noted at the FAA interview of the flight crew, which was conducted
when they landed at Anchorage, that the aircraft flight path was north of and
directly over the town of Arctic Village, Alaska, at the time of the first
sighting and 45 nautical miles northwest and west of the village of Fort Yukon
during the second sighting.
   Captain Terauchi said at the FAA interview that he thought the unusual
lights he saw were those village lights that had been obscured or changed by
ice crystals present in the atmosphere (the temperature inversion). The FAA has
concluded its inquiry into this report and agrees with the Captain that the
phenomena was most likely caused by ice crystals created by the reported
temperature inversion.
    (3) The crew of a Flying Tigers Flight #73, Boeing 747, cargo aircraft,
flying at 37,000 feet, reported observing a "target" heading 320 degrees as it
approached Anchorage on November 21, 1985. The Air Force was unable to confirm
the sighting. This sighting was not investigated by the FAA and there is no
file or retrievable data.
   Steucke said, "The FAA is not in the UFO business and is not interested in
reports that do not involve aircraft or the air traffic control system."


                                  I
  US.DeparTment                             Al askan R eg i on   70 1 C S tr ee 1. Bo~. 14
  of Transportatt00
                                                                 An c h o r rige, A laska
  ~ Aviation
                                                                 995 13
  Administration


                                          February 21, 1987


I N RESPONSE TO YOUR REQUEST:


      The attached order form is in response to your request for
Federal Aviation Administration information regarding the unidentified
traffic sighting by the flight crew of Japan Airlines flight 1628, on
November 17, 1986.


      We have described, itemized and listed all the materials that
have been produced or obtained by the FAA in this investigation.              They
are listed on the attached order form.


      Some persons may have found the cost of purchasing the entire
inquiry package of materials to be expensive and contain items that they
might not want .      Hence, we have taken the opportunity to list and describe
each item, with cost, so that your order can be tailored to fit your needs
and budget .     Please note that an order which totals $5.00 or less will
be provided free of charge.


      Please read the instructions carefully and return your request
wi t h payment in full .


Sincerely,

~0 ~
Paul Steucke
Publi c Af fai r s Officer
     us. Department
     of TransportctiOn                      Ofhce of Public Affus
                                            Alaskan Region
     Federal Aviation                       701 C Street. Box 14
                                            Anchorage . Alaska 995 13
     Administration                         (907) 27, ·5296


                          LIST OF RECORDS AVAILABLE
                                   ORDER FORM
                                       for
                                JAL FLIGHT 1628
                         UNIDENTIFIED TRAFFIC SIGHTING
                             NOVEMBER 18, 1g~6 UTC
(The event occurred on November 17, 19          Alaska Standard Time)


Add fees for items ordered.     Make payable to Federal Aviation
Administration. Send check or money order; no credit cards. Do not
send cash.
(Note :       Do not send payment if total amount of order is less than
$5 . 00 . )

TOTAL AMOUNT ENCLOSED:      $._ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __
                               •


FAA WILL PAY COST OF DELIVERY SERVICE BY REGULAR FIRST CLASS
U.S. POSTAGE Olil.I.. IF YOU WISH TO HAVE COPIES SENT TO YOU BY FEDERAL
EXPRES S , DHL-;---ok OTHER DELIVERY SERVICE, PLEASE INDICATE SERVICE
DESIRED, AND PROVIDE YOUR ACCOUNT NUMBER FOR BILLING OF SHIPPING
COSTS:

Service de sire d
Account numbe r


Add r ess
                             LIST OF RECORDS AVAILABLE
                                 ORDER FORM
                                     for
                              JAL FLIGHT 1628
                       UNIDENTIFIED TRAFFIC SIGHTING
                           NOVEMBER 18, 1986 UTC
     (The event occurred on November 17, 1986 Alaska Standard Time)

PLE ASE MARK ITEMS DESIRED.
 Q   $194 .30      Complete package of all written records and photographs
                   plus all tape recordings.

 0 $ 94 .30 Complete package of written records and photographs only.
 0 $5.05 package,
            Complete Inspection/Investigator (Flight Standards)
                      includes items 1 through 9.

  0 $0.30 1. FAA             Form 8020-5, Aircraft Incident Record.
                         (Brief summary statement, submitted by Flight
                               Standards Division,   January 26,   1987)   (2
                               pages)

     0    $0.45         2.    FAA Form 3112, Inspection and Surveillance
                              Record; notes by Inspector Jack Wright
                              after interview of pilot and crew, 11/17/86.
                              !3 pages written plus 2 pages drawings)

     0    $0.30         3.     FAA Form 1600-32-1, Notes of interview with
                               all three crew members of JAL Flight 1628;
                               completed by Security Inspector Ronald
                               E. Mickle, 11/17/86.     (2 pages)

     0    $0. 40        4.     FAA Form 1600-32-1, Notes on interview with
                               all three crew members of JAL Flight 1628,
                               map, and drawing by the pilot; completed by
                               Special Agent James Derry, 11/17/86.
                               (4 pages)

     0    $1.1 5        5.     Transcript of Interview with Captain
                               Terauchi, 1/2/87, by Richard Gordon,
                               manager -of flight standards district
                               office in Anchorage. (19 pages)

     0    $1.10         6•     Written Statement and Drawing by Captain
                               Terauchi; in Ja~anese. (16 pages written,
                               plus 2 pages drawings)

                               - more -
                                                                        Page 2
JAL UNIDENT I FIED TR AFFIC SIGHTING Order List continued


   0      $0 . 85    7.     Written Statement by Captain Terauchi;
                            translated by S. Mimoto of FAA Alaskan
                            Region.    Enilish translation of item #6.
                            (13 pages)

   0      $1 .35     8.     Transcript of Interview with First Officer
                            Tamefuji, on 1/5/87 by Inspector Peter
                            E. Beckner.    (23 pages)

   0      $0.50      9.     Transcript of Interview with Flight Engineer
                            Tsukuba on 1/15/87 by Inspector Pete
                            Beckner. (5 pages written, plus 1 page
                            drawing)


 0 $67 . 70 Complete
            12.
                     AIR TRAFFIC PACKAGE, includes Items 10 through


  0 $ 3.05 10. Traffic  Chronology of Events, report of Unidentified
                                Sighting by Japan Airlines Flight
                            1628, November 17, 1986.        (5 pages)
                                 Transcription of communication between air
                            traffic control and JAL Flight 1628.
                            (23 pages)
                            Flight path chart.    1 page (map)
                            Personnel statements. (Statements by seven
                            air traffic control specialists at Anchorage
                            Center.) (8 pages)
                            FAA Form 7230-4, Daily Record of Facility
                            Operations for Anchorage Air Route Traffic
                            Control Center, showing time and watch
                            supervisors' entries of major items in
                            facility log. (3 pages)
                            FAA Form 7230 - 10, Position Logs. (Record
                            of which employees were working each
                            position at what time.) (2 pages)

   0       $7.75     1 1.   Anchorage Air Route Traffic Control Center
                            computer printout of Continuous Data
                            Recordings (radar tracking data)
                            (15 1 pages)

                             - mo r e-
                                                                        Page 3
JAL UNIDENTIFIED TRAFFIC SIGHTING Order List continued

     0       $57. 2 5     12 .     Simulated Radar Data, JAL Flight 1628.
                                   (5 color 7 1/2" X 7 1/2" photos, 5 pages)


0 $0.55            13 .   Selected portions of voice transcriptions, pilot
                          of JAL 1628 and FAA controllers, in chronological
                          order; as released by FAA Public Affairs Office,
                          March 5, 1987. (Data extracted from transcription
                          in item #9)

 0    $10 . 00     14.    Series of four black and white 5 11 X 7" glossy
                          photographs of partially regenerated radar data,
                          as photographed by Paul Steucke, January 7, 1987.
 0 $11 . 0 0       15.    Series of four color 5" X 7" photographs of
                          partially regenerated radar data, as photographed
                          by Paul Steucke, January 7, 1987.


0 $ 25.00          16 •   Cassette tape of Interview with Captain Terauchi.
                          57 minutes.  (Same data as item #5)

0 $ 25.00          17.    Cassette tape of Interview with First Officer
                          Tamefujl.. 45 minutes. (Same data as item #7)

0 $50.00           1 8.   Cassette tape of communications between Air
                          Traffic Control and JAL Flight 1628.
                          1 hour 30 minutes.   (Same data as 23 page
                          transcription in item 09)

FREE ITE MS :

Q fre e            19.    News release by FAA Public Affairs    (Information
                          constructed from personal notes provided by Jim
                          Derry, obtained in interviews with JAL Flight 1628
                          crew the evening of 11/17/86)      (2 pages)

Q free             20.    News release statement March 5, 1987, by FAA
                          Public Affairs Office upon release of investigation
                          m_a t er i a 1 s .

 Q free            21.    Description of "Split-Beacon Target" by FAA
                          Alaskan Region Airway Facilities Division. ( 1 page)

                                 - more-
                                                                   Page 4
JAL UNIDENTIFIED TRAFFIC SIGHTI NG Order List continued

Q free         22 .   Alert Report from Director of FAA Alaskan Region
                      to FAA Administrator, 12/31/86. Record of telephone
                      conversations of Deputy Director, FAA Alaskan
                      Region with General Nichols, Colonel Wick, and
                      Captain Jim Crickenberger (U.S. Air Force) on
                      1/2/87.   Table of contents of file kept in FAA
                      Alaskan Region Director's office, pertaining to
                      11/17/86 unidentified object sighting by Japan Air
                      Lines flight 1628.    (5 pages)


     PLEASE COMPLETE AND RETURN THE ENTIRE ORDER FORM TO:

                      FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
                      ATTN: PUBLIC AFFAIRS OFFICE, AAL-5
                      701 C STREET, BOX 14
                      ANCHORAGE, ALASKA 99513


                             •
                                                                                 August 2010


    Technical Guidelines for Digitizing Cultural
    Heritage Materials: Creation of Raster Image
    Master Files

    For the Following Originals - Manuscripts, Books, Graphic Illustrations, Artwork, Maps,
    Plans, Photographs, Aerial Photographs, and Objects and Artifacts


    Acknowledgements: Federal Agencies Digitization Initiative Still Image Working Group; Rebecca Osborne
    and Catherine Scott, IBM; Karen Griggs; Erin Rhodes and Steven Puglia, US National Archives and
    Records Administration


-                                                                                                           ----   /I


                                                                                                                   /I
Document Information
Title                           Technical Guidelines for Digitizing Cultural Heritage Materials: Creation of Raster
                                Image Master Files
Author                          Federal Agencies Digitization Initiative (FADGI) - Still Image Working Group
Document Type                   Technical Guidelines
Publication Date                2009


Revisions to Document
Date of Revision I Editor(s)
August 2010         \ Don Williams and Michael Stelmach
         Update to Objective Performance Guidelines and minor editorial changes. Specific changes to Objective
         Performance Guidelines include a change to the mid-frequency SFR and the addition of Sharpening as a
         performance measure.
February 2009       I Erin Rhodes and Steve Puglia
         Update to complete conversion to (FADGI) - Still lmaqe Workinq Group quideline
November 2008       I Karen Griggs
         Update to convert to (FADGI) - Still lmaqe Workinq Group guideline
September 2008      I Rebecca Osborne and Catherine Scott

 Source Documents
 Title                                                            Author(s)
Technical Guidelines for Digitizing Archival Records for           Steven Puglia, Jeffrey Reed , and Erin Rhodes
Electronic Access: Creation of Production Master Files -           U.S. National Archives and Records Administration
Raster Images
http:llwww.archives.govlpreservationltechnicallguidelines.pdf
   Federal Agencies Digitization Initiative Still Image Working Group - August 201 o


                                                                            Table of Contents


   SCOPE ................... .............................. ........................................................................... 2

   II.       TECHNICAL OVERVIEW .............. .......................................................................... 4
   Raster Image Characteristics .................................................................................................................................... .4
     Spatial Resolution ........ .. ..................... ........... ......................... ........ ....................... ...... .................. ...... ..................... 4
     Signal Resolution .......... ...... .... ....... ................. ........... .................... .... ....................... ........................... .................... .4
     Color Mode .. ....... ................... ............... ............. ...... ....................... ............... ......... ................ ....... ............ ...............5

   Digitization Environment ............................................................................................................................................ S
     V iewing Conditions ....... ........................... ...... .............. ......... ........... .................................................................. ...... 6
     Monitor Settings, Light Boxes, and Viewing Booths .... .. ..... ........... .... ............. ................... ... ................................ ..6
     The Room ................ ..................................................................................... ............ .. ............ ........... ....................... 6
     Practical Experience ... .... .............. ............... .......... .............. ............... ....... .............................. ................ .. ............... 6
     Monitor Calibration ... .............. ................... ........................................ ..... ..... ......................... ......................... .. ........7

  Quantifying Scanner/Digital Camera Performance ................................................................................................. 7
    Introduction ....................... ... .... .................................................................... ........ ... ....... ..................... .............. ........ 7
    Tests for Objective Performance ofScanners/Carneras .......... ................. ............................... ................................ 13
    Test Frequency and Equipment Variability ................................. ..................... .... .............. ...... .............................. 14
    D igital Imaging - Objective Performance Measures ....... ...... ........ ............. ...... ... ... ... ....................... ...................... 15
    Digital Imaging - Objective Performance Guidelines ...... .................................. ............... ......... ....... ..................... 29
    Other Artifacts or Imaging Problems .... ....... ............... ................. ..... ...... ................................................................ 34

  Reference Targets ......................................................................................................................................................34
        Targets - Device-level and Object-level .................................................................................................................35
        Scale and Dimensional References ....................................................... ............................................. .....................37
        Targets for Tone and Color Reproduction .............................................................................................................. 37
          Reflection Scanning ....... .......................................................................... .. ........................................................37
          Transmission Scanning - Positives .......................... .......................................................................................... 38
          Transmission Scanning - Negatives .................................................................................................................. 38


 Ill.           IMAGING WORKFLOW ..................................................................................... 39

 Adjusting Image Files ................................................................................................................................................39
     Overview ............................................................................................................................................................... .. 39

Scanning Aimpoints ................................................................................................................................................... 40
    Aimpoints for Photographic Gray Scales - ............................................................................................................ .42
    Alternative Aimpoints for Kodak Color Control Patches (color bars) ......................... .. ........................................ .44
    Ai111point Variability ........................................................... .. ...................................................... ............................44
    Minimum and Maximum Levels ................................................... .. .. .................................................................... .44

Color Management Background: .............................................................................................................................44
    International Color Consortium (ICC) Color Management System .......................................................................45
    Profiles ...... .. .................... ......................................................................... .............................................. ................. 45
    Rendering Intents ...................................... ............................................................. ............... .................... ......... .... .46
    Color Management Modu les .................................................................... ............................................................... 46


Technical Guidelines for Digitizing Cultural Heritage Materials: Creation of Raster Image Master Files


                                                                                                                                                                                               I
                                                                                                                                                                                               I

                                                                                                                                                                                               /
   Federal Agencies Digitization Initiative Still Image Working Group -August 201 O


  Image Processing ....................................................................................................................................................... 47
       Color Correction and Tonal Adjustments .......... ........... .. .. ..... .. ...... .... .. ........ ....... .................. .......... ... ....... ............. .47
       Sharpening ... ....... ....... .......... .. ..... ....... ............................................... ... .. .. ....... ..... .......... ........ ....................... ....... ...47

  Sample Image Processing \.Vorkflow: ...................................................................................................................... 48
       Scanning .......... .. .......... ... .............. .... .. ........ .. ........ ... ...... ... ...... ......... ...... .............. ......... .. ... ................... ................ .. 48
       Post-Scan Adjustment/Correction: ............ ...... .. ..... .. ...................... .... ......... ...... ..... .... .. ..... ..... ........ .... ......... .. ......... .48


  IV.            DIGITIZATION SPECIFICATIONS FOR RECORD TYPES ............................... 49

  Cleanliness of Work Area, Digitization Equipment, and Originals ...................................................................... 50

  Cropping ..................................................................................................................................................................... 50

   Backing reflection originals ...................................................................................................................................... 50

   Scanning Encapsulated or Sleeved Originals .......................................................................................................... 50

  Embossed seals ........................................................................................................................................................... 51

  Compensating for Minor Deficiencies ...................................................................................................................... 51

 Scanning Text............................................................................................................................................................. 51

 Scanning Oversized ................................................................................................................................................... 52

 Scanning Photographs ............................................................................................................................................... 52

 Scanning Intermediates ............................................................................................................................................. 53

 Scanning Microfilm ................................................................................................................................................... 53

 Illustrations of Record Types: .................................................................................................................................. 54
           Textual Documents, Graphic Illustrations/Artwork, Maps, Plans, and Oversized ......... .................................... 59
           Photographs - Film I Camera Originals - Black-and-White and Color - Transmission Scanning ..................... . 60
           Photographs - Prints - Black-and-White, Monochrome, and Color - Reflection Scanning: .... ............... ............ 62
           Aerial - Transmission Scanning ............. ............... ........... ...... ........... ...................................... ...... ....... .... .......... 64
           Aerial - Reflection Scanning: ..... ... .. ........... .............. ..... ........... .... ....... .............................................................. .65
           Obj ects and Artifacts .... ..................... .... ........ .. .. .... ........... .......................................... .... ...................... .............. 66


V. FILE FORMAT COMPARISON ............................................................................... 67

VI.            METADATA ....................................................................................................... 70

Common Metadata Types ......................................................................................................................................... 71
  Descriptive .... .. ...... ... .. .... ... ............. .. ... ............. .... .. ...... ....... ........... .... ..... ......... ...................... ..... ....... .............. ..... ..71
    Adn1inistrative .. ........ ........ .... ... ..... .. ... .... .. .. .. .. .. ...... ........ .. ... .... .. ........ .. ..... .. ... ... .. ...... .............. ... .... ... .............. .. .... ... 72
    Rights .. ... .... .... ................ .. ........ ... .... ................. .... · .. · ........... · ....... ... ............ ............................... .. ... ..... .. ... ..... .. ........ 72
    Technical .... .... .. .... ..... ... .... ...... .......... ....... ... ... ··.··.· ·· ........ . ·.. · .. · ..... ....... .......... .. .. ...... ............ .. .... .... ... ........................ 73
    Structural. .. ........... .... ......... .......... .. .............. ...... .......... ...................... .. .... .... ...... ..... .. ................. ......... ....... .............. 74
    Behavior ... ......... ..... ...... ... ... ......... ................ ... ............................... ........... ... ........... ................ ............ .............. ...... .74
    Preservation ...... ... .... .. ........ .... .... .. ........ ....... ....... .... .... ....... ....... ....................... ..... .......................... ....... .............. .... 75
    Tracking ...... ........ ... .... .. ... .... ... ............................... .. .......... ........... ............. ............... .. ....... ....................... ............... 75


 Technical Guidelines for Digitizing Cultura l Heritage Materials: Creation of Raster Image Master Files


                                                                                                                                                                                                                     '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     I


                                                                                                                                                                                                                     I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     )
Federal Agencies Digitization Initiative Still Image Working Group - August 2010


    Meta-Metadata ....... ..... ............. ........... ..... ..... .... .... .. .... ........... ...... ........ ... ..... ... .. .... ......... .. ..... ...... ... ..... .......... ... ....... 76

Assessment ofMetadata Needs for Imaging Projects ............................................................................................. 76
    Relationships ...... .. .......... .............. ... ....... ... .... ........... ..................... ......... .......... .... ... .. ..... ..... ...... ....... ....... .......... ... ... 79
    Pem1anent and Temporary Metadata ............. ... ..... .. .. ... .... .... ............ ....... .. .. ..... ............ .... ........... ................ .... ....... 79

File Formats ............................................................................................................................................................... 79

File Naming ................................................................................................................................................................ 79
     Directory Strncture ...... ...... ..... ................ ...... ....... .... ...... ..... .. ........................ .... ............... .......... ............. ... ............. 81
     Versioning ... ..... .......... ....................... ... .. ... .. ............... .. .... ...... ... ............ ...... .... .. ......... .... ... ..... .... .. ..... ......... ........ ..... 81
     Naming Derivative Files ............ ... .... ... .............. .................. .... ........ .. .......... .... ..... .......... ... ... .. ... .. ... ...... ... .... .... ....... 81


 VII. STORAGE RECOMMENDATION S ........................................................................ 81
     Digital Repositories and the Long-Tem1 Management of Files and Metadata ........ ............................ .................. . 82


 VIII.          QUALITY MANAGEMENT ................................................................................. 82

 Completeness .............................................................................................................................................................. 82

 Inspection of Digital Image Files .............................................................................................................................. 82
     File Related ..................... .. .... .................... ............... ... ...... ..... ..... ......... ..... .. ......... .... .... .. .. ....... ... .. .......... ........ ...... ... 83
     01iginal/Document Related .... ..... ...... ... ...... ............... ... ..... .... ....... .. .... ............. ... ... ...... ... .... .... ......... ... .... .. .............. 83
     Metadata Related ..................... ..... ..... ... ............ ........ .... ....... .. .. ... .. ...... ........... ..... ....... ..... .. .......... ... ..... ..... .... ... ... .. ... 83
     Image Quality Related ...... .. ... .......... ..... ...... .. .......... ... .. ..... .... ....... ... .... ....... .. ....... ... .. .............................................. . 83

Quality Control of Metadata .......................................................... .......................................................................... 84

Documentation ........................................................................................................................................................... 86

Testing Results and Acceptance/Rejection .............................................................................................................. 86


APPENDIX A: DIGITIZING FOR PRESERVATION REFORMATTING OF
PHOTOGRAPHS .......................................................................................................... 87

APPENDIX B: RECORDS HANDLING FOR DIGITIZATION ....................................... 91

APPENDIX C: RESOURCES SCOPE .......................................................................... 92

                                                                                     List of Tables
Textual Documents ... ............. ... .... ........... .... ... .................. .... ..... .. .................... ... ..... .................. ... 37
Oversized Records ......... .... ........ .. ................. .............. ................ ....... .................... ..... ........ .. ... ..... 38
Photographs ... ... .. ... ................... .. ..... ... ....... ......... ... ........................ ........ .... ......................... ...... .. ... 39
Aerial Photographs ..... ............... ................ ......... ......................... .... ... ... .. .......... .... ....... ................ . 40
Graphic Illustrations/ Artwork/Originals ...................... ................ ... ................ ... ..... ....... .. ........ ..... 40
Obj ects and Artifacts ... ... ... .................. ......................... ................. ..... ............. ....................... ..... .. 41


Technical Guidelines for Digitizing Cultural Heritage Materia ls: Creation of Raster Image Master Files                                                                                                  iii


                                                                                                                                                                                                               - )
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 I
   Federal Agencies Digitization Initiative Still Image Working Group - August 201 o


   I. INTRODUCTION

  Context
  The Technical Guidelines for Digitizing Cultural Heritage Materials: Creation of Raster Image Master Files
  represents shared best practices followed by agencies participating in the Federal Agencies Digitization Guidelines
  Initiative (FADGI) Still Image Working Group for digitizing cultural heritage materials. This group is involved in a
  cooperative effort to develop common digitization guidelines for still image materials (such as texhial content, maps,
  and photographic prints and negatives) found in culhtral heritage instihltions.

   These Guidelines were prepared by members of the working group during the winter of 2009-2010. This document
   draws substantially on the National Archives and Records Administration's Technical Guidelines.for Digitizing
   Archival Records f or Electronic Access: Creation o.fProducLion Masler Files - Rasler Images (June 2004 ), but has
   been revised and updated in several areas to reflect the clment recommendations of the working group and to reflect
   changes that have occuned in the digitization field during the last five years. Readers will find updated sections
   covering equipment and image perfonnance metrics, quality management, and metadata in this revision.

   For more information on the activities of the FADGI Still Image Working Group, please see
   http://wwv.; .digitizationguidelines.gov/.


  Purpose
  One of the tasks of the FADGI Still Imaging Working Group is to develop digital imaging guidelines that encourage
  and reflect collaborative digitization practices among federal agencies (and other interested institutions) in order to
  provide the public with images of uniform quality, and to provide a common set of practices and technical
  benchmarks for digiti7Mion service providers and manufacturers.

  In the context of the work of the F ADGI Still Imaging Group, some of the primary objectives of these Guidelin es
  are to:

    •    Provide an approach to digiti zation that is practical today
    •    Describe technical parameters that promote a "well-defined" imaging environment
    •    Provide a consistent approach to imaging and metadata collection that will be appropriate for a wide range of
        outputs and purposes
    •    Define a common set of quality or perfonnance metTics to be used in describing and evaluating the digital
        object, as well as methods of validating those measures to defined requirements
         Lay the groundwork for issues the Still Imaging Working Group intends to focus on in the coming months for
        potential incorporation into these Guidelines , including: metric aims and limits for imaging performance and
        quality specifications; color encoding accuracy; master and derivative file fonnats; transmissive image
        analysis targets; full lifecycle quality management plan; objective and subjective image performance analysis,
        and embedded/minimal metadata, among others

These Guidelines define approaches for creating high quality digital copies of originals used primarily for
facilitating online access and hardcopy reproduction. They may be considered appropriate for preservation purposes
(to create copies that could replace the original), but this largely depends on the local or internal policies of an
organization. Therefore, the recommendations in this document may not be appropriate for all preservation uses (for
example, scientific analysis).


Master files
These Guidelines provide technical approaches to the creation of raster image (pixel-based) master files. In creating
master files , the primary objective is to produce digital images that look like the original items and to create a
"reasonable reproduction" without enhancement. However, practice may vaiy from institution to institution
regarding the amount of processing or editing that is perfonned on master files.


Technical Guidelines for Digitizing Cultural Heritage Materials : Creation of Raster Image Master Files


                                                                                                                            J
Federal Agencies Digitization Initiative Still Image Working Group -August 2010


ln general, master files have the following attributes:
   •      Maintain the essential features and info1111ation of the original
   •      Represent the best copy produced by a digitizing organization, with best defined as meeting the objectives
          of a particular project or program
   •      Represent digital content that the organization intends to maintain and manage for the long term
   •      Are created primarily for the production of a range of copies used for specific purposes (such as derivatives
          and duplicates)
   •      Document the image at the time of scanning, not what it may once have looked like if restored to its
          original condition

Institutions may create one or more digital master copies depending on the nah1re of the originals and the intended
purpose of digitization. Digitization should be done in a "use-neutral" manner, and should not geared for any
specific output. If digitization is done to recommended image parameters and all other requirements as described in
these Guidelin es, we believe the master image files produced should be usable for a wide variety of applications and
outputs. If digitization is done to meet the alternative minimum image parameters and all other requirements, the
master image files should be usable for many access applications, particularly for web usage and reproduction
requests.


Generally, given the high costs and effort for digitization projects, we do not recommend digitizing to anything less
than the alternative minimum image parameters. This assumes availability of suitable high-quality digitization
equipment that meets the assessment criteria described (see the section on Quantifying Scanner/Digital Camera
Perfonnance) and produces image files that meet the minimum quality described in the Guidelines. If digitization
equipment fails any of tht: ass t:ssmta1t l:rileria or is um1bk lo µruJul:t: i1m1gt: fiks uf miuimum quality, lht:n it may bt:
desirable to invest in better equipment or to contract with a vendor for digitization services.


SCOPE
The focus of the Guidelines is on historical , cultural and archival materials . The scope is limited to digitization
practices for still image materials only (e.g. , textual content, maps, photographic prints and negatives) .

The Guidelines are intended to be infom1ative, not prescriptive. We acknowledge that this document does not
address the entire range of imaging quality parameters (such as noise, distortion, etc.), but these topics will be
incorporated as the Still Image Working Group identifies recommendations in these areas. The Working Group has
produced a "Gap Analysis" document that identifies and prioritizes digitization activities that are not currently
defined within existing agency guidelines, or are not adequately addressed by existing guidelines. The Gap Analysis
contains topics that the Working Group intends to investigate and provide as updates and recommendations in future
versions of these Guidelines.

The current Gap Analysis can be found on the F ADGI website at :
http ://www.digitizationguidelines.gov/stillimages/documents/Gap.html.

We hope to provide a technical foundation for digitization activities , but further research will be necessary to make
infonned decisions regarding all aspects of administrative, operational, and technical issues surrounding the creation
of digital images. These guidelines provide a range of options for various technical aspects of digitization primarily
relating to image capture, but do not recommend a single approach .


The following topics are addressed in thi s document:
         Digital image capture for still images - creation of master files , image parameters, digitization
         environment, color management, etc.
  •      Color encoding accuracy - color space. color temperature for imaging and viewing, quality of linear vs.
         area arrays, and quality of different interpolation algorithms


Technical Guidelines for Digitizing Cultural Heritage Materials : Creation of Raster Image Master Files                      2


                                                                                                                                 ---- )
                                                                                                                                      I
    Federal Agencies Digitization Initiative Still Image Working Group -August 2010


    II.       TECHNICAL OVERVIEW
    Raster Image Characteristics
    Spatial Resolution
    Spatial resolution detennines the amount of infonnation in a raster image file in terms of the number of picture
    elements or pixels per unit of measurement, but it does not define or guarantee the quality of the information. Spatial
    resolution defines how finely or widely spaced the individual pixels are from each other. The higher the spatial
    resolution, the more finely spaced and the higher the number of pixels overall. The lower the spatial resolution, the
    more widely spaced and the fewer the number of pixels overall.
    Spatial resolution is measured as pixels per inch or PP! ; pixels per millimeter or pixels per centimeter are also used.
    Resolution is often referred to as dots per inch or DPI. In common usage, the te1ms PPI and DPI are used
    interchangeably. Since raster image files are composed of pixels, technically PPI is a more accurate term and is used
    in this document (one example in support of using the PPI term is that Adobe Photoshop software uses the pixels per
    inch terminology). DP! is the appropriate tem1 for describing printer resolution (actual dots vs. pixels); however,
    DP! is used often in scanning and image processing software to refer to spatial resolution and this usage is an
    understandable convention .
    The spatial resolution and the image dimensions detennine the total number of pixels in the image; an 8"xl0"
    photograph scanned at I 00 ppi produces an image that has 800 pixels by 1000 pixels or a total of 800,000 pixels.
    The numbers ofrows and columns of pixels, or the height and width of the image in pixels as described in the
    previous sentence, is known as the pixel array. When specifying a desired file size, it is always necessary to provide
    both the resolution and the image dimensions ; ex. 300 ppi at S"x 1O" or even 300 ppi at original size.
    The image file size, in tenns of data storage, is proportional to the spatial resolution (the higher the resolution, the
    larger the file size for a set document size) and to the size of the document being scanned (the larger the document,
    the larger the file size for a set spatial resolution). Increasing resolution increases the total number of pixels,
    resulting in a larger image file . Scanning larger documents produces more pixels resulting in larger image files .
    Higher spatial resolution provides more pixels, and generally will render more fine detail of the original in the
    digital image, but not always. The actual rendition of fine detail is more dependent on the spatial frequency response
    SFR) of the scanner or digital camera (see Quantifying Sca1mer/Digital Camera Performance below), the image
    processing applied, and the characteristics of the item being scanned. Also, depending on the intended usage of the
    master files. there may be a practical limit to how much fine detail is actually needed .

    Signal Resolution
    Bit-depth or signal resolution, sometimes called tonal resolution, defines the maximum number of shades and/or
    colors in a digital image file , but does not define or guarantee the quality of the information.
    In a I-bit file each pixel is represented by a single binary digit (either a 0 or I), so the pixel can be either black or
    white. There are only two possible combinations or 2 1 = 2.
    The common standard for grayscale and color images is to use 8-bits (eight binary digits representing each pixel) of
    data per channel and this provides a maximum of 256 shades per channel ranging from black to white ; 2s = 256
    possible combinations of zeroes and ones.
    High-bit or 16-bits ( 16 binary digits representing each pixel) per channel images can have a greater number of
    shades compared to 8-bit per channel images, a maximum of over 65,000 shades vs. 256 shades; 21 6 - 65,536
    possible combinations of zeroes and ones.
    Well done 8-bits per channel imaging will meet most needs - with a limited ability for major corrections,
    transfom1ations , and re-purposing. Gross corrections of 8-bit per channel images may cause shades to drop out of
    the image, creating a posterization effect due to the 1imited number of shades.
    High-bit images can match the effective shading and density range of photographic originals (assuming the scanner
    is actually able to caphtre the information), and, due to the greater shading (compared to 8-bits per channel), may be
    beneficial when re-purposing images and when working with images that need major or excessive adjustments to the
    tone distribution and/or color balance. However, at this time, monitors for viewing images and output devices for


    Technical Guidelines for Digitizing Cultural Heritage Materials: Creation of Raster Image Master Files                      4


-
   Federal Agencies Digitization Initiative Still Image Working Group -August 2010


   printing images all render high-bit images at 8-bits per pixel, so there is limited practical benefit to saving high-bit
   images and no way to verify the accuracy and quality of high-bit images. Also, it is best to do a good job during
   digitization to ensure accurate tone and color reproduction , rather than relying on post-scan co1Tection of high-bit
   images. Poorly done high-bit imaging has no benefit.

   Color Mode
   Grayscale image files consist of a single channel, commonly either 8-bits (256 levels) or l 6-bits (65 ,536 levels) per
   pixel with the tonal values ranging from black to white. Color images consist of three or more grayscale channels
   that represent color and brightness infom1ation. Common color modes include RGB (red, green, blue), CMYK
   (cyan, magenta, yellow , black) , and LAB (lightness, red-green, blue-yellow) . The chaimels in color files may be
   either 8- bits (256 levels) or 16-bits (65 ,536 levels). Display and output devices mathematically combine the
    numeric values from the multiple chaimels to form full color pixels, ranging from black to white and to full colors.

   RGB represents an additive color process: red, green, and blue light are combined to fonn white light. This is the
   approach conm1only used by computer monitors and televisions, film recorders that image onto photographic film ,
   and digital printers/enlargers that print to photographic paper. RGB files have three color channels: 3 channels x 8-
   bits = 24-bit color file or 3 channels x 16-bits = 48-bit color. All scanners and digital cameras create RGB files by
   sampling for each pixel the amount of light passing through red, green and blue filters that is being reflected or
   transmitted by the item or scene being digitized. Black is represented by combined RGB levels of 0-0-0, and white is
   represented by combined RGB levels of 255-255-255. This is based on 8-bit imaging and 256 levels from 0 to 255;
   this convention is used for 16-bit imaging as well , despite the greater number of shades. All neutral colors have
   equal levels in all three color channels. A pure red color is represented by levels of 255-0-0, pure green by 0-255-0,
   and pure blue by 0-0-255 .

   CMYK files are an electronic representation of a subtractive process: cyan (C), magenta (M), and yellow (Y) are
   combined to fonn black. CMYK mode files are used for prepress work and include a fourth channel representing
   black ink (K). The subtractive color approach is used in printing presses (four color printing) , rnlor inkjet and laser
   printers (four color inks, many photo inkj et printers now have more colors), and almost all traditional color
   photographic processes (red, green and blue sensitive layers that form cyan, magenta and yellow dyes).
   LAB color mode is a device independent color space that is matched to human perception: three channels
   representing lightness (L , equivalent to a grayscale version of the image), red and green information (A), and blue
   and yellow infonnation (B). One benefit of LAB mode is that it is matched to human perception, and also LAB
   mode does not require color profiles (see section on color management) . Disadvantages of LAB include the potential
   loss of information in the conversion from the RGB mode files from scanners and digital cameras, the need to have
   high-bit data, and the fact that few app lications and file fonnats supp011 it.
   Avoid saving files in CMYK mode; CMYK files have a significantly reduced color gamut (see section on color
   management) and are not suitable for master image files for digital imaging projects involving holdings/collections
   in cultural institutions. While theoretically LAB may have benefits, at this time we feel that RGB files produced to
   the color and tone reproduction described in these guidelines and saved with an Adobe RGB 1998 color profile (or,
   alternatively, an sRGB color profile) , are the most practical option for master files and are relatively device
   independent. We acknowledge that the workflow described in these guidelines to produce RGB master files may
   incur some level ofloss of data; however, we believe the benefits of using RGB files brought to a common
   rendering outweigh the minor loss.

   Digitization Environment
   Our recommendations and the ISO standards referred to below are based on using CRT monitors ; however, the
   criteria specified below also applies to LCD monitors, as LCDs have now replaced CRTs in most imaging
   environments .. Be aware that inexpensive LCD monitors may have artifacts that make it difficult to distinguish
   image quality problems in the image files , and the appearance of colors and monitor brightness can shift with the
   viewing angle of the LCD panel. We reconunend using a high-end LCD monitor designed for the graphic arts,
   photography, or multimedia markets.


   Technical Guidelines for Digitizing Cultural Heritage Materials: Creation of Raster Image Master Files                     5


------
Federal Agencies Digitization Initiative Still Image Working Group -August 2010


Viewing Conditions
A variety of factors will affect the appearance of images, whether displayed or printed on reflective, transmissive or
emissive devices or media. Those factors that can be quantified must be controlled to assure proper representation of
an image.
We recommend following the guidance in the following standards-
• TSO 3664 Viewing Conditions- For Graphic Technology and Photography
     Provides specifications governing viewing images on reflective and transmissive media, as well as images
     displayed on a computer monitor without direct comparison to any fom1 of the originals.
     ISO 12646 Graphic Technology- Displays for Colour Proofing- Characteristics and Viewing Conditions
     Provides specific requirements for monitors and their surrounds for direct comparison of images on a computer
     monitor with originals (known as soft proofing).
NOTE: The following are common parameters controlled by users, however, refer to the standards for complete
requirements and test methods . In particular, ISO 12646 specifies additional hardware requirements for monitors to
ensure a reasonable quality level necessary for comparison to hardcopy.

Monitor Settings, Light Boxes, and Viewing Booths
We assume the assessment of many digital images will be made in comparison to the originals that have been
digitized, therefore ISO 12646 should be followed where it supplements or differs from ISO 3664.
We recommend digital images be viewed on a computer monitor set to 24 bits (millions of colors) or greater, and
calibrated to a gamma of 2.2.
ISO 12646 recomm enrls the color tempernture of the monitor also he set to SOOOK (DSO illnmin;int) to mMch th e
w hite point of the illumination used for v iewing the originals.
Monitor luminance level must be at least 85 cd/m2, and should be 120 cd/m 2 or higher.
The computer/monitor desktop should be set to a neutral gray background (avoid images , patterns, and/or strong
colors), preferably no more than l 0% of the maximum luminance of the screen.
For viewing originals , we reconm1end using color correct light boxes or viewing booths that have a color
temperature of 5000K (050 illuminant) , as spec ified in ISO 3664.
ISO 3664 provides two luminance levels for viewing originals, ISO 12646 recommends using the lower levels (P2
and T2) when comparing to the image on screen.
The actual illumination level on originals should be adjusted so the perceived brightness of white in the originals
matches the brightness of white on the monitor.

The Room
The viewing environment should be painted/decorated a neutrnl, matte gray with a 60% reflectance or less to
minimize flare and perceptual biases.
Monitors should be positioned to avoid reflections and direct illumination on the screen.
ISO 12646 requires the room illumination be less than 32 tux when measured anywhere between the monitor and the
observer, and the light a color temperature of approximately 5000K.

Practical Experience
In practice, we ha ve found a tolerable range of deviation from the measurements required in the ISO standards.
When the ambient room lighting is kept below the limit set in ISO 12646, its color temperature can be lower than
5000K, as long as it is less than the monitor color temperature.
To compensate for environments that may not meet the ISO standards, as well as difficulties comparing analog
originals to images on a monitor, the color temperature may need to be set higher than 5000K so that the range of
grays from white to black appears neutral when viewed in the actual working environment. The higher color


Technical Guidelines for Digitizing Cultural Heritage Materials: Creation of Raster Image Master Files                6


                                                                                                                          --- )
                                                                                                                              '
 Federal Agencies Digitization Initiative Still Image Working Group - August 201 O


 temperature may also be necessary for older monitors to reach an appropriate brightness, as long as neutrals don't
 appear too blue when compared to neutral hardcopy under the specified illumination.

 Monitor Calibration
 In order to meet and maintain the monitor settings summarized above, we recommend using LCD monitors designed
 for the graphic arts, photography, or multimedia markets.

 A photosensor-based color calibrator (colorimeter or spectrodensitometer) and appropriate software (either bundled
 with the monitor or a third party application) should be used to calibrate the monitor to the aims discussed above.
 This is to ensure desired color temperature, luminance level, neutral color balance, and linearity of the red, green,
 and blue representations on the monitor are achieved.

 If using an ICC color managed workflow (see section on color management), an ICC profile should be created after
 monitor calibration for c01Tect rendering of images.
 The monitor should be checked regularly and recalibrated when necessary .
  Using a photosensor-based monitor calibrator, however, does not always ensure monitors are calibrated well. Ten
  years of practical experience has shown ca librators and calibration software may not work accurately or
  consistently. After calibration, it is important to assess the monitor visually, to make sure the monitor is adjusted
  appropriately. Assess overall contrast, brightness, and color neutrality of the gray desktop. Also, evaluate both color
  neutrality and detail rendering in white and black areas. This can be done using an image target of neutral patches
 ranging from black to white and saved in LAB color mode (since LAB does not require an ICC profile and can be
 viewed independently of the color managed process). In addition, it may be helpful to evaluate sample images or
 scans of targets - such as the NARA Monitor Adjustment Target (shown below) and/or a known image such as a
 scan of a Kodak grayscale adjusted to the aimpoints (such as the NARA aimpoints 8-8-8/105-105-105/24 7-247-247)
 described below.
                                         When the monitor is adjusted anci calihrnted appropriately, the NARA
                                         Monitor Adjustment Target (shown at left) and/or an adjusted image of a
                                         Kodak gray scale will look reasonably accurate. Images with ICC color
                                         profiles will display accurately within color managed applications, and
                                         sRGB profiled images should display reasonably accurately outside color
                                         managed applications as well. The NARA Monitor Adjustment Target and
                                         the gray scale aimpoints are based on an empirical evaluation of a large
                                         number of monitors, on both Windows and Macintosh computers, and
                                         represent the average of the group. Over the last fifteen of years calibrating
 and adjusting monitors in this manner, we have found the onscreen representation to be very good on a wide variety
 of monitors and computers.


 Quantifying Scanner/Digital Camera Performance

Introduction
A key element in our approach to developing guidelines is to describe and document a common foundation of
quality metrics for investigating and evaluating digital objects created through digital imaging.

The first table in this section (Part 1 - Taxonomy of Digital Imaging Performance) provides just that - a taxonomy
of imaging performance. Thi s hierarchical classification demonstrates the connections among related [existing]
imaging characteristics, and provides context and a framework for the army of commonly used terms and the
appropriate imag ing standards available for the evaluation of digital image files .

The additional five tables in this section (Part 11 - Evaluation and Quality Control of Digital Imaging) build upon the
framework set forth in the first table and provide operational metrics and criteria for evaluating digital image
characteristics for purposes of investigation or, when used with specific requirements, or for quality control
purposes.


Technical Guidelines for Digitizing Cultural Heritage Materials: Creation of Raster Image Master Files                    7
Federal Agencies Digitization Initiative Still Image Working Group - August 2010


Future work of the Still Image Working Group will rely on the information in these tables to establish quantitative
guidelines using the described derivative metrics and evaluation criteria. The actual values that will be inse1ted into
specific imaging guidelines wi ll depend on the content to be digitized and the objectives for digitization.

Graphical symbols used in the row labeled "Evaluative Criteria (units)" indicate Prima1y , Secondary and Tertia1y
measures (see tables below).

These have meaning both across and within metrics. Across the metrics or image characteristics, they indicate the
relative importance as a factor of image quality; from the highest (Primary) to the lowest (Tertiary).

The same concept applies within the measurement for a given metric. Taking SFR as an example, Max SFR gain is
suggested as the Primary Measure under Sharpening, and Sign of SFR slope as a Secondary Measure. There are
also two additional infonnational tiers included in the table. One of these provides a listing of related descriptive
tem1s that may be more commonly known to users. The bottom-most tier provides a list of possible causes of failure
related to a particular metric.
 A a short primer and oven1iew on imaging science is available as a Powerpoint at
 http://digitizationguidelines.gov/stillimages/presentations.htrnl


                                          Part 1 - Taxonomy of Digital Imaging Performance
                                                            See subsequent pages for information on
                            definitions, candidate evaluation criteria, related descriptive tenns, and failure causes


     ~i                            Signal
                                                                             5l                                            Noise
      ~~                                                                    ·a
                                                                            ~o
                                                                            ~ 1il
                                                                            jij ci:::
    t~               OECF
                (Opto-Electronic
                                                        SFR                 c:
                                                                            Cl
                                                                                                Radiometric: Distortion
    ·~~J          Conversion
                   Function)
                                                ( Spatial Frequency
                                                      Response)
                                                                            in                          NPS
                                                                                                 (Noise Power Spectrum)
                                                                                                                                           Geometric: Distortion


                                                                                                Total Noise

                          ~      a-                                                     TemDOnJ/    Fixed o;. ttem
                                                                                                                           Olrotni1
                                                                                                                            , ,~,~
                                                                                                                                                 ~
                                                                                                                                                 t
                                                                                                                                                           i i ·~


      R ~                 i~ ~                                                                                                                   1 i ~ I
              Iat diI
                                                                                                     i                 i         i        ~                ~
                                                                                                     I i
                                                                                                                   ~                                      -.:::.
                                                                                                                                     j
                                                                               <ti

      ~                                    ~
                                                  ~
                                                       .s~ el         ~ ~      ~
                                                                                           i                           ·1                 ~
                                                                                                                                                      j ~ ..        ~


                                                            t t
                                                                                                                                                 ~

                                                 'i ~l
                                '11111:
                                                                                                            i:l-
                                                                                                                                          ~
      ~
       ~       ' ! I J~
                          ~
                                 ~
                                           ~
                                           ·S
                                           ~
                                                  ~
                                                                  ~
                                                                  ~
                                                                      ~ ·!:.:!
                                                                               e::
                                                                                 ~
                                                                                           ~
                                                                                           ""       ~ ! e e
                                                                                                    ~
                                                                                                        ~
                                                                                                     !:II
                                                                                                            ~          ~


                                                                                                                         I
                                                                                                                           - . ~
                                                                                                                                 ~
                                                                                                                                   ~
                                                                                                                                 ;e.
                                                                                                                                         ~


                                                                                                                                          ~
                                                                                                                                         .!;;!
                                                                                                                                                 ~

                                                                                                                                                 ~
                                                                                                                                                     ~
                                                                                                                                                     .i:;; :§
                                                                                                                                                     ~
                                                                                                                                                          ~
                                                                                                                                                                    ~

      ~       1 I ~       ~
                                                                      (!!      ~          ~
                                                                                           ~
                                                                                                    ~ ~ :§
                                                                                                    ~ 1::5 ~
                                                                                                            1
                                                                                                           ~ ~
                                                                                                                   ~
                                                                                                                       ~         ~
                                                                                                                                 ::5
                                                                                                                                 ~
                                                                                                                                         ~       ~
                                                                                                                                                 ~
                                                                                                                                                 ~
                                                                                                                                                          ~ ~
                                                                                                                                                          ~
                                                                                                                                                                    .!;!


                                                                                                                                                                    ~
                                                                                                    ~                                                     ~
                                                                                                    c2!      a     ~
                                                                                                                                 ~
   • While imaging noise Is generally considered to be of a random or stochastic granular nature (e.g., photographic film grain), it can actually take
   many forms. We have c:hosen to categorize It In both by its deterministic and stochastic behaviors.


Technical Guidelines for Digitizing Cultural Heritage Materials: Creation of Raster Image Master Files                                                                     8


                                                                                                                                                                               ----   I
                                                                                                                                                                                      )
 Federal Agencies Digitization Initiative Still Image Working Group - August 2010


                                          Part II - Evaluation and Quality Control of Digital Imaging
                                                                                            - SIGNAL-
                                                        OECF - Opto Electronic Conversion Function (ISO 14545)
      r~                                                            TIF - Tone Transfer Function
                                                                   TRC - Tone Reproduction Curve
      ·~~                                  definition: Average large area digital response of an electronic imaging device to light stimuli
      .D

                          Sensitivitv                       Tone aod ExRQsure                         White Balance[Neutralitx'.                    Color EocodiogLReoderiog
      Q)                  (ISO 12232)                  definition : characteristic behavior of       definition : equivalence of large area
                                                                                                                                                            Accuracy
     ~~           definition: The reciprocal of the     large area di9itat output response           color channel output respanses to a
                                                                                                                                                 f1ef/nltion: The dllference between selectl!d
                   amount or light necessary to         ( count value) to spectrally neutral         range of spectrally neutral input stimuli
     ~I              achieve a desired output
                              response.
                                                             input stimuli ( gray patch)
                                                                                                                                                 physically measured input cO:Ors and their
                                                                                                                                                 Intended output rendering rrom a given color
                                                                                                                                                 space.

                  - Responsivity                      - Too dar1</light                              - Color cast                                - Over/under sallJratl!d colors
                                                      - Under/over eicposed                          - Gray balance                              - Color balance Is wrong
            Q)
                  - Speed
     l!B.         - Exposure Index (EI)               - No shadow/highlight detail                                                               - Memory colors are not correct
     f~~    'C
                                                      - Olpplng
                                                      - Contrast
                                                                                                                                                 - Color /la:Jracy
                                                                                                                                                 - Color Saturation
                                                      - Exposure N:oJracy

                   e:Saturation based speed            e:     Average, median, maximum or                                                        e:Average, median, maximum, or RMS
     KJ'!                                              RMS deviation from aim for neutral
                                                                                                     e:AveraQe, median, maximum, or
                                                                                                                                                 deviation from aim for dlromatic patches of

     ~~            units: T8D                          patx:hes of lntl!rest.
                                                        lVIJIS': Count Values, t:J..•, Density, f.   RMS deviation from aim between color
                                                                                                                                                 Interest

     fll~                                             stops                                          channels ( R-G, R·B, G·B ) for neutral      Units{• ): Coont Values, Delta E (ll.E ), Delta
     .      ·~     w : Noise based speed               w : Deviation from a reference OECF
                                                                                                     patches or lntl!rest.
                                                                                                                                                 E (llEa•b•),
     85 ~ o"
     :,p    ttl
                  units: 780                           gamma value
                                                                                                     Units r• J: Count Values, llEa•b• I
                                                                                                                                                 Units{• ): Delta C, Delta H
      ~ ,i;        0 : Exposure Index, Standard       units: gamma ( unitless)                       Units ( • ) : Delta C, Delta H
     -<I:
                   Output Sensllivlty
     ~~
                  • Jneffident Imaging detector       - Auto-contrast failures                       - Poor auto-white balance algorithm         - Color profile tweaked for preference
      ~
                                                      - Inappropriate blad</whlte point              - Bad white / blade point calibration       - Wrong oolor profile intent
      ::>                                              calibration.                                  - Sparse gray paten balancing               - Wrong COior profile dlosentembedded
     !~                                               - Wrona gamma selection or tone aim            - Color Balance                             - Cnlnr pmfila ;l ~ mp tioM lrw:o~~M t with
                                                                                                     - Strongly COiored environmental               pradloo (I.e. lighting quarity, gamma,
     l5 "'                                                                                             surround                                     Intent, etc.)
     ·~ u
                                                                                                                                                 - Environmental : highly dlromatic oolor
     Q.                                                                                                                                            surround/dothlng


Techni cal Guidelines for Digitizing Cultural Heritage Materials: Creation of Raster Image Master Files                                                                                            9


                                                                                                                                                                                                       )
Federal Agencies Digitization Initiative Still Image Working Group - August 2010


                                                                                                - SIGNAL -
                                        SFR - Spatial Frequency Response - ( ISO 12233, I SO 16067- 1, ISO 16067-2, I SO 15524)
    "'
    c:
                                                                  MTF - Modulation Transfer Function
   -~~
                               definition : A spatial frequency descriptor of an imaging system's ability to maintain the relative contrast of input stimuli
   ·g.~
   w

                   Si:!rnl:lliog Bate                  Resolution                            Sharneoing                          A!::l.lti!m;~                 ffitre.            Q~i;itb Qf~l.l:i
                   Definition: The                 Definirion: An lm"!llng          Defim/Jon :Amplificatio n or the SFR    Definit:iotr. An objective   Derlflition : o s "rty   Defimlicn: Tl>e d/Sfance
                   reciprocal of !11e            system's aoillty to resol\/e        by means of image processing to        SFR based metric that Is

   Jj
   QI                                                                                                                                                    or wide spreading        olong tire optical a<is (JJ;Jt
                   centeH:o·aent:er                 nneiy spaced detaa.             ad'11eve sharper appeanng 1fild(Jes      used as a correlate tn            of light.          rml<>ins 1-nrNn ilCa!ptab/e
                   <hSlance between            The 1...,,1 of spatial detail U1at                                              perceiived image                                   frx:us.
                   Closest adjacent              can resolved 1n an Image                                                          sharpness.
                   pixels. The number or
                   samples per unit
                   distance.
                   • Megapixels                - Blurred                            - Oversharpening ( haloing, garish         • Sharp                   - Low oontrast            • Deptl1 ol field
                   • Dots per Inell (dpi)      - So~                                   edges)                                                            - Hazy                    • Cirde ol oonfusion
   ]l •~           • Pixels per Inch (ppi)     - Sharp                              - Snap                                                               - Ghosting                • Focus tolerance
   ~i~~
   ~
                   • Samplng frequency         - In/Out of locus
                                               - Spherical aberration
                                                                                    - Edgy, Sharp, Crisp
                                                                                    - Edge enhancement
                                                                                                                                                         • Yelling nare
                                                                                                                                                         • Glare
                                                                                                                                                                                   • Hyperfocal distance

        "O                                     - Spatial de!illi                    - Unsharp masking                                                    - Integrating cavity
                                                                                                                                                           effect f!CEl
                    e :The number d            e:   10% sampling ef'ficiEncy        e:   Max SFR gain                       e:   Area under 111e SFR     •%Rare -                  e:    Distance alOflll the
                                               based on Luminance SFR                                                                                                              optical axis that remains
   ~i                                                                                                                       as weigh!Ed by an
                    captured or                                                     units: % SFR resPonse                                                units: (unit less)
                    de!M!red pixels per        units: ( unit less)                                                          appropriately chosen                                   In aa:eptable locus
   ~j               unit distance In botl1
                    tl1e horilolltal and
                                                                                                                            visual oontrast function.
                                                                                                                            units: TBD
                                                                                                                                                                                    units: inches, mm.
                                               • : Min/Max 10% spatial
   N~~              vertical dimensions
                                               frequency limits of l.IJmlnance
   5          ! units:
              II           dots - per~inch ,
                                               SFR
                                               urits: dot cvdes/ mm
                    pixels·per-lnch
   ~ ~o                                        w : Min/Max 50% spatial              w : Siiln of SFR slope
    ~  -"'
   rtid::
                                               trequency limits of Luminance
                                               SFR
                                                                                    units : positilleJ negative Slope
                                                                                    vaf!Je
   ~ II
         •                                     urits: dol, cvcles/mm

                   - Poor canbration           • Poor (auto) focus                  • OVer aggressive sharpening            - Op(lcal performance        - Dirty lens             • Poor F-nll!lber choice
                    technique                  • Poor optics                          settings                              exx:eeds sampling rate       • Light source
              ~    • Wrong choice or                                                - I nsumoent sig nal to amplify                                       dlrea:ed into lens
   ~~                                          • Poor choice of apertUre stop
   .,    QJ

                    units at callbratlon       - Mechanical vibration               - llllnl<ing that If a little Is good                                • Poor quality lens
   ~ 42 13                                                                            !11en more must be better.                                         - Stray light
                                               • Oller" aggressive rolse
                                                 control


Technical Guidelines for Digitizing Cultural Heritage Materia ls: Creation of Raster Image Master Files                                                                                                            10


                                                                                                                                                                                                                        _J_
Federal Agencies Digitization In itiative Still Image Working Group -August 20 10


                                                                                             - NOISE-

   Engineering
                                                                                        - Radiometric Distortion -
     Mebic
                               definition: The deviation of an y given spatially imaged point from an aim radia nt energy value relat ive to the input object.

                                                   Noise Power Spectrum (NPS)
          "'~~                                                                                                                                       Chromatic Noise
          ~ li
                                                                    Tot.al Noise                                                   Definition : The lnter·color channel radlomell'ic deviations
                          Definition : A spatial frequency descriptor of the sources or radiometnc noise or an Imaging                             relative to an Identified aim
          ~ :E                                                component or sysl:em


                        Temporal Noise                                     Fixed Pattern Noise                                       Colo[ Ualformlty                  Colo[ SFR ualfo[ml!:Y
                                                                                                                                           Cdetermlolstlcl                      Cdetermlolstlcl
                              Ra adorn                 Baadiagl                ~                   ~oa·UalfQrm~l                  Definition : A difference in laroe
                                                                                                                                     area unlformity/shad:ng
                                                                                                                                                                       Oefrnilion: The cfirferentlal
                                                                                                                                                                       spread or light between COior
          ~ ~                 ~
                        Delinffion : The root
                                                       Streaking               ~
                                                                           Definition : pomt or
                                                                                                         Shading                      between color channels           channels.
                                                      (detelllllal<tic)                                    (determlai<li<J
          ·~~           mean squarl! ck!Yiat\on
                                                      Deflflit:Jon : One
                                                                               dusters or
                                                                                                  DerVlitfon: A deVJation in
          ,!!: :E       ( std. devlabon) of both
                                                        dlmenslonal
                                                                           defective or poorly
                                                                                                  the elfective "1umlnatJon
                        temporal and fixed                                  corrected pixels
                                                          patterns                                over a capture deVHll'S
                        pattern noise for a
                        single color channel                                                      field of view; usually with
                                                                                                  lower mumlnation near the
                                                                                                  field 's outer extent
                        • Temporal noise              • Stripes            · Hot, Cold, or        · Vignetting                    · Rainbows                           - COiored edges
        "~ !c. E        · Grain
                        · Shot noise
                                                      • Banding
                                                      · Streaking
                                                                            Dead Pixels
                                                                           • Wounded Pixels
                                                                                                  • Relative IUumlnation                                               - COior Bleed
                                                                                                                                                                       - Fringing
          Ii! ~s        · Read noise                                       · Blinkers
            "           • White noise

    .         {;
                I!:'        e:  RMS deviation or      e : Therelative       e: The number or e:The perrent deviation e: The percent deviation or                       e:     The ditTerence In SFR
                          pixel values Jn t:erms or   amount or              size of defects        or several large area         several large arl!a chroma           response between selected
    ~ ~                     selected metr1c(J.e.,     variance or noise      per unit sensor       luminance measurEments         measurements owr the rield of        color channels.

    b:§ ·c:::~ .· ~..          oounts, clensity,
                            Luminance) over an
                                                      power that a
                                                      selected spatial
                                                                             arEa.
                                                                             units: # of
                                                                                                   over the field ot view
                                                                                                   relatilil! to the average of
                                                                                                                                  view relative to the average of
                                                                                                                                  those chroma measurernerts.
                                                                                                                                                                       units: % deviation in SFR
                                                                                                                                                                       response relative to the
    . ::. ii                 Identified region of     frequency band         d efects/un ~         those meas1Jrernents.          units: % chroma difference           highest measured SFR
     1!! ~~ o                      Interest           contributes to         sensor arEa          units: % Luminance              (unit less)                          ( u n ~ less)
    ii          E                                     the total noise.                             dJtTerence (unit less)
    ~         i£           units: oounts, density,    units: Tl!D
                 u
                •                Luminance
                         · Aggressive digital         • Poor sensor         · dust on sensor      • poorly designed optics        • Ollef ray angle (ffiA)              • Poor optical des!Qn or
     ~                     signal ampllfic.atlon or     c.allbratlon        • poor sensor          • non·uniform lighting           mismatch between optics and           performanre
     :i
                           processing                 ·dust/dirt on           fabrication                                           sensor
    !~                   • Hloh ISO .,,_i
                           selection
                                                        ll"""'arny
                                                        sensor
                                                                             hygkmo
                                                                            - poor sensor
                                                                                                                                  - No11-unifurm cuCor coaUngs at
                                                                                                                                    sensor fabrication.
    ~G                   • High throughput            .. poor sensor         calibration
    c..                    worlcflows                   calibration


Techn ical Guide line s fo r Di gitizing Cu ltural Heritage Materials: Creation of Raster Image Master Fil es                                                                                          11
