{"created_utc": "2026-08-11T09:39:49Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5681051, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/nasa-daily-comms-brief-for-december-21-2017-included-news-about-aatip-ufos-3.pdf", "source_sha256": "3f84d065c053f87ea93bddcd65734773ba97566986b4582ff99bbd1bc2034e48"}

National Aeronautics and Space Administration

Headquarters
Washington, DC 20546-0001

                                                November 13, 2019

Office of Communications


John Greenewald, Jr.
27305 W. Live Oak Rd.
Suite #1203
Castaic, Ca. 91384
john@greenewald.com


FOIA: 20-HQ-R-00002
      (OSTP-FOIA-18-096)

Dear Mr. Greenewald:

This is in response to your Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request sent to the
Executive Office of the President, Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP)
dated May 27, 2018. Records were referred to the National Aeronautics and Space
Administration (NASA) by the above-referenced government agency for a direct
response to you. Your referral has been assigned FOIA tracking number 20-HQ-R-
00002. Your request to (OSTP) sought the following:

        "[A] copy of each OSTP memo on UFOs [a]nd/or Advanced Aviation Threat
        Identification Program [a]nd/or AATIP [a]nd/or Advanced Aerospace Weapons
        Systems Application Program [a]nd/or AA WSAP."

The NASA Headquarters FOIA office has reviewed the referred records, consisting of 6
pages responsive to your request. The referred material has been considered under the
FOIA 5 U.S.C. § 552 and portions of the responsive records are being withheld pursuant
to FOIA Exemption 5 U.S.C. § 552 (b)(6).

FOIA Exemption 5 U.S.C. § 552 (b)(6), “. . . exempts from mandatory disclosure
personnel and medical files and similar files the disclosure of which would constitute a
clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.” NASA is invoking Exemption 6 to
protect an employee’s mobile phone number which would violate his personal privacy.

You have the right under 14 CFR §1206.700 to appeal this determination within 90 days
from the date of this letter. Your appeal must be in writing and should be addressed to:
                                                                                          2


       Administrator
       NASA Headquarters
       Executive Secretariat
       MS 9R17
       Washington, DC 20546
       ATTN: FOIA Appeals

Your appeal should be marked “Appeal under the Freedom of Information Act” both on
the envelope and the face of the letter. A copy of your initial request along with a copy
of this correspondence and any other correspondence with the FOIA office must be
enclosed. In order to expedite the appellate process and ensure full consideration of your
appeal, your appeal should also contain a brief statement of the reasons you believe this
response to be in error.

You may contact NASA’s Chief FOIA Public Liaison, to obtain further assistance or seek
dispute resolution services for any aspect of your request. You may also send
correspondence to Ms. Fox at the following address:

       Stephanie Fox
       Chief FOIA Public Liaison
       Freedom of Information Act Office
       NASA Headquarters
       300 E Street, S.W., 5P32
       Washington D.C. 20546
       Email: Stephanie.K.Fox@nasa.gov
       Telephone: (202) 358-1553
       Fax: (202) 358-4331

Additionally, you may contact the Office of Government Information Services (OGIS) at
the national Archives and Records Administration to inquire about the FOIA dispute
resolution services it offers. The contact information for OGIS is:

       Office of Government Information Services
       National Archives and Records Administration
       8601 Adelphi Road-OGIS
       College Park, Maryland 20740-6001
       Email: ogis@nara.gov
       Telephone: (202) 741-5770
       Toll free: 1-877-684-6448
       Fax: (202) 741-5769

Important: Please note that contacting any agency official including the undersigned or
NASA’s Principal FOIA Officer and/or OGIS referenced above is not an alternative to
filing an administrative appeal and does not stop the 90 day appeal clock.
                                                                                        3


In accordance with § 1206.804 (c), after consultation with the NASA Headquarters
General Counsel Office, I am the official responsible for the partial denial of your
request.

Fees for processing this request are less than $50.00 and are not being charged in
accordance with 14 CFR §1206.503(c). If I can be of further assistance please feel free to
contact me at josephine.sibley@nasa.gov or (202) 358-2462.

Sincerely,


Josephine Sibley
Headquarters
FOIA Public Liaison Officer
Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
NASA Daily Comms Brief

From:              "Ashcraft, Zacch (HQ-NAOOO)" <zacch.ashcraft@nasa.gov>

Date:              Thu, 21 Dec 201717:53:33 -0500

Attachments:       1221 NASA Daily Comms Report.docx (173.89 kB)

Good evening,

Attached is the NASA Daily Communications Brief for December 21,2017.

Zacch Ashcraft
Media Relations Specialist
NASA - Office of Communications
Mo      (b) (6)
Office: 202-358-1744
zacch.ashcraft@nasa.gov
                                                  NASA

                                             WASHINGTON

                                      Thursday, December 21 , 2017

DAILY COMMUNICATIONS BRIEF

TO:            White House Cabinet
FROM:          Zacch Ashcraft, NASA (c: (b) (6)            zacch.ashcraft@nasa.gov)
SUBJECT:       Daily Communications Brief


Heads-Up / Media Inquiries

Top Stories
Where will NASA go next? Saturn's moon Titan, or maybe a comet
Lee Billings
Scientific American
December 20, 2017

A team proposing the use of a flying rover to explore Saturn's moon Titan, and another that wants to send
a sample-collecting mission to Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko, are the fmalists in NASA's search
for its next interplanetary destination, officials announced Wednesday. The competition began in earnest
in late April, when 12 teams submitted proposals to fly spacecraft to a wide variety of targets in our solar
system. Each finalist team will receive $4 million to firm up its concept by mid-2019, when NASA will
choose one to fully develop as the fourth member of the space agency's "New Frontiers" program.
Previous New Frontiers missions include the New Horizons probe sent to Pluto, the Juno orbiter at Jupiter
and the OSIRIS-REx spacecraft, which is now en route to collect samples from the asteroid Bennu in
2018. The fourth New Frontiers mission would launch before the end of2025. "This is a giant leap
forward in developing our next bold mission of science discovery," said Thomas Zurbuchen, associate
administrator for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington, D.C. "These are tantalizing
investigations that seek to answer some of the biggest questions in our solar system today. " Titan is
Saturn's largest moon, a cryogenically cold world with a surface shaped by hydrocarbon rivers and seas
fed by methane, ethane and complex organic compounds raining out of its thick, smoggy atmosphere.
Beneath its frosty exterior, Titan also hides a deep, liquid-water ocean. The New Frontiers finalist, called
Dragonfly, would send a nuclear-powered helicopter-like drone to hop from place to place upon Titan's
surface to study its geology and evaluate its prospects for life.

Local News
Trump's new space policy makes a major impact in Utah
RaeAnn Christensen
KUTV - Salt Lake City, UT
December 21, 2017

To the moon and on to Mars. President Trump's new space policy is already making a major impact right
here in Utah. That's because parts of the rockets NASA sends up to space are built in Northern Utah .
Monday, Dec. 11 , Trump signed a space Policy Directive, which is a plan to send astronauts to the Moon
and Mars. "We will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars and perhaps, someday, to
many worlds beyond. This directive will ensure America's space program once again leads and inspires
all of humanity," he said. Charlie Precourt, the vice president and general manager of Propulsions
Systems at Orbital ATK, is a former NASA astronaut. He said this announcement is a big deal for Utah.
"We provide the booster propulsion system for NASA' s rockets that get us to space," he said. After the
shuttle program ended, Precourt said there was a lull for ATK Orbital because NASA is one-third of
ATK's business. The newest mission to the Moon and Mars is far different than what the company has
been doing the last few decades. "I can foresee about a hundred new jobs here in our division in the next
12 to 18 months," Precourt said. Precourt explained they have already been testing rockets for the first
unmanned mission to the moon which will be launched in 2019. "Many have wondered why are we going
back to the Moon when we have already been there," Precourt said. "It's a building block approach to get
us to Mars. " Astronauts will be using it as a practice site for deep space living. "We can prove out our
capabilities in the crews ' ability to live on their own for long periods of time," he said. "At some point in
the very distant future our human species to survive has to learn elsewhere than on earth," he added.
Precourt said they also build the launch abort system of the spacecraft here in Utah. That's the part if there
were ever an issue, the astronauts can detach from the rocket to safety.

NASA center in Sandusky will test future Mars missions
Ben Cathey
ABC13 - Toledo, OH
December 20, 2017

You've heard of Cape Canaveral... and "Houston, we have a problem." But did you know there's a NASA
station in our own backyard? Designed with an out-of-this-world purpose, Plum Brook isn't in a galaxy
far, far away. The space base sits on 6,400 acres in the woods around Sandusky. "Four world-unique test
facilities. And a 1OO-megawatt power grid. The biggest east of the Mississippi that doesn't interfere with
our friends and neighbors here," Brigadier general David Stringer said. He is the director of the Plum
Brook Station. But why here? There ' s a port access, lots ofland, and an explosive origin. "In November
of'41 , they were producing TNT on this site," Stringer said. "And then the site sat idle, until they broke
ground for a nuclear reactor in 1955." Plum Brook director David Stringer says that's when NASA got
involved, and they've tested the Mars Rovers, Atlas rockets, pieces of the space station and more ever
since. "It's a testimony to the 105 people that work here, that we have so many different things that we
can do with these facilities," Stringer said. Down the block, NASA has something even bigger, its space
chamber. "About the same volume as the U.S. Capitol Rotunda, Ben. And what this allows us to do is to
test the spacecraft in the cold and vacuum of space," Stringer said. Including the new Orion. "Orion is our
new, cutting edge capsule that we're going to send humans into space," Jimi Russell said. NASA's Russell
says we have a rich history of Ohioans in space; 25 astronauts are from here. "So I think it's really
exciting that Ohio, and Plum Brook, and Glenn - we get to participate in sending humans back out into
space, whether it's back to the moon, or we're reaching for Mars," Russell said. Next week on Action
News, we take you inside the lab where the Orion was - and will be - tested. It' s more tech you'll only
find at Plum Brook, and that you'll only see on l3abc.

Other News
Why NASA might outsource the return to the Moon [Opinion]
Mark Whittington


                                                      2
The Hill
December 21, 2017

Recently Gwynne Shotwell, the president and chief operating officer of SpaceX, suggested that the United
States government might want to help finance the BFR, commonly known as the Big Falcon Rocket. The
BFR is the huge spaceship that SpaceX founder Elon Musk proposes to build to colonize Mars. However,
at a conference in Luxembourg, Shotwell suggested that the massive, reusable rocket would also be useful
for launching big military payloads and for landing on the moon. In the meantime, Blue Origin, the
primary business rival to SpaceX, run by Jeff Bezos, proposed that NASA partner with it in a venture
called Blue Moon to deliver cargo and perhaps eventually people to the lunar surface. Blue Origin will
soon have its heavy-lift launch vehicle, New Glenn, operational. Other companies, such as Moon Express
and Astrobotic, are developing lunar landing businesses. With all of this private sector activity directed at
the moon, the question arises, what if NASA were to outsource the return to the moon? A big argument
for outsourcing lunar exploration came recently in the form of a study conducted by Edgar Zapata at the
Kennedy Space Center of NASA's current commercial space partnerships, the Commercial Orbital
Transportation Systems (COTS) program, and the Commercial Crew program. The conclusion of the
study is that NASA has saved hundreds of millions of dollars by going to COTS rather than using the
space shuttle to carry cargo to and from the International Space Station. Those savings are going to
increase once the Commercial Crew spacecraft, the SpaceX Dragon, and the Boeing Starliner become
operational in about a year.

Elon Musk unveils Falcon Heavy rocket photos ahead of maiden flight
Tariq Malik
Space.com
December 20, 2017

SpaceX founder Elon Musk unveiled a tantalizing first glimpse at his company's new megarocket - the
Falcon Heavy - which is expected to launch on its maiden flight next month. In an early morning
Twitter post, Musk revealed several views of the new rocket under assembly inside SpaceX's hangar at
Pad 39A of NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida. The images show stunning views
of the Falcon Heavy from above and one imposing shot of the rocket's 27 first-stage engines, nine on each
of its three main boosters.

Blue Origin might launch a manned New Shepard flight in 2018
Mariella Moon
Engadget
December 20, 2017

We might witness several new space vehicles blast off with a human crew onboard for the first time next
year. One of them could be Blue Origin's New Shepard launch system. According to Jeff Ashby, the
private space corporation's director of safety and mission assurance, Blue Origin is "about roughly a year
out from human flights, depending on how the test program goes." Ashby spoke at the Next-Generation
Suborbital Researchers Conference just a few days after his company successfully sent Crew Capsule 2.0
to suborbital space with "Mannequin Skywalker" on board. The recent test fight carried 12 experiments
from paying customers to space and is the first flight for the New Shepard launch system in a year. Blue
Origin always intended to use its technology for space tourism, but like its peers it still has to conduct test


                                                      3
flights before its spacecraft can start blasting off with paying civilians. Based on Ashby's statement,
though, the company still isn't 100 percent sure of its timeframe, so its manned mission could be delayed.
Ashby said: "We're probably a year and a half, two years out from when we're actually able to fly tended
payload. We're about roughly a year out from human flights, depending on how the test program goes.
We have a bunch more tests to do, and we're going to fly some human test flights before we put paying
people in the rocket." Blue Origin is but one of the private space corporations planning to launch manned
flights next year. Boeing and SpaceX, both recipients of NASA's Commercial Crew Program, also intend
to conduct their first crewed test flights in 2018. Blue Origin, however, is aiming to conquer suborbital
space, while the other two are preparing to ferry NASA astronauts to the ISS.

We may not be alone, former Pentagon UFO investigator says
Elizabeth Howell
Space.com
December 20, 2017

The former head of a secret government program to investigate UFO sightings told several media outlets
that extraterrestrial life may exist. Simultaneously, the public benefit corporation he is affiliated with has
raised more than $2.2 million to research "exotic technologies" affiliated with "unidentified aerial
phenomena." "My personal belief is that there is very compelling evidence that we may not be alone,"
said Luis Elizondo, the person who formerly managed the Pentagon Advanced Aviation Threat
Identification Program, in an interview with CNN. Elizondo said the program had found "a lot" of strange
aircraft while it was in existence. "These aircraft - we'll call them aircraft - are displaying
characteristics that are not currently within the U.S. inventory nor in any foreign inventory that we are
aware of," he said.

Give thanks for the Winter Solstice. You might not be here without it.
Shannon Hall
NY Times
December 20, 2017

On Dec. 21, or Thursday this year, the sun will hug the horizon. For those of us in the Northern
Hemisphere, it will seem to barely rise - hardly peeking above a city's skyline or a forest's snow-
covered evergreens - before it swiftly sets. For months, the orb's arc across the sky has been slumping,
shortening each day. In New York City, for example, the sun will be in the sky for just over nine hours-
roughly six hours less than in June at the summer solstice. The winter solstice marks the shortest day of
the year, before the sun reverses course and climbs higher into the sky. (At the same time, places like
Australia in the Southern Hemisphere mark the summer solstice, the longest day of the year.) This is a
good opportunity to imagine what such a day might look like if we had evolved on another planet where
the sun would take a different dance across the sky. You might want to feel thankful for the solstices and
seasons we do have, or we might not be here to witness them at all. The solstices occur because most
planets do not spin upright, or perpendicular to their orbits. The Earth, for example, slouches 23.5 degrees
on a tilted axis. This leaves the planet's North Pole pointed toward the North Star over relatively long
periods of time, even as Earth makes its yearlong migration around the sun. That means the Northern
Hemisphere will spend half the year tilted slightly toward the sun, bathing in direct sunlight during
summer's long, blissful days, and half the year cooling off as it leans slightly away from the sun during


                                                      4
winter's short, frigid days. Dec. 21 marks the day when the North Pole is most tilted away from the sun.
But every planet slouches at different angles.


                                                    5
