{"created_utc": "2026-08-21T10:07:48Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 9597515, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/nasa-releases-their-unidentified-anomalous-phenomena-uap-report-3.pdf", "source_sha256": "2692dba8174e24654dbb8160f037658652372fcce9d17f8e55fc4cf035213f19"}

NASA
UNIDENTIFIED ANOMALOUS PHENOMENA
Independent Study Team Report
Members of the NASA Unidentified Anomalous
Phenomena Independent Study Team
Chair                                           Designated Federal Official
Dr. David Spergel                               Dr. Daniel Evans
Simons Foundation                               NASA Headquarters

Panelists
Dr. Anamaria Berea                              Capt. Scott Kelly, USN, Ret.
George Mason University                         NASA Astronaut, Ret.

Dr. Federica Bianco                             Dr. Matt Mountain
University of Delaware                          Association of Universities
                                                for Research and Astronomy
Dr. Reggie Brothers
AE Industrial Partners                          Mr. Warren Randolph
                                                Federal Aviation Administration
Dr. Paula Bontempi
University of Rhode Island                      Dr. Walter Scott
                                                Maxar Technologies
Dr. Jennifer Buss
Potomac Institute of Policy Studies             Dr. Joshua Semeter
                                                Boston University
Dr. Nadia Drake
Science Journalist                              Dr. Karlin Toner
                                                Federal Aviation Administration
Mr. Mike Gold
Redwire Space                                   Dr. Shelley Wright
                                                University of California, San Diego
Dr. David Grinspoon
Planetary Science Institute


Front and back cover photos: views of the earth as photographed
from the Earth-orbital Apollo 4 unmanned space mission.
All photos are from NASA unless otherwise indicated.
                                            TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                       3    EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

                                       7    FOREWORD

                                       9    INTRODUCTION

                                      11    RESPONSES TO STATEMENT OF TASK

                                      21    OVERALL CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS

                                      23    ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

                                      24    WORK PRODUCTS: DISCUSSION


Group Photo: Members of the NASA Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena Independent Study Team.
    This is a type of lightning known as a red sprite — a phenomenon that has rarely been photographed in this
    amount of detail. Some thunderstorms produce sprites, but most do not. Photo credit: Stephane Vetter (TWAN)


2
                                       EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
                                       The study of Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena (UAP) presents a unique
                                       scientific opportunity that demands a rigorous, evidence-based approach.
                                       Addressing this challenge will require new and robust data acquisition methods,
                                       advanced analysis techniques, a systematic reporting framework and reducing
                                       reporting stigma. NASA – with its extensive expertise in these domains and
                                       global reputation for scientific openness – is in an excellent position to contribute
    NASA is in an excellent position
                                       to UAP studies within the broader whole-of-government framework led by the
    to contribute to UAP studies
                                       All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office (AARO).
    within the broader whole-of-
    government framework.              NASA has a variety of existing and planned Earth- and space-observing assets,
                                       together with an extensive archive of historic and current data sets, which
                                       should be directly leveraged to understand UAP. Although NASA’s fleet of
                                       Earth-observing satellites typically lack the spatial resolution to detect relatively
                                       small objects such as UAP, their state-of-the-art sensors can be directly utilized
                                       to probe the state of the local earth, oceanic, and atmospheric conditions that
                                       are spatially and temporally coincident with UAPs initially detected via other
                                       methods. Thus, NASA’s assets can play a vital role by directly determining
                                       whether specific environmental factors are associated with certain reported UAP
                                       behaviors or occurrences.

                                       Next, the U.S. commercial remote-sensing industry offers a potent mix of
                                       Earth-observing satellites that offer imagery at sub- to several-meter spatial
                                       resolution, which is well-matched to the typical spatial scales of known UAP.
                                       Although every point on Earth does not have constant high-resolution coverage,
                                       the panel finds nonetheless that such commercial constellations could offer
                                       a powerful complement to the detection and study of UAP when coincident
                                       collection occurs.

                                       At present, analysis of UAP data is hampered by poor sensor calibration, the
                                       lack of multiple measurements, the lack of sensor metadata, and the lack of
                                       baseline data. Making a concerted effort to improve all aspects is vital, and
                                       NASA’s expertise should be comprehensively leveraged as part of a robust and
                                       systematic data acquisition strategy within the whole-of-government framework.

                                       Moving forward, NASA should contribute to a comprehensive, government-wide
                                       approach to collecting future data. The importance of detecting UAP with multiple,
                                       well-calibrated sensors is paramount, and NASA could potentially leverage its
                                       considerable expertise in this domain to utilize multispectral or hyperspectral
                                       data as part of a rigorous data acquisition campaign.

                                       The panel finds that artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) are
                                       essential tools for identifying rare occurrences, potentially including UAP,
                                       within vast datasets. However, these powerful techniques will only work on
                                       well-characterized data gathered with respect to strong standards. NASA’s
                                       extensive experience in the application of state-of-the-art computational and


3
    data-analysis techniques should therefore be leveraged to provide critical
    assistance. Once again, appropriate data collection, curation, and distribution
    are paramount; NASA, with its world-leading experience in these aspects is
    well-positioned to play a leading role.

    Engaging the public is also a critical aspect of understanding UAP. The panel
    sees several advantages to augmenting data collection efforts using modern
    crowdsourcing techniques, including open-source smartphone-based apps that
    simultaneously gather imaging data and other smartphone sensor metadata
    from multiple citizen observers worldwide. NASA should therefore explore the
    viability of developing or acquiring such a crowdsourcing system as part of its
    strategy. In turn, the panel finds that there is currently no standardized system
    for making civilian UAP reports, resulting in sparse and incomplete data devoid
    of curation or vetting protocols. NASA should play a vital role by assisting
    AARO in its development of this Federal system.

    The negative perception surrounding the reporting of UAP poses an obstacle to
    collecting data on these phenomena. NASA’s very involvement in UAP will play
    a vital role in reducing stigma associated with UAP reporting, which almost
    certainly leads to data attrition at present. NASA’s long-standing public trust,
    which is essential for communicating findings about these phenomena to
    citizens, is crucial for destigmatizing UAP reporting. The scientific processes
    used by NASA encourage critical thinking; NASA can model for the public how
    to best approach the study of UAP, by utilizing transparent reporting, rigorous
    analysis, and public engagement.

    Finally, the threat to U.S. airspace safety posed by UAP is self-evident. The
    panel finds that a particularly promising avenue for deeper integration within
    a systematic, evidenced-based framework for UAP is the Aviation Safety
    Reporting System (ASRS), which NASA administers for the FAA. This confi-
    dential and voluntary reporting system for pilots, air traffic controllers, and
    other professional aviation staff, receives approximately 100,000 reports per
    year. Although not initially designed for UAP collection, better harnessing it for
    commercial pilot UAP reporting would provide a critical database that would be
    valuable for the whole-of-government effort to understand UAP. In turn, NASA’s
    long history of partnership with the FAA should be leveraged to investigate how
    advanced, real-time analysis techniques could be applied to future generations
    of air traffic management (ATM) systems.


4
                                                FRAMEWORK OF RECOMMENDATIONS
                                                Although AARO leads the whole-of-government response to UAP, the
                                                panel recommends that NASA play an essential role within that framework.
                                                NASA should leverage its core capabilities and expertise to determine
                                                whether it should take a leading or supporting role in implementing a
                                                given recommendation.


                                                ORGANIZATION OF THIS REPORT
                                                This report is organized as follows. We present a systematic response
                                                to the eight charge elements that formed the Terms of Reference that
                                                NASA provided to the Independent Study Team, followed by a detailed
                                                set of conclusions and recommendations. These responses stemmed
                                                from a series of sub-panel reports that the entire team deliberated in full
                                                at the public meeting held on May 31, 2023, all of which are included
                                                as work products toward the end of this report for full public transparency.


    An orbital sunrise photographed by an Expedition 40 crew member on the International Space Station.


5
    The spectacular aurora borealis, or the “northern lights,” over Canada is sighted from the space station
    near the highest point of its orbital path.


6
    FOREWORD
    Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena (UAP) are one of our planet’s greatest
    mysteries. Observations of objects in our skies that cannot be identified as
    balloons, aircraft, or natural known phenomena have been spotted worldwide,
    yet there are limited high-quality observations. The nature of science is to
    explore the unknown, and data is the language scientists use to discover our
    universe’s secrets. Despite numerous accounts and visuals, the absence of
    consistent, detailed, and curated observations means we do not presently have
    the body of data needed to make definitive, scientific conclusions about UAP.

    At NASA, we use data and the tools of science to explore the unknown in the
    atmosphere and space. In June 2022, NASA established an external independent
    study team to find a way we can use our open-source data and resources to
    help shed light on the nature of future UAP. Much like a team of peer reviewers,
    NASA commissions independent study teams as a formal part of NASA’s
    scientific process, and such teams provide the agency external counsel and
    an increased network of perspectives from esteemed scientific experts.

    NASA’s UAP Independent Study Team is made up of 16 experts from diverse
    backgrounds in science, technology, data, artificial intelligence, space explor-
    ation, aerospace safety, media and commercial innovation. They were assigned
    to pinpoint the data available around UAP and produce a report that outlines
    a roadmap for how NASA can use its tools of science to obtain usable data
    to evaluate and categorize the nature of UAP going forward. This is not a review
    of previous UAP incidents.

    We thank the UAP Independent Study Team members for their service on the
    study and for their contributions towards the advancement of our nation’s
    understanding of UAP. While we are still evaluating the report and assessing
    the team’s findings and recommendations, NASA’s Science Mission Directorate
    and the Agency are committed to keeping a clear and open pipeline for
    communication and resources with the Department of Defense’s All-
    Domain Anomaly Resolution Office (AARO) to support its whole-of-government
    approach towards understanding and resolving UAP cases. NASA is appointing
    a Director of UAP Research to centralize communications and leverage
    NASA’s extensive resources and expertise to actively engage in the whole-of-
    government UAP initiative. This individual will also ensure that the agency’s vast
    analytical capabilities, including its proficiency in data management, machine
    learning and artificial intelligence, are contributed to the government’s unified
    UAP effort.

    At NASA, we are committed to openness, transparency, and scientific integrity
    and they are a central part of our operations. By setting up this independent
    study team, NASA gained important external perspectives from leading experts
    in our nation for how we can use our resources to advance the study of UAP
    data and explore the unknown in air and space for the benefit of all.

    Dr. Nicola Fox, Associate Administrator, Science Mission Directorate

7
    A meteor streaks across the sky during the annual Perseid meteor shower.


8
                                                        INTRODUCTION
                                                        Recently, many credible witnesses, often military aviators, have reported seeing
                                                        objects they did not recognize over U.S. airspace. Most of these events have
                                                        since been explained, but a small handful cannot be immediately identified as
                                                        known human-made or natural phenomena. These events are now collectively
                                                        referred to as Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena, or UAP1.

                                                        A vital part of NASA’s mission is exploring the unknown using the rigorous
                                                        process of the scientific method. This means scrutinizing our assumptions
                                                        and intuition; transparently and diligently collecting data; reproducing results;
                                                        seeking independent evaluation; and finally, reaching a scientific consensus
                                                        about the nature of an occurrence. The scientific method challenges us to solve
                                                        problems by impartially evaluating our own ideas, by being willing to be wrong,
                                                        and by following the data.

                                                        It is increasingly clear that the majority of UAP observations can be attributed to
                                                        known phenomena or occurences. When it comes to studying such phenomena,
                                                        our overarching challenge is that the data needed to explain these anomalous
                                                        sightings often do not exist; this includes eyewitness reports, which on their
                                                        own can be interesting and compelling, but are not reproducible and usually
                                                        lack the information needed to make any definitive conclusions about a UAP’s
                                                        provenance. Thus, to understand UAP, a rigorous, evidence-based, data-driven
                                                        scientific framework is essential.

                                                        This report offers a vision of how NASA could contribute to understanding
                                                        the phenomena and how the agency’s approach will complement the whole-of-
                                                        government effort to understand UAP.


1 At the time that this study was initiated, Congress
  defined UAP as Unidentified Aerial Phenomena.
  After this study began, the term UAP was redefined
  as Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena.


9
     A weather balloon sails into the sky after release from the Cape Canaveral weather station in Florida.


10
                                                    RESPONSES TO STATEMENT
                                                    OF TASK
                                                1   What types of scientific data currently collected and archived by NASA or
                                                    other civilian government entities should be synthesized and analyzed to
                                                    potentially shed light on the nature and origins of Unidentified Anomalous
                                                    Phenomena (UAP)?

                                                    NASA has a variety of existing and planned Earth- and space-observing assets,
                                                    together with an extensive archive of historic and current data sets, which
FINDING                                             should be used to address the challenges of detecting and/or understanding
NASA'S fleet of earth-observing satellites          UAP. NASA’s fleet of Earth-observing satellites collect the most data within the
should play a powerful supporting role              Earth system, yet they typically lack the spatial resolution to detect relatively
to determine the environmental conditions           small objects such as UAP. However, they still should play a powerful supporting
that coincide with UAP.                             role to determine the environmental conditions that coincide with UAP. For
                                                    example, the advanced sensors on the Terra and Aqua missions should be
                                                    directly utilized to retroactively probe the state of the local earth, ocean, and
                                                    atmospheric conditions that are spatially and temporally coincident with UAP
                                                    initially detected via other methods. Thus, NASA can help determine whether
                                                    specific environmental factors are associated with reported UAP properties
                                                    or occurrences.

                                                    There are other promising civilian capabilities that can be employed to scrutinize
                                                    UAP. Assets such as the NEXRAD Doppler radar network (160 weather radars
                                                    jointly operated by the FAA, U.S. Air Force, and National Weather Service) or
                                                    the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellites will be essential for
FINDING
                                                    distinguishing interesting objects from airborne clutter. Furthermore, forthcoming
It is essential to note the pivotal role that
                                                    large-sky surveys enabled by ground-based telescopes such as the Vera C.
structured data curation plays in a rigorous
                                                    Rubin Observatory will offer powerful complements in the search for anomalous
and evidence-based framework to better
                                                    objects beyond the Earth’s atmosphere.
understand UAP.
                                                    NASA also has substantial experience in Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR),
                                                    which can provide much higher angular resolution images of Earth, as well as
                                                    confirm surface motion and change. The panel sees particular promise in future
                                                    SAR-based Earth-observing satellites such as NISAR (NASA-ISRO Synthetic
                                                    Aperture Radar) mission, a partnership with the Indian Space Research Orga-
                                                    nization. The excellent resolution of NISAR will provide valuable radar data that
                                                    will potentially be critical for examining UAP directly, in addition to their envi-
                                                    ronmental context. SAR systems will also provide critical validation of any truly
                                                    anomalous properties, such as rapid acceleration or high-G maneuvers through
                                                    the Doppler signatures they produce.

                                                    Irrespective of the source of the observation, it is essential to note the pivotal
                                                    role that structured data curation plays in a rigorous and evidence-based
                                                    framework to better understand UAP. To date, UAP data often consist of
                                                    observations initially acquired for other purposes, which often lack adequate


11
                                                                  metadata and are not optimized for systematic scientific analysis. Here, NASA
                                                                  – with its world-leading expertise in curation, archiving, and distribution of large
                                                                  volumes of data – can play a key role. NASA’s adherence to FAIR (Findability,
                                                                  Accessibility, Interoperability and Reusability) data principles when generating
                                                                  curated data repositories enables both scientists and citizen scientists to
                                                                  conduct data-mining and meaningful analysis. In addition, due to the absence
                                                                  of a comprehensive system for gathering civilian UAP reports, there are incon-
                                                                  sistencies in how data is collected, processed, and curated. The application
                                                                  of NASA’s rigor to UAP data protocols will ultimately be essential for a detailed
                                                                  understanding of these phenomena.


     South Asian Object (Image 1)
     Footage taken by an MQ-9 of an unidentified object in South Asia with an apparent
     atmospheric wake or cavitation, later assessed as a likely commercial aircraft by the
     All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office. The cavitation is likely a sensor artifact resulting
     from video compression.
     The appearance of U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) visual information does not imply or constitute DoD endorsement.


                                                            2     What types of scientific data currently collected and held by non-profits and
                                                                  companies should be synthesized and analyzed to potentially shed light on
                                                                  the nature and origins of UAP?

                                                                  The U.S. commercial remote-sensing industry offers a potent mix of Earth-
                                                                  observing sensors that have the collective potential to directly resolve UAP
                                                                  events. For instance, commercial satellite constellations provide imagery at
FINDING
                                                                  sub- to several-meter spatial resolution, which is well-matched to the typical
The U.S. commercial remote-sensing
                                                                  spatial scales of known UAP. In addition, the high temporal cadence offered by
industry offers a potent mix of Earth-
                                                                  commercial remote-sensing networks can substantially increase the likelihood
observing sensors that have the collective
                                                                  of providing retroactive coverage of UAP events that are initially observed via
potential to directly resolve UAP events.
                                                                  other means. The limitation on this data is that at any given time most of the
                                                                  Earth’s surface is not covered by commercial satellites at high resolution — for
                                                                  a particular UAP event, we will need to be fortunate to obtain high-resolution
                                                                  observations from space.

                                                                  Beyond this, the panel applauds the efforts undertaken in the private sector and
                                                                  U.S. academic community to employ one or more inexpensive ground-based
                                                                  sensors that are capable of surveying large areas of the sky. Such sensors,
                                                                  which could potentially be rapidly deployed to areas of known UAP activity may
                                                                  play a key role in establishing so-called “pattern-of-activity” trends, as well as
                                                                  potentially the physical characteristics of UAP themselves.


12
                                                    Once more, however, robust data calibration is vital, and here NASA again can
                                                    play an important advisory role. The calibration process ensures that inform-
                                                    ation gathered from sensors and instruments is precise, dependable and devoid
FINDING                                             of any systematic errors or biases. In the case of UAP studies, where data
The standardization of collected                    often originates from instruments not specifically designed for detecting such
information via well-crafted calibration            objects, proper calibration becomes even more crucial. In turn, metadata, which
will make it possible to carry out a rigorous       provides contextual information such as sensor type, manufacturer details,
scientific investigation into UAP. NASA's           noise characteristics and time of acquisition, must simultaneously be present
experience in this area will be vital.              for an accurate characterization of both a potential UAP as well as the sensor
                                                    itself. Indeed, several apparent UAP have been demonstrated to be sensor
                                                    artifacts once appropriate calibration and metadata scrutiny were applied.
                                                    Although a substantial investment, the standardization of collected information
                                                    via well-crafted calibration will make it possible to carry out a rigorous scientific
                                                    investigation into UAP. NASA’s experience in this area will be essential.


                                                3   What other types of scientific data should be collected by NASA to enhance
                                                    the potential for developing an understanding of the nature and origins
                                                    of UAP?

                                                    To improve our understanding of UAP, NASA should contribute to a compre-
                                                    hensive approach to collecting data within the broader whole-of-government
                                                    framework to understand UAP. The importance of detecting UAP with multiple,
                                                    well-calibrated sensors is paramount, and NASA should leverage its consider-
FINDING
                                                    able expertise in this domain to potentially utilize multispectral or hyperspectral
NASA should leverage its considerable
                                                    data as part of a rigorous campaign to acquire additional data on future UAP.
expertise in this domain to potentially utilize
                                                    In addition, forthcoming large-sky surveys enabled by Federal ground-based
multispectral or hyperspectral data as part
                                                    assets including the Vera C. Rubin Observatory will collect vast quantities of
of a rigorous campaign.
                                                    data, which can be directly used to search for anomalous objects beyond the
                                                    Earth’s atmosphere.

                                                    Data signatures are vast, and theories that predict novel signatures help guide
                                                    our searches. It is imperative to set clear evidence thresholds to avoid errors,
                                                    especially with automated methods. Furthermore, purpose-built future sensors
                                                    for UAP detection should be designed to adjust on millisecond timescales to aid
                                                    better detection. In lockstep, alert systems should detect and share transient
                                                    information quickly and uniformly.

                                                    The panel notes that, at present, gathering data on UAP is hampered by sensor
                                                    calibration challenges and a lack of sensor metadata. In short, calibration
                                                    ensures that future data gathered are reliable and accurate, while gathering
                                                    metadata – such as the time, location, and sensor observing modes – ensures
                                                    that the contextual and environmental factors of a recorded UAP event are well


13
                                     known. Both, in turn, allow for systematic analyses of UAP events, and critically
                                     will enable the elimination of false positives due to sensor artifacts. Making a
                                     concerted effort to improve both aspects will be vital when gathering future data,
                                     and here NASA’s expertise should be comprehensively leveraged as part of a
                                     robust and systematic data strategy within the whole-of-government framework.

                                     The panel also sees several advantages to augmenting potential data collec-
                                     tion efforts using modern crowdsourcing techniques, including open-source
                                     smartphone-based apps that simultaneously gather imaging data and other
                                     smartphone sensor data from multiple citizen observers. NASA should therefore
                                     explore the viability of developing or acquiring such a crowdsourcing system
FINDING
                                     as part of a future data strategy.
NASA’s expertise should be
comprehensively leveraged            As stated above, NASA’s fleet of Earth-observing satellites must also play a
as part of a robust and systematic   key role in collecting future data on environmental conditions coinciding with
data strategy within the whole-of-   UAP sightings. Despite the mismatch in spatial resolution between the present
government framework.                generation of satellites and typical UAP events, by gathering and analyzing
                                     future satellite data, we will undoubtedly gain insights into the typical environ-
                                     mental factors associated with UAP. Future missions, such as the NOAA/NASA
                                     Geostationary Extended Observations (GeoXO) satellite system, will provide
                                     even more robust data that will prove important in UAP analysis. NASA should
                                     also leverage sensors that expand its observational reach, such as penetrating
                                     deeper into the ocean or at the air/sea interfaces.

                                     Next, collection efforts from radio and optical astronomy that are designed for
                                     technosignature searches should be expanded from the Earth's atmosphere to
                                     the whole solar system. Additionally, near-Earth objects (NEO) programs also
                                     have significant data collections about phenomena close to Earth’s atmosphere,
                                     which constitutes an untapped repository of data both for characterizing natural
                                     phenomena and anomalies. NASA should consider integrating these elements
                                     as part of a robust future-data strategy.

                                     Finally, NASA’s very involvement in gathering future data will play an important
                                     role in reducing stigma associated with UAP reporting, which very likely leads
                                     to data attrition at present. NASA’s long-standing public trust, which is essential
                                     for communicating findings about these phenomena to citizens, is crucial for
                                     destigmatizing UAP reporting and scientific research. The scientific processes
                                     used by NASA encourage critical thinking; NASA can model for the public how
                                     to approach a topic, such as UAP, by applying transparent reporting and
                                     rigorous analyses when acquiring future data.


14
     Middle East Object
     Footage taken by an MQ-9 of an
     apparent silver, orb-like object in
     the Middle East. Due to limited data,
     the object remains unidentified.
     The appearance of U.S. Department of Defense
     (DoD) visual information does not imply or constitute
     DoD endorsement.


                                                             4   Which scientific analysis techniques currently in production could be
                                                                 employed to assess the nature and origins of UAP? Which types of
                                                                 analysis techniques should be developed?

                                                                 Artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) have proven to be essential
                                                                 tools for identifying rare occurrences within vast datasets. These method-
FINDING                                                          ologies, combined with NASA’s extensive experience and expertise, should
AI and ML, combined with NASA's                                  be utilized to investigate the nature and origins of UAP by examining data from
extensive expertise, should be utilized                          sources such as satellites and radar systems. However, the effectiveness of
to investigate the nature and origins                            AI and ML in studying UAP depends critically upon the quality of the data used
of UAP.                                                          to train the AI and in subsequent analysis. At present, UAP analysis is more
                                                                 limited by the quality of data than by the availability of techniques. As a
                                                                 consequence, it is a higher priority to obtain better quality data than it is to
                                                                 develop new analysis techniques.

                                                                 Once AARO and other agencies, including NASA, accumulate an extensive
                                                                 and well-curated catalog of baseline data, these can be used to train neural
                                                                 networks so that they can characterize deviations from normal. The panel finds
                                                                 that standard techniques that are routinely applied in astronomy, particle
                                                                 physics, and other areas of science can be adapted for these analyses.

                                                                 When it comes to detecting anomalies – such as UAP – within datasets, there
                                                                 are two approaches. The first approach involves constructing a model that
                                                                 represents the expected signal characteristics then searching for any matches
                                                                 against this model. The second approach involves using a model of the back-
                                                                 ground properties and searching for anything that deviates from that model.
                                                                 The panel notes that the first approach is difficult as we do not possess a
                                                                 consistent description of the physical characteristics of UAP. The second


15
                                                    approach, on the other hand, requires an understanding of what is considered
                                                    normal and known in a given search area, which can then be distinguished from
                                                    what is unusual and unknown. AARO has already begun this task by studying
                                                    what “normal” phenomena such as solar glint or balloons look like to military
                                                    sensors. The program of systematically calibrating observations of “normal” is
                                                    an essential step before starting to search for the abnormal.

                                                    A third potential avenue for scientific analysis is to cross-correlate NASA’s
                                                    extensive databases with the locations and times of reported UAP events.
                                                    Once an extensive list of UAP reports is made available, the panel regards this
FINDING                                             as a promising method for future analysis. Again, NASA's expertise in AI and
NASA, with its expertise in data calibration,       ML will allow it to make a prominent contribution.
management, and advanced analysis is
                                                    For any scientific analysis purposes, including UAP analysis, it is essential that
well-positioned to take a central role in
                                                    the data used for AI and ML are collected according to rigorous standards. The
these efforts.
                                                    data must be collected using calibrated instruments tailored to their respective
                                                    use cases accompanied by metadata to facilitate calibration and contextual
                                                    comprehension. Proper curation and integration of data are also critical for
                                                    enabling scientific analysis. To establish a baseline understanding, an exam-
                                                    ination of known events with precisely calibrated instruments is also neces-
                                                    sary. NASA, with its expertise in data calibration, management, and advanced
                                                    analysis is well-positioned to take a central role in these efforts within the
                                                    whole-of-government framework to assess UAP.


                                                5   In considering the factors above, what basic physical constraints
                                                    can be placed on the nature and origins of UAP?

                                                    Observations of UAP to date are inconsistent and do not adhere to similar
                                                    characteristics. As a consequence, it is difficult to put physical constraints on
                                                    them at present, which provides a strong motivation for the rigorous, evidence-
                                                    based framework articulated in this report. The strongest physical constraints
                                                    are not on the anomalous events but on the conventional events: we know the
                                                    range of velocities and accelerations that can be achieved by state-of-the art
                                                    platforms, drones, balloons and planes. Deviations from this behavior, such as
                                                    any well-characterized observation of velocities and accelerations outside of
                                                    that range, are scientifically interesting for UAP assessment and analysis. The
                                                    panel emphasizes that clearly determining distances is key to understanding
                                                    and corroborating any claimed anomalous high-velocity and high-acceleration
                                                    events, a fact borne out by AARO’s findings that the vast majority of UAP have
                                                    prosaic explanations.


16
                                              If the whole-of-government framework to understanding UAP – with NASA
FINDING                                       playing a crucial role – were to implement the preponderance of steps
The panel regards placing physical            prescribed above, then the panel regards placing physical constraints on UAP,
constraints on UAP, together with the         together with the suite of plausible natures and origins, as being within reach.
suite of plausible natures and origins,       If all unidentified events move at conventional speeds and accelerations, this
as being within reach.                        likely points towards a conventional explanation for these events. Convincing
                                              evidence of verified anomalous accelerations and velocity would point towards
                                              potentially novel explanations for UAP.


                                          6   What civilian airspace data related to UAPs have been collected by govern-
                                              ment agencies and are available for analysis to a) inform efforts to better
                                              understand the nature and origins of UAPs, and b) determine the risk of UAPs
                                              to the National Air Space (NAS)?

                                              Government agencies, including the FAA, gather civilian airspace data that can
                                              be analyzed to probe for UAP. These data include information obtained from
                                              air traffic control towers and radar systems. However it is essential to note that
FINDING
                                              such data are not always optimized or suitable for rigorous scientific analysis
With its world-leading expertise
                                              of UAP. The observations almost always happen incidentally using instruments
in data curation and organization,
                                              not specifically designed for detecting objects; furthermore, crucial contextual
NASA is well-positioned to advise
                                              information in the form of metadata is often missing. Although civilian airspace
on the best methodologies for
                                              data has been used by AARO to assist with the analysis of isolated UAP cases,
establishing repositories of civilian
                                              the broad corpus of such data is unlikely to yield a global understanding of the
airspace data.
                                              size, movement, or nature of UAP.

                                              Furthermore, at present, there is no standardized Federal system for making
                                              civilian UAP reports. While AARO is establishing a systematic mechanism for
                                              military and intelligence community UAP reports, current FAA guidelines instruct
                                              citizens wanting to report UAP to contact local law enforcement or one or more
                                              non-governmental organizations. As a result, the collection of data is sparse,
                                              unsystematic, and lacks any curation or vetting protocols.

                                              Here, once more, NASA can provide important assistance to the whole-of-
                                              government effort to understand UAP. With its world-leading expertise in data
                                              curation and organization, NASA is well-positioned to advise on the best
                                              methodologies for establishing repositories of civilian airspace data.


17
                                                             7     What current reporting protocols and air traffic management (ATM) data
                                                                   acquisition systems can be modified to acquire additional data on past
                                                                   and future UAPs?

                                                                   It is clear to the panel that establishing a more robust and systematic frame-
                                                                   work and data repository for UAP reporting is essential. This particularly
                                                                   applies to civilian reporting of UAP: current FAA guidelines suggest that
FINDING                                                            citizens wanting to report UAP contact their local law enforcement or one or
Leveraging the Aviation Safety                                     more non-governmental organizations, which is inadequate for drawing scientific
Reporting System for commercial                                    inferences. Although such eyewitness reports are often interesting and compel-
pilot UAP reporting would provide                                  ling, they are insufficient on their own for making definitive conclusions about
a critical database.                                               UAP. Thus, their effective corroboration within a robust reporting and follow-up
                                                                   framework based on systematically gathered data (including the ATM system)
                                                                   can provide a useful tool for understanding UAP.

                                                                   A particularly promising avenue for deeper integration within a systematic,
                                                                   evidenced-based framework for is the NASA’s Aviation Safety Reporting System
                                                                   (ASRS), which NASA administers for the FAA. This system is a confidential,
                                                                   voluntary, non-punitive reporting system that receives safety reports from pilots,
                                                                   air traffic controllers, dispatchers, cabin crew, ground operators, maintenance
                                                                   technicians, and UAS operators that provides a unique data source for emerg-
                                                                   ing UAS safety issues. ASRS receives reports describing close-calls, hazards,
                                                                   violations, and safety-related incidents. With 47 years of confidential safety
                                                                   reporting, ASRS has received more than 1,940,000 reports, averaging approx-
                                                                   imately 100,000 per year. Reports are received from all aspects of aviation
                                                                   operations. Although the system resides at NASA Ames and involves NASA
                                                                   employees, the ASRS program is solely funded by FAA and it is not part of
                                                                   NASA’s Aeronautics activity. Although not initially designed for UAP collection,
                                                                   leveraging this system for commercial pilot UAP reporting would provide a
                                                                   critical database that would be valuable for the whole-of-government effort
                                                                   to understand UAP, and here NASA should provide technical assistance.


     South Asian Object (Image 2)
     Footage taken by an MQ-9 of an unidentified object in South Asia with an apparent
     atmospheric wake or cavitation, later assessed as a likely commercial aircraft by
     the All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office. The cavitation is likely a sensor artifact
     resulting from video compression.
     The appearance of U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) visual information does not imply or constitute DoD endorsement.


18
                                        8   What potential enhancements to future ATM development efforts can
                                            be recommended to acquire data concerning future reported UAPs to
                                            assist in the effort to better understand the nature and origin of the UAPs?

                                            NASA’s deep experience in researching and developing air traffic management
                                            tools, together with its strong partnership with the FAA, will be pivotal to
                                            designing future ATM systems to acquire UAP data. At present, surveillance
FINDING                                     instruments are not designed to detect anomalous objects, and associated
NASA’s strong partnership with              metadata are often absent. NASA should begin by developing new concepts
the FAA will be pivotal to designing        and ideas for ATM systems, which enable these systems to assist in the effort
future air traffic management systems       to better understand UAP.
to acquire UAP data.
                                            NASA should leverage its expertise by reviewing and demonstrating passive
                                            sensing techniques. NASA should also consider platforms that include new types
                                            of data such as imaging data and even multispectral or hyperspectral data. In
                                            turn, NASA could conduct research to see whether machine learning algorithms
                                            could be incorporated into future ATM systems to detect and analyze UAP in
                                            real-time. This research would represent a complex undertaking whose outcome
                                            could allow for substantial and systematic gathering UAP data as well as a robust
                                            characterization of the background. Once again, NASA’s experience and exper-
                                            tise in these areas would allow it to provide critical assistance in identifying and
                                            evaluating new safety systems.


19
     This NASA Space Shuttle STS-100 image captures naturally occuring von Karman vortices forming in clouds
     near Rishiri-to island in Japan, caused by a stable, low-cloud atmosphere flowing over a tall obstacle.


20
     OVERALL CONCLUSIONS
     AND RECOMMENDATIONS
     We recommend that NASA play a prominent role in the whole-of-government effort to
     understand UAP by leveraging its extensive expertise to contribute to a comprehensive,
     evidence-based approach that is rooted in the scientific method. We specifically recom-
     mend that NASA utilize its existing and planned Earth-observing assets to probe the local
     environmental conditions associated with UAP that are initially detected by other means.
     In so doing, NASA can directly probe whether certain environmental factors are coinci-
     dent with known UAP. We further recommend that NASA explore enhancing collaborations
     with the U.S. commercial remote-sensing industry, which offer powerful constellations of
     high-resolution Earth-observing satellites.

     At present, the detection of UAP is often serendipitous, captured by sensors that were not
     designed or calibrated for this purpose, and which lack comprehensive metadata. Coupled
     with incomplete data archiving and curation, this means that the origin of numerous UAP
     remain uncertain. The importance of detecting UAP with multiple, well-calibrated sensors
     is thus paramount, and accordingly we recommend that NASA leverage its considerable
     expertise in this domain to potentially utilize multispectral or hyperspectral data as part
     of a rigorous data acquisition campaign.

     In turn, the panel finds that sophisticated data analysis techniques, including artificial
     intelligence and machine learning, must be used in a comprehensive UAP detection
     campaign when coupled with systematic data gathering and robust curation. Here, we
     recommend that NASA’s expertise in these key areas be contributed to the whole-of-
     government UAP effort.

     The panel finds that public engagement in the effort to better understand UAP will be vital.
     NASA, by lending its name to UAP studies, is already helping to reduce stigma associated
     with reporting. Beyond this, we recommend that NASA explore the viability of developing
     or acquiring a crowdsourcing system, such as open-source smartphone-based apps, to
     gather imaging data and other smartphone sensor data from multiple citizen observers
     as part of a wider effort to more systematically gather public UAP reports.

     Lastly, we recommend that the Aviation Safety Reporting System (ASRS) for commercial
     pilot UAP reporting be better leveraged, providing a critical database for the whole-of-
     government effort to understand UAP. The agency's long history of partnership with the
     FAA should also be capitalized to investigate how advanced, real-time analysis techniques
     could be applied to future generations of air traffic management (ATM) systems.

     In conclusion, NASA is uniquely positioned to contribute to a robust and systematic
     approach to studying UAP, furthering its mission of advancing scientific knowledge,
     technical expertise, and exploration. When considering the above recommendations, and
     according to budget priorities, NASA should leverage its core capabilities and expertise
     to determine whether it should take a leading or supporting role in implementing a given
     recommendation. The positioning of NASA’s role should further be situated within the
     context of the broader whole-of-government approach to understanding UAP.


21
     Sunset over the Indian Ocean, photographed by an Expedition 23 crew member on the International Space Station.


22
     ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
     The compilation of this report has been a significant task, made possible only
     through the collective efforts of a dedicated team of professionals. We would
     like to take a moment to acknowledge and express our gratitude to those who
     have been instrumental in this endeavor.

     At the forefront, our profound appreciation goes to NASA for their unwavering
     support and commitment. We are deeply grateful to NASA Administrator
     Sen. Bill Nelson for his visionary approach, recognizing the importance of
     NASA's involvement in this initiative. Dr. Daniel Evans, our Designated Federal
     Official, has provided exceptional leadership and guidance throughout this
     study. Our gratitude extends to Science Mission Directorate Associate
     Administrator Dr. Nicky Fox and her predecessor, Dr. Thomas Zurbuchen,
     for their invaluable advice. Additionally, a special mention must be made of
     NASA's Earth Science Division for graciously hosting this activity under the
     Earth Science Advisory Committee.

     Handling media inquiries with finesse and professionalism, Katherine Rohloff,
     NASA's UAP Press Secretary, has been an essential pillar in our communication
     strategy. Her dedication to ensuring accurate and effective communication
     of our findings to the public has been commendable.

     Our sincere thanks go to Dr. Sean Kirkpatrick, the Director of AARO. His
     expertise and collaboration have been invaluable, enriching our understanding
     and providing a solid foundation for our committee's work.

     Last, but certainly not least, the staff of NASA Research and Education Support
     Services (NRESS) have been the unsung heroes behind the scenes, ensuring
     that every logistical detail was meticulously addressed. We would like to
     extend our heartfelt gratitude to Renee Atkins and Sharon Smallwood for their
     dedication and unwavering support.

     To all mentioned and the countless others who have contributed behind the
     scenes, we extend our deepest gratitude. Your commitment, expertise, and
     passion have been the driving force behind this report, and we are profoundly
     thankful for your contributions.


23
     WORK PRODUCTS: DISCUSSION
     The panel's responses to the eight charge elements in the Terms of Reference, as well as the panel's overall recom-
     mendations and conclusions, all stemmed from a series of sub-panel reports that the entire team deliberated in full
     at the public meeting held on May 31, 2023. The reports are included in this section for full public transparency.

     UAP in a Scientific Context
     On June 9, 2022, NASA announced an independent study of unidentified anomalous phenomena (UAP), with a
     focus on identifying how the Agency could address the question scientifically. Recently, many credible witnesses,
     often military aviators, have reported seeing objects they did not recognize over U.S. airspace. Most of these events
     have since been explained, but a small handful cannot be immediately identified as known humanmade or natural
     phenomena. These events are now collectively referred to as UAP. But are these objects real or are they sensor arti-
     facts? Are they a threat to aerospace safety? Are they a threat to U.S. national security? Are they unknown natural
     phenomena? What else could they be?

     This report outlines several approaches NASA could take if the Agency chooses to address the question of UAP.

     A vital part of NASA’s mission is to explore the unknown. Often, the most exciting aspect of exploration is discov-
     ering unexplained phenomena. After discovery, the next step in charting the unknown requires applying rigorous
     scientific approaches to understand an observation. This means scrutinizing our assumptions and intuition; trans-
     parently and diligently collecting data; reproducing results; seeking independent evaluation; and finally, reaching a
     scientific consensus about the nature of an occurrence. It was Thomas Jefferson who, in an 1808 letter, wrote:
     “A thousand phenomena present themselves daily which we cannot explain, but where facts are suggested, bearing
     no analogy with the laws of nature as yet known to us, their verity needs proofs proportioned to their difficulty.”

     Today, we summarize Jefferson’s conclusion as “extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.” This is espe-
     cially true when it comes to claims that could profoundly change how we view our place in the cosmos. Over millennia,
     we’ve developed ever more powerful instruments to study the universe and each time we’ve looked at the sky—or our
     planet—in a different way, we’ve observed surprising and perplexing phenomena that at first defied explanation.

     For example, in 1967, astrophysics graduate student Jocelyn Bell-Burnell discovered a pulsing cosmic radio source.
     Its pulses were so regular—just like a ticking clock—that it at first seemed artificial in origin. But she eventually
     discovered that her confoundingly periodic cosmic object was a rapidly rotating neutron star: a pulsar. Today,
     scientists know of thousands of pulsars, and they can harness their clock-like rotation to probe everything from
     nuclear physics to gravitational waves produced by colliding supermassive black holes. In the 1960s, satellites also
     detected mysterious gamma-ray bursts. These initially looked like evidence for covert Cold War-era nuclear tests.
     Now, astronomers know that these tremendously energetic explosions are caused when massive stars cataclys-
     mically collapse and die, and when stellar corpses violently collide.

     Science has also solved mysteries that originated much closer to home, including the mechanisms behind biolumi-
     nescence and glittering atmospheric “sprites”—beautiful orange-red flashes of light that were reported for more than
     a hundred years but only scientifically explained recently. The crucial steps in understanding these events were the
     systematic collection of data, the rigorous testing of hypotheses, the development of new observational techniques
     to study unknowns, and an open and transparent scientific discussion.

     The scientific method challenges us to solve problems by stringently evaluating our own ideas, by being willing
     to be wrong, and by following the data into unknown territory—wherever it may lead us. As Carl Sagan wrote in
     The Demon-Haunted World, “science carries us toward an understanding of how the world is, rather than how
     we would wish it to be.”


24
     Science is a process that reveals reality rather than sculpts it—no matter how unsatisfying or confusing that reality
     might be.

     That includes the question of whether UAP have an extraterrestrial origin. There is an intellectual continuum between
     hypothesizing that faraway extraterrestrial civilizations might produce detectable technologies, and looking for those
     technologies closer to home. But in the search for life beyond Earth, extraterrestrial life itself must be the hypothesis
     of last resort—the answer we turn to only after ruling out all other possibilities. As Sherlock Holmes said, “Once you
     eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth.”

     To date, in the peer-reviewed scientific literature, there is no conclusive evidence suggesting an extraterrestrial
     origin for UAP. When it comes to UAP, the challenge we have is that the data needed to explain these anomalous
     sightings often do not exist; this includes eyewitness reports, which on their own can be interesting and compelling,
     but aren’t reproducible and usually lack the information needed to make any definitive conclusions about a
     phenomenon’s provenance.

     This report offers a vision of how NASA could contribute to understanding the phenomena and how the agency’s
     approach might complement efforts by other federal entities. Congress has made the Department of Defense’s
     All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office (AARO) the lead Federal organization for resolving these anomalies. With its
     emphasis on open scientific inquiry, NASA can complement AARO’s work.

     The following sections highlight the information provided to the panel, and our conclusions, over seven months of
     fact-finding.

     What is NASA’s Role?
     NASA is a science-driven agency committed to exploring and understanding air and space. That mission includes
     tackling unknown phenomena, whether in the farthest reaches of the universe or closer to home, as well as here
     on Earth. For more than 60 years, the Agency has focused on astronomy, astrophysics and aeronautics; it also
     uses space-based assets to study our home world’s aquatic, atmospheric, cryospheric, and terrestrial systems.

     As a result of NASA’s long and storied history of space (and space-based) research, the Agency has amassed a
     robust and rigorous scientific arsenal for investigating unexplained observations, which will be crucial for studying
     UAP. The Agency has a variety of existing and planned assets—plus a trove of historic and current data sets—that
     could be used to address the challenges of detecting and/or understanding UAP. NASA research also employs
     a wide range of observation and analytical methods, using calibrated sensors, advanced data analysis, modeling,
     and cutting-edge computational and data visualization tools. As such, NASA’s missions, data, and technical
     expertise in science and engineering could help to investigate and understand reported UAP.

     The panel considered how existing and/or planned NASA missions, data, experience, or studies might contribute to
     the understanding of UAP using global satellite and suborbital observations. Chiefly, NASA’s scientific discoveries,
     results, and databases are public. Already, an extensive data archive from NASA satellites and foreign partner space
     agencies is openly available, ensuring transparency as well as the opportunity for citizen scientist participation.

     In Earth science, NASA’s core mission is to understand and protect our home planet. Passive radiometric Earth-
     observing missions, such as NASA’s Terra and Aqua satellites, currently employ a range of sensors that collect
     information about Earth’s land, ocean, atmosphere, and other components. These data sets could help to identify
     weather, ocean, and other environmental characteristics coincident with UAP observations. New Earth-observing
     missions, such as NISAR (NASA-ISRO Synthetic Aperture Radar), a partnership with the Indian Space Research
     Organization, will provide valuable radar data that could be helpful for examining UAP directly, in addition to their
     environmental context.


25
     These newer observations live within a historical context. For more than 50 years, global time series data gathered
     by NASA (with partners including the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration [NOAA]) have allowed
     researchers to examine trends within and across components of Earth’s systems. Such long-term data sets help
     scientists better understand the evolving Earth, while also identifying natural and anthropogenic variability in the
     Earth system. Knowing that baseline allows researchers to detect and examine Earth’s environment for anomalies.
     Examples of naturally occurring anomalies include events such as harmful algal blooms, hurricanes and typhoons,
     changes in the jet stream, drought and fire conditions, and bioluminescence in the ocean. Understanding the origins
     of such large-scale phenomena is at the heart of NASA’s Earth science mission.

     NASA has a long and successful record of partnering with other Federal agencies. In the study of UAP, the
     establishment of a NASA/AARO liaison will be an important step towards enabling interagency cooperation.

     In addition to the Agency’s Earth science research programs, NASA also supports programs in astrobiology. Some
     of these programs investigate life in extreme environments on Earth—with the hypothesis that such organisms and
     conditions could be analogs for habitable environments elsewhere in the universe. Other programs investigate the
     possibility that extraterrestrial life exists.

     In astrophysics and space sciences, NASA is focused on understanding the universe. Looking for anomalies in both
     air and space will likely lead to novel discoveries; some might reveal entirely new physics, while others will be inter-
     esting and important even if their explanations lie in conventional physics. In time-domain astrophysics, researchers
     are increasingly interested in identifying unusual, transient events. At radio wavelengths, this includes the recent
     discovery of fast radio bursts, which astronomers are still struggling to understand. Recently, most innovation has
     been accomplished by combining information from multiple observatories that operate at different electromagnetic
     wavelengths, from radio and optical telescopes on the ground to ultraviolet and gamma-ray telescopes in space,
     and even with different messengers: neutrinos and gravitational waves. Observatories with extensive sky coverage
     and dense time coverage are ideal for spotting near-Earth objects with large proper motions and phenomena
     with anomalous time evolution. For example, the NASA Planetary Defense Coordination program is dedicated to
     leveraging NASA and partner astrophysical research assets to identify and classify near-Earth objects—such as
     asteroids—that move rapidly across the sky.

     In addition to its extensive Federal and international partnerships, NASA is also uniquely capable of leveraging
     public and private partnerships—for example, working with commercial partners in Earth-observing satellite data.
     These collaborations could result in new technologies that may be useful in observing and understanding UAP.
     Partners, including other Federal agencies such as NOAA and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), may collect
     data that could help to understand UAP. Moreover, NASA has a strong record of international collaboration, which
     could be beneficial, as the study of these phenomena would benefit from global cooperation and data sharing.
     Given NASA’s experience with long-term scientific projects and missions, the Agency is well equipped to handle
     the extensive and ongoing study that UAP investigation likely requires.

     Many scientists and aviators consider the study of UAP to be “fringe” at best. The panel heard a first-hand account
     of the type of stigma that may come from reporting UAP, which almost certainly leads to attrition in reporting.

     Recently, the DoD began encouraging military aviators to disclose anomalies they encountered, which resulted
     in a significant increase in UAP reports: Between March 5, 2021, and August 30, 2022, DoD received a total of 247
     new UAP reports, according to an analysis published by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI)
     in 2022. In contrast, 263 reports had been filed in the 17 years prior to March 2021. Dr. Sean Kirkpatrick reported at
     this panel’s public meeting that AARO has now collected more than 800 reported events. This includes the addition
     of data from the FAA. AARO and ODNI assess that the observed increase in the reporting rate is partially due to a


26
     better understanding of the possible threats that UAP may represent—either as flight safety hazards or as potential
     adversary collection platforms. This is partially due to reduced stigma surrounding UAP reporting.

     The negative stigma that impacts reporting rates in turn impacts the study of UAP. In testimony before the Senate
     Commerce, Science and Technology Committee on February 15, 2023, the Acting FAA Administrator was asked
     about the process for civilian reporting of balloons. The Administrator, who is also a pilot, indicated that the protocols
     and reporting of balloons may be spotty. Thus, even as such reports are being encouraged, there are still barriers
     to reporting observations. For example, how or where should someone make a report? Will the reporter be believed
     or shamed? Will any action be taken to understand the event?

     NASA could play an important role in destigmatizing the UAP reporting process. NASA’s long-standing public trust,
     which is essential for communicating findings about these phenomena to the public, is also crucial for destigma-
     tizing UAP reporting. The scientific processes used by NASA encourage critical thinking and skepticism; within this
     framework, there should be no credulous acceptance of unlikely reports with unlikely explanations. NASA can model
     for the public how to approach a topic, such as UAP, by applying transparent reporting and rigorous analyses.

     Further, the NASA brand is trusted, global, and positive, representing science, curiosity, and technological achieve-
     ment in the face of adversity. NASA serves as an example of professionalism and leadership in technological
     advancement. The NASA logo is enough to generate interest and credibility; studies of things that were previously
     fringe moved into the mainstream when NASA became involved. Prominent examples of NASA's involvement in
     public life include slogans like “NASA is with you when you fly,” which promote aviation safety. In turn, every U.S.
     commercial aircraft and every U.S. air traffic control tower has NASA-supported technology on board.

     NASA’s public announcement of its UAP Independent Study Team membership was met with interest and spurred
     both positive and negative feedback. At least one scientist serving on the study team reported receiving negative
     (hate) mail from colleagues due to their membership. Others were ridiculed and criticized on social media. Study
     Team members also noted firsthand knowledge of colleagues who were warned to stay away from research in areas
     like extraterrestrial technosignatures, which could damage their scientific credibility and promotion potential. These
     experiences further confirm the negative stigma associated with studying unusual or unexplained phenomena. Such
     criticism, either by detractors or by proponents of the extraterrestrial hypothesis, are anathema to the scientific
     method, which NASA always has and will continue to promote in an objective and open-minded fashion.

     As a Federal agency, NASA can make it safer for researchers to explore data within the civilian aerospace domain
     by starting that work within the Agency itself. NASA can look at how civil data is shared, study how reporting can
     be incentivized, and help to engage the community. For example, NASA can rally the civil space community through
     requests for information, by convening conferences, by offering grand challenges, and other activities.

     Many Federal, state, local, private, and other domestic and international partners collect data and observations
     that could be relevant for understanding UAP. As an example, NASA’s potential to study the universe is enhanced
     through partnerships with other agencies, such as the National Science Foundation (NSF) and the Department of
     Energy (DoE), which are currently building facilities such as the Vera C. Rubin Observatory that will generate data
     that may be useful for understanding UAP in space. NASA’s ability to study Earth is enhanced through partnerships
     with NSF, which supports Antarctic research. The Antarctic is a superb environment for collecting meteorites. With
     its low level of human activity, it is a low “clutter” environment for identifying anomalies. Such sparsely occupied
     airspaces may offer a low background environment for UAP searches; however, it is unclear as to whether or not
     constraining the search geographically would exclude their presence, or whether environmental phenomena could
     also be a significant, location-dependent source of noise.

     The Federal partnership between AARO and NASA already provides a foundation for a collaborative examination
     of UAP events. In addition, NASA and AARO should engage other agencies, as appropriate and as needed.


27
     A well-known UAP event is the “GoFast” video, recorded by navy aviators from
     the USS Theodore Roosevelt. A still frame from this video is shown in the Figure
     below, where the infrared camera has locked onto a small object in the center.
     The video gives an impression of an object skimming above the ocean at a great
     velocity. But analysis of the numerical information on the display reveals a less
     extraordinary interpretation.


     The circled numbers in the image provide the information needed to estimate the object’s
     altitude and velocity. This information includes (1) elevation angle of the camera (negative
     = downward), (2) azimuth angle of the camera, (3) target range in nautical miles, (4) the
     aircraft’s altitude in feet, (5) time reference in seconds, and (6) indicated air speed in knots.
     Using items 1, 3, and 4, plus a bit of trigonometry, we calculate that the object is at an
     altitude of 13,000 feet, and 4.2 miles from the ocean behind it (see middle panel). Given
     that the aircraft’s groundspeed is about 435 mph, we may conclude that the impression
     of rapid motion is at least partly due to the high velocity of the sensor, coupled with the
     parallax effect.

     We can use other information from the display to place some limits on the true velocity of
     the object. This analysis is summarized in the right-hand panel, which depicts an overhead
     view of the encounter during a 22-second interval. The jet was banking left at about 15°
     during this time, which corresponds to an approximate turning radius of 16 kilometers.
     We know the range and bearing of the object at the start (t=0s) and end (t=22s) times.
     Using the calculated true air speed (TAS) and a bit more trigonometry, we find the object
     moved about 390 meters during this 22-second interval, which corresponds to an average
     speed of 40 mph. This is a typical wind speed at 13,000 feet.

     Our calculation has neglected wind effects on the aircraft, and thus there is uncertainty in
     this result. But the analysis reveals that the object need not be moving at an extraordinary
     velocity. Note also that the object appears bright against a dark ocean for these display
     settings. This indicates that the object is colder than the ocean. There is thus no evidence
     of heat produced by a propulsion system. This further supports the conjecture that the object
     is most likely drifting with the wind. The availability of additional data would enable a more
     firm conclusion about the nature of this object.

     Original GoFast video, released by the Department of Defense:
     https://www.navair.navy.mil/foia/documents


28
     U.S. Federal agencies that could support the effort to understand UAP include the DoD, Department of State,
     the FAA, the Department of Commerce (DoC) and major agencies within DoC including NOAA, the National Institute
     of Standards and Technology, and the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, plus the DoE and NSF.

     Data on UAP
     Status of Existing Data
     NASA collects an enormous amount of data using highly-calibrated, validated equipment from a variety of environ-
     ments and domains across the entire Earth. Could NASA bring this same approach of rigorous science to UAP?

     Before we can apply the scientific method to understanding an unusual phenomenon, the relevant data must first
     meet standards for data-driven approaches. Many such standards have been codified over time, including the FAIR
     data principle—an acronym for Findability, Accessibility, Interoperability, and Reusability2. We followed these and
     other similar principles when reviewing the current status of data on UAP, and that analysis led to the findings and
     recommendations in this report.

     UAP data are rarely, if ever, collected in a concerted effort to understand the phenomenon; they are usually
     coincidental observations. Often, observations of UAP are made using instruments or sensors that have not
     been designed or calibrated to detect anomalous objects, and to constrain their movement parameters. Metadata
     (meaning sensor type, manufacturer, noise characteristics, time of acquisition, instrument sensitivity, information
     about the data storage such as bit-depth, location of the sensor, conditions of the sensor such as temperature,
     exposure characteristics, and so on) are often absent, making calibration and a thorough understanding of context
     difficult. So, there is correspondingly limited information associated with many of the unresolved UAP reports—
     even if several reports are accompanied by photographic or videographic evidence.

     As a result, existing observations are neither optimized for studying UAP nor are they suited for a systematic
     scientific analysis.

     In addition, much of the data collected by military sensors or intelligence satellites are classified—often because
     of what the imagery could reveal about U.S. technical capabilities to our adversaries, and not because of what
     is actually in the images. While essential for security, these classified observations enhance the sense of mystery
     and conspiracy surrounding UAP, and they present an obstacle to scientific inquiry.

     For many events, the data and metadata did not enable a conclusive characterization of the size, motion, or nature
     of the UAP. Yet, where it did, such as in the “GoFast” UAP video, the apparent anomalous behavior of the UAP can
     often be explained by the motion of the sensor platform3.

     In contrast, NASA observations are made using well-calibrated instruments that have been designed for their
     specific use cases. This is how NASA can scientifically approach the study of Earth- and space-based phenomena.

     In science, data need to be reproducible, and hypotheses falsifiable—the scientific method works by systematically
     analyzing data with the intent to falsify a hypothesis.

     As a general principle, the data should support measurement that can rule out specific explanations or interpretations,
     leaving us with no choice but to embrace its opposite. In the case of UAP, the hypothesis we seek to reject (or “null
     hypothesis”) is that the UAP have phenomenology consistent with known natural or technological causes. Eye-
     witness reports should be considered along with corroborating sensor data in the study of UAP as reports may
     reveal patterns (for example, clusters in time or location). Yet, without calibrated sensor data to accompany it,
     no report can provide conclusive evidence on the nature of UAP or enable a study into the details of what was
     witnessed. While witnesses may be inherently credible, reports are not repeatable by others, and they do not allow
     a complete investigation into possible cognitive biases and errors (such as accuracy in perception, or misperception
     caused by environmental factors, errors in the recording device, judgment or misjudgment of distance or speed, for
     2 https://www.nature.com/articles/sdata201618
     3 Dr. Sean Kirkpatrick’s presentation to this committee, May 31, 2023


29
     example). Therefore, the reports do not alone constitute data that can support a repeatable, reproducible analysis,
     and the hypothesis that what was witnessed was a manifestation of known natural or technological phenomena
     cannot be falsified.

     Collecting New Data
     The instrumental characteristics of the equipment that can potentially capture UAP data are important information
     that should be available for researchers studying the observations. This is essential for a data- driven study of UAP.
     These characteristics may include lab-measured (rather than field-reported) error rates of sensors that are routinely
     used by both civilian and military aircraft; modeling of optical “ghosting” in the images due to scattering of solar
     and lunar glints within the camera system; solar or bright star glints from oceans’ surfaces; and noise sources
     intrinsic to the sensors themselves.

     Multisensor platforms are important for providing a complete picture of a UAP event. An object’s motion should be
     recorded, as well as its shape (imaging data), color (multispectra or hyperspectral data) and any sounds and other
     characteristics. Crowd-sourced observations that are standardized can also offer important metadata information
     that can be used to filter and classify events.

     The panel sees an advantage to augmenting potential data collection efforts using modern crowd-sourcing
     techniques, including open-source smartphone-based apps. Using open-source software is consistent with NASA’s
     commitment to transparency. From multiple near-simultaneous observations with smartphones, imaging and sound
     data could be collated, and metadata used to triangulate an object’s location and estimate its velocity and size.

     Such a database could be developed through a partnership involving AARO, NASA, and commercial partners. The
     collected data would need to meet the standards described above, so platform developers would need to focus on
     constructing a data architecture that would support such collection. NASA can use its experience in citizen science
     projects to help minimize data noise, systematic errors, and cognitive biases related to human observed events
     (as opposed to sensors).

     Once an anomalous signal is identified, new discovery infrastructure may be needed to characterize it in full. Collecting
     additional data on a rapidly evolving phenomenon of interest has become a common practice in astrophysics,
     but collection of what in astrophysics is referred to as “follow-up data” requires a high level of automation in the
     collection, reduction, (real time) analysis of the discovery data, and robotization of follow-up facilities. While NASA
     has historically paved the way for this mode of observing by developing and supporting the General Coordinates
     Network (GCN) that enables rapid coordination of observations from ground and space assets, consideration of
     developing such an infrastructure should follow after careful planning of the discovery data as outlined above as
     such a plan is significantly resource-intensive. If systematic studies of these events continue to reveal anomalies,
     then future studies may consider optimizing such a system of follow-up observations.

     Data Curation and Integration
     There is no standardized Federal system for making civilian UAP reports. While the DoD is establishing a systematic
     mechanism for military UAP reports, current FAA guidelines instruct persons wanting to report UAP to contact local
     law enforcement or a non-governmental organization such as the National UFO Reporting Center4. This results in
     inhomogeneously collected, processed, and curated data.

     Integrating NASA’s open, civilian dataset with DoD’s more focused, restricted information would take some effort.
     Additionally, data integration opportunities exist with NOAA. Assets such as the NEXRAD Doppler radar network
     (160 weather radars jointly operated by the FAA, U.S. Air Force, and National Weather Service) or the Geostationary
     Operational Environmental Satellites may be very useful for distinguishing interesting objects from airborne (wind-
     borne) clutter.


     4 https://www.faa.gov/air_traffic/publications/atpubs/atc_html/chap9_section_8.html


30
     Commercial remote sensing systems could be another source of high-quality UAP-relevant data, as high-resolution,
     high-cadence imagery captured by dense satellite constellations could resolve UAP events. For instance, commercial
     constellations provide daily (or more frequent) cadence imagery, at sub- to several- meter spatial resolution. However,
     integrating anomalous events across platforms, including radar data and commercial downward looking satellites,
     is an expensive exercise.

     In addition to integration, data curation is also an important part of the scientific approach. Currently, studying even
     a single UAP event requires a heavy lift in retrieving data (and metadata, when available), which at the moment
     is entirely manual. It cannot be automated due to the poor organization and curation of the data. Organized data
     repositories are needed to facilitate automation in retrieving UAP data—and therefore, to facilitate the systematic,
     scientific approach to studying UAP. NASA’s extensive experience in data calibration, cleaning, curation, manage-
     ment, and distribution, and its practice of making all of its data accessible to the public, could be leveraged to set
     up curated data repositories for the study of UAP. These repositories could include data from NASA assets that are
     suitable for the study of UAP, as well as crowd-sourced data from NASA-related platforms.

     Curated public repositories of UAP data would facilitate data mining (or knowledge discovery from data) by scientists
     and citizen scientists. Several platforms built for analyzing scientific data have led to historical scientific discoveries.
     For example, the Galaxy Zoo, a platform that collects astrophysical data and enables citizen-scientist projects, led
     to the discovery of Boyajian’s Star—a star with unique and peculiar fluctuations in brightness that at one point was
     considered a potential signature of alien technology. Years later, the star’s behavior was understood to be the work
     of a disk of disrupted comets.

     A strategy that encourages citizen analysis of UAP data would bring an element of transparency to the field that
     could help combat biases, preconceived skepticism, and mistrust of authorities. Opening the analysis to a large
     audience would also improve robustness: Multiple competing but independent teams, working on solving science’s
     biggest questions, provide an additional layer of verification. As an example, the unexpected finding that the
     universe is expanding at an accelerating rate (because of the mysterious force that we now call “dark energy”)
     is a good example of how that might work. In the 1990s, two independent teams simultaneously found evidence
     for the accelerating cosmos using data that had been collected and analyzed independently.

     Analyzing UAP Data
     When searching for a signal in data, scientists often have to separate and extract it from a complex background of
     signals produced by unrelated phenomena—commonly referred to as simply “background,” noise, or clutter. Therefore,
     when looking for rare and unusual events, a common strategy is to search where there is little background noise. For
     example, neutrino experiments are often conducted underground (e.g. the Gran Sasso National Laboratory in Italy,
     IceCUBE in Antarctica); most particles cannot reach those depths because they are absorbed by the Earth. Meteorite
     hunters are often most successful in Antarctica—any rock found on top of a glacier is an interesting object.

     In contrast, the airspace near military sites is a challenging place to search for UAP: human aircrafts, drones,
     balloons, and other objects, are all significant sources of background.

     Geographically, sparsely occupied airspaces—such above the South Pole—may offer a low background environment
     for UAP searches. But UAP are poorly understood, and it’s not clear whether limiting the search geographically
     would exclude their presence, or whether environmental phenomena could also be a significant, location-dependent
     source of noise. Another background-limiting strategy would be to examine astronomical plates for satellites prior
     to 1959, when Sputnik, the first artificial satellite of Earth5 launched. (Although, if something unusual were to be found
     in historical astronomical plates, it would be difficult to verify its nature with additional data, as historical records may
     be incomplete, lost, intractable, not reproducible, and at best laborious to cross-reference.)


     5 https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0094576522000480


31
     Fortunately, modern analytical techniques have improved our ability to find extremely rare signals within a sea of clutter,
     whether that is one Higgs event in 1010 collisions with the Large Hadron Collider, or a small number of photons from an
     exoplanet hiding in a billion stellar background photons. If the background cannot be minimized, it has to be charac-
     terized in detail and completely; detailed knowledge of the signatures (morphological, spectroscopic, kinematic) of all
     known airborne events need to be incorporated to eliminate spurious detections of known phenomena. This requires
     an extensive study of known events with accurately calibrated instruments.

     There are numerous balloons and drones in the air at any moment. Observers may report some of these conven-
     tional objects as anomalies. The DoD already has the responsibility of alert response to unexplained aircraft in U.S.
     airspace. NASA could be a partner in the search for aerospatial events by enabling cross-identification with anom-
     alies in the Earth-space environment. Since NASA data are already public and offered to the world in well-curated
     repositories accessible programmatically, the Agency’s portfolio is set up to enable cross-referencing with NASA
     data and contribute to this characterization.

     A database that supports the characterization of background signals should include information about the launch
     rate of balloons (weather, scientific, commercial, hobbyist, and military—where allowed by national security
     considerations); number of aircraft in the sky across the United States and the globe; daily drone launch rate
     within U.S. airspace; as well as characteristics of the appearance and motion capabilities of these items.

     There are two approaches to detecting anomalies in large datasets. If you are looking for a needle in a haystack,
     one approach is to have a detailed model of the properties of needles and look for anything that looks like a needle.
     The other approach is to have an accurate model of the properties of hay and look for anything that looks different
     from hay.

     In the first approach, if one knows the signal to expect, a model (or simulations) can be developed to look for that
     signal in large datasets. While we may be able to anticipate the sorts of signals produced by physical systems that
     adhere to known laws of physics, we cannot comprehensively envision all possible signals that could explain UAP,
     or that come from new technology or new physics (were it adversarial, extraterrestrial, or a naturally occurring but
     as-of-yet unknown phenomena).

     The alternative approach to detecting anomalies requires a deep and thorough knowledge of what is normal and
     known, which can subsequently be separated from what is anomalous and unknown.

     Machine learning has emerged as a powerful tool for the search for rare events, such as the creation of a Higgs Boson
     at an accelerator, the detection of rare cancer types, or the detection of fraudulent credit card charges to intrusions in
     cyber infrastructure. Machine learning and AI can play a role in the study of UAP, but not until the data both meet the
     standards described above and enable an extensive characterization of known and anomalous signals.

     A recommendation about which methodologies specifically should be applied to this problem cannot be given at this
     time, as that selection depends on the nature of the data to be analyzed. Thus this question should be asked after
     (or ideally together with) the questions pertaining to UAP observing platforms and curated repositories for UAP data.
     Once the nature of the data is established, selecting algorithms for their analysis can be completed.

     However, in the broad and lively domain of anomaly detection it is likely that methodologies for studying UAP
     already exist or can be adapted from analytical methods developed in other fields. Developing entirely new method-
     ologies will likely be unnecessary and even a waste of resources, though adapting existing methods will still require
     some amount of dedicated effort. NASA could leverage its name, broad reach, and popularity to encourage and
     support an extensive review of existing methods for anomaly detection in the context of multidisciplinary confer-
     ences, workshops, and data challenges with mock datasets.


32
     Observations Beyond Earth’s Atmosphere
     Even if all of the UAP events have conventional origins, the search for signs of life beyond Earth is a compelling scientific
     quest. For many years, researchers in astrobiology and SETI, the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence, have focused
     on developing the techniques and methods needed to spot life’s signatures in the cosmos. To do that, they must first
     identify an anomalous signature—perhaps something suggestive of life—and then determine if that signature has an
     explanation based on known phenomena or if it reveals previously undetected biological or even technological activity.

     These NASA-supported scientific communities have relevant experience in first determining and then communicating
     whether observations that might at first appear extraordinary actually justify making extraordinary claims6,7.

     Many of NASA’s science missions are, at least in part, focused on answering the question of whether life exists beyond
     Earth. Those investigations include missions looking for biosignatures, perhaps on Mars or the icy moons orbiting
     Jupiter and Saturn—as well as farther afield, in the ratios of molecules present in exoplanet atmospheres.

     Searching for signs of alien technology is a natural extension of those investigations. In 2017, Jill Tarter, one of the
     pioneers in the scientific search for extraterrestrial intelligence, coined the term “technosignatures” to capture the
     breadth of technologies that might be detectable. Today, we consider technosignatures to be the fingerprints of an
     advanced civilization in the same way that we consider metabolic byproducts, or ratios of atmospheric gases, to be
     the fingerprints of biology.

     NASA funded short-lived searches for radio technosignatures decades ago. More recently, the agency funded a study
     of potential atmospheric technosignatures on exoplanets; it also supported a survey for the waste heat generated by
     Dyson spheres in existing infrared data. Such surveys provide useful astrophysical data even in the absence of a
     technosignature discovery. In addition, solar system exploration offers multiple possibilities for technosignature
     searches at modest additional costs. These studies could provide scientifically useful results whether or not they
     identify technosignatures.

     NASA is the lead agency for solar system exploration. It already has an active program of detecting objects in our solar
     neighborhood using both ground-based and space-based facilities, and it could leverage those capabilities to search
     for objects in space with anomalous motion or trajectories. For example, we are capable of launching spacecraft that
     can escape Earth’s orbit—and even escape the Sun’s gravity. A more advanced civilization could be capable of build-
     ing crafts that can travel much faster than the 45 km/s escape velocity from Earth’s orbit, or even the 600 km/s escape
     velocity from our Galaxy. Interstellar travel would likely require such speeds and may entail travel at relativistic veloc-
     ities. Searching for high velocity objects moving through our solar system is an example of a high risk of failure/high
     value of return study. In addition to looking for anomalous velocities in new or existing datasets, search programs
     could target objects with unusual light curves, acceleration, spectral signatures, or other relevant anomalies.

     Currently planned or existing NASA missions can widen their scope to include searching for extraterrestrial techno-
     signatures in planetary atmospheres, on planetary surfaces, or in near-Earth space. These searches generally wouldn’t
     require changes in hardware or data acquisition, but may simply require new directions in data analysis. For example,
     high sensitivity studies of the stable Earth-Moon Lagrange points might conceivably find technosignatures but would
     likely have a high scientific payoff, such as possibly finding remnants of the collision that formed our Moon.

     At this point there is no reason to conclude that existing UAP reports have an extraterrestrial source. However, if we
     acknowledge that as one possibility, then those objects must have traveled through our solar system to get here.
     Just as the galaxy does not stop at the outskirts of the solar system, the solar system also includes Earth and its
     environs. Thus, there is an intellectual continuum between extrasolar technosignatures, solar system SETI, and
     potential unknown alien technology operating in Earth’s atmosphere. If we recognize the plausibility of any
     of these, then we should recognize that all are at least plausible.

     6 Community Report From the Biosignatures Standards of Evidence Workshop - https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.14293
     7 National Academies Independent Review of the Community Report from the Biosignature Standards of Evidence Workshop: Report Series Committee on Astrobiology
       and Planetary Sciences (2022) - https://nap.nationalacademies.org/catalog/26621/independent-review-of-the-community-report-from-the-biosignature-standards-of-
       evidence-workshop


33
