{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T20:32:56Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 18, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1912487, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/project-blue-book-status-report-number-8.pdf", "source_sha256": "0c4bf847e89931d1664ff0e32262a446364ec146e5aa956b17dac7ec142f97dd"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 31, "chars": 286, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED
SECURITY
INFORMATION
STATUS REPORT
PROJECT BLUE BOOK - REPORT NO. 8
FORMERLY PROJECT GRUDGE
PROJECT NO. 10073
31 DECEMBER
: 1952
DECLASSIFIED
Authority NND P23007
AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 105, "chars": 763, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1. Information conflicting with or pertinently affecting
that contained in this publication should be forwarded by the
recipient directly to:
Commanding General
Air Techoical Intelligeace Center
Fright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio
This in no way abrogates or alters responsibility for sending
such information or any pertinent intelligence data through
already established intelligence collection channels of the
various services or agencies of che U.S. government.
2. WARNING: This document contains information af-
fecting the national defense of the United States within the
meaning of the Espionage Law, Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 793
and 794. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in
any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 132, "chars": 844, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
This report is the eighth of a series of Status Reports of Project Blue
Book.
Normally each report is written on or near the last of each month and
includes all project activities for that month.
This procedure has not been
followed during the months of June, July, August, September and October dua
to an extremely heavy workload caused by an increase in reports.
The proce
dure of listing all reported sightings will also be eliminated in this report
since 886 reports were received during the period covered by this report and
compiling such a list would not be feasible at the present time.
Any additional information may be obtained on any incident by directing
requests to the Commanding General, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Attn:
ATIAA-5, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2389, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
STATUS OF PROJECT BLUE BOOK
I.
OVERALD STATUS
The period since the last status report of this project was published
(Project Blue Book Status Report #7, 31 May 1952) has produced a volume of
reports exceeding the total number of reports received in the period 1947 to
31 Deo 51.
For the month of Jul 52, the total was over 440 reports. During
the period 1 Jun 52 to 31 Oct 52, the period covered by this status report,
886 reports have been received, evaluated, cross-indexed and filed.
total of 886 represents 149 more reports than had been received during the
previous five-year period this project has been in existance. It should be
noted that these reports are those coming through official channels to ATIC
and do not include the approximately 800 letters received from the public
during this period.
A noticeable increase in reports started in Jun 52 and reached a peak
on 28 Jul 52 when 43 reports were received (see Appendix I). Much of the
increased volume of reports can be accredited to the widespread publicity
given by Life, Time, Look and many other magazines and newspapers. One no-
ticeable characteristic of the reports is that in general the quality has
improved, a factor which resulted from the distribution of Air Force Letter
200-5 Subject:
"Reporting of Unidentified Flying Objects", and to wide-
spread briefings given by Project Blue Book briefing teams.
In Jul 52 the workload of project personnel had risen to the point that
the number of personnel was increased to a total of four officers, two air-
men, and two secretaries. For a period of 45 days, a weather officer was on
TDY to the project.
All reports received were screened and evaluated as soon as possible
after they were received. A breakdown as to the evaluations of the reports
is given below. The categories used in the evaluation of reports are as
follows:
As Unknown
These are reports that contain relatively enough data to eval-
uate, but cannot be associated with any known phenomenon or object.
a possibility that some of these reported objects or phenomena in this cate-
gory could be identified if more background data on balloon tracks, aircraft
movements, etc. were available.
Be Insufficient Data
This category represents reports which do not contain enough
data to evaluate. A great many of the cases are due to poor reporting on the
UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 462, "chars": 2794, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
part of the reporting agency. All cases where there is only a single observer;
unless his or her reliability is unquestionable, are put in this category.
C. Aircraft
This category of reports varies from those reports of objects that
were definitely proven to be aircraft to those that were possibly aircraft. In
evaluating reports as aircraft, a great deal of importance is put on any com-
ments by the reporting officer about local air traffic.
Another criterion is
the elevation of the reported object. It has been found that if an observer sees
an aircraft above a 60° angle from the horizon and is in a relatively quiet lo-
cation, he can hear the sound of the aireratt..
Thus all reports of moving
lights at night or "shiny" objects in the daytime, moving at moderately fast
speeds (i.e., in view for 2-5 minutes), and observed below 60° could be aircraft
and are evaluated as aireraft. Conversely, any object that passes directly over;
or within 30° of the zenith of an observer, at moderately fast speeds and if no
sound is heard, is not likely to be an aireraft.
Do Balloons
Several criteria are used to determine whether a reported object
was or possibly was a balloon.
Objects that are reported to hover or move very
slowly could be balloons. In this type of report, the times are checked. All
weather balloons in the United States are launched at 0300Z, 0900Z, 1500Z and
tos chedie teen reported ne
If an object is reported near a balloon launch site within an hour after
these scheduled launch times, it is classed as a balloon. If the object is mov-
ing and a track is reported, the track is checked against winds aloft for that
area. If the reported movement is with the wind at any altitude, the object
could be a balloon. Many balloons are tracked by radio and radar and in these
cases, the actual track of the balloon can be correlated with the data obtained
from the observers•
The possibility of observers seeing balloons that have developed
slow leaks and have drifted long distances is always present. In cases where
the description of the object is identical to that of a balloon and yet no bal-
loons can be positively determined as having been in that area, the report is
evaluated as possibly a balloon on the chance that a balloon has become "lost"
and has drifted into the area.
E. Astronomical
Reporta in this category are those that are proven to be or are
similiar in all respects to known astronomical bodies such as meteors, fireballs,
planets, or stars.
The estimated azimuth and elevation of a reported object and
the time of the observation can be checked to determine the known location of
astronomical bodies. In some cases, this is done by project personnel and in
more difficult cases by an astronomer.
UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 121, "chars": 1049, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
Meteors are identified mainly by the observer's description as to
size, shape, and maneuvers. In some cases, exceptionally large meteors or
fireballs are plotted by observatories and these plots are obtained.
F. Other
This category contains reports that have been proven to be known
objects or phenomena, or the descriptions of the reported objects are similiar
to reports of known objects that do not fall into the above categories. Ex-
amples of these are birds, anomalous radar phenomena, bugs, eto.
A percentage breakdown of the evaluation of reports is as follows:
A. June
Category
No. Reports
57
23
% Total
Unknown
Insufficient Data
Aircraft
Balloons
Astronomical
Other
22
22
9
147
38.77
15.64
9.52
14.96
14.96
6.12
100.00%
B. July
Unknown
Insufficient Data
Aircraft
Balloons
Astronomical
Other
93
118
52
107
57
15
42
21.04
26.69
11.76
24.21•
12.89
2-2
00.00
C. August
Unknown
Insufficient Data
Aircraft
Balloons
Astronomical
Other
2
8
70
22
9
218
15•59
25.23
12.84
32.11
10,09
4.13
100.007
UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 170, "chars": 1378, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DECLASSIFIED
Authority NND 423007
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED
Category
De September
No. Reports
% Total
Unknown
Insufficient Data
Aircraft
Balloons
Astronomical
Other
22
20
7
12
79
27.85
25-32
5.86
15•19
15.19
7.59
100.00%
E. Cumulative total for June, July, Augusty and September
Unknown
206
23.25
Insufficient Data
216
24.38
Aircraft
101
11.39
Balloons
211
Astronomical
113
23.81
Other
39
12.75
886
4.40
100.00%
(Note: No breakdown for the month of October 1952 is included since at the
time this report was written all October reports had not been evaluated.)
II. SPECIAL REPORT ON CONFERENCE WITH 44 PROFESSIONAL ASTRONOMERS
During the past summer a professional astronomer, under contract with
AlLO as a consultant on Project Blue Book, held conferences with 4u protes-
sional astronomers in the 0.S.A. and sumitted a report of nis findings.
Those people were either contacted on trips or at professional society meet-
ings.
Of these, 5 had observed objects or phenomena they could not readily
explain. The feelings of the 44 astronomers toward the investigation of un-
identified flying objects were as follows:
Completely Indifferent
Mildly Indifferent
Mildly Interested
Very Interested
% Total
6%
27%
40%
17%
100%
Number
7
12
17
8
Although the report is too lengthy to reproduce in total, an excerpt
from the summary of the report is as follows:
UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 475, "chars": 2947, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
"Over 40 astronomers were interviewed, of which five had made sight-
ings of one sort or another.
This is a higher percentage than among the pop-
ulace at large.
Perhaps this is to be expected, since astronomers do, after
all, watch the skies.
On the other hand, they will not likely be fooled by
balloons, airoraft, and similiar objects, as may the general populace.
It is interesting to remark upon the attitude of the astronomers
interviewed. The great majority were neither hostile nor overly interested;
they gave one the general feeling that all flying saucer reports could be
explained as misrepresentations of well-known objects and that there was
nothing intrinsic in the situation to cause concern.
I took the time to talk
rather seriously with a few of them, and to acquaint them with the fact that
some of the sightings were truly puzzling and not at all easily explainable.
Their interest was almost immediately aroused, indicating that their general
lethargy is due to lack of information on the subject.
And certainly another
contributing factor to their desire not to talk about these things is their
overwhelming fear of publicity. One headline in the nation's papers to the
effect that "Astronomer Sees Flying Saucer" would be enough to brand the as-
tronomer as questionable among his colleagues. Since I was able to talk with
the men in confidence, I was able to gather very much more of their inner
thoughts on the subject than a reporter or an interrogator would have been
able to do. Actual hostility is rare; concern with their own inmediate
scientific problems is too great.
There seems to be no convenient method by
which problems can be attacked, and most astronomers do not wish to become
involved, not only because of the danger of publicity but because the data
seems tenuous and unreliable."
PRESS CONFERENGE
On 29 Jul 52 a press conference was held in the Pentagon to answer the
many questions that were being directed to the Air Force by the press.
conference was held by Major General John A. Samford, Director of Intelligence,
USAF.
Others participating were Major General Roger M. Ramey, Director of
Operations, USA, and officers of the Air Technical Intelligence Center.
In essence General Samford stated that to date there were no indications
that any of the reported objects that could not be identified constitute a
menace to the United States.
However, the Air Force would continue to give
the subject "adequate, but not frantic attention".
IV. PROPOSED THEORIES AS TO THE NATURE OF THE REPORTS
Several widely publicized theories as to the nature of the reported ob-
jects or phenomena have been advanced in recent months. These theories have
been discussed with authorities on the subject of atmospheric physics and
they have agreed that none of the theories so far proposed would account for
more than a very small percentage of the reports, if any.
5
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 371, "chars": 2434, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
STATUS OF STATISTICAL ANALYSIS
In the spring of 1952 the Air Technical Intelligence Center established
a project with a civilian contractor to make a statistical analysis of all
incidents. As of 31 Oct 52, all reports for 1947, 1948, 1949, 1950, and 1951
By the end of October the
data to date on 1952 incidents will be on punch cards ready for a preliminary
analysis by statisticians.
When this is completed, the contractor will begin work on the coding of
the 1952 reports. No completion date has been established for this phase.
It is not contemplated that the 1952 reports will be completed in the near
future, because, as was stated in Section I of this report, the total for the
year of 1952 exceeds the total number of reports for all previous years.
VI.
TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
A questionnaire or technical information sheat to be filled out by ob-
servers making a visual sighting was completed in Oct 52. Preliminary work
on this questionnaire began in May 52. A panel consisting of Blue Book per-
sonnel and several civilian scientists and engineers met and drafted a list
of questions whose answers would be needed in evaluating reports.
These
questions were then given to a panel of psychologists who reworded them and
made them into questionnaire form, Test samples of these questionnaires were
reproduced and sent to persons reporting sightings. As test questionnaires
were completed and returned by observers they were studied by the psychol-
ogists and others.
Several such test questionnaires were developed before a
final form was established. The final questionnaire is inclosed in this re-
port as Appendix 1I=
These questionnaires are now being sent directly from ATIC to all per-
sons making reports, if a mailing address is in the report. This includes
both reports made by military in accordance with AFL 200-5 and reports made
directly to ATIC by civilians.
VIL•
COOPERATION OF AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
Excellent cooperation has been received from the Air Defense Command in
the utilization of their radar, fighter aircraft and the Ground Observer Corps.
ADC has directed all their radar sites that are equipped with operational
radar scope cameras to keep these cameras on a 24-hour alert basis. It has
been found that scope photos are an extremely valuable aid when it is neces-
sary to evaluate reports of extremely high speed or unusual radar tracks.
6
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 439, "chars": 2787, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED
A secondary duty of the Ground Observer Corps is the reporting of uniden-
tified aerial phenomena or objecta. This duty was established by ADO Regula-
tion 55-31.
VIII. NAVY REPORTING REGULATION
On 26 Sep 52 the United States Navy published an OPNAV very siniliar to
AFL 200-5. This notice directs all naval unite and installations to report
sightings directly to Hq USAF, ATIC, ADC, and other agencies.
IX. BALLOON AND WEATHER DATA
In order to achieve more positive identification of unidentified flying
objects, the Air Technical Intelligence Center has establiahed channels of
communication with the Air Weather Service, wheroby the track of any weather
balloon released by the USAF, US Navy, or Weather Bureau, within the conti-
nental limits of the United States or from US ships at sea and overseas bases,
can be obtained. Basically the system works as follons: It the analyst at
ATIC concludes, by reason of the description of a UPO, or the time and place
of the sighting, that the UPO is possibly a weather balloon, he initiates and
transmits to AWS a specifio request for the tracks of all weather balloon re-
leases at or near that time and place. Comparison of these tracks with the
Flyobrpt frequently completes the analysis of the report.
Additionally, the US Navy and the USAF are currently engaged in the
launching of special project upper air research balloons. These balloons
are plastio polyethylene, a highly reflective surface, and since they often
are on the order of one-hundred feet in diameter, they are visible to the
naked eye under certain atmospheric conditions, even at extreme altitudes.
Further, the loads carried are usually heavy and metallic, and electronie
contact with these balloons can occur. In view of this situation, ATIC has,
through the Ent Weather Central, Ent AFB, Colorado, taken steps to obtain
the tracks of all such balloon releases, and these tracks have often resulted
in positive identification of a UFO. To cite cases in point, the tracks of
sixteen flights released in July by a US Navy contractor resulted in four
positive, two probable, and four possible identifleations of UPo's.
Another factor having a great deal of bearing in the analysis of a
Flyobrpt, though it may not be the actual cause, is the meteorological con-
dition of the atmosphere at the time and place of sighting.
To obtain this
data, the Air Techndcal Intelligence Center utilizes three sources.
Firatly,
when detailed information is needed immediately, it can often be obtained
from the Base Weather Office at W-P AFB. Secondly, since ATIC receives daily
RAOB's, constant pressure charts, surface charts and winds aloft charts, the
necessary information is frequently on hand. Thirdly, when the data needed
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 452, "chars": 3028, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED
is voluminous and complex, and time is relatively unimportant, the Air Techni-
cal Intelligence Center utilizes the records of the Air Weather Service in
exactly the same manner as that employed in obtaining weather balloon release
data.
X.
CAMERAS
In an effort to obtain technical information concerning UFO's, ATIC has
underway a program for the distribution of a large number of stereo cameras
equipped with a diffraction grating over one lens.
The camera in question is
called the "Videon". It contains two F3.5 lenses with focal lengths of 45mm.
As supplied by ATIC, the shutter speed and distance settings will be locked
at 1/20th of a second and infinity, respectively.
The "Videon" utilizes stan-
dard 35mm cartridge film, and is extremely simple to operate.
The diffraction grating actually consists of a thin cellulose compound
which contains 15,000 vertical "hairlines" to the linear inch.
It is mounted
between two sheets of optical glass and placed over one lens of the Videon
by means of a filter adapter ring.
The grating operates on precisely the
same principle as a prism; it separates a light into its component parts which
will appear as well defined spectrum bands upon the film. Since each chemical
as all dotined spears o
element emits a wave of characteristic length, and the grating, so to speak;
"picks up" these characteristics and shows them as significant bands on the
film, comparative study of the film is expected to reveal much data concern-
ing the chemical composition of a given UFO.
described above, does not represent the epitome of scientific equipment, how-
ever, actual comparison with other models has revealed that it offers a good
probability for success in accomplishing the stated purpose, and this factor,
along with the economy and availability factors, was responsible for ATIC's
decision to purchase and distribute these cameras.
Simultaneously with the experimentation involving ground cameras, ATIC
mounted diffraction gratings over the lenses of 16mm gun cameras of F-86
aireraft of the 97th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, W-P AFB.
These fighters
then undertook air-air photography of known light sources, and the spectrums
obtained were comparable to those obtained with the Videon; the smaller film
surprisingly enough recorded eguivalent definition and band separation.
Therefore, as a part of the long range program, ATIC is considering the possi-
bility of equipping certain USAF fighter-interceptor aircraft with diffraction
gratings for air-air photographic coverage of UFO!s.
At present, ATIC is negotiating with Hq ADO, a plan for the placement of
a certain number of Videon cameras with AC&W Squadrons. Similiarly, Videon
cameras may be distributed to tower operators of AACS.
Future plans allow
for the procurement and placement of more Videon cameras and the placement
of the diffraction grids in aircraft, however, these plans are entirely con-
tingent upon the degree of success obtained in present operations.
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 27, "chars": 184, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
UNCLASSIFIED

CONFIDENTIAL

Al. RECENT SIGHTINGS

Appendix III gives summaries of a few of the reports made to ATIC during
the period covered by this report.

CON NTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED :

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 39, "chars": 281, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
APPENDIX I
This chart shows the frequency of reports during the months of June,
July, August, and September 1952.
The dates of publication of several mag-
azine articles and widely publicized incidents are noted on the chart.
10
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 21, "chars": 168, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
APPENDIT LI
The final form of the questionnatre used for the interrogation of observers
making visual sightings.
13
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 250, "chars": 1643, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much
information as possible concerning the unidentified gerial phenomenon that you have observed.
Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will
be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not
be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for
further details.
1 When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
Hour
Minutes
Day
Month
Year
(Circle One):
A.M. Or P.M.
3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
•. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard
Neorest Postal Address
City or Town
State or Country
Additional remarks:
5. Estimate how long you saw the object.
Hours
Minutes
Seconda
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
Certain
c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain
d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight
d. Just a trace of daylight
•. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember
7.
IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at
the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. in back of you
c. To your right
d. To your left
e. Overhead
f.
Don't remember
14
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSI

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1690, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. None
o. Bright moonlight
b. A few
b. Dull moonlight
c. Many
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember
d. Don't remember
9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One):
a. Yes
b. No
c. Don't remember
10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
o. Other -
11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
d. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
(Circle One for each question)
No
Don't Know
No
Don't Know
No
Don't Know
No
Don't Know
No
Don't Know
No
Don't Know
No
Don't Know
12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
Yes
No
Don't Know.
it moved behind:
IF you answered YES, then tell what
13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
Yes
No
Don't Know.
it moved in front of: -
IF you answered YES, than tell what
14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):
a. Solid?
b. Transparent?
c. Don't Know.
15. Did you obsarve the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
Yes
No
b. Sun glasses
Yes
No
c. Windshield
Yes
No
d. Window glass
Yes
No
Binoculars
i: Toloscore
g. Theodolite
h. Other
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
No
No
15
CONFID SAFIED AL
INCLAS

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 118, "chars": 750, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
16. Tell in a fow words the following things about the object.
a. Sound
b. Color
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you sow such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place
on arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other -
19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
16
CONFIDENTIAL.
UNCLASSIFIED
