{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T04:34:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 45, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3387306, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/project-blue-book-43-pages.pdf", "source_sha256": "1c04ccf23166d871b6fd966ded9ef05b0ab8d657c311c3832ac3980d76b15cea"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 552, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DECLASSIFICATION EFFORTS AND RESEARCH OF:
THE BLACK VAULT
THE BLACK VAULT IS THE LARGEST ONLINE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT/ GOVERNMENT
RECORD CLEARING HOUSE IN THE WORLD. THE RESEARCH EFFORTS HERE ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DECLASSIFICATION OF THOUSANDS OF DOCUMENTS THROUGHOUT THE U.S. GOVERNMENT,
AND ALL CAN BE DOWNLOADED BY VISITING:
HTTP://WWW.BLACKVAULT.COM
YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO FORWARD THIS DOCUMENT TO YOUR FRIENDS, BUT
PLEASE KEEP THIS IDENTIFYING IMAGE AT THE TOP OF THE
PDF SO OTHERS CAN DOWNLOAD MORE!

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 81, "chars": 597, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
11TH WING
OL-P: 11 CS/SCSR (FOIA)
1000 Air Force Pentagon
washington DC 20330-1000
11:9 AUG 1996
Mr. John Greenewald, Jr.
Address Removed
For Privacy Issues
Dear Mr. Creenewald
This is in response to your August 8, 1996, Freedom of
Information Act requests.
He forwarded your request to the National Archives and
Records Administration, Archives Review Branch, Room 1BH,
Washington, DC 20408.
They Will reply directly to you.
AlC Smalley is our action ottiger on (703) 695-4992.
Sincerely
Freedom of
Information Marager
96-1346
WORLD-CLASS PEOPLE - WORLO-CLASS SUPPORT

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 479, "chars": 3174, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
...a
..?.
...:
HOUSE COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES
F. EDMARD HERFRI, LoaDe
HALTIN PRICE, Ulcul
•. С. ГЕНЕК, 'Ґехал
PORTER HARDT, In, Firelo
CHARTER F
BENNETT, Marida
RAMUEL 9. BTEATTON, Nry Tort
CTI9 G. FIKE, Her Yuth
HICHARD ¿DICÉJ ICHORD, HIvourl
LOÇIEN H.
ALTUN LENNOM, Mortb Carolian
#ITHAN J, HATDALL Hindr
G, FILEEN HAQAN, Grurge
CHARLER E. AILSON, Culturüin
ROBRET L, TOUUNTT. Callfurna
L. MENDEL RYERE, gouth Corollar, S7-irman
TILLIAH H. RATE, Hmansebusetta
LEBTIE CAREFDS. Minola
ALTIF LOKONĄEI, Harunnin
WILLIAN O, ARAT, Ladonn
BOR WILHUN, Cellarulu
CHARLEE R. GUDANI, CrEarbla
CHAKLEȘ E CHLHBERLAIN, Michiran
ALEIANDEH PIRNIE, Her Iork
DURWARD G. HALL, MlaMur
DONALD D. CLANCY, Ohio
LORERT T. STAFFORD, Ferment
RICHARD 8, ACORHIKED, Funnzrrenla
TRANE D. ITAYS, Cottato
RODNET IL LOVE, THo
PLOTD T. HICES. WashIngton
HARTHF 0. MACHEN, Harland
BPENDT O. LONG. Loulzine
D. H. JOHNNY WALERE, Her Herloo
BANTIAGO POLANCO ABREU, Fuerto Hi, Reoldout Moomiationer
THOFEHBIORAL GTAFF
JUGN I, EMANUNDI, Chief Gaured
PAILIP IT. KELLAHIE, DoNArel
FLAME M. SUATIMaCE, Connect
ALTH MAENHALI, Protafonal Slar Sent
June Fora, Fraternandi aron Membor
[No. 55J
URIDENTIFITD FLYING OBJECTS
IlODED OF REPREENTATIYER,
COMMITTEE OF ARKPO SERFICeA
Waszingten, D.C.Itenlay, 4pril 6, 1966.
The committee met, pursuant to call, at 10:95 a.m., the Honorable L
Mendel Riverz (chaizman of the corimittee), presiding.
The CHAIRMAN. Let the committee come to order.
Members of the committee, Secretary Brown and General McCon.
all are back this morning for the purpose di nepending to questong
it the end of our last hearing I asked that Secretary Brown given
Book, which is the group charged with responsibility wilt supect lo
TED's Also present this morning is Muj. Hector Quintanil, 1r.,
UHO project ofticer,
I think it would be mall to pet the UFO busines out of the way fint.
So I vill nak Dr. Brown to give us his report at this time
Mr. Secretary, see if you can shed somo light on these highly illumi.
nated ohjecta.
To can't just write then off. There are too many responsible prople
who are concerned.
Mr. Ford hs coma ont, he has a pretty good size stature in the Can-
gren, and so tell mo what you toon, sir. Secretary, and let's sea if tre
can have some snamere.
Go shend, Mr. Secretary
Secretary Brown, Mr. Chatrman, I have a lecter horo which is ad-
gresen to you, and Taigned it Tetmerun through it quickly, because
i summerses pricty well what our views are on unidentified flying
Following that, it there a come questiche, can cry to answer theern,
or the Chiet, or Dr. Rynet, ar Mejor Quintanillo.
The CEnTMAN. Why don't me have the doctor come up to the table
now, because when we slart asking questione ve will have him there,
and we will just o all oter the board.
Sit at the end of thetable, Doctor.
Go ahend, sir.
SINTEWENT OF HON. HAROLD BROWN, SECHETART OF AIR FORCE
Secretary Brown. This is in responte of your rocent request for
information concerning Air Force activities in the aren of reported
unidentified flying objects,
Within the Department of Defense the Air Force has the respon-
bibility of investiguting reports on unidentified Aying objects and of
(5541)

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1023, "chars": 6556, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
evaluating any possible threat to our national security that such ab-
jects might pose.
In carrying out this responsibility let me assure
you that the Air Foren is both objectire and thorough in its reat-
ment of all repurts of unusual april objects over the Uniled States.
Under the name "Project Blue Book,
the AiT Force carries out a
thres phase program.
We. (1) make an initial investigution of each
report received, (2) make a more detailed analysis of reports not
explained; and (3) disseminate information on sightings, findings,
and statistoz
In order to evaluate this subject us thoroughly as possible, the
capabilities of the Air Force Scientific Advisory Bourd have recently
been focused upon the subject of LEUS.
This Board has just com-
pleted a detailed review of this subject and concluded that the UFO
phenomena presents no threat to the security of the United States,
had been well egalized preday the Board are ne
orgunzed. Recommendations by the Roard are pre
sently under study and are expected to lesd to even stronger emphane
on the scientific aspects of investigating the sightings that warrant
extensive analysis.
Based upon 10,147 reported sightings from 1947 through 1965, $
eummary of which isattached, F heliere it significant that the Air Korce
hen succeeded in identifying 9,501 of these objects,
Virtually all of
these sightings were derived from subjective human observationy and
interpretationa
The most common of these were astronomical sight
inga that included such things as bright stars and planets, comets and
meteota, and fireballs and anroral streamers.
Other major sources of reported sightings include such objects a
eatellites, mirageg, and spurious radar, Indications.
The reming
648 reported sightings are those in which the information avaladle
does not provide an adequale basis for analysis, or for which the in-
formation suggests an bypothesis but the object or phenomenon ex-
plaining it cannot he proven to have been here or taken place at that
In evaluating these sightings, the Air Foreo has used carefully
selected and highly qualified scientists, engineers, techmicians, ani
consultants. These personnel lnve utilized the finest Air Force labo
ratories, test centers, scientific instrumentation, and technical eguip-
ment for this purpos
Although the pent 18 years of investigating unidentified fying ob
jorta have not identified any threat to nur national security, or evidence
that the unidentifier abjects represent derelopmenly or principles
beyond present-day scientifi knowledge, or any evidence or HIla
tertestrial vehicles, the Air Force mill
continue to investigate such
phenomens with an open mind and with the finest technical equip-
I am attaching a special report of the UGAR Scientifo Advisor
Board Ad Hoo Committee To Revies Project "Blue Book," the latee
edition of Project Blue Book, dated February 1, 1966, and an Air
Fome statement regarding the UFO sirhtings at Dexter, Nich, 0o
March 20, 1966, and at Tillscale, Much,
on March 21, 1906
I trust that the above information will le of assistance to you.
If I
can help you further in any way, please do not hagitute to let me know.
5993
(The information referred to is as
follors:)
Fightings of unidentified fring objecte
TeAr
Total
Lnient idleel
Year
Total
sighting
Unideotiled
136
210
140
601
500
ALLE
1, 0
12
• 5899=7==
1956
19.78
1060
102L
EL7
300
E57
171
Latit.
TuLI
APA
10,117
AIN FORCE BrATEZENT READINO TRE UFO SIONTNdE AT
DEXTEM MIUI., UN
BLARCE 20, 1M, AND HALLAALL, MICA., ON MARCE 21, 1907
Tbe loreatigation of tber two sigbtloge ma conducted by Dr, J. Allen Hymek,
slentle consultant to Project Mlue Book: pergonnel Croni Selfridg+ Alr Force
Rase, Mich,: 901 personnel from the Project, Rlne Book offire nt Wright-Patter-
In addittoo do theor too gpecide cases, there has boen a Bood of reporta from
this area loth before and after March 20 aml 21.
The Investlgoting personnel
bate rot had the time to investigate all of thee. It has been determined Inan-
ever, thal in Hilledule, oer and above the sincere nod bobeet teporting by the
FunE lates at. Illsdale College, critain yong meo buve plured pranks with
It has niso been decermibed that the photogropha releawal yesterdur
through tbe prez: #as taken on March 17 jut before sourlee hear Milan, Mlich.,
and hate oothing to do will the vass lo questloc,
The photogroph charly
showa trule made asa trenlt ofu time exposure of tbe rising criment moon and
the planet Fenue,
The majority of obserters fo bulb the Dexter and Hilladalę cure bave reported
ody mient flowing ligate rear the grand--red, fellow, and blue green.
The our two obeertere who did describe an
object have stated that ther
A vard better than a
quarter of a tille BIay—a lintmare which does ont allow details to be determined.
Witnessen have described glowing Ights lights lad seem to more bat
детет far from a definite place or liøbte which noddenly trappented and poppl
The locale 10 botb cente war a wump.
In both cheer, the
loaton of the dow iam bingointer—in Detter it was wen berween too dirtant
groups of tople and al illadale it was gren in a spampe depreason between
the girle und the distant (74r.
It man in both cases a ferr lucalizel phenomena.
The swampy location Li most signifiennt.
dewamp te a place of rotting verelalion and decomponition.
a prince of atronome.
Iet, the famnue Duteh ashroomer, Minnnert, 1o bie
bok, "Light and Colour in the Open Alri
decriben lichte that hare been aren
lo anamps by the donusuner, Desrel, And other eirellent pherrvers.
remble tur dares sometimes seen right on the ground and notetimes refug
dod dontltig abort it.
The flames go out in die ploce and suddenir appear in
aother, giving tbe linaloo of motion.
The culore are sometimes pellos, some
times red, and eometitoer hirpreen.
No hent is felt, and the liebts do not burn
Ther cun appear for hours at a wretch and sometimes for
• whole night.
Geuerally, there 1я no smeli and no pound except for the poppier
soni a little explaions sich as when a дня burner igulley,
The rotting vegetation protos moreh eur whleh can he trapped during the
When the sprine thaw orrora, the ses mas tr released In surge
Tho feroe, Minnaert ars, Is a form of chemical lominesceboe, and ita
low temperature ta one of its pornline Tentiare,
Exartly boy It more la not
9 and gld wel be te xiect e forther Iovestigntlen.
The glowing lights prer the suDA NeAr Dexter und Allenle were nhaerved
br 2 or 3 bournand they were red. green, nodd Jellen,
aidewaye and to rlucy whort diatonre,
No solar! whe hendl except a poppine

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1335, "chars": 8460, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5994
It deem edtlrely Itels that ag
the present spring thaw crue, tbe trapper
• - гвзя, ÇH, H.S, and PEo resoltinę frum decomposition of organio material,
were Teleweed.
The chemletry book by
Alenko und Plane has this to rag: "In
alr, Phosphine PH, dataliy hurat into flame appareoti, because E ls iguiled by
• spontuoevua vidatoo uf the impure lt.
The will-at-the wiet, sometimer
obæerved fo marthee, mag be dne to spontaneous laultloo of impore PH, whirh
might be formed br reducton of tutorally ocearrioe phosporu comonel."
It has been poloted out to the luvertiguttog perponml Dy olber erlenriata In
thia area that lo awamge the formation of E.S and CEl. from rotting regetatlon
There could be igalted by the spondameous burninz uf lH,
The assoclation of the elchtinge with saampo ln this particular Enstance lo
No group of witnessr choerted nny eraft coing to or
gring amay frun the ewAmp,
The glow was localizrd, aim Deputt Fitzpatric
deerlbed lhe glom fran beyond n rer adfacent to the swanp ax risihle thrrugh
the treee. He stated that the light brightrm und dmi soch us Hage du—
bíș exacțę
fite the Illadale gishting
Bla0.
The brigbtenlng and dimmiue could hure boen due to the ruleug of vert-
able gantțe of marz ga
The disappearaoce of the lighte when people got close witb fosbligbta or car-
ligbts would lodeate Lhot the flom seel bricht to dark-adapter p7ey.
night *as dark and there #es ou moo.
The Hilladale zirle Hept their roome
dark io order to ere the swamy Ighth.
It appears very likely that the combinaton of the conditions af thin particolar
winter (an unueually molld one in that aren) and the partieular senther rondl-
todo of that olcht-it wag clear and there mee tittle wind ut eltber loretlin-
mere duch ao to have producti thin unisnal and puzzling dieplar.
HerCIAL RAPORT OF TEE UBAF BOLENIIIO ANYTBOET Forno Ao Hoc CouMIrIa
To REYLE# FAOJECT BLUI HOOK
i
AM requested lo a memorandum from Maj. Gen. E. R, LeRn|ly, Secretary ol
Force Ouleer of Informatlon, doted Septemher 28,
1915 (teb 4), a
Arentido Advlgorr Hoord Ad Hoc Committee met on Februotr 7, 19ff, to revier'
Prajeet Rine Book.
The objectivaz of the conmittee are to reriew the resourcen
and metboda of lovestlzation brescribed by Profect Blue Hank and to adrlse the
Alr Force of aby Improvemente tbat cao be cade lo lbe prozzio to enhance
the Alr Force'r capabllity lo carrytog out ita responebililg.
In order to brino tbemselves op to date, the membero of the crmmittre inltleny
reviewed the fudinzs of previous eclentific panels charged with looklug into tbe
UFO problem Particulat attention wes gireo to the report of the Robertson
panel which woe rendered ln Januarg Ior
The committer next beard briefings
trom the AFSC Forelgo Technologr Divirlon, whleh lu the cognizant Air Herce
agebey chat collates intormatlon on LIFO sigbtingo and manitors Investigntloun
Finail, the committee rerlered beleçbed case bietarice of
UFO alghtinge with partienlar emphans on thone that havę bot been Identified.
Althodgh abont 8 percebt (646) of all sightlogs {10,147} fn the Jeare 1947
throuzh 1005 are leted by the Air Force ae "Unidentlfed," It eppeare to the
committee that most of the macs an lated ate Almplt thone ln whleh the lotor.
matton argilable doeg vot provide an adequate hani for analFAle.
nectiot It lo toportant aleo to bote that po unidentibed objecta other than thone
of ao petronclcal nature hare ever beem obserzed durioz routoe дэося]
studlex, la guite of the large bumber of observine honra which hare teen derobed
An exemplen of thin the Palomar Obeervatory Sky Atlas contaite
epte 5000 bilatee monde with lerfe lostrumenta wlth vide field of vier; the
Harvard meteor prolect of I04 0b provided some 9,900 bonre of nhaervatlon;
Stalthaoblon vleuel 'prolle netiror providec ZAO obsęrving houra
e engle boldenlifed object bas been reported ao appraring on ony of these
plates or been alghted fienelly lo all thebe obrervationa,
The committee concluded that ln the 19 geary aince the Orst CFO mae aignted
there hay berb no eridenre that unidentlfed fylng objecte ure e threat lo vur
nalioual gecurily.
Having arrived at this conclusion the committee then turned
its attention to conniderlog bow the Alr Force should baudle tbe açientife anganta
5995
of the UFO problem. Onavolahlo these nre oleo related to dir Farce poble
relatinbe, n subject on #bieh the comtittee le not empert.
Thus the reent-
mendatiens whirb fries atr modr atmolg from the scientife Iaint of view.
IL. COTCTURIOSE ARD RECOMMENDATIONH
It la the opfnion of the committee tbat the present Alr Force program dealine
with TFO rightlogs bas been vell erganised. altbotgb the rosources aegigned
to it louif rue officer, a sergeant, und scretaryy baze beeo quite limited.
geare abn mote thaD I0UM sigbtings recorded and classifie, there appeare to be
uu verlied and fullf getiaeclory eridemp of anyazar Ibet le clearis ootalde
the framework of presently kurwo eclence and terhaniogy.
Nererthelese, tbere
la alwago tbe possibility lbat abalyis of bew siebtinge maz provide some
additlone to eclentife koowledre of votme to the Air Force.
Moreozer, Bom CI
the etne recordo whłch the committee looked that were liated ag "Identitied" vere
algotloze where the evidebce collerted was too megger or loo lodefnite to permit
positite Lating in tbe Identided entegorf.
Becatse af this the committee noom-
wende thot the present program be strenethened to provide opportunlty for scieb-
tlde investizacon of belected alghtloga Io more detal and depth than tus beeu
possible to daler
To accomplish thia lt le recommened that—
(a) Contract» be begotiated witl a tew selected nntvereltiea to provide
erentlic teamo to lovertigate promptly and io depth certalo selected night-
ugs p 10
should incluile ut lenst one perchologist, pret-
erably nne interested lo ciluical parchnlors, and ae lenst one physical sclen-
clot, preternbl eu aslronomer or geopbyalelet fam|liar with atmospberic
The animereitles chould be choren to provide foo gengrarbieal
dietrihutlon, eod ebould be witblo cobrenlent dietance of a bure uf the Air
Force Systemy Cummand (AFSO).
(bl Ateach AFSC baco en ulcer atillad in larentigation ‹bat not nette-
BArily with ecleolifo treiniog) avuld be deelgnated to work with the cor-
гееродліде universitą team Lor that peogmpbical seettoo,
gentatite uf tbe alr Fone Ofer of Sprint Inpeatlgatlons (OSI) migbt he
a logical chaiee for thte.
(e) One university or obe dot-for-proft arganlzation should lo telected
to coordinate the mork of the besme uentloned ander (a) alore, And also to
take certain of verf cloce roomanication and coordination will the Ofce
uf Projert Blue Ronk.
It is thought that Ferheps 100 siębtinge o rear mighl br suhjerte to thie
close study, nod that possibiy an avernge of 10 mat-dare miebt be regelred per
Highling o etudled.
The Infarontinn provided br furh & program might bring
to light new facto of scientife ralue, and monld almoel verlainy provide o for
letter besla than we bave todoy for declalon on a long-term UFO proçram.
The sclentiflo reports on lhere rhected atchtlngs, vopplementing the pregent,
brugre of the Prolect Blue Book office, should strensthen the publle pusttion
ul the Alr Force on L.FO'H.
It 1», tberefore, cecotmended tbat-
(a) These reports be printed lo fall and be avatlable on regnent
(bI Soltable abstracte or condenaod fersions be prinded eud lucluded in,
OI nM Amtplemento to, the publisbed reports of Project Bide Book.
(0) The form of report (as trplfed by Project Blue Bock daled Felr-
roury 1, 1900) be expanded and anrthlng whteb might suggest that Informa-
tion 1e belaz witbheld (auch ao the wording on page 5 of the nhove rited
reference] be deleted.
The form of thia report can be of prest Importance
le securiog publie understhodlog aud should be alven detailed ntods br at
approprlate Air Forre nöire,
(d) The reports Project Blue Bock abond be given wide entolicited
citeulatioo nmong piomipent Membery of the Courress and
other publie
bertone as a turtler ald to publie understanding of the scleutife approach
elog teleu by the AiT Rotce in attackine the MIFO problem
DEFARTHENT OF THe Alr ForcE
OFFICE OF THE AReAATART
Iarhinpton, A.C., deptember 28, 1465.
Menorandum for mullitary dreutur, sulentide udrlgort board
Sundect: Coldentifled dring objecte (T:FO'e]
In keeplng with ita air defense rule, lbo Alr Force bas the reanonibllits for
ibe invetløatlon of boldentifed fring objects reported over te Unier Blates

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1009, "chars": 6733, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*.
5996
The name of this project is Blue Brok (attachment 11.
Procedures for cont
doctoe tbio program are establisbed br Air Force cecuation 200-2 (attach-
The Ait Force bae condurted Pruled Blue Dook ano 1949.
As of Tune 30,
1465, a Lotal of QZAT reporte had been iovertigutel by the Alr Force.
9,207 reports, 685 cannot beerplalued.
It has been determined by the Asaintant Deputy Chlet of Staff/llane and
Operations that Prolect Blde Book iN a worthwalle program which denertes the
gapport of all alad ageocles aod mojor commula and that tbe Air Force rhoold
continee to investieste and analyse All UFO reporto In order to assure thut
quch ojecte do not greatul a threat to our national acurity.
Tbe Analutant
Deputy Cbief of StaM/Plans and
haa determined also that tbe
Norelgn Terbuologs Dirielon (FTD) at Wriøht-Fatterson Air Force Hase should
contitoe to exercia: its presully assigned responsibilities concerning CFO'ę,
To date, tbe Air Force bas found no evidence tbat uny of the CHO reporta
reflecte a tbrent to onr untoual security,
Hometer, many of the reporte that
cannol he erplalmed have come from Intefligeut and tarbhically woll qualibed
ludlylduele whose lotegrity cannot be doubted
In additiou, the reportu reerived
ofielalf by tbe AIr Force include onlo a fraculon of the epectucular reporte
#hich are publicized braus private CFO organizalions.
Aerordingly, It le requested that a working acientlfo panel compreed of both
physical and social eclentlate be organizel to revlem Projeet Blue Bout—lts re,
sourred, methods, and fodlors and to udyise tbe Alr Force an to sup improve-
meoty that showd be made io the program lo order to carry out the Alr Force'e
aaaigned rergnoedblitir,
Dr. J. Allen
Hrnet who lo tbe ebalrman of the Dearborn Observators at
Norihwestern University le the selentife consultant to Project Blue Frik.
He
bas lodicated a wiilingnees to work with auch a manel lo onder to place tbie
probleto la lte prnper perspective.
Dr, Hynek han discused this problem with Dr.. Winaton R. Marter, the
former Alr Force Chiet Srientiat.
E. B, LEBALLI,
aajor 17meral, TAF, Director of Information.
AGENDA
Tharaday, 9 February 1960
peco
0805
810
OHHO
1000
1115
11+0
181d
Welcomlog rematka: Commabder or vice commander, FTD.
Introduction: Dr. O'Brlen, HAR,
The Air Force problem: Ileutenant Colobel Spaullug, HAFOT.
Brlefing on ProJect Blte Bork: Major Quintanina, FTD,
Break,
Review of selected cane hietarien: FTD Etatt.
Lutch,
Execotive and wrlling gestion.
#TEOLAL BEPORT OF THE UNAF AÇTENTIFIC ADVIGORI BOARD AD FOG COMMITTEL
TO REVIEW PROJECT BLUE BOOK
Diatrihutton
Brmll
SATOI
AFRDĆ.-_
Capira
celery ot le ale Forca Ofes of Informatio
Committes manute (1 ext! Dr.
DCH/Foreign Technotars 1AFE
Wise Were enoug, Dirton
Chasman, LE
BAB secolaritt.
A FRAA-
AFDIA.
Meeting statistics bearlng
on this report Including all times,
dater, flaces, d
meting of persone in attendauce ond purpoacs tberefor, together #lth their affilla-
5997
officee for review by aurborized persons or agencles.
Apprized by :
HAROLD A. STETTER.
LicHtenant Dolonet, L'NAF,
dasistant Secretary, DAAF Acientin Adminry Roore.
PHOTELT HLUE BOOR
The U.S, Alt Force bas the responsibility under the Department of Defende
for the tnveetlgadon of valdentitled Mring objects (OFOA).
The name af tha
program, which bar been in operation sluen 1918, le Projert Rlue Funk.
been ideottfed 1o the past ar Project Sigo and Project Grudge.
Air Forte laterert in unidentided dring objecte ie related directly to the Alr
Fore reponsibly for the air defeur of the Oniled Blales.
conducting this prograto are estoblished he dir Forre Regulation 200-2
The objegives uf le Pruject Plue Book are ewoful; drat, to deleriuine
whetber GFO's poste tbreat to the secority of the Cnited States; nod, suond, to
determine whether UFO's exbibit ang unque selentife Intormntion or adzanced
technolors which could contribute to sclentific or techolcal research.
course of accomplishine these objectives, 1'rodect Hine Book striven to Identify
and explain alT.FO sigbtines regorted tothe dir Force.
ROW THE PROJAAM IA CONDUCTIO
The progret in conducted in three pla
The firat phan incindem riceipt
I UFO repurt and imilial investigatioo vf the reporty.
The +r For bee
nearest toe location of 4 reported eighting ie cbarged with the responsibillts of
investigatiug the sighting and forwarding the informalloo lo lhe Project Blue
Book Ofore at Wright-Putterson Air Force Bae, Chiu,
If the loitinl investigotion doeo not reyrol n positive Identifentina or expinna-
ton, a recood phase of irre intendive Analtyle is conducted ho the Projort Blue
case in chiertifely and erichtlleelle analysed end, tt nocen-
ory, ail of the Heirutife fuellities aruilable to the Alr Furce ten be uncel tor ariet
io artifiog at an ideotifcatioo or explanation,
A1l persinnel nasoelated with the
intestigaton, aholysis, and erluatien rforts of the project view each reprirt
mitb a ecientitle approach and an open mind.
The third phase nf the program ie disarminaton of Information roncerning
OFO gratings, evaluntiong, and stutistica.
This is necumplished lit the herre
tary of the Air Forre, Offer of Information.
The Alr Forge delary an nontratibed dying cfect an any arral diect whirle
tbe obeerver la unable toldentler.
Heports of unfamiliar objects in the sky are suhmitted to the Air lorce from
Ibese gources loclude military and civillan bilots, menther ou
bervers, amateur aatronomers, businese and profengional men and winen, and
Frequentle auch objecte na micelles, balloons, birdo, kiten. nearehlighte, alreratt
airl anticullison beacon, Jet pogle eshaust. condenalton traila,
utronomieal bodies and meteorological phenomena are miştakenly reported no
unidentified frine objects.
The Alr Force eroupe ite evaluatlons of UFO reporte under chree general bend-
Inga: (1) Identifled, (2) inaulcient dala, and (3) unidentided.
Idebtified repurts are three for which sudcient parife information bee beco
breumulated and evaluated to pertlt a poltive denticatlot or explanation of
Beports cutraurized as "Ineufolrut Data" are those for which one or more ele
ment of lufurmation axential Ior evaluation are misalug-
bue examplen are
the omiesion af tbe dorotina of tbe alebtff, date, time, location, postloo in the
att, weather cowtlon ond lbe menber of appearance ar disarpearance, I1 the
element le madne nud there lo un Indientin thet the alchting may be of a
ecurty, aclentlie. techulel, or pubie luterest value, the Project Blue Houk Ofre
conducte ao addittonal Investigațion and every attempt la made to obtain the in-
formation necesary for Identihrution,
However, In pine instances, cantlal In-
fortontlon combut le obtained, and od further action can be taken.
60-066066-10.05—1

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1281, "chars": 8428, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5998
The third aud bs for the
smallest group of evaluations in catagarized no
"Unideatiled."
4 elebting is connidered unfleotifed wheo a regrt apparentir
contolne all pertinent data necessary bosugreat a valid bspothesin concerniue the
cause er explanation of the report but Lbe deacription of the obied or its motton
cabnot be correlated with any known object or phenemena.
TYPES UP UTO TENTIFIC TEONE AND EVALUATIONA
varone types of DEO digbtinga Mnet common are reparte of
satronomical eighties, whirh lnclude bright stara, planets, coreta,
meteore, muroral alreamers, and other celestial bodlee.
haze, ligbt foz, muvlug clande, or other oberuratione or onusual coditlobe, the
planeta, Ineloding Venoe, Jupiter, and Mars have been reported as unidentiled
dyluz objects.
Steller miragen are nIno A BOurce Of reportA.
Hotellites are another major enorce of CHO reprta.
An iverense In batellites
repurted an UFO's buę come about becruse of two factors.
The trat In the in.
crense of interest on the part of the public; the second la tbe hetensng number
of satellitee in the alien
Fontiye kuowledge of the loratlon of all extellites at
all toes enables repld Identitication of eatellite nightings
Keeping truck of
manmade objecta in orbit about the eurth le tbe responsihllity of the North
American Air Defense Cotomand apace detection and tracking
gophletloated electronle nystem gotbers complex врасе traile data lostantly from
tracking statline all over the world.
Other epace aurrellance actiottles include the use of balletle
large telescople amera,
ECHO sehedules are prepared be the VASA Goddard
Space Flight Center at Oreenbelt, Md., und achedulen of tbe gouth-north Equator
crosainge are prepared by the Swithsonian Tastitutlon at Cambridge, Mant.
the data produced by tbese
ageueles, cutellites mistakenly reporter uy UFOA
can be qulekly identifed. Gome netbese are visible to the anked eve.
direrott secount for another mafor amirce of CFO reports, partlenarl, during
алтетве weather coultiong,
#beD nberryel at high altitudes and at some dis-
tince, aircraft can have appearzuces ranging from dise to rocket shapen doe to
the reflection of the sun on their bright Burfacee.
Vapor or condensation trait
from let alreract wIll sowetimes appear to glow fiery red or oraore when reflect-
Afterburners from jet airrart are often reported a C'FO's Bince
theȚ can be seen fruu great dotaocen when the alteraft cannot he seen.
The Prolect Aime Book Ofer bes direct contact with all elements of the Air
Force god the Federal Arlation Agency citti alr control centere
refueling cerstlone nod special Lraloinz flęlla can be checked Immediatels. dir
trafe of commerctal airlines and fights of military aireraft are checked with tbe
nearest entrol cepter, eonbling an immedlate eralmation of giraft mletukenly
Howeyer, since many local flights are nut patried, these
dights are probable chures of ante reports.
Balloon coutinue to be
reported as UFO's.
Several thousand belloons are
released earb day from rollitary aul clyilian airporta,
weather statlons, aud Te
There are several typen of balloond_went.her
rawingonden, radloondes. andlhe late research bolloone whleh have diameters
nu to 300 feet, At pight, balkann carry running lighta which cause ab unmil
нуренапя when obeerved. Reflertlon of the auon belloone at duy air gunset
minuetimes produce etrange effecto. This unnally occure mhrn the balloou, becanse
of ite altitudes, to exposul to the eno, Large bulkone can more at spenda of oyer
100 mlles per bour when moving 1o high altitude jel windstreama.
There balloons
gometimes appear to be flattenei on top,
At other times, they apiar to be sancer-
abd to bave liubts mounted inside tbe bag itgelf dne do the gun'o tags
reflectine through the material of the balloon.
The Balloo Control Corter at
Holloman Air Force Base, N. Mes., maintaine a plot ou all mollitary upper Alt re
желтев balloons.
Anotber category of UFO evaluations labeled 'Otber" Ineludes mixelles, refler-
done, mirages, searchlights, birds, liteę, apurlons radar Indications, boozer, Are-
works, and farea
Alreraft, natellites, balloona, and the like should not le reported since tbeg
do not Inli within the defaiton of an unidentifed dying objert.
JONELUHIOND
To date, the drm concludote of ProJect Elve Rork ere: (1) no tnidentlfed
dying object reported, Investigated, and evaluated hy tbe Alr Force has ever
5099
giren any lodicatloo of threal lo nur uational security: (2) there has been bo
eridence submitter to ur discovered by the Air Fore that alghtings categartard
as unidentlded cprent terhnologient derelopments or principles berond the
range of present-duy veientifle knowledge; abd (3) there has heen no evilence
indicatine that rightinge categnriord nsumdertilled are ettru terrestrial rehlete.
The Air Force will continor to investigate all reports of vonsual gerial phe-
поепа over ta* United states.
The serries of qualiled eclentlets aod tech-
ulcane will erntinue to be used to investigate gud analzze these reports, AnI
pericle report on tue aubject mill be made.
The former chairman of the Haunt Armed Serviers Commilttee, Mr. Cari Vin.
90n, receotis commented on the conduct of tbe UFO prorram by the Air Foret
and atated tbat congterionel hearings on this subject are шшесенянг?.
'ibe Alt Fore dues not dens the posshility tbot some forn or life mar erlat
on otber planets in thr nniferse.
However, to date, the Air Foret has Deither
received nor discovered ans evidence wblch proven the exleten and intrangare
rumility ot extra terrestrial life.
Ile Air Fong: coutloma to extend an opel
invitatioo to anyone who feels that he psierre any eridence of extra lerrestrial
rehicles operating within the varth's neur spnce envelope to aubenit bir evidence
Initlal contact for this purpon la through the folloming adrress:
Froject Elue Honk Informatlon UBce, SAFOI. Fashlortoo. D.C.
dufone deerying mbat be conelders to boan anddentided drlog obdect should
report It to the nenrret Mir Force base.
Persons submitting a UFO report to
tbe Alt Force are free to discuss ang
aspect of the report with antune.
Air Force doed not acek to limil discurslot on much reports and does not #lthbol
HONAYAILAUILITS Ar MATERTALE
The following items are for interbal use onlo and are not araliahle for dia-
tribution to the pulle.
There concern Internal manaement and procedures
for forwarding UEN reports to the approprinte aeney i
1, AIr Force Repulution 200-1,
2. JANAT 146.
The Afr Furee has no flms, phatngraphs,
mApe, charts, or Arable ol Q-
Ideotifled fylog objects.
Plutographs that hare heeo rabmultted for evalurtlon
1a confunetian aith UTO reporte havo heen determined to be a mletoterpretation
of natural or cuntendanal objecta,
These onlecte baze a poettive Identifcation.
1üe Al force do longer possezgee, and thus does not have for distribution,
outdated reporto on Project Sien. Prodeet Grudge, Blue Book Speclal Report No.
14 and outdated Project Bhe Book prese releases.
Nonmilitary T.FY) puhlica-
flote sbould be requested from the publisher, not the Alr Force.
EUDOIBTED BEADINO MATERIAL
Rooke listed below denl with facto and theorles about our aoer unlverse, the
n, planete, cometa, meteorites, the univeret, eture, constellațions, and galazlen:
telescope the computation of time ne it clutes to astronome star mage gar
charts, und the histury uf astronoug,
"9kr ond Telescope" be Sky Fubllabing Corp., Harrand College Cheervator,
Montoly magazine, 00 cents per, copy.
"Weather Elementa," by Hair, pulliched Prentice Hall, Hao o excellent
chapter on after tulsidentifiel menther phenmetin,
"Planete, Blach, and Spucc," Or Chamberlaln, Job M, dod Nicboleon, Tbonne
An lilustrate, untechaleol explanntion of the earth, planete, atars, and tbe
Prepered In cropcrution gith the Americon Museum of Natural
"Junior Acience Tinok of Starg," bE Crosht, Phoebe.
An eary to read, exciting
etory of what silentlate koow abort the stara, planets, the Moon, and the
Milky TRy.
"Challenge of the Onlverse," b Hynek, J. Allen and Aodersm, Norman
D17-
curses the nature of tbe-unizerse; astronomy and cosmology, publisbed hy
Echolatic Presy.
"The Story of the Stars" bo Mulones, Terro.* An Introducton to the calverne:
our solat arstem, our galaty, and other galazleg,
Many interesting liltstraled
analogles belp bulld concepts of size and distanre.
Ineludes referenet to tbe
Ton Allen redlattoo bello ead zuliacal light ubnervaLon of 1080.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 186, "chars": 1487, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6000
* "The World of Flying Bancers" by Mensel and Roy, A scientife examinatlon ot
the clasaie UFO reporte.
'Tht HooD,
Meteoriter,
aod Comete" Dated 1008, by Middleburet and Eper
Continuons analysia of Boviet woot pbotog.
Chapter ou Siberian meteorite
and photos nt cobeta compulatlon of varioue inmet orbital pboton.
"The Nature of Light and colot lo the Open Air," by Minnnert, Durer Publica-
tione.
This la an etcellent paperback written in underetandable lay langurge.
"Meteors," he Dilver.
Stabdard teat by foremont authority on meteors,
"Photographie History of Mars." 1505-61, by Slipber, E. C., publibed ty Lowell
Obscrvatory,
"'Anatomy of a Pbenomenon," by Valle, Jacques,
"Fist Man to the Moon," by Von Brnut, Fernher.
Totai CFO ‹obJect) riptlings'
Year
Total
Daidentitied
1940.
1950
1051
1ixa
1948
1906..
122
LHI
210
LAH
1, HAL
417
1.
ZELPEDERE
10.117
Can file.
MIND DOOk, PARE 108.
Case file.
Total-.
Compled Ton, 17, 1947.
-:
Statistical data for teare 1963-641
Total
siti
6001
E
g
825550536784*12
#40=544-707Tg
ANTONENg
530
F
1953
199t
156d: 1954 | 1457 1
1, 00B
2933°4
IF i
136
222
TOTAL CARIN AT CITERAT
Astronomkti...
Aitctart.....
Halloon.
are ined.
Total.
Mars and pian (
Wther_
AAEONCMENG BICUTHOS
OHZA CAI
Total..
Hones, ballreizacions, unrelable raporta and psychological causer.
M'asiles and cocketa.
Plans and dremorha.:
Scorch yan groundilghts, o
‹Flouda and conțreila.
Chaf..
Photo analysis.
Physiat specimens.
Satellike deraF
Total....
1 Comolled Nor. 1, 196.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 688, "chars": 4320, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Statialice for 1985 1
Jenner?
Febru
March
Jane
August
October
Мотьт-! Пезет-
Total
6002
OM--
#A+005
Ites
Debrls in wind.
MEn On FrOUnd.
99-
=-
ine
51=
Hergegro
8A790409
:• ;
ezelapiT SmPHE.
Talig object.
No mege di 11m
'balleto,
Misberpretergo of vonventlonal obr
Chemicil frolla from revearch rocket.
* bIselle lannet.
=
Metal balL
Please huge.
іноги.
Fals
TArRerR.
4atronomlcel....
Aircralt...
7 р 11 гнт.
Insutterent dath
Other.
Entallite_
Dridentifed
Feodre....
Total.
ASLOMOMICAL CALM
Metcora
Othat, -
Totai.....
UTHER CATEGOT
Hoenes, hallucinaclene,
unclebe ca
wisties and rocess cal car....
Reflections,
PlaTes and freworks.
Hiere and I77éT9.0.-
Stuch and ground lighes.__
Clouds and quralls.
Chaft...
Birds.
Physical specimens
Photo raalyal
Estellite decay.
Miscellaneou.
Tüod]
Compiled Jan. 1A. 196i.
Folar frege.
H000.
• Henected moonlicot, parbello, moon.
6003
MIRERALI
REFURT
sbuld repurt
the infurmation to cbe
Ameriran Metror Amriety.
The infornation desired 1s contained below-
A terE hrilliant meteot or fireball is reported to bare passed in your rictuits
OT --. at the hour of
following questions, which are asked on behalt of the Amerlegn Meteor Soclett
in order that permanent records of ourb phenomena mar he obtalned.
there reports are published
#her
earh eratriotor whome aquirt ly fuirly complete
wIll be mentonel, if postible, and due credit glven.
It ls only by the help of
thom who can pite personal
information that data can do accured for
the
computatlon of the orbite of meteors.
These data are of grent. arientifie ralne
aud all beanerable eGorts sendi be aude to cbtain them.
Tou will be headle
probably to ansmer all questions below, but foster those Fou can, an they may
te of tbe greatest importance.
41j Gire your nome abd eddress
(2) There were gou when gun saw the moeteor? (If tbe coo le amall please
five county an mell.]
(3) Give tbe date, lumar, und onute when the meteor appeared; alao klad
(4) In what direction did it appear (or in wbat drection was it Arat seen)?
Thie le bot asking in hut direction it
(o7 In what direction did it disappear (ur in mbat directlon wga1t last eccuy?
For questions (4) and (5), slople N,
#' is bot arcurate enough, unley
flute were the exact dartlons
If compurs is nse, state it: alao If magnetic
cretion her beeo applied to compens
(6) At what height did it apreer?
(Use «exteen in answering.ł
At what belcht did It disappenr? IEre decries in aomyrring.y
{B)
Did it inse directly nycrhead lÊr. through the zenithi?
(8) I bot to vetch dide of der zenith did it go, and bow far from It? (Use
degrees It anawerlog-l
{10} Did lt appror to trach the harizon?
What sort of a hortzoo haze for?
(ll) Whet angle dil lue colb of luo meteor make with the borlene aod In
*bich direction was it then going?
(1E) If you are tamller gith constellations dezeribe the path of the meteor
tbrougb the eks with referener to stars.
(11)
Did the meteur appear to explora?
{14) That was the duration of ita fight In seconde?
(15) Dearlb the traln if one was Iefl.
If it lasted long enough to abon
drift, most carefully tell in mbat directloo tral drifter.
Ite akebch, It poseible,
aboming thts with regard lo borizon.
(10]
What was the duration of the trilo to serenda?
(17) Did jou berr ang wund?
How lons afler vering the wene wa Ie loture Fou heard tble sound?
Did you bear an actual expleston?
How long after Heriog
the explosing was it before Jou beard 1t?
(18}
Or what color was the mater?
119) Wbat mas the Bize of tbe metent? (Compare lt with the mont or with
a planet or etar.l
(20) Was more than one fools seen before the explodon (If ang) ?
(21) What was endition of sky at time?
(2) cre name aml addasay of others who saw tbe meteor.
123) Fleese mail this reply to: Charlee P. Oliver, American Meteor Seltz,
121 North Wyncemood Avenue, Narberth, Гa., 19072.
The CHamman. Mr. Seemlary, let me ask you this. Should this
be an executive session?
Secretary BRown. No, nothing I hase said so far has been classified,
ted nothing I will kay.
The CHaIrMan. Is there any reason to keep this executive? Ithink
we have a lot of peoplé outside of the door.
Let them conne in.
Mr. Prick In view of the reason you are having it, I see no ob-
jection.
The CHAIRmAn. Idont eilher. Why not open the door?
Mr. BRAY. I would like'to make this observation off the record.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 870, "chars": 5202, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6004
(Discusin ufl the record.)
The CHaIrman, We are going to decide mhat the future is going
to be In talking about this tertimony now. If there is no reason
for them not being here, let them in here.
Socretary Brown, This letter is unclassified. Some of the ques
tions yu ask may lead to classitied material.
Mr. ScHwEIrE Are all the files unclassified?
The CHAIRMaN. Let them come in and listen to the testimony.
When we get into the questions we will decide.
Open the doors.
Mr. Secretary, mę will let you start.
You gentlemen who have come in, the Secretary is explaining a letter
he is sending to the committee.
ron gentlemen of the press
, TV, and ridio, hatever you represent,
listen.
That is the best may to tha put
Go ahead
(Secretary Brown repeats his stalement previously read to the com-
The CHAIRMAN, Mr. Secretary, I have before me some pages from
Life magazine,
* lunt know what the date ia, but it is recent.
Mr. Ктлтнкк Two wecks ago, I think.
The CHAirMaN, Twn wesks ago.
It mentioned 10,007-odd sightings of these mysterious objects I
note it has & picture.
Have you seen this! I will puss it on to you.
Secretary BRown.
Tez, I have seen the picture.
The CHaIrMan. Here nro two pietures.
One taken in Oregon in
1950 and the other Laken 4 years later in France.
They both lonk vary
much alike. Actualiy it jooks sunething like a battleship.
Then here B something on another page here that is alleged to have
been seen in Michigan, and it is even sketched here with an antenna
and all that goes with it.
Here is my question: Responsible, well-trained people, like pilots
I think some B-52 people, Mr. Aellener!
Mr. KELLEHER.
I don't recall that. I do remember sightings by
commercial pilots.
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly commercial pilots have repored all kinds
Нот do you explait away these clearly dehned mystemons things
that these responsible people allege having seth.
How do your experts reconcile thin?
Secretary Brown. I will turn this over to my experts in a moment,
Mr. Chairman.
I shotild like to say this: We haven't explained all of the
reported sightings which we have investigated.
We have explained
90 percent of themy bul nre not sure about the other 5 percent.
are possible explanations for the wher 5 percent in most cosea. How-
ever, since me can't prove that our finilings aro the correct explana-
tions they are regarder as sightings which have not been completely
The CHAInsAn. Well, now, does anybody, in authority or of staturs,
allege that these things,
whatever they mny be, have come from other
planets or from somen here outaide of this universe?
secretary BRown. To the best of my knowledge, no one in the Air
Fore, and no one in the executive branch has expressed such a be-
lief. Kor have I ever heard a Member of Congress make auch a state-
ment. 1 know of no one of scientifin slanding or executive standing,
or with a detailed knowledge of this, in our organization who belieres
thet they come from extraterrestrial sources.
The CHAIrMAN, But you have found parts of meteors and things
of this character that hire heen continuing to hit the earth forever?
Secretary Brown. Meteors, of course, are of extraterrestrial origin.
I am talking about estraterrestrial hying erait.
The CHairmAn. Oljects that are made for the purpose of coming
Secretary Brown. That is right.
'The CHAIRMAN.
That is what I have in mind.
Secretary BRown. That is right.
The CHaIrman. So then Jour testimony, or your answer in re-
sponse to my letter in effect is that there are things caused by VErous
phenomena, reflection of radar mares, the northern lights, somebody
Secretary Brown, Yes; that i another explanation of some of the
phenomens
The CHaIrsAw. As well as metoors?
Secretary Brown. Tee, sir.
The CHaIrMaN. What else?
Secretary Brown. Some of them hurn out to be balloona. Some of
them turn out to be nirernft seen under paculiar circurostances, and
And we can explain 95 parcent of them this way. This does not
mpiy that a large P
mes, is not lase pants trader into merly have use ste
to confirm this because we don't have enough information about these
it may also be that there are phenomena, the details of which we
don't understand, which aro natural phenomens, and which account
for some of the sightings we have not identified.
In certain instances
I think a further scientific, explanation is a possibility. Therefore, we
will enntinue to develop this approach.
The CHaIRMAN. Now, we have
here Dr. Hynek, and Major
Quintanilla.
We have thess two gentlemen who are authorities on the Blue Book.
One is a scientist, the other is the T'FO project officer.
Now, we have asked that you gentlemen ront.
Dr. Hynek, is there
anything you would liketo say to ast
Dr. HYNER. Mr. Chairman, tho press has recently treated me rather
The CHaran. You ought to be chairman of this committee.
Dr. HINes. The press has described me as "a puppet of the Air
Force," and has stated that T say only what the Air Force tells me to
I would like to do something which may be a littlo doring, an
read to the committee a statement I have prepared which has car-
tainly not been dictated by the Air Force.
The CHAIrmAn. At this point, I want you to tur the loud speaker
пр.
10-000009NO05

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 1014, "chars": 6271, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6006
Now, Doctor, bofore you give us this, would you gire your back-
ground for the record?
Dr. HINEE. Yes, sir. This information is included in my state-
ment.
STATEMENT OF DR. I. ALIEN HYNEN, SCENTEIC CONSULTANI
TO THE AIR FORCE
Dr. Hires, My name is J. Allen Hynek, and I reside at 2623 Ridge
A venue, Evanston, III. I um director of the Deartorn Observatory
and of the Lindheimer Astronomical Resourch Center, and Chairman
of the Department of Astronoty at Northwestern University
1848 I have acted as a frequent scientific consultant to the Air Force
on the problem of the UFO (Unidentified Flying Ohjects)
phenomenon.
The UFO phenomenon might bo defined as (1) the persistent ne-
porting by a wide cruss section of the publie, in this and in other
countries, of alleged berl objects which, to the observer, seem to defy
explanation because of their appenrance and behavior, and (2) the
widespread and growing interest in these matters by serments of the
pubhe which, in some cases, has led to the formation of civilian orga-
nizations dedicated to the investigation of the suid reporte, often c-
companiel by vilifeation of the Mir Force for their handling of the
problem, a matter not beneficial to the Air Force inge.
Such people
on the ich or eithere iet to dapt from the pace, or 6
that the Air Force knows all about visitors from apaco and in de-
liberately withholding information to prevent. panIc.
A third aspect of the UFO phenomenon lus been the ussociation
of the terma UFO or "flying saucer" with the idea of visitation of
intelligences from outer space, an association which is not warranter
either by the data on hand, or by logienl inferenre. It if entirely con-
reivable that there might be unidentified nerial phenomena about un
which have no connection with extraterrestrinl visitation.
Chun, the phenomenon shonld essentinlly be viewen i its entirett
The fact that the rent sightings in Michican enneed a reaction far
but of proportion to the original rightiugs, the fret that my press con-
ference in Detroit the week before last was the largest in the history
of the Detroit Press Club, the fact that I receive many letters from
schoolchildren who are writing class reports on UFO's and inteed the
fact that I am speaking here before gou, are all parts of the !!tO
phenomenon,
In this context, the kind of activity that the press has reported in
Michigan is not unusual. It only happened that the Dester and Hills-
dale incidents, although of little sicentific significane, have attracted
national interest.
Now, similar incidents, and some ennaiderably
more intriguing, have heen occurring
, tor many years, without such
treatment on the part of the news merlin.
tention is quick to wane, the unilerlying concern shout TIFO's, fed by
a continuous trickle of reports, is indlerr growing in the mind and sight.
of the public
During this entire period of nearly 20 veers I have attempted to
remain as operminded on this subject as circumstances permitted, thig
despite the fact that the whole subject seemed utterly ridiculous, and
many of us firmly believed that, like some fad or craze, it wauld
subside in a matter of months.
Yet in Ihe last 5 years, more reports
Tere gubmitted lo the Air Fomethan in the first 5 yers.
Despite the seeming inanity of lhe subject, I felt that I moull be
derelict in my scientific responsibility to the Air Force it I did not
point out that the whole FO phenomenon tight have aspects to it
Forthy o sentil attention. What we have lers is a signal-to-noise
ratio problem: There is indeed a fanlastic amount of noise, represented
by the many misidentifications of familiar objects seen under unusual
or surpasing circumstances_balloons, birde, fuellites, meteors air-
craft, stars— yet, in all wientific honesty, one is led to ask whether there
might not indeed be a signal sonershere in the noise.
As a scientist, I must be mindful of the lessons of the past; all too
often it has happened that matters of great value to science were over-
looked because the new phenomenon simply did not fit the accepted
scientific outlook of the time.
Thus, the evidenca of fossiles for biologi-
cal evolution was overlooked; X-rays were overlooked, meteorites were
overlooked as astronomers steadfastly refusel to accept stories of
stones which fell from the sky.
Therefore, T have set aside for further study some 20 particulariy
well reported UFO cases whirly despite the character, technical com-
petence and number of the witnesscs, I bave not been able to explain.
I have done this to illustrate that neither I nor the Air Force hide
the fact there are unexplained reports, and to illnstrate also that the
Air Force does not monintain, contrary to some public opinion, that re-
porters of UFO's are lacking in intelligent or are objects fit only for
Fur of these reports, 10 are from srientists and highly trainer indi.
viduals, i are from members of the Armed Forces, and members of
the police fore, and dare reports made by reliuble American civilians.
In my view, the reliability of the observers was above average in all
20 cases. The recent eases in Michigan have not been ineluded in this
particular coletton since . teel that they are subject to simple, albeit
somewhat un!, explanation.
I cannot prove beyond doubt that this is the case, but these tin notr
famous reports illistrate the method the Air Force has used with
grest success in finding logical explanations for the great majority of
We have used as a working buypothesis, when first confronted with
napor cata conventional explanation exileil, either no a misiden-
tifcation or an otherwise well-known object or phenomenon, a hallu-
cination, or a hoax.
This has been a very enccessful and productive
hypothetsis.
One must be amare, homever, that romplete adherenre
to one hypothesis may turn out to be a roadblock in the pursuit of
research endeavors.
As the saying, yes, "If one dies too intently for coal he is apt to
mise diamonds
Scientists shoal never be guilty of poverty of
hypotheses.
tended it to diet it n forese taur puding cases, we hav
an investigation had heen pursued Jong
enough, the misidenturer objert ould bave heen recognized, or that.
besigntang had no validity tonegin with
hypothese: Elber the ther and bigaid nome loe, or yet

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 988, "chars": 5954, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
jump to the far-out conclusion that the earth is host to apace visitors.
Surely, in scientific fairneas, we must exatine other hypotheses.
In 1958, I had further recommendations to make, when I wrote in
• report tothe Air Force:
It recuto to me that the pable Interent lu fylug soncere" mag be dormant
bat can be eleited with amall provocation.
I world recommend that: (1) t
lected "unknowns" continne to be worked appo and due voblicty be giren tbem
when a satladactory golotion in reacbed; (2) e0 arnouncement be made that
the Air Forte lo toterested ln the phenomena which cause reporte on e arlentifir
And this, I repest,
was my recommendation in 1953.
In 19B5, in
niF capacity de scientific congultant, Incain adried that the reporte
be studied by a civilian scientific group, in a letter to the Olice of the
Secretary of the Air Force:
If tbere be any potentil eclectide value lo the frogmentary OPO reporto, de
sclentific contitant it le clearly my duty to point thie nut
tbe part no a lean tortel baals, 1o private conserration vIth, aud lufortel ероте
ta, AlT Force ofeel I feel it le my responelbills to polot out that enough
pussline sightloge have been reported by intelligent and ofteo technically com-
detent people, to warrant closer attentioo than Project Hine Arat can possibly
encompans et the pregent time.
• • * If the preliminars surrer of the problem
ebould bear me out; namely, tbat tbere exiate the prenhllity of new sclentide
trformation lo the UFO phenomeno, then debnitely let the recommendaton be
made to bare the Natlonal Arodemy of Selences, or some other clyllian sroop uf
resigulzed etuture, undertake a longer study of the reported Phenomena.
I am happy that my appearance before this committee affords me a
chance to once again reiterate my recommendations,
Specifically, it is my opinion that the body of data accomulated since
1948 through the Air Force investigations deserve close scrutiny by a
civilian panel of physical and social scientists, and that thie penel
should be asked to'esămine the UFO problem critically for the exprac
purpose of determining whether a major problem really exists.
I would, of course, be willing to assist such a panel in whatever nay
I might and would even be willing to take a short leave of absence
from my university if it mould help place this problom in its proper
petspectire
Thank you.
The CHAIRmAN, You say you can't write thee reporle off. You
can't ridicale those who have made them. '
They are highly responsible
people, in various walks of life, that hove reported them. Aml that
sometime in the past you recommended that a panel be set up to clear
these things, a civilian panel, to obriate the accusation that the Air
Force ie or has been hiding their reporte.
Now, are you saying to us thin morning that there should be a pane
set up of ecientista anthorized by the Air Forre bafore whom these
things may be brought, and from ghom a report could comel
Di. HTinK. Yes, air. I am saying that."
This would be the giet of
my atatement.
However, I have been acooped by Sarratary Brown who has men-
tioned that the Scientifio Advisory Roard has recommendod the same
thing.
The OrATHAN. Whut you have recommended is being one now?
Dr. HTNer. It is about to be done, I believe.
The CHAIRMAN. Is abont to be done?
Dr. HTNEE. Yes,
Tahould liketo make one comment:
The puzzling thing is that one would think many more people mould
ann these flying objects than do.
There should be many
We should see a cruft, if it actually exiats as a tangible thing,
nd me should see it go trom point to Polr
This duen't seem to
deo, there should be far more radar sightinga. During th
international geoplyaieal year, I was in charge of the optical satellite
tracking program, and you would think with the surveillance that the
astronomers placed on the sky, if lhese objects eristed as tangible
objects, surely these astronomers would have seen more than they did.
It is a dilemma. It isa puzzle, as you say, as to how responaible people
can report buch objects, and that they are not obvious to scientists.
The CHandan, And then they see them and they disappest and
they don't know where they po, and they land in these remote places
mhère there is no intelligence to procre?
Dr. HINEe. I would suy so, yes, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. We don't know where they go, who they have on
board, we see them a few moments, and then they are gone. This is
the end of that.
his is what cuzzlee me. lam not coine to rze further question
anis Tam not knowledgeuble with respect to the varying teport
that have been made.
So I will tur il over to some of the experts, and I will start with
Mr. BATEs. Mr. Chairman, I don't know—if I have to qualitty on
But, Secretary Brown, you indicated no one of sciontific knowledge
in Jour organization has concluded these phenomena como from extri-
terrestrial sources f
Secretary Brown. That is correct.
We know of no phenomena of
rehicles, in excluded guided, which hare come from extratorrestria!
meteors, which do come from extraterrestrial
Mr. Barra. Is this your conclusion, Doctor?
Dr. HYNnE. This is also my conclusion. I know of no competent
scientist today who would argue the sightings which do puzzle intel.
ligent people.
Puzzling canes exist, but I knom of no competent scien-
tist who would say that there objects come from outer space.
Mr. Batts. Then what you are looking for is an explanation in nat-
inst phenomena, thus far you have not determincd the factors in trod
Dr. HYrax, Yes.
Mr Barro. But the interaring thing, of course, is we have so many
prominent people in the scientific world here who bare taken a position,
• tather strone position—I have hero a letter from a conetituent of
He is a project administrator or engineer in the MINUTEMAN
That isa responsible position, would mosay!
General MoConneLL. Yes.
Mr. Barta. On the basis of scientifie ability he has been giver a
rather important position toward the security of this country; is that

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 1108, "chars": 6955, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6010
Secretary Brown. I would like to know who he is and what his
responsibilities are before I comment on this, Mr. Bates.
from the information contained in the latter thet you quote, he appears
to occunt a position of some responsionity-
Mr. BaTte. It does seerato bo.
And as I read the letter which he has
written to me, it is certainly written by a well-educaled person.
we here all kinds of comments on the other side of the issue
nom, with this Lonar II excursion around the moon, people say I sup-
pose the people up there are moking the same kind
of reports as the
doctor has just made to us.
They are making these kinds of state-
doctor, to be more specific, the paper mlich I have hir. Chairinan
I would like to ret unanimous consent to insert in the record the in-
formation which has been provided tome.
The CHarman, Without objection.
(The letter to Congressman Hates is as follows:)
•WENHAM, MAns. April 1, 19M.
ConGRESB Or THO Unite SrAtes.
Hotte
of Representerives,
{Attention, Sperker John T. McCormach!.
DEAR gIe: My name le Ragmond E. Fazler. I am employed do e PERCE
administtative engincer lo the Minotemon Propram Ofice for Silvanla Electrie
Product, Walthar, Mart.
I am presently serving de chairman of a Technical
Investlanting Nobcomolttee tor the Narlonal Investigatloos Commolttro un Aerlal
Pbenomena, Wash., D.C.
The гевноь for OF writing are twofold, fratlr—I have been asked by NILAP
to sumolt lo poo our subconitter's complete fle coverine our Intestigation ul
the Freter,
New Hampahire UFO alchting
witnessed nt close range by local
etizens and police ofeers on deprember 1, 19.
of thle eightlog se lt calped nativowide pobleity recenrly through NICAR-backed
artleles in the Saturday
Review aınl
to put myself on
runni as supporting tbe clulma and flewa of NICAP nod
others mbich Indicate thut congrinzionel bearlogs on the matter of UFO's are
lung overdue
i feel tbat the American people are rapable of understanding the probleme an
Implications that wil нгіж
1 te trot facto about UFO an
The UBAF pable Information program and polles as direled by the
Pentagon, of nuderratog the elzulticance of UFO'e and not releselog true, perti-
nent facte about UFO'e, le not only a diservice to the american people now hut
do the loop ron could prove to hate bern a foolish polier to folion.
of etudy, I am certalo that there la more tban ample bigh-quality nbeerratlobal
eridence from highls tralned and rellable witnegger to Indlente that there are
machinellhe sold objecto amuler Intelligent cobtrol operating in our etmosphert.
The aerodrogmie perforolance and characteristics of the true
manmade or batural Ibeoncene.
Sueb obseryatenal evidence has been meli
supported lo muny luktances by reliable Instruments such do cameras, rndar,
felger connters, varlometers, electriral interference, physierl Indentations lo eodl
and acorched areas at landing #itin, etc
I am regarnably eure that if qualided cirilian scienciats and investicators are
ahle to come to this conelusion, that the CBAF, suppurled by the tremendous
facilitlee at lte dispogal, have cune lo the me conclusion long ago.
present oilalal polley deliberately attompta to discrit the validity of CFOe
nod a peeith nedate and facte are not being released to tbe poolis.
I trint that Jou will premine the attached UFO sport aod reintert cort
pondence in detail digbtines such as the Exeter, N.F. alebtlog have and arr
impurring througboot the morld at night and lo tbe daytim.
It le blah time that
the reel lecte about OFOR ятг тееляен.
A publie infurmallon program sboold
6011
le Inaugurated that presents facts.
grenatobal opeo fuquirp on the UFO problem.
Mincerel,
"Teing Jon to support a foll con-
RATHOND E, FoILER.
Chairman VICAP Mamachuters Baboommittee
(The attachmentsto the previous lefter are as followe:)
(biterpt from Mauchealer (.H.) Onlon Leader, Bapt. c, 1915]
POLICE CIVILIANS SIGHT UFO IN ExETER AREA
BItTER —At least fvr people herr, Ineluding tro poltee officere, have reporter
seeine n dying sancer In thisare Friday morning.
The incidents occurrd erly
According to those who sam
the moldentided dylng object, It was about the elze of a house and had a red
gro around it, and mored plebtly tomuch the olght.
When Freter poller Intestlgater a parked car on the Exeter-Mampton bypaat
at aboot 12:30 Investigating orrr Fugine Bertrand, who approach the car and
found two womeo in a state of hear short.
Ther told that tbey bad hren rhoned
along Route 101 All the any from Eppine. about 12 mile, b Aylug objert which
gunFi Fill a brillant halo of red Arcording to the momen, the "thing" fol-
lowed their car untll dies anywl.
da the one woman told their story one of them eighted the phlect once more.
ahout 2 mirs ownt, which Bertrand chought was a etar los an the borizon.
At lam, Normao d, Mumurello, 18, or 209% Front Street, Exeter, came indo
the poltre acatlon with a hair-ralaine repart e
f haring teen chaced hr a folne
object osbe was bitchhizing toward Exeler ro Route 100 in Kranington.
Muscatello told Desk Otter Heglnald Toland tbat as he walked along the
biguruy, & luree, brilllant onlect began making p on an adlarent held ein
boute aid alone the highwag.
Not kunwing abet It won and belng underatand-
alf shaken, he cronchei in a diteh along the raad ax the object,
en brilliantly
red that Its shape could not be determined in the glow, made what seemed to
blt to be searehing гоячея at hloı,
Blurtly thereufter tbe "tbing" disappeared adentlf, an gulekly na it had ar
THATEL
Muscarello theo hithod a ror to the police atation and related whal
he had Been
Athlaugh Muncarello'n stor wan extraondlonry, Patrolman Bertrnnd drore blm
back to the cene 0f the incident In the polce eruiser.
When ther arrived.
notbing wan there.
Ofcer Bertrand suggested tbat they walk foto the feld where the dyiop object.
was lent seen, and they were joined there by Ereter Patrolman Darld Hunt.
who also drove to the acene.
Bertrand was LaJziog rearstring * wheo uscore,a
shonted "Look, there it in, rislog up from hehind those trees,
From behind a arand of trees In the back of the night, a huge bllodlog glon
of brillant red light eurrounding it, tbe oblect rore, not furt but waterlogls.
It traveled souls and Tamel alichter from eide to sire.
ig the blloding red light de It moved toward them armes the feld.
seemed to Learning lavort lłrzu aord Rrrrand mude a move toward his poller
gerrice resolver but thought better of it.
Then the three men ran to the police
Wheb quratiobol ob toe kize of the object, Offer Bertrand estimuted
it to be "alout the sier of a hang "
Locally, when toeldenta such ne thio are teported, the sightinen take place
cret a period of a few azoods, bolin thes instang, lhe mort obeerred Lar obfrit
for 15 or 20mloades at what tryrarel tole a relatively #bart dletnoce.
One of lie cust dancing pointe which Officer Bertrand made fhile heloe in-
terriemed was the enmulete uhsener of antud no the Aylng shiert hovered aver

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 457, "chars": 2998, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6012
a nearby farma bullding, carting & brillant glow over the dwelling, while the
form animale in the bern
cauvel a tremendous commotion,
Horeen whinnied
and Licked the walle of tbeir atalie.
Then the object dingeared rapidiy in the
distence.
AMOTHE SIGHTING
CIcer Eugene Bertrandé repet on the trio's alebtloz of the atrange object wau
made to Oficer Toland, deak man at the Freter pollce statlon, at 2:00 a.m.
Then at 3:30 pun. Odeer Bont sported from ble cruser that he had ogain
sigbted the UFO,
while be wae at the intersection of the Route 101 bypasa In
Ereter and Ronte 87 to Newlelds from Freter.
Topplur the strange netivltles, Exeter police reported tbat a telepbone call
froz eu unddeotided pay station in Hampton bad been made by a hreterical man,
but that the line had gone dead before the call could be compleled or the pay
phone station ideutifled.
The man bad dialed the operator and crled "Get me
the pollce" and ald he bad been cheerd be a lying dancer.
Hampton pollce were botifled, but nothing was determined about the polot from
wulch the call win made, what bad frighteded the man or oby the call man eo
abroptly hroken cu.
6013
e0ce
14777
So e
NATIONAL INvENTIOATIONe COMVITTTE
AERIAL PIRNONELIA,
Washington, D.C., Meplamber 15, 1965.
RATMOND FOFLEE,
H'enham, Make.
DEAD RAT: Toni excellent report on the September 3 Her Hampuhire algat-
inge baa been received.
Tou certaial, are to be commended for a prompt end
thorouh Investigatlon
The informatich le toet intereating and will he ot
#FARE value.
We are very fortunate to bave people of ToIr ablity dounting their
setriere to un
Mr. Jobn Fuller of Saturday Ilevlew may he getting In tooch with pot about
thebe eightingt.
He io dolog e straigitterward colmo
(be writer
«Trade
Wiods", on the recent rare of nightings, and has long had a slocere interest In
the subject,
We are cooperating fully, and I have elven him a lot of specie
Information.
Our New Tort No. • Subcommlttee lo Chantingua Gonntr
{prenter Nem
Tork.J and an lotellicent roung member bave been investigating o landing report
neer Rottalo (Cherry Creek} Auguet 10. It appeare to be a solld ease, and
caosed neveral E-M efteeta,
On the name uight an the New Hampshire eightinza, tro pollee offlecre near
Auglelon, Tet.
(Between Tonstab and quIt cant) 807 a reddish UFO vu the
crocod to a feld, scarted to Investigate ontIl tbe object moved toward them—
wberenpoo they fed io panic.
Sounde very almllar to Nen Hampabite, bot
me may not be able to get touch detallo,
Ibanke afuln for Four bard work on our bebalt.
Blucetely,
DIOR HALL
(UFO Report, September 8, 1001, Rensington, N.H. (Bertrand-Hunt-Murarello))
Bobject: Weather, Geptember 3, 1005, a.m.
To: NICAP, Wasbington, D.C.
Tom: Haywond Er Forler, chairman: NICAP Marschusett Investigating
Subcommittee,
J.B. Weatber Forecaht: Akles: Clear,
Wind direction: Northweet, Wind
mlocity: 0 mllee per bour, Temperature: Lover fitles.
Respertruly submitted,
BATMOrD E. FOWLES
NICAP Imperttgatot.
500060 18 No Fr

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 1204, "chars": 7420, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
pr:+
601÷
[Ftom the Baturday Rerlen, Oct. E, 1964]
ADDENOVM LA CUFO RIT, BErTEMBER 3, 1905, KENdINOTOn, M.H. (HEETLAND-
HUNT MUOÇARELIAY I
TRADE HINDA
(Ry John O. Huiler)
When the tidal rave of reports about ondentified fyng objects hit even tbe
august page of the New York Times last eummer,
we made a mental bote to
follow the story throngh to ee luat what concluzions wight rventually be drawn.
Blate police lo Otlahome, Texas, Rabese, aod New Musiro bad risked tbelr jobs
and reputationa for sanity in reporting n wide cumber of obeerrationa, eprrobo-
rated be radar trackinga from the Tinker and Carswell Alr Force Enges
however, the Alr Force made it a point to releace a stotement Lhat the radar
trackings did bot correspond to the visnal findinga of lbe Oklahoma Departuent
of Fublle bafety, nod the story disappeared Crom tbe pageant the prces
Steptielam le a bealthy thing, especlally when you get involred with whitiloz
frice,
and it was for this гедно that we declded to trurk down nt lenst ene
A phone call to the National Investigatone Committee on derial Phenogenon
In Wastington, D.C., pat ue In trunh wito Bichard H. Hall, ito actlue director.
We learned from Mr. Hall that the Oflahoma State Police bad releused a nine
pAge report tbrongh ite department of public enfrts, contradietlur the Air Fore
statement and indiratiog thot without questlon the Caramell alt Force Rem
rader tracings and the Btate pollue viaval герогв were Identical.
aMendy atrim ot new fadioan had been recolvl hy NICAP-
was a report thet tbe NICAP representative In New England, Mr. Ruymond
Fowler, was Jost completlog a surtes on an alleged landing nt a UFO In Ereter,
M.H., altered by not Just one but two roiler ober
We talked eucceeavely and at lenøth to Mr.
Fowler; Lieutenant Cottrell of
the Exeter pollee; tbe Hampton, N.H., police dest : James R. Buckoam, managing
editor of the Menchester (N.A.) Trulou Leader; Olicer Bertrand, of the Exeler
mnlice force; and the Pease Air Force Base In nearhy Porteouth, N.H.
Onderstandabir, the Alr Forre le extremely mary about the matter of UFO'a
and the Feese tree coold oblo confron that a large nutober of sighlings had been
reported locally
Beyond that, homeret, we were able to plece togetber the following stort:
Bbortly atter malduight, no Beptember S. Ofter Bugene Bertrand of lie Exeter
police force was vo routne duty crulsing alone no uverpese on Route 101 near
the town.
He polled up beider a parkod rar and found in it two momen who
were riaibly disturber,
They reported to him that. An
airborne oblect, bright
red and dashing, had been trailing them for nearly 12 miles, all the way from
the town of prinE.
Bertrand, an Lir Force veteran of the Korean war, Tee
eleptieal, made a routiue radio report, and went on with lucruleing.
Within that same hour, Harman Muunillo, an 18 rear-old readent of Exeter,
was hitchhiking bome from Amerbury, Mash, and had teached a polot 2 miles
out of town alnog Roote 150, deur Kensington.
According lo his atatement to
the police, be lonked up Into the Nky and ear a similar object apprecioe bim
with a rawine, kitelle meton.
He tbrew bloself egalnst n atone wall while
the chert hovered over a nearbs farmhouae, Labting up the entin: arca.
He
dually made a ron fot the fartohopee ne the oblert guiled out of eight.
Irahle
to meke sense of his hysterlcal stort, tbe farmer took no further acio and the
boy hitchhiked into town.
Here be reparted the storf to the poltre, even tbough
he saa In a otate bordering on shock.
It was now about 2 a.m, Oficer Bertrand was called on bis car radlo dud
lostructed lo take the bog back tor the farm arce to Inventigate.
"I was eare that tbege women and rhle kid bad sen a hellopter, or somethine
Ilke that," Ofcer Bertrand told te.
"Fut we went out lo the spot, and I parked
the craler. It wane rear aięht Nowinn,
We walked about n handred
Jarde not on the feld, near a barn mhere a lot of horve were kept.
Eld relled, "There itis!'
fp15
"He was Hebt. It was comte ap over a row nt tren
There was to boise
It fan shout 107 feet in tbe sir, und ahout 200 feet away from ms.
could age fire bright red llebts in a straight row,
Ther linned from right to
left, aud then from left to right-junt like nn advertising sign doen.
Hut It was silent. The bores storted kicking aod moking
an avid fuse, and the dogs in the farm started harking.
The Eld frose to his
tacks and Tarabbed him and pulled him torrent the pollee car, I reached Cor
iF revolyer and then thanaght better of il.
Then Offrer Darld Hunt arrived In
another petrol ear.
"We sal there and looked at it for at leant 10 mlnotes.
me tbat this doesn't bappen but il wag, right lo frout of my epee.
hIT braio kept telling
no tell hu wings, und agaln no send.
It hoteted here. still about 100 feet
away, not of tested amd wobbled, I don't know what It was.
that it was there, and three of no sow it together."
Mobody else can tell fon exactir mbat it was, elther.
Lieulenzut Cottrell q111
tell you that lue whole story 1e on the police blotter, and that yon can't And too
better officers than Hunt and Bertrand
"It I didn't hellere these gur, Id mit
'ere lu a locked rom and give 'em sume blocke to plas with," he sure.
Armpton poice will tell gon that to many rellable people have reported these
The elitom at the Manchester Union Leader and tbe
Exeter News-Letter will tell you that the reporle are from teo many rellable
rodrcea to danht
Moreorer, obirlale dpet other loral TIFO tandinge hare gone unteported.
Ae Lieutenant Cottiell said,
"IT I bad seen that thing-and I tan nIl alone.
bobody ele would bate eter hesrd stout it."
(From the Havarhill danette, Chet. IT, 1065]
PANTAGON DORaNT BELOTZ OFO EIETES HarTINAn
WAsHINeTon, D.C.—The Pantazon belleree chat, attor Intenare Investigatlen,
it has come up with a natural esplatation of the CFO eightlege In Exeter, N.F.,
un September 3.
A spokesman said the severul rigorta stemmed from "multinle objecte in the
aren," 7y which ther menn a bich-altitude Strategle Air Chromand exerces out
of Westoner, Mase, was gotng in at the time lo the area.
A REcOnd Emportant fuctor mee what is called a weather laverelon wherein a
lager of cold ir is trapped between warm layers.
The Pentagon spokerman
said thie natural phenomena chees catart and
Hanete to dance and terinkle."
The spottegman raid "We bellers what the people ## that night was mars
and planetz in nunsual formalans"
(Thin le the oilcial Air Forre "explanation" for tbe September 9, 1005, tIEN
Bightines in the Kenalneton Eueter, N.H. are.
I bave eared the USAN pable
infirmatlon olicer at the Pentagon for a copy of their ofetal eratustlon for the
eukummlttee and NICAP fleny
Chuimur, MICAP Massachantte Arbohmmifter.
VIDAL MAARACH LAETTE INYEPTIOATInO HoBrOMMITITE,
Weniham, Mart.
Subject: Addendumn IV, UFD report, deptember 2, 1983 (Kenedneton, N.EL.)
(Hertraum-Inat-Muscarello).
Date: Ontoter 10, 1015,
From: Haymond E. Fowler, chairmin, NICAT Maezachnsette dubrommittee.
То: NICAP
The bewarlip identifting UFO reports to the southero Men Hampahite arra
At the time of the
Beetle 3, 1905 UFO sghtne I checked
with the manager of "Oky-Lite Aerlal Advertlamg Co" and lt alreraft was not
dylog on thia night,
Ou October 9 I went oter the advertising plane's flight
paths betzeen Argust nad Ortober 8.
The plane mu not oven airborne between
durnt 21 and Septerber I0.
ya fee laler UBAF letter to fle which тетотея thelr potltion.

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 1117, "chars": 6993, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6016
Joepb Hollon aldo Informed me that. hie alrcraft tarely flien loto gothern
New Hampobire and when it doen It ią usunlig
lo the Salem ant Manchtter
nren, milt away from tbe Freter area.
He told me that be hail told tbe
Ameebury Newn that perhat- me UFO'e reported to New Hampshire conlo
have been bts alteratt
Unfortunately, this nevegaper need ble statement to
explain the rightloz, le the Serbrock aten which bordera Keosington, N.H.
Fbe "9ly Lile" alteratt* does not carry red daabiog lighta.
IL cartien a rec-
tangular elen cartylog whlte fashlag lehta.
Tr. was not altorne durioz the
southeant New Humpahire UFO tar
I have notidel the Amesbury Newe of
the true facta and bave asked chero to bet lhe record straight. I am lesung thin
addendu to avoid further rontosion.
Chairman, NICAP Hoarachuscits Avacummiffer,
LErow the Amerbury (Mone.) Neon, Oct, 1, 10651
UFO INENTIPID dE AT GIMMICE
The unldentifled flying object epotted in thin aren by mans reeldeule has flnally
beet Identifiet.
'e a fog board wieh contaios 500 biza intensity lighte that spell oot an
The electronte bellboard la towed by a apeclalis eleged light aircraft owned br
Sky-Lite Aerlal Adrertising Agency of Boston and piloted hy Daniel C. Tale of
Londonderry, N.E.
• Recently the rg has been flown over the Amebury, Benbrock, mad aruthem
New Hampebire area carrying the adrertlalnk mosage,
"Put & Tiger In Your
Tant-See Your Euro Desler."
Howerer, when spotted from ao angle not directly below the aircratt, It glrea
the appenrance of a flying saucer, quite like the "UHO'#" deebed by the area
regidents,
A spokeeman for the dro sald the sigo lo 10 feet wide and 40 feet loDg.
""Tbe
plane can turn on a dime, and wheo It tarin, it elves the appearonce of being
statlonary," the apokempan eald.
Earler
dięhta of the nigbt-flying billboard couth of Doston alan prompted t
fash to OFO reports before the "gecret" mae discovered.
Nunher
1 ard I...
3....
TIFO SUMMART SHEET
(PO reportySopt. 9, 1966
Witoes Neow and addres
AgE
Lottion of TFO mębting
Unkiratiled zoman murtorbt....
Hoot toL, Rpping in Kiter,
N.H.
Finite 150, Hensngton, N.H.
RL, Bitter, NII,
.... da..
Departmen!
Pickpocket
Haad, Rat
Ошот
4.H.
Jarl It
Hadt, 1i Charla
Irater,
Oner Darki R. Huut..
Unkentled MID....
.... de.
Be 540s Bypara, Tooke.
Harapton, H.H..-
Thas a.d.t
-12:20 g.t0.
10•m
+224 a.m.
+23861
15km
Eurly Lu.
HAGKERGUND
I recelyed demo of the sighting through pewachpe and from a frend arbose
nlece la a pollcewoman for the Freter, N.H., Pollce Department-
1 artired at
the thister police etatlon at 6:40 A.m., on September 11, and Interriered Officer
Thin aircraft
dtea alont tbe count to Rontoo add bach.
into and back i rate 5 arbor Arter hi om
Venally the eircrett
6017
Hnot who Olled out and aigned an eight-rage C'TO questlonnaire and later gare
pertaission to age bla name in conncetion with tbe report.
I preceded to the
residence of Norman Macarello and discovered that be was out of State votil
September 14,
Afrabgemento hore bero made for • personal Interren npo
bla return.
I then drove vut to the elghting area of sightloga two and tbree,
and intervlewed residents in the eneral area.
Neit, I feot to the home af
Other Bertrawi anel drore bim back to the aren of alphtiur two and three where
be illed out a UFO goestionnalre, aigned It and gave NICAP petminalon to use
his name la connection will bis algbtloR.
While at the sighting area he gave
me u detalled description of the sigbtines and related information.
I inter-
viewed others In the aren who bad relatro informatioo and arrited hack home
at 2:40 pun.
My brother, Elchard A. Fowler, und I returned to the area and
took photographs,
We walked several miles along eume powerlines near the
aighting area examloing thin area for any debe of a UFO landing.
We feel that
the might bave been attructed to the area by these powerlines.
nothing.
NIGHTING ACCONST TO.
At approximatels 12:90 em., e.d.t., Ofcer Bertrand came upon one woman
(not two ds repotted by newspupera) parked in an antomobile on route 101 Just
oatside Exeter.
Wben asked If she needed help abe eald exeltedly that aba had
been chased along Rnate 101 between Epplog and Freter for 12 miles ho a dylng
objeet which rag encircled pith a brillinat red glew.
Bhe stated tbat the
object dived at her moving antomobile several timea
17 hen
Hertrand asked
where tbe object was, she poluted to wbat he chought was a bright elar on tbe
horlzon.
He demiesed tbe lucklent and niter metchine the ligbt scurre for a few
minutes to renastire the women be priceeded on lo the erniser.
He demlened
the inellent und did not attach cuingh importance to the woman's account to
witTant obtaining ber name.
HUHTING ACCOUNT NO, DIMORN DETAILA FOSTHCOKING PERDIRO
PERAOTAL INTERVINV]
dt epproximately 1 am., rat, Norman Muscarello wee pelking along Route
Iod in Renelngton, N.O., ahoot 2.molles from Ereter.
He bad been Flaiting to
Amesburt, Mura, and bad been thumhing rider bome lo Exeter.
Ag de ap-
proached the Clyde Rousell reeldener he was nlarmed to de do object carrying
at leant four extremely brigbt red polanting gots emerge from nearby woods
abr manener over tbe fleld adjolning the road wbleh belooge to Oatl Dindog.
It moved over tbe Clyde Russell home and borered there.
The hanse Fia only
20 to 30 feet from where Muscarello stood and the object appeared to be Just a
matter of seteral feet from the root.
Frichtened thoroughly he ermiched down
beslde tbe stonewall which mina alone the feld.
Seperat times It samed to more
closer to him.
Its lighte ere ro bright that the Huesell bothe was bathed
with • red glonz
The site of the object weemed to be much larger than the
Rossell home and Muscarilln luter told the pollee 1t mAs 80 to 40 feet Joug.
The
object mae completely
silent,
Then it moved tock oret the Carl Dining flet
and disappeared over the trees.
Muscarello pounded oo the door of the Clyde
Humell have abuting that he had seen a fring sancer."
The Remella woke
up but refused to answer the door thinklog that the toy ten drunk or noce
thing.
Moerarello Anali, pave up and started domen the road toward freter.
He tagged domo a paceng aulmuble nod recelved a ride to the Exeter polle
chition.
(The above acconot in based upon Infottantlon recelved fren Ofcere Aunt and
Bertrand.
I hope to muelse more detalled information from Noribno Musc rello
personall ea sconds be returos from Rhode Ielaud.)
BICHITING ADDITNT NO. g
Muecurello reported the Ineident to Deet Oncer Hegland Towland at about
1:40 a.m., e.d.t.
He was white with fear and hardly ahle to talk.
A rAdio CEll
pas made to ofer Bertrand Bakine him to return to the etation, plot up
Murarello and investigate at the sene of the mghting which be did.
TIpon
nurizing at the Carl Doing deld the nhject was noshere to be been, After wall-
Let and looking from the cruiser for goveral mloutes, Bertrand radioed head-
quartere that
thenr
#n9 Dothing there and thal le buy met have been
It
TrEs then aureented that be examine the deld before

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 1550, "chars": 9191, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6018
returning, eo Bertrand and Mnscarello advanced into the feld.
Ae the polior
offret plaged his thunklight benm
back and forth over the feld. Mnsrarello
algbtel
the object raing slowis from bebioil eona nenrhg tret and vbonted.
Bertrand ewung erouni aud sawe largo dark ohiret carrying n atraight rin of
four estrordinaril, briøbt red pulsatine Møhre emulng into the feld at true
lop level.
It swung AtDull towari tbem Just clearing e A0 to 70torr tree and
beemingtr onlt 100 feet avay rrom thew.
Instletively Obcer Bertrand drew
bla bervice revolret.
fIle atrted thut Moscarello said tbat ha shouted "T'Il sboot
It!*y but thioklng this unarze replaced it nud selled to Muscarello to teke cover
in the crueer.
He toll me that he was ufraid that they both wonhd be burned
by the blindlng lighte cloelng in on .
them,
They raD to
the cruiser whire
Bertrand immeiately pot in a radlo call to headquartero tor asulstance.
Ofeer
Hunt arrived within tulnuteo and the trle obseryed the object more arr over
and belon the tree tule.
Doto {algktiag No. J)—-Bored
on sipred
quentionnatres and interviens roith
Oficers Bertrand and Fumi.
There ls contuglon concerolur the eract timee of the siębting
The police
etated that the nemspoper accunt stated that Musrarckrarrived nt the etatloo
at 12 a.m. 1o Incorrect aod that it was probeblr code to 2 n.m., e.d1.
T bATe
arbitrarily Healgned tbe tme ae belng 1:46 a.m.,
e.d.t.
after taling ever?
think into connideratinn.
Murcarelo's mother also thought it was cluser to 2
n.t. Perbaps after m interrem with Musorelo, I vill he able to pinpolot the
time mote exactly.
Based upon the 1:40 emo, țime and thr fact that when the
trlo returned to bendquartere and reported the gøbling Go. * tr Desk Ofrer
Toplend at exactiy 2:50 Am., I Agare tbat sichting No, 5 tonk plere approzi-
matcly betmeen 2:25 ond 3:40 m.t.
Sigbtiog No. R touk dace orer tbe delu el Carl Dining in Ecodneton, N.H., oo
Houtr 150 elont & mlles routh of Ezrter, N.H.
The dration of the chuervatlon
wee aluot 10 molnotev br Oilcer Hertrand and Normen Mascarrlo aud eboul G
minuter br Olcer Iont when be folned tbe peir et the fleld.
There #E no
trace of daylicht at the alchllng tlme.
The weatber wee dry and cool with a
ellght breeze,
Obeetfing conditlony prere excelent.
Tbe moou badk Bet at 11:15
pD, edotp and the eky wee studded with stara,
The exact ebepe of the object
could bot lo seed BJ elther police ofker although Bertrand told me tbat It
beemed compressed da It it vere round or ere-shapel with defnitels no pro-
truelone llke mingo, rudder or stahlllzer.
I hupe to obtalo шоте detalla from
Muscarelo roncerninz the shape, star, and so forth of the object.
The object carrled at lenat four extremelz brllliant polenttng red lighto rhlet
appeured to fash in d eteady deguence.
They were artenged in a fired strulght
Ilne piation,
Dücer Bertrumt suld Lhat tber wrer brighter than amy lght he
bad ever seep nod nt close rauge be found that be cuuld ont look directly at them.
Ile had tbe irapresglon that he and Mnocerello mięht baye been burned IC they did
cot roo from the object an It approucbed theo.
Re compared their brightnens to
that of automoblle bradiights shining directls in one's face ut leas than severil
TANIN STAF.
The manner in which ther Dulested gove Bertrand the disitct im-
preedon thet thlo was an intelligeutls conatructed tebicle ond definitelr not
sowe natural phenumenon.
The lighto mere definitely ecru to be pert of a lorge
dark alid object
The reflertion off the oblert's body canard a haln elect around
it.
Both oficera had eyeglazse on when viewing the ohject,
Hulther oficet
wonid give n ratimate of bom large the ublect itrelf mao althoush Dertronh wae
quoted to baye guld that it fagas "biz ae a honse."
Bertrand told me that lt wan
verȚ laurze but the liguts obecured It profecting him from ecring enough of it to
kowr how Lurke.
When Oficer Hunt arrived the objeet hed mured off so what be
thinke he only saw tro of the lighta.
I mae, bomever, able to obtaiu a statempat
froma Bertraml concerbine the apparent aise nf the oblect.
He stated that when
the object man at ite closeet that it pas almost the apparent nite of a "grapefrult"
beld at ann'ą lenęth.
When be Mrst elchted It the nize serced to be that of &
"babrall" beld at arpi'e lengtb.
He retinnter that 1t wras 200 yarde amag wbet
he frat apotted It after Muscarello ghouted,
Ile arif that at ita cłostat aptroach
it jn#t cleare a dearhr 80 to 70-foot tree.
He cald tbe object wat very cloze aud
tbat It appeated to be abont 100 feet AwaT.
Thile slewing It frem the erniner it
mianuyered over tbe Meld ot about FOD garde avay betore moviog out over the
tree line.
dn lt mored the obfoet deemed to tilt back and torth from ade to sidt.
The arbtnk fren wan opet countryalde with farma, fela, and woode.
The
object zras fret acen lo the northenst, and lost sern In the north moving In on cast
6019
to meet fight pattern Io a dralght line witb an eleration of abont 10ª abore the
Lree-line.
Both oficers bad reud a liltle an 1 FO'9.
Keither would venture an
oplalon do to that tbe object was hut Ofrer Pertraod stated that it wzw dellnite?
not an airplane or belicupter and thal iu ble opinion tbat it gas an lotelligentt!
coretnutel aud operated vehicl
No smod tras heerd ht tbe vitnerach, even nt
clost range but apparentls the anlmalyln the neorby harn of Carl Dininę coull
hear or cenne gomutblbg tbat frightened tben ae duriog nighting No, 2 ani No 9
ther ebionled and kickyd Ihelr atala.
The die whirh belonged to perpte actoor
the road was barking furinuals.
Na interference mas notiord vo the polire nadle.
nor were the liebta nud iguilion of the ernizer aftected.
Nelther oficer #oli
tatituale Wue ubject'e epeed but stoted it aros тегт glom.
No #corched marko or
Indentatloną were found in the fleli.
Inth «ficeme aętreu that their Mgnra etate-
ment and nemev coukl be uped b5 NICAP 1n connection mith the report.
HIGHTINA AÇCOTINT NO. 4
At 730 au. edt, Ofeer Hant sichted wbat appesred to be the eame object
horerlag lo the distance wbileet the Route 95-100 brpnss in Freter.
He tarlord
Ofrer Rettrand ihn tald hen it was atolahlt a etat.
Blottlr after thiu be lochtd
for it agoin but It bad dianpprnrel.
Biure lbere nao Itdle detoil in thin righting
I did not totber to proto for detalis,
AIGNTING SCORUNT JO, R
To add to the erettement the police and athera trid me that an uratentifed
hyaterical man trled to call the polle during thene earl, morolng bour to te
port a UFO.
Ho dlaled the operațor from A roy atațion in Hampton, N.II., aod
ezeltedly aked the operator to connect him with the pollee ae hr had bren cherei
ht a "fring aller"
Keftre thr call øld be put through to the police, the tele-
phone connection went dend. Neither the man ot the partienlar Hampten pay
etation could he teaced.
HILITARY INFESTIJATIOH
Odcer Bertrand informed me tbot soon after cber made their repurt of sløut-
lg No. 8 to Disk Oficer Towland ther notifled Pense AFE, Portamouth, V.H.,
dt the rightlng bg phone Later Pense AFH phoned back and arranged for
the police oficere to he intertiemed.
At around 9 ai0. that same morulog,
• USAF melor and leutenant lo uniforma arrfed, queztinned them and drore
hoth Gertruod and Hant out to the Carl Diatng beld where tbey bed alzbted
the UFO
Ther
arked more questione god ceturned with the bolice afferre
to the atation,
The USAF ofeers asked the polloe to trr to keep the cębtlng
frot the proso so ne to aroid narming the local pople.
Thr police told the
L'EAF nfcer that It won tro lute for this as deveral mporter» already bed
the starg.
(One hød driven from Manchester on e motntcgcle complete with
beck Ineket, hrlmet, not grzele I bruni privately thet ur pave the pollee
quite a otart. vbeb le came bato the stabion lookiog Ibe a man from outer
apace. j
Rertreod told ne tbat moel nf the questions Reted were the geme as I hari
anhed.
The URAF teato gere bertrularl, interested in the nize and shepe
af the rhfent
fre gartion thal dlurk
in Rertrtm'k nindl uat thal
thet
rauted to kooø' If the chickens on the Carl Ruseel resklence neft to tle Gell
WeTA aTakrned And alnrmed darine the sichtiog.
(Apparently ther were net
daturbel дя ther rere ont benrd durlne the debtios althoneh ther mar bare
and just mere not heard as the chleken house ie probably 300 400 garda, at
#** froM fbere Muscarello nnd Hertrand were standine in the Geld.ł
Three foterestine Stetos toll to the polire were that 11) that & TSAN cherk
had rerenled no aireraft In the area drine the time sløhtlno No. 9 ocurred:
(2) tbet IrARe AFT had heet trrdrine oter TFO reporta in the New Hamer
AbITe BrEE
alont, ulgbtl, during thr prerions week: (a) ther mentone a
dębling whirh took place in late Jula concerolng an automabile comlng opon
• UFO hoverine over the rmut in frout of them.
1 have the detalle und bore
to look into IL.
After returnioe Ofoers Bertrand ond Font to headgaartera, both the bajor
nod leuteoant returnel co tbe aløhting arco and garsținnod matdrnt~ lIving
hear the Melr.
MTA. Mnacaello told me that two TISAF oMcere had questoned
ber øn at length and that a L.S. Nurt oficer oleo came to the hrure and nekel
зететя guestinn, ahout the sfrhting.•

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 902, "chars": 5570, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6024
INTEHEATINO BIDELIGHTE
1. Mr. End Mrs. Chate of Keneington who live a few miles down Route 150
told me tbat:
{a) An AIr Forte officer bad pone around to all the stores elling news
papers in Ereter and purchased all cvples of tbe
Manchester, NO
Leader newapaper which carrled a detailed acsonot of three elghtingy and
a poge pooto of Hermao Moscarello and Ofcere Bertaind, Hunty
Tbe pollez had not heard of tole and I did nud check further.
(0) Mr Cham, a une, wan on duty at the Ezeter Hogpital duriog the
aightogs and told me that the Hatipton, N.H. police phobed Le hoepttnl
to are I A man pAs broughl Into tbe hospital outerle a beart attack or
This was lo relalion to the bysterial mon who trled to reach the
police by phone about being chaned by a UF. Reference sighting No. 5.
Mrs. Chase also told me that a frlend of hers, a Mr*. Parker Rindgett.
WITkA dA & correspondent for the "Haverbul (Mass) Gazette" детрарег
and feą eated by tbe USAF not to publish TFO report.
did as I have a eopy of her article datod September T, 1965. )
2. A Mrs. It. Laurente of Eloraton Road.
Kensington, N.F. told a charch
mlnlater friend of mine that her
brotbet,
who usually cute the bay un the
Carl Dinlug feld, refusen to do eu becoure be han beard that the bar has been
contaminated by radiation.
3. The police told me thet for the past fem weeke prevlons to the eightlugg
they bate received mporte from people, some of them personal frlenda, of their
whole boog cuddenly beluz momentarily Illumnated by a bright reddian glow
after they bad gone to ted.
In objects were AcrO.
N. Haraptoo.
Road (Route A4), Hamptot, N.H.
obeerted a star-itke object blinding red which alternatels hotered nod mored
in the westero ekt betteen 9 and 9:30 m.m. on September 5, 1090.
Blace VenDe
had set ant Mr.
DeMarto was a former USAF control tower operator ho
AsanTed me that It was not un aircraft, 1 thought the report mus worth
mentloding
5 A Mr.
Rire, who owns a CB radio told me that he was tallog over hin
radlo alth a Portsmouth, N.E., police erniser on Septemher 7, 1eft, about 9:00
p.m. e.d.t.
The oficer told bim that he wan out Inpeatignting a TO report nod
anked Mr, Rice to give him a call I he #potted it.
He bald the UFO maę mapped
to be over tbe Hampton Frils area near where Mr. Rice lIven on Hunte 99.
FO we Been by Mr. Rice
The cruiser used call letter IMA-SAI6 nd need
both channel No. 2 and No. F.
8, 8ince the UFD nighting at the Carl Dining feld. many cars pull tp and
watch for the abject at olght.
Mr. Diotog had to rope of the entrance lo bla
ald end poet it ae people were littering bis property
" Mra. Moscorello thinko the OBAT Ileutenant'a name wan Brant
& On my fret two vlatte to the Carl Dtning feld on tbe morolug of September
11, 100, I * a lor-fring O 119 Flging Boxcar pree over the area oo both
9, Other eivillan UFO Investigators were given the brushott by the police I
was very fortunate to have recelved much a food respoose from them.
BALTATION
Characters of relinannen
Huacarello: Comes trom trico-broken bome has bad prohlema with poller
and is well know ho them camalls a cod, calm bog. Futll my pergonal later
Flen with him I con say no more,
Bertrand aud Hont: Credible vltoesses, good vbeerrera with a teen desire to
relate only lacto-l could not even persuade them to zuess at cetimatee of the
obleet'# real site and speed.
Algotluz No 1: There te enough almilarity between the anddentifled momen's
report and the detalled nightiner No. 2 and No.
3 to warrant ite probeble an-
Tbe chances of a altollar reporl occurring the nator mornine, unles
it were authentic, 1e astronomical,
It le predible tbat the oblert ebe pointed out
to Oicer Bertrand 7se Juplier and not the object that had chated her.
Hightings No. Z and No. 9: The credibilito of the witnessing pollce offleere
couplet with the algotinen of Muscarello, the mant lypical UFO characterbetles
6021
exhibiled by che object; the other correlated TITO reports and the milltarg'o
loteret and aettons concerning the LFO reporta, rate then an frat-class UFO
nightines by tble inrestigntor.
Slehting No. 4: Ibufficient informatino but Interesting,
Siguting No. S: Agalo, the chantes are astronomical that several peopte
entirels independent of oor another should report that tocy were "rhased by
ů lying saucer" in the euro general area.
It is peenble concerning atgbting No. b
that someone could bare hero monlluring the polio radio conversatlone almot
the DFO reporte abd derided to play a little Joke bot thie aremo unlikely. Not
many people, other tban responsible Liw enforcement officers are up tuning the
police radlo and at these wee hours of the morning.
Ibae, the report le probably
Why lut undentified
tat did not or could not complete bis call to
the police will have to remolo oo open questlon unlese be stept forward and
relates what bappened.
I rawable to talk to mans pepple during my inyertigatton. The Rteat maforita
did not appenr to be Irightened about the locident.
This In contrary to what the
URAF team tbought would oceur if the ators got 1o the newapapers. |
fear, I fonne a tremendous enrinaity on the part of people to know more about
Strangely enougb meny openly voleed the laterplanetary orlain theory
without any erragement from te.
Several тевт ag zer few people ober
then thow who bare read widely about UFO's would tulk like thin.
surely over the geare tbe publie han been becoming UFO-conselous: Reporta lIke
thie obe crupled with wide poblication will belp much in Informolng the public-
at-large of the reality nod problem of U FO's
000000-70-10. 6E
-

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 184, "chars": 1229, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- B4 THE COMPASSI
6022
-TE AND
AAA
SING THO
FIELD
BERTEMAI
#MITRUM
eati
100009
T74I0
0003650000050
• 00500000 0 500200000000ea
52A305!
RT$150
150
FASCANELOO
SIGHTING 3
LENTING R 2
Faced E.
Chairman: HICAP Mass, Subcornitee
6023
DATA SHEET
This questionaziro has been prepared en that you can
4* much
that
you have obserted.
you possibly de.
Eldaso try Lo anguet 30 04.
targarch purposes.
• tbad for
#tatundite, p0uelus1o.;g,
Your nace W1ll not be bard In cottootion with
The x you vary much for your coopetatio: In thia mattes,
or publintion witbaut your paradnaton.
Page Gie
Raymond 4.
Ha suschueott.
he d you bey the space?
1945
TErR
I. Tline of day*
BOUR
Tine torer (clicle One) t
INTEE
PaM,
Central
Isylight
Houtala
Sartry Tian
Pacific
ötbar
Additional regackaI
bitato of Comitry
In astimate done log you eas the ablact. FuRE ANTS SONS
5,1
Cirola dus et the follortig to Indicato tow certaiu you are of
Cartatu
amy cartels
0, Hot tary nurt
d, tust a quote
but was the bocditlot of the myt
a. Bright daylIght
0. Bright trillyht
Just • track of daylicht
Lt trace of deylight
Don't cohombat
located ca you footed at the oblett
TWILIGHT, or shit, whate was the
in FronE of you
D. In bu:
To your right
"'..
cracked
Don't Forestar

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 257, "chars": 1596, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6024
8, If pou ser the obitot at HIGHT.
IWILIGI, or lati, what 41d you notics
t marber
c. to s00.11ght+ dark
9. Had the object belghtet tim: to background of the exy?
@rar
3, 40
D.It It waD AIR TA the cry background, #ad the bright I1* tool
€ lu autorobile bellight cataring to bet IÇINEL ONE BeLON!
B: 4962%
„01*
muayrin diote..t
0Iг)
blacke eunyt
* block away?
d.
•.
It, Did the object!
b
d.
granor note or exploitai
The go shags?
d. Flicker, throb, or pulaato?
(Eiral Gie for such gunstlout.
why at aur timel
ILL
093008
ш0N • **H
DON'T KAM
DDO T KOCH
17. 2nd the oblost pore billid somathing at dug time, partleularly e aloud?
DO THIN
It you distural Yier Ete,
tall'what it wored bendid:.
13.
Uld the object coro la frole of masthlig at uy tloo, particulsely
4 cloud?
[firele Onal
It you 1. erad yeli thou tell what It Bored lui E50It OfF
TE: sid you obesive the bbleet
b.
through .ly DE the follordig:
0. OLF.
1.
6025
14.
17.
Tell dil a few worde thin
FINED
b.
COLOR _
Page 3
ing tha.on about ebe object.
Draw a ploture that will ahow the stapo of the oblest or objecta, Inbot
wings,
and Include 1u your sateb my detallo of the object that you em pich 40
Pisco 2. ArIOV bedide the drawing to
protrueloil, ote., 4 'enpacially echaust trullo er tapour traile.
Loving.
shot the direction the object
*WEST-
EST -EAST_
RED LipHTs
• RED LiNTS
FLAshINg
17. The adgon of the object vorti
((1ralo Ota)r
4. other Lipt E WERE
19-
b, Like • bright star
e, sharely outlined
• *hora VaN MORE MAN OHi Objaot, tbar to
Footage of boy they mi am god, ad put 7 de to mo
the direction that thay vero tE#V2111rg-

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 305, "chars": 1963, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6026
6027
рада 4.
10.
Irau • pleture that Vlll shou the rotio: that tha
ec or
obíoca gad
Pinco s, tr'.
A sha - Po0 do e 2 bg y se
di bootto, dutt a the coutae.
B
71-
11 tatte i saet dor msn fat the roal slan de rita oblat
Wad La ita Iorgaat dimniado..
27.
Ot le go did tho ebitot of oblaste aspart da congorad Vith qua af t]
lioning objecta eld' d tho fo d at about atz a 10.0th
{Cirçi• Dral:
t. Henil of a p1..
bu Pan
d+
68:
bubull
dickol
ara fruti e des foutie 41
tuttleil
tetter;
2-T.H 811=
27.1 CIRIE ORá Of the fozló za ta Ludlonta bou cattal., pou eE9 DE
uur • mar to vorstio, I7.
a thäte por vidd eter ut WV Coriato
( Mt tary sure
b. Talrly orcte1»
'I-pop marts
2-500 gaale
27.
How did tha abject of ebleto dlagupott trọn tlaw! _—
_DAPPED
RELOUL TADE CIE
74e
In dider that
wich you tet.
N/*
25-
Pago s
HAOrT: LATo you
Located whan you
{Etrci• 0nniI
• Inside • I011a1
In t CAT
In eI #i#pla=
• ••g'
76.
Naca you (0inela Ote)r
b.
In the buslim, esctlon of aity?
Ir
the tanidontlal pctto: of
• tyz
Q Ryne t10
• =
Flylag orar opan ountry?
Üçber
27.
het mate you dodg ot che tise yos au the object, did hoy ala yo
HiraT Te mas LsT
1 getas oed bey
29.
Il you Nose KOYLE IH AN AUTINBILE DE other veniclo at the cim, titi
sorbiete the willont o questio. au
18.1 want (lractio. vore you dovlug} (Cirate 06#]•
N/A
a. North
Botth
E. Portimaat i: Soubant i: Battennt
I: bort
bortbant
25,2 Dow feet Kete you morlsgf
7/14| pA# bou
20:3 Dld you atop et duy tlen wille ebeasting abject?
etrele onela
77.
ae dinee vese yon denkg hm you bier sur iia catari((n
a. Horto
o. #zet
e. South
#+ Moot
Horthaurt d, Sontheart I. bontheit I, Mortisat
30, unst dl rtt10. voIs you looti.y wte, J0u LIST EAM the üblectä/elktla Ooa
if Horin
. t
sonth
7+ Ment
D. Horthannt
d. seltbadet Iu southent
tu darthunat
31.
N/H
• 7i.1 dur 1t {irat appoarada
a. Trat: trian HoItb —
- degreen
Eo Fron horiso.,
31. I Hina, 1t disapp00red:
_dote,
4. Fron trio dorth _
In Irom horla0:
_darTtae
_ degrann

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 219, "chars": 1292, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6029
3I-
Peço 5
I tho tollons a dates it to or to tien
et the polat shown.
the oblect vas eboyn
the carved 11.e
-* ori the
SurvEd itin to
he. you Latt can it+
politler tha object
37+
lu the following lergar,
AN uha: you FIRST uN 1t.
33,1
fare thorn a y did eirsinIt 1: the aty duri @ your eightingt
rEwarnd Jus, was 1t following OF
It yu a erad Yet, plenor aircle TYPa Of aircraftı
PRIVATAL EAT:
How say englon du im olear--* Noye?
Nor ALR'
6029
Hage I
that Host tir wasther to dittoo at tha tine you dew the wbiecti
• car cy
Hazy
Custattured clowa
Thick
05 teary cloude
14.2 10(G1rele One]
w1.d
& tight scorse
Stop a wh
0g.
cold
SE Coal
dATI
bot
Don't romanber
•.
15,
Are, did yuu report to sare offletel that you had
Honth
PESE OFFER EXITEA RD.
-AFFICER.
VALI
95.
Hayo you rend Ilturature ptital 1.o to Unlda.Lillod flydo tajootar
If Tidi, You muchr (C1celo Ona) A LITTLet
37+ Was a yue olse with you at the tle pod cow thn objectt
37.1 It you disrated Tas,
did thay pid the obloct toot
30.
37-2 Plotse lint erato anon a d addresans if you Elrelad rass
attach aquarite abeer Cor sbovel
Han this the dicet tine that you had dost du oblect (al 11ko thin:
JE-l If pou a cared 10, the via vara, o d Huda Mut chreata con
saved it, what do 20 kht i kite objectio) was a d what might
Da
NoT KNowo

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 262, "chars": 1676, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6030
li. bodyce trit you de Asit Ex tha sod of tbe obincti
If you a incred for the, what speed would you estleste?_
_MP#
41. 7o you sal t you el astimate tou far duay frat, you che object waal
It you a preced Yat, the
tar anay would you ery it vast 100_ract
01d the Objacttal causo eny 1 terfacaice with the operatlou oft
{elecle wore applicable)
It you a derli ed a y of core, expist. tho i tattern on bolon
tar a photo talu of the Objactiel/ (C/rule Oral
Xiould you be willl d to subalt e copyt (careta Ona) Yut
Mr Xt you alroled rit, planes and dopy 1 Alcall I Mistery sal burage. te
#. Do you below.
11st then
may vo 2.5ten your rogurt
¿f you ._ - 1a koytoo fldo tiali
wa Abilin yvur report a a uno your ral
17.
- SCALE
I A NUR 173 19 4 7
(type ef)
- E. Other quacial traul ni-
0. 37102ze Berl
8031
U FO DATA SHEET
Page are
Information ar
that you have oboarved.
you ponsibly dan.
"Unidontitied †iylig Ob1ect'
Thin I you tary much for your cropacetlon 1a thia Tuttor-
Invastigators Mationel Inventigatlon Cormittee on defial Fhasonara
Raytone f
fowlar
13 Friend Court
Manham, Hastochuettta
I, then ded you dog the object?
165
TinH
2. Tina bE day•
(Circlo Gua)*
55
MIMING
OF
F.M.
→ Paylleht
40ш t114
farifle
Othar
TLa
1. Mars vero you what you ear the abjaot7
FFD
roarobe Iostal Addreto
tensinis
Sity
QI Totti
Additionni roarkaI _
N.H
State er Covitry
Cirole one of the followig to ladlete hon cartalo gou are of
your duuur to quantio i 5,
4= Castalin
4, 1777 7LEY A
de Just a quara
Au that was the tooditlon of the sty?
(Eirale Onel,
d. aright daylight
b. Dull daylight
o. Bright trillght
4.
Just a trees at degliptit
do traor of daylight
Don't Fancatas
I. Don't ramanter

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 222, "chars": 1392, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6032
before diffing:
B, If you sow the oblect at Miwit, THILI.
•I LiNi, what did you dotice
A for
i too Many
T. don't conenbar
Dali Founlight
so moonlight- dork
de ContEnder
4. as the objact brighter the: the background of the skyr
1. 10
HIt It MAx BRIGHIER MAN the sky backgrouno, M
the belgitices like that
tobile hoolight d pAarl g to bar ICIRC ONE ErLON]
¢4г]
blocke owny?
¢. A black swayi
11.
Did the objecțI
buddenly opted up ad cuch away at guy tioni
d.
(Stocto Dea for dach quartion)
DOU'T KIM
Т КЫ0H
SOHIT HAD
DON'T KNOW
TA T
Cha.pe belgatnara/
Hito shapel
4D
1I-
äld the objeot rave botlid soothing at my tie, perticulerly • clowd?
It you drewsted yet. than
13.
• a tud ollect too tr trit of meeting at dry cind, partieularit
rab (o) DON'T KNO
{citele Q0+l
If you awared yul, tha tell what It Bored In frait atI _
15.
Id you ebraTTe
the object
Plaster
TE 17
through any of the fallert.a?
15 C
6033
Page 3
16.
IT-
Illl li • tou vurdo the jallong thige abour the objact.
SOU News.
protrualons,
rapput trallo.
PLacE a.. artor beside the drawino to sbon the licution tho objact 4aa
boving.
LEIT
two of othr....
Rank bialt, iLashiel
- EAST-
Tz Hint
I0. The adpon of the object wars
(circlo Qual+ e, furIy or blutted
*. I1ke • bright star
¢. Sharply cutlined
IP.
Draw a picturn
thet Lifeution tbat Lay wet travelling.
Light,
AT shi+t
start.
beat they castin
Hal stect.
1e d
punching
EAst

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 258, "chars": 1577, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6034
70.
FeJe 4
Dcor • alcture that vill chou the notio: that the object or
'*" at tho bent ilon of the patht
Lredtlo, during the d0ura7.
ft. charge
dination
07-
Aughe
7t.
27,
b.
Pet
Dimo
#lcket
Larter
Silver dollar
En ptite 11
I.
Gramalndt
si ceter
Bankotball
to ludleate bor ouitali you ara of
your a eot to wuantlo., i3.
Colote
De Fusely carteln
Esmateison bried to fratuhte
E JOK TAry MUTA
d, Uncartel .
dintAnce op
Hom die the ableut ur objecte dienstar tra vent teneffet bee-
74.
In ordes that you ou, gite du aloar « plotuce en posaitlo of viat Jeu
wo, we vould Ilko
bjact trat yo
ed unat wapi would it hayet
vorda a commoi object of objecta rhict
My vote air the dater ce an the objet iiich you sex.
6035
25.
76.
29,
70.
Inside • toilding
the buaiste ection of rity7
In
In
tha
cutdovea
opi cou.trymdoł
*, Othot
ceryz
Uthar
ast wars yuu dadig at tho than you cas cte obloct, aid bon did you .
happer to votica 117
Calted de
It you vere MOVIN IN AN AUTOBILA DE okbar votielo de toe tisa, than
28.I I what diractio: →0ro you torlifi {Cipala Ona):
barth
En Hortocast di
EnGt
HaNt
- #ortha
20.2 Hov fant vera you maving?
-lieu par bour
1903 010 10 00 0 00 cbc
hat directla; vois you luckly sta jiu TIRST MAN the objent?(Ciral+
Morth
•. fouth
9. Hent
Eurthent d, southennt f. doutismnt
h. Northwent
what deutio, wato you lookly woe, you tast sur the objecti cirale dod
4. touth
b. Horthnast d. soutistet I, southert Ma sorthrent
degribu tba abyuat tre trou trime
to ce dant di god le ce perd fes et lamatel
Jl.l iter It Ittet epinerede
_40479
b. Fron true forth ...
_departi

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 244, "chars": 1552, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6030
31-
P00 &
Is the folloniug shatch, toagln that you are et the yolut ahon
FiLEO d.
*A"
the cutted Ilut to ohoy
how ligh zhe object whe abou
tle T05f 20.
Lakgli ul wie.
curtad Ito țo
wba. you IbT nau 1t.
In the follon ig 1e0.
FIR#T
#u it, e.d •
o whe Frer to ahties weter ae
BV 1T-
lazg-t aktch.)
13.T were theore d y kilheid airceact, dy the aly durs up your alghesngr
If !uu buwar] ț.s.
no milde ti[lad 7lytą Objectr
Il yuu e-puerad Yua, pindaa aircle TYPL ol 4lrornítı
KILITLY!
COra, D.ELAL-
PROP LER!
Eve pay aigt.ne dld the aireieet taror -
6037
Hapa 9
It. Wiet vare tha wouthar s ditlo.o ot the thee you wu tha objecti
1 {
whod
#light "3a4rat
çícøa
Thich or heavy slotda
d.
[n: 't Kancab4I
LOn "t Inanțer
14.7 HEATHaR (CirelO OT.a)
aurata or baang saintn
I out resorber
14,4 TIMP UTUR [CIrCİ0 Ora]
culd
: [001
Hot
•-
Dan't renaatet
75.
wha. ald you report to pine official that you had
Offlcial ot Orgenizatio.. Hodolal
DAY
terk errisee, Freten .ty
3:
PIrine, Toland.
mer: the object!
TaLr
26- Masa juu tral 11t1
rature portal 1 g to voldanti ied flytią OoltE!
(01;(10 970)
NO
Ié Yis, bov machi (fiscia Onat A CATile)
IDALTIZ MINIETJE
37.
tao a Toe ates with you ot the thes you teu tha oblast?
{Clitle dool
37, I I2 you sumerad Tet.
did tbry mo the object tool
(Eitelo cno)
17,2 Please Ilet C701F 1000/
• d edirnasen 1E you erelod Ye*r
(Attach separato anet tor ebura)
30.
itha thia tre Iliat Line frat you had ena, di object lal LIko cte:
gv]
14.1 dld 90 se the o odl hera, aid luder viat ohra sta-cas
58 v 10/ d 70 me al vae a d that mighe

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 723, "chars": 4673, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6039
10. Untou thi t you ca titlaste the speed of the abject!
Fago E
(cleçi• Qnel
..YES
If you a raced Tos, Sha: what apati would you artiesta?,
4h, Do you thid yuu de, astimato hot far paray frog you the object want
(circle Que)
4z.
how far away would you say It want I out Pest
= Prides e Horizen.
Did the polatt(e) cause any 1 tertarace ulth the operation oft
FADIO TVI LIGHTE! CIFER? .
NoNe
4J, dea a photo ceta, of the Objectia); (ClIclo One)
Al! you eiraled Jis, pladso perd supy ladicath @ mountary dal turacao tr
• Pya belt here an
Ilet chan belon
15.
47.
FLouRE Fly the follul a Lufonatio, about yourealt.
_HyNt
Last #057
Monors 1 chenhes st.Exeter
Titite ME 113-3615.
to a
State
N=- it
Please Intonto a y educational tralaluo you tara hadr liurter of pard
*. Grade school _
,, Hiot echoor
- montilat tool.
[Type af)
41149•
part gredunto
• I. other mactel tratr1.4?
48. 510.
но 94285
6039
WEYEAR, Mass., October 23, 1965.
MANTON M. JAcKs,
Mojor, Uns. Afr Force, Oniel. Pictorai Branch,
Prodie information Diviston, OMce of Information.
BAF-DIPB
Once of the Secrefary, V.A. Air Force, Fothington, D.C.
DHAR MaJDE JacHo: Thia le a formal Inquiry enncerning the olelal C.B. Alr
Home praldelion of lue detailed UFO reperl enbmitted to AF9Ç-NTD, Prolet
Blue Book last mooth.
MT investigation atul subequent report took place shortly
after the officlal IS. Air Force inventigatiog team from Pease AFB made thelr
The CEO sizuting hot phoce bolyven tbe Cirie Rusell and Carl Dining prop
ertles along Route 150 ln Renaineton, NIL, on September a, 1985, In the early
bours of the morning.
The witnesses were Norman Muscarello sud Offcers Ber-
trand and Hunt of the Exeter, N. H., pollee fonte.
In 1084 I customarily received currepumlence frum yuur uflee lo response to
LET era suhmitted to the ILA. Air Form for evolnaton. Thi wan appre
1 bave aubmltted mens reports since but bave not recelved ny responae.
Ihle la wolerstandable due to the many reporto recelved by the C.S. Air Force
and 1 do bot expect such e service on four part normally, but, I did apeud a grest
dral of time and thought on the Kensington, NA, report and would appredato
four sending tbe oficial US. Air Force eyaluation of tbe same de soon ne possible.
I understand tbe evaluatioo has been made.
Thank gou for your cuperation la thin matler. I look forward to hearing Inno
Sincerel,
RaTuuno H. FONLER
DEFLATMENT DE THE ArE FORcE
Wothington, Jantary 85, 1966,
DEAR Me Fowlse: Thie 1e la reply to gour request for Information on the
Eacter, N.A., CFO sightings,
The laltial investigation fron Fease Air Force Gase was submitten to our ofice
nt Septether 16, 1960, and contained atatementa from the princital FItnesses,
Thia data Iodlerted that a refueliue operatlon mlgot hare been tbe cause of the
sighting,
Refueling arto "Fut Trapper' and refneling aren "Down Date" are
controlled through Loring Alr Force Base ood located orer the aren of the right-
log-
A call »as made to tbe oratroller of thle retuellug area, and we tere to-
formed that ther
were elneed from OR/0600T to DR/000Z for en 8th dir Force
operation,
"Big Blast."
A call wug placed to the 09th Bomb Wing at Weslover
Alr Force Hase for informatioo on tbts oeretlon.
Tbe Initlal Impresslon g'яя tbat alreraft from do 8th Air Force operattoo. "Blg
Blast," was the cause of the lighte observed doring tole incident-
Intormation
recelved from the 9th Air Fotre Indicatee tbat 10 B-47 alrcraft from Pese AIr
Force Anso Invoted in Operation Big Blant "Coco" were In the trafe pattern
птет Ereter, N.EL., between 03/4117 eod 01/5152 A copy of thie letter 1s enclosed.
Ance thie loformation conflieted with the time of the elghtlog and
eliminated
these aircraft an a poseible evaluation of this ibeldenk, a lelter was forwarded to
Mr. Hugene Bertrand aod Mr. Dave Ront of the Exoter Foller Department re
questlog claridcation of the time of the elabting, 4 copy of our letter to these
gentlemen and a cups or their mply io altached.
The early eigbtings by two innamed armen and Mr. Muscorello nre attributed
to alreraft from operation Big Blast "Orn." The nabrequent obserratioo br Off.
cers Bertrand and Hunt ererring after 2 д.ш. are regarded as unidenitled.
Hincerely.
Joan P. AFAOLDING,
IdentmEnt Colonel, DAir Forte, Chief, Civil Branch, Community Rela-
done Ditiaton, Offce of Information
EATE QUINTANELLA, JE
DIcTisEn 2, 1960.
Hair, V.R. Air Force,
Chief, Protont Blue Boot,
#righe Pattereon AFB, Daptor, fhin.
Dude Sie: We were vers glad to pet zour letter doring the third work in
Vovember, because as Jou mlebt imagine we hase bren the subject of confidere.
be ridieule since the Pentagon relud Ito "Qual evaluation" of our sgbting

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 1148, "chars": 7385, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6040
of deptember 9, 1905. In other worde, both Patrolman Hunt and myself pan
this object al close range, checked it out with cach other, confrmed and re
confirmed the fact that thie was not any Ilnd of conventional aircraft, that it
was at an altotude of not more than a couple of hundred feet, and went to cou-
edderable tronhle to confiro tbat the weatber was clear, there wao no wind, no
chance of weather loverslon, and that what we were zeeing was no illugien or
military or civilian craft.
We entered thie 1o n emmplete ofbelal police report
л*я Mipplement to the blotter of the morning of September 8 inot Sentemter
3, as your letter Indicates).
Sioce our Job depends o ecurac and an ability
to tell the diference betreen lost and flotion, me were natutally distarbed br
the Pentagon report which attributed the
objecta" in tbe ares and "weether interston lebtlog tor
1f hat la n little difilmult to under.
atard is tbe fact that your lelter (undated) arriord consderably after the
Pentagon Telease.
Bloce Four letter waye thal you are stil in the procees of
making a fnal eralzatioo, it seems that there la an inconalsteney bere.
the mouldn't be too importard except for the fart tbat lo e altoation
like thlo me are natorally very reluctaot to be crueidered Irresponsible in our
oucla: report to the police etation,
Alnce one o on (Fatrolman Bertrand) wee fo the Alr Force for 4 reare en-
raged it refueling operations with all kinds of mollitary alreratt, It was im-
poadble to mistake what we rem for aur kind of military operation, regardless
It mad also definitels not a hellenpter or halion.
Immerlately atter
the object disappeared, we did see what probably ves a B 47 at high altitode,
bot it bore po relatlon at ell lo the object we carr.
Another fact le that the tme of our obeerrotlon wan truelf an hour after
which would eliotate the Oth Alr Force
do Jou Bay this took place between midoleut and 4 0,m,
Norman Muscarello,
whn frst reported thie oblect before we meot to the mght aw H eutembere
the relutty of 2 a.m., but yearly
AD hour had paged batore ho got into the
nolice etation, and me went out to the location with him.
We would both appreciate It very much if you mod help un elulnate che
turible conchaloo that nome people bare made lo that re mlzht have (a)
made up the utory, vF {0}
do along thie line would be very much appreciated, and I'm sure you can under-
stand the prellon me'te in.
We appreclate the problems tbe dir force must bare with a lot of irresponsible
reporte oo thle subject, and don't want to caure poo ang unpecar trouble,
Dr the other baod, me link fou pribablo underataod our porton.
Thanke very much for four Interest.
BUOLME BERTRAND, Patrolman.
DaYID Hunt, Palrolman.
DEPARTMENT DE IRE AtI FORCE,
HEADQUARTEra, 8тH Ate ForT (SAC).
Mertover dir Force Bate, Mard. Novertor 2$, 1965.
Memoroadam: DOOTO.
Subject: UFD eightlug.
To: APSO (IDEW/OPON
1. In reply to pocr letter, eame subject, Norember 16, 1065, and telephone con-
mersetlon between Speciallat Master Serzennt Helley, Sth Air Force, and Bergant
Moody, Headquarters, AJ70, on November 19, 1095, the following Infortration 1a
harminhert
Z Big Bret 'Coco* a SAC/NORAD cralaing mleston, fre down on Jeptember
2-7, 108б,
By 03/0430Z, the operatlobal portoo of the miedon man complete, and
partelpettng alreraft pere en rote to thelr bome atations.
9. Ien B 47 aircraft from Peast AFB mere lovolved lo Big Bleat "Coeo" and
were estated to errive at thelt Initlal appronch Ax ¿Tene TACAN 920" radieL,
10 DME f1), between 03/0444Z and 030536G
The lowu of Eteter lo withlo the
trade pattern utiliced by elr tradde control lo tbe recovery of tbese aireraft at
PrEE AFF, NA. During ther approach the recoterine alreraft
pould have
been deplaylog standard porton Ighta, ancieottielon lights, and poseibly over
wing and landing lightr
For the commander.
WIZIAN &. MGLIPIN, Jr.,
Lieutenant Colonet, DIB. Atr Forde,
Directorate of Operation.
64I
MT. EGOLNE F. BERTEAND, JI-,
MT. TAVI R. HosT,
Emeter Police Depariment, Areter, N.IT.
ÜEnTLeeN: The sighting of various unidentifled objecte by Foo and Mr. Nor-
man Mascarello was lorestigated by pificlala from Pcoer Alr Force Base,
N.A.,
and tuelr report bue been forwarden to our offce at Wright-Patterson Air Foret
This sighting at Exelei, N.H., an tbe night of Septemter 2 has beeo elven
conelderable publicitr throuch various nems release nud lo magazine artele
almillar to thut from the Gaturdar Rever of Getober 2, 1905 A portlon of tile
articie in attached for your information.
Thie Infortuatlon wes releaaed by the
Natlul Investigations Committre on Aerial Fbenomena, & private creanization
which bas no connection with the Goverament.
ANA reEnIt of tbege articles, the
AiT Force bas receited inquirg a to tbe ceuwent this report.
Our lovestigation and cvaluatlen of thie eightloo indiczlen a posslble anancia-
don with au 8lh Alr Force operation,
"Big Hlast"
In additlon to alteratt from
thie operatlon, there were fre B 47 tope aircratt fying in the aren dariuę this
Before a Anal eraluatton of your eghtink can he tade, it lo esectHal for
ue to know If either of you witnesed aDs aircraft in the area durlug this time
perfod elther iudependently or in connerdon with the objecte obserred. Since
there were many alterait io the aren, at that time, and thete were no reporte nf
unidentifed objecte from pergonnel engoged In thia air operatlon, me myebt then
arome that the objecte obeeryed betseen midnight and 2 n.m. mlzht be anso-
dated with this milltary nir operation.
If, however, these aiteraft mere onted hr
eitber of you, then this trould teud to elitinate thin air operation an a plausible
aplanatlon for the objecte obeerved.
Blocerely,
Major, VRAF, Chief, ProJect Rive Book,
NOVEMDER 15, 1985.
Memo: TDEW/UFO.
Subject: TFO digtting.
To: Hq 9th Air Force.
1, A report of an onidentiled dylor object was suhmoltted to our offlee at
Wright-Patterson Alr Force Rase by the 817 Combat Support Group,
Alt Force Base.
The report wan subrotted to Wright-Patterenn Air Force
Bage in accordance with
AER 2M-2.
Fraloatlon of Information gubmitted
lodicatee that the olgerration may be aranciated with the milltary operatlon,
Big Binst
The locallon
and arouod the town of Preter.
of the obaeryatlon fas tbe New Hampshire area,
Tlme of the reported UFO wae the wight h
dugust 23, 1005, abd specifieally 08/0600 to 0000 Zebra. Tble UFO report ban
pired conalderale pullelty In newapaper and macaste artleler, and thi
ir Force bor recelrer
I nomerous querlem regardiog the cause of this rightlng.
£ We would like to know tbe specific types of alreraft need In Lie operetlon
and possible location of these aireratt at the tlme of the report.
For the commander.
Colunet, D8. di Force,
Deputy for Terhnolopy and Guanunterer,
NICAP MARBACHLAErTS InVERTIGATINa BISCOM MITTEE,
Wentam, Joss, Fettuary 10, 1966.
DEPARIMENT DF THE AIE FORCE,
J.B. Air Force.
Wastirpton, D.C.
(attention: Jobn I. Spatlding, Heutenant colonel, D.B. AIr Furet, Chlef, CivlI
Branch, Community Relations Divison, Oflce of Informatlon!.
DAR COLONEL BravLoinG: Thank Jou for JOur correspondeber of Jannary 25,
I960, in response to mr letter at November 24. 1985, regarding my Inquiry con-
cernine the september 3, 1904, DRO agbtloze in Preter, N.H.
I appreciate
quer letter and the attached backup information concernine wolch I would make
the following comment#.

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 1175, "chars": 6927, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6042
The UYO eighted by Norman Muscarello ran Identical to the UFO aighted
Nonnat obscred the VEO et cloc
range durtog his initial algutlug.
There Is on queatlon in mr mlod that the
вате or similar object was intolved lo both of there Darticular sightings.
number of pulsating ligbta, the gavin* motloo, the
this Bo very apparuL
Sloce I did not interfles the "nonamed promen" I am
not certain of tbe details of their nightlong but according to Oficer Bertrand, tur
object they descrihed me very almilar to the FO tber sizhted later.
arli that another witues, a male mntotist, aleo eighted a similar object.
trled to phone the pollce from a par atation at nearby Hampton, MH,, but wan
cot of.
Later be reported the locident to U.O. Afr Farce antboritles at Pease
«FB.
'The chane are astronomucal that nix people, collrely Independent of
each other, should report the identical descriptlon of a UFO within the open of
Beveral boure In the ate general нгел.
I am amare ef the many TFO alght-
tnge In New Hampablre especially lo September.
may be more than
colocluence that many of these elgbtings were near powerlioen.
Althongh I do pot detee completelf with the var Moshington fo handling the
UFO problem I am sywpathetle with the offlelal attltude,
I bave ebooch faith
in the Gorerument lo realize that altbourb oficial telenses on
Indicate that DEO's present no problem
repatring national security and that
the U.B. AIr Force treats the eubject liøbtly, the convere le troe, that iø, tbat
• full-acale military and eclentide revearch program lo belor carried out no
UFO's because tbes are a threat to our ontlonal securitt.
It is because of thie
belief that I wIll continue to dend the better UFO reporte our subcummlttee fo-
Teetigates to Prolect Blnebrok end will contione to urge the public to report
all UFO digbtloge to the dearcet Air Force bare at mur lecture, personal enn-
tacts, etc. I mlght add that I encournge reporting rach TFO's to NICAP coo-
currently with any report to the U.8. Air Force.
It lo beartening to see that the U.B. AIr Force regarde the OFO nighted by
Oicers Bertrend and Huot no an unmont.
I am sore tbte will belp a Ittle in
relucine the ridicule they experienced because of the L.9. Alr Force Initial
explanation of thel eightlnga
I feel certaln that 1f it were not for the fart
that their eightlog le belog carrled nationally In the pagem of Gatordar Review,
Look, ete.; and if ther bad not personally
complained publicly and to your
ofee, that thelr nigbtlog would bave teen lmped into the seme category an fbe
DFO Moscarello aud the otber sichted.
Hotreser, my ramhling no will not make
d bit of difference to present nielal polley and in a real seuse 1 am
four time in even replylog as I'm aute your offee in perg hosy hot I felt that I
would exprese my feelinge a the subject at band just for the noord
Thanks so much agalo.
I lonk forward to the time that Government polles
will become nore relnted on the UFO aubject and in the meantime will continue
my weaKer regearch And efforta in this deld for NICAP and lbe U.S. Air Force.
SincereLF,
RATMOND E. FOWLER
Chairman, NICAP Massochsretta Aubemmmittee.
Mr. Barea, In reference to the so-called sighting in New Hampshire,
Doctor, you are familiar with that cuse?
Dr. Hrm Tea, sir; 1 am famifar with the case
Mr. Batta You have examined it!
Dr. HTNKa. No, I have not been there to examine it.
infurmation is besed upon the rather ercellent account that Mr. John
Fuller has given of it in Look magazine. T eannot vouch for the
people in New Hampshire
Mr. Bates. Are you familiar with Mr. Raymond E. Howler!
Dr. HINDE. I have had some correspondence with him, hurt I have
never met him.
Мг. Bar, Is this Portamouth case one of the 5 percent that hava
not been identified, or within the 95 percent on which you have
reached a decision!
Dr. HINer. It is, I believe, to the beat of my knowledge, listed as
unidentified.
Mr. Dares. This one is still unidentified t
Dr. Hones. Yes, sir.
The CHARMAN. In other words, you make no hones about it, you
cannot explain it?
Dr. HYner. That is correct.
The CHAIrMaN, Yes.
Mr. BATEa. I pronder if you amile give us some idea of these 20
cages thet you have citer, and tell as a little sometring about the
nature of these cases, and what the problems are, generally!
Dr. Hrnar. Weli, I do not have the case files with me. I should
be happy to prepare them for suhmission.
But in broad description,
they vary quite a bit.
They are eilher daytime sightings or night-
time sightings.
I will describe one, which may not be_necessarily
typical.
But it is an example of a sighting that puzzled some very
solid citizens.
Thea individuals happened to bo-and I will with-
hold numes, of course-two students of anthropology at the University
of Wisconsin.
They were with two other people in a car, returning
home one evening from shopping, about 9 p.m. In the distance they
eat what they first took to be rotating blinker lights on a police car,
and they thought there had been an accident down the road some
They then decided that this cooldo't be the case because the
Rigato wone latin ato bith. Mais itustrates the sort of thing tie
refer to as escalation of explanation.
then someone writes in or calls in that they have seen a space ship
patrolling the earth, and this is not a fact, this in an interpretation
of a fact, usually, what they have actually seen was a light, I am
much inore interested in the sincere individuale who report some-
thing, who say "I thought at first it was this, then I decided it conldn't
be that, it had to be something cist.
he incident i have desered, these people said toluld not have been
blinker lights on a police car becanse thev were too high.
hypothesis ane that it was an airemft about to crash.
As the object
came closer all they could see were four huge red lights and an even
larger brighter single white light. As it came closer to the car—the
hittle 12 year-old girl in the back seat, became no frightened that she
just tumbled over and hid hor eyes.
I questioned these peopla for some 2 hours. They were very intelli-
gent people and were truly puzzled. They did not for a moment think
they were being visited by a vetriel from anter space.
They were
just puzzled. They simply wanted an esplanation of what they had
The object apparently estended upward at an angle of ubout do
degrees, so that part of it could be seen above the telephone wires and
part below. It hovered around the car for awhile.
The man drove
into a farmerg driveway, turned hig lights out and listened, but conld
hear no noise.
He backed out and as the object began to more away,
he gave chare hut could not eatch up with it.
This was a case of four intelligent people seeing this strange object
ind reporting it. Rut no one elae did.
Why not! Was thin some
ort of a strange phychic projection, or gomething these people wert
particularly prone tols Why did thistake place in an area which mar

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 872, "chars": 5062, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6044
not overly populatec but certainly not completely врат. Why wowd
they be the only four people to see this!
This is a problem me are
fared with on many reported sightings.
herefore, I find it maat
difficult to ascribe s physical tangibility that thero was an actual craft
hern
I vould rather seek some other scientific esplanation.
Mr. BAtra. With respect to your responso on that particular cose.
In the New Hampshire situation, two women apparently san this
object which they said mas the size of a house.
the polico station.
he got there. So there is someone who did see it in addition to the
pooplo who reported it originally.
Dr. HTNeE. Yes.
MT. RaȚa Ymi have to decision with respect to the New Hamp-
shire casel
Dr. HiNex. I would not offer or venture any conclusion to BoTe-
thing I had not personally investigater.
the Now Hampshireicase, or has it not, or is it a dead iseue?
г.
HITNEE.
NO
deadl irane.
Mr. Bares. Is it just in limbo now, or is somebody still looking
into it!
Dr. HYNss, I would gay at the moment, considering the recent re-
ported sightings in Michignn, that it is in limbr.
Mr. Barza. Do you aspest to inventigate this further? Would this
be one that you would profer to the panel i
Dr. HoNEx Yes, eir. Ithink this is one they should take a look at.
The CHArMAN. Do you think they should be eramined further?
Dr. HINEE. I amsorry, siri
The CHARMaN. Do you think this panet, about whom the Secre
Ary bee sporen, should go into this further and mare a терогт.
J. HTrER. Tes, sir; I do
The CHARMaN. There aro five such cases, or four, of some unex-
plained phenomenn; is this a facti
Dr. Honer. Tee sir: thereare at lenst that mant.
The CHarMaN, Mr. Secretary, do you plan to hare this board loot
into these?
Secretary Brown. We will continue eur investipations of all of
thess, Mr. Chaimman.
I fiave thie recommendation to establish a civitian panel from the
Scientine Advisory Bourd, and I balieve I may net favorably on
It, but 1 Fant to explore further the nature of such panel, and the
ground rules, bofure I go ahend with it. I don't mant to have a
group of people vome in for just 1 day und make a shallo» investi-
ration. They have to bo prepared to boor into a stuatio thorough
T if they areto dorny good
The CHaRMAN, If tou cannot explain theee things, ard you are
our source of beginnings, hor on curth could n subrommittes of this
committee exphin them?
Dr. HENLE. Are you looking to me for an anewer?
The Charsan. If I conducted a herring on this it woul gi on
and on, and on, if I let it, T would imagine.
6045
Dr. Hyner, Well, air, acientists hare a somewhat different way
of working. They gather data quietly without fanfare, without the
prees koking over lleir shoulder. They mar work for zeveral venrs.
The CHARMAn. What woult you suggest thil I do, Doctor, es
chairman of this committee?
Dr. HTrek. You are in atotrlly different category, sir.
Tho CIAMAN, Thank you.
Since this ching bepan in Michigum, te have two menders of the
Michigen delegation, and I am going to start off with Mr. Nedzi and
esk ham if he hasany questions.
Mr. NEDZI. Mr. Chairman, Jou are very kind. I don't lave any
questions directly pertainine to Michigan, although I bave recent-
Ir been advised my district is ahont 150 miles from the sightings.
The sightings are moving eastward toward my district. [Laüghter.]
One question, Doctor, as to these statistics. Are they etatistics
only from the Initer Statas, the investigations marle by you and the
Dr. INER. Yes, sir. The Air Forre ould have no jurisdiction
over cases in other countries. Bnt thère nte, I understand, reports
from other countries, also
MT. NezI. Is any effort made to coordinate information with
eome of the sightings tle ure rumle nbroud?
DT. HENEE. No, sir. Up to nos we have made no concerted effort
to do thia.
Mr. NEDa. Dovou think it might be a good iden to do it?
Dr. Hynrf. Well, I think we sbould attend to the situation hero
in the United States first.
Then, if our efforts are successful and if
the ather step vou suggest world be alvisahle.
Mr. NeDzL. Do you know whether ny studies are going on over-
stas, with respect to UFOS!
Dr. HYNER. I know of no formal studies, Actually, the rest of the
world seers lo be guided oy, and shorts a tremendous respect Ior, the
on. Ait Forre, and they feel, I underatand, that the Air Force has
done a fine jot.
Mr. Nepza. Perbaps the question should be directed to the Air Force,
but it seemed lo me there should be some kinn of exchange of iders
лодд the scientists who might be interested in it in ather countries
"here these sightings have taken place. It might contribute torrard
an exposé of the problem.
inkorten to aro are ka e ae dime per mane l or
hand than I think it already is.
Secretary Brown. That is what te have been trying to do, Mr.
Medai. I do not think we have any idens of a scientifie natore to
exchange with anyone else yet, nor do they have such information to
have & hard enough tüme getting details in this country.
A fem well-
authenticated but unexplained enses are worth much more than a

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 1195, "chars": 7375, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6046
number of unexplained cases where the darn is not sufficiently precisa
to be helpful in an analysis.
Mr. NEpsI. My final question, Doctor, would be whether and 1
think you touched upon this- whether there has leen ever any evidence
in any of these unexplained sighting that would indicate that there
is some kind of extraterrestial intelligence involved?
Dr. HYNeR. I believo I lave covered that. I have not seen any
evidence to contirm this, nor hare I know any competent scientist
who han, or who believes that any kind of extraterrestrial intelligence
is involved.
Howerer, the possibility should be kept open nen possible
iypothesis, 1con't think we should ever close our minde to it.
certainly there is no renl evidence of intelligent behnvior of hardwarer.
Tf we had received periodie visite by controlled space vehicles since
1947, or earlier, it is likely they would have had some lone of trodble
at on dime and dropped something off the coast of Spain or some
place, and me have not come across any positive pronf like that.
Mr. NaDz. Mr. Chairman, until the sightinga get a little closer tit
my district. I hate no further questions.
The CHAIRMan, I recognize Mr. Chamberlain, then I go to Governor
Stafford and Mr. Hébert, beause I want to get as close to the districts
I want to put in the record Mr. Ford's letter, and the response by
• Secretary Brown.
What else, Mr. Blandford, ought co go in the record?
Mr. BLANDFORD.
That is ail that ought to be in at this time
The CHaIRMAN. Without objection, we will put all of these in the
record. I want to shed as much light on these illuminated objects ao
(The material above referred to is as follows:)
CONORSe OF THE IINITEO ATATIE,
OFFICE DE THE MINUNITY LEGUER,
Поне «ж REPRESENTATIVEA.
Hashington, D.C. March 29, 1998.
Representative I- MENDEL RIVEr,
Chairman, Artied Serpices Comanittee,
VA. Home of Repruseniotines,
Wordington, D.C.
DEA CHAreMAN RIvers: No doubt goo have noted the rerent Aurry of newa-
paper storles about undentlded fylng objerts (UFO's).
I bave taken speclal
interest in these accounte because many of the latest reported gichtinee hare beet
in my bome State of Michigen.
The air Force sent a consultaut, Astrophysiclot Dr. J. Allen Hruet of North.
westero Untyerelts, to Mlehlgan do Investigate the varlous reporto; and be din-
migged all of them as the product of college etadent prOTkE Or STATOp A 0г aл
impresalon created by the ristbe crebcent moon aod the planet Venus.
agree that all of these reports can be or ahould be an enally explaioed Haur.
Becaure I think thert way be subalzuce to some of these reporto and because 1
bellere the American people are entitler to a mote thorough explanatlon than has-
been given them by the sit Force to date, I am proposing that elther the Sclence
god Astronautles Commlttee or the Armed Hervleep Committee of the House acbrd-
ale bearinge on tbe rubjert of TIFUs and invite teetimony from both the cIveu-
tire brauch of the Government and arbie of tbe pereone who claim to hare seen
I enclose material which I think will be helpful to rnu in gamsane the ad-
vlarhilltz of an investigaton of UTO'.
MAy I frat call to goor attentlon a colamo by Rnscoe Drummond, publiehen
lane Sundas in which Mr. Drummood sage, "Marbe nIl of chese reported elzhtings
are whimalcal, imaginary or unreal; but we need a more credihle mud detached
appraleel of the evldence than we are gettlng."
6047
Mr. Drummood goe co to state, "We need to get all the date drawn together
In obe plece aud examined far more objectlyeig than anyone hes done en far.
atable pubtle opinion will come from a trustwortby look at the evidence, not from
belittling It.
"The time has cipe for the Presldent or Congrese to name an ohlertire and
respected panel to lurestigate, approlo, and report on all present abd future evi-
dence about what is golog on,"
I agree fully with Mr. Dronmond's statemene,
I also guggest fun scan the
enclored serfes of sit attirlen by Dulkley Grifin of the Grifn-Tarrahae Nene
In the lest of his artielen, Dublished lent Jongars, Ar, Grifin
Haya, "A main concludlon can be briefly ented,
It ls that the Air Force la mia-
Jeeding the poblic by lta contouloy campoten to produce and malntzlo belief
that all alubtlogs en be explaiued nosy as malentidentlon of faintliar objects,
such es balloons, stars and airgruft."
I bave fust today needred я number of telegrams urglog o congresnional Inven-
ligation of UFO's.
One la from retired Air Force Col. Harold R. Rrowe. Ard-
more, Tenn, who sara, "I beve geen UFO.
Will be araliable to testiry *
Anther, from Mrs, Ethale M. Davis, Eugene, Oreg., reade, *9 out of 10 people
want truth el CHO'я
Iress your lorratigation to the fullest."
Ronald Coller of Los Angeles, who fdentifles birselt ay "a arlentist from MIT,"
nrate that goo
*do erergthine in Four poner to make Alr Force Froject Blue
Hook itbe Air Force name for its sinds and verdlete on MFD reporta) known to
Are ter to aspine that ceryone abusurs he hna seen CFOM is an
utreflable mritoess!
4 UPI story out of Aun Arbor, Miel, dated Murch 21, 1900, states that "at
least 40 persons, including 12 policeroen, said today that ther saw o etrange dying
olet guarded be 4 slater ahips land in a swamp near bere Sandus night"
Matt Burrell of Stutinn TIR, Detrolt, citee an eye witnean accouot of & recent
UFD eightlog by Sufle Grenier of Ann Arlor, a derraulieal enzineer emplored
by Ford Molor Co.
Ile polala out that ao aeronautienl engineer con hardly de
considered a untruntwartbr witneza.
In the dru bellet tbat the Amerlean pubile deserves a better explanatico than
that than far given hy the Air Force, I strongly recommend that thera be a com-
mitteo loreatigation uf the DFO pbenomena.
I think de omelt tor the people to establlab credibilty regarding TFOR and tre
produce the groutent posible enlightenment oo thie subject.
lodest personal regarde.
мідсемі,
HacIosuren.
GERALD K. FORD, Member of Congrets.
[From the Woebluęton Foet, Mur. 27, 1#5A]
DON'T SNEER aT UFO's
(Hy Roace Drummond)
Ion can't domho the possibilitt tbat pome of the noldeneded flyine objects,
rhich eo many people leve elghted IO 0 MADF proces Are real
course, TFO butts wbo peem to want to believe everything atr
diecount Ingleal expisnatione.
But Alr Forre odicials aargned to check up on
there elghtinge neom no bored and ekepteal that many people hore the impression
that ther think the pulle would panir It all the facts were bonught out into the
Let's pot leure the search for mnre knowledge to those who tund to accept
everything vocritrally or to these who tend to diemiee every UTO a7 ridienlous.
The time bas cou for the President or Congress to name an objective and
rapested Deuel to investigado, apprise sod report ob all present and fature
evidence about rhnt In zolng on.
In week, more than 100 gerone (anu of them traloed obeervers] repotted
gene "fring caucers" to seven States, from Malee to Toxos to Colarada,
Last year. proJect She Dork, the soal! Air Force unit created to keep talm
on these thingo, trelved ASA reports of CFO rightingn.
During Lon leet 3 resto, the Vational Investigations Committee on Aerlal Phe-
tomern, a private aron headed by u retro Naval Academy Marine Corps plot,
recelter 3,000 euch pOTte
Durog the pust 10 genre, the NICAP recelved nome 6,000 reporla and says that
1500 of (hen "seem pretty sobstnutinl and unraplained."

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 1119, "chars": 7042, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6048
The Alr Force totale 10,147 UFO reporte and atates that d1t of them remain
anerplained by prorable natoral phenomena.
Maybe all of thes reported aghtloge are whimaical, imagionry or unreal.
But we need a moro credible and detached appraissl of the evidence than me aro
Maybe there la no intelligent Ilfe on otber planote.
ManT #elentlate think other
planete could not auntain euch lift-
But we don't really inor.
One fact about tbe UFO's gives me Imdar.
There harp Teen no really volid
герогв or creatures belna acen setting of landed saucers.
To yenlure Enro et
planet to cootber torolves great lotellectual corlosity and I mould thint it almost
loposeble for someone from outer space, once here, to stifle that curlocity to the
extent of not trying to mante personal contart with Farth prople
Concerably, me have been woelng Only prellmloary unmanned orbitinge of tbe
Harth prereely controlled at great mintanton
Hut. we don't Knor,
We need to get all the data drawo together in one place and examined far more
objectirely than angone has done so tar.
A stable pubile opinion will come
from a trustworthy look et tbe eTIdence, not from belittlinz it.
[Ferdi the Washington Firening Blar, Mar. 25, 1908]
DITUTI SHEBIrT "BacTe' A UFO OVE MICHIDAN
ANN ARO MICh—A Michicko deputy cherin ero an voidentified dying
object rigbted over oathern Mirhigan last week mos trapper-on fim-nad str
anotber DEO war reported yesterday.
Depoty Sherift David Fitzpatrich of Washtenem (Ann Arbor] County foot
the pbotorrapha with a Hoy camera rongbly the else of a man'e two foreflagers
bel together,
Printe were delayed became the toy Dim bad to be deul to Fores HIlla, N.I.,
for derelopmeot.
Ive dew siebting of an obldebtided friag object near Holland, Htch., came
from both Mr and Mre.
Robert Nicbolo, who live across Michigan's
Lower Penizenla near Gangatuck.
Ther cald it few across a highwar ahead of
tbem, to more theo 100 to 200 feet bigh.
Nichola, 24, said the object appeared about balt the alse of an automobtle end
эяя "а round circle glewing red on the Ingide and white on the outatde,"
Nichots' description fite rongbly tbat given by several of more than a core who
have reported wigbtings in the Ane Arbor area In the leat 10 dare.
Fitspatrick, bowerer, eid the two oblecta he pbotographed gave off a bril
Want yellow-whlte light In gracetol evoops whleb he and Sberlito Set. N. E
Srhoelder obeerved from about 4 u.m. to Ta.m., March 1f,
The photogrophe chow two datinet wrenko of Waht In the aky high ahire
street lighte leadlog Into Mllec.
No detulle of the oblerts are vlsible In the
photographo bow up to 8by 10 inchee from the tiny film.
Dr. J.Allen Eynek, a Nurtbwealern Untzeralty aslriptfalciek, was eat here by
tbe Alr Fore be loventigate rerent reparty.
He baę acheduled a news mufereoce in Detrolt today to dachas ha probe.
Mrnowbile, reporte or untdeotlfed firing objecte moved south lato Chlo today,
A fArmer Tho litre best Upper aninst in nortawentern chio told sherine
deputice that an oblect shaped "like a top" or o «Chrlatmas tree opelde down'
hotered отег a wooded area on his property earts today.
Deputlen mere called to the farm tbree timen, but the termer said the oblect,
with lightn on its outer edges, dieappeared each Hme hefore they arrived.
[From the Datmit NATk, NoT. 97, 103A]
PERTO ADDE NEW WRINKLE TO SAUCETE
(Er Dougla Bradtord)
While AIr Force ofclals prowied thronch the countradde for some alen of the
strange night riotore that
have hern dipping thrugh soutbeestern Michigan
#klet, & Mobroe dres bog csme up with what he cald vas a pleture of one.
6049
Faul Richwine, 10, who lives io Moodlaod Beach, 3 cutler port ef Monroe,
produced a piece of Alo with a blob on Il that be seye his camera
be printed it at a"dylug eucer" oer his bome Fruday night.
Detroit News photographere say Lue binb could be due to a wrinkle in the Min,
But Paul and his mother, Mre Marlanne Richrine, inniet that theg saw the
strange glowing objerts carortlug in the sky and that the dark area on tbe
pleture representa one of them,
The object in the pleture doesot geem to base much matterial gobetance,
Neither laul nor ble mother duo domunt for the fact tbot lhe thing they 807
eras brlubt and obing with bashing colored lights while the camera recorded e
Patl eid bie Argne F-100 wa on time expunre at f. 2.3 and mas loaded with
tart ilm when he took the picture at abont 11:30 pa, Friday.
The News photographers cobreded that the darkness lu the pleture "might" be
the infication of something maving quite evittly on a time exposure, or the blob
could be a water spot on the negative ur a wrinkle in tbe film.
Mra, Flebwine sold the object's appenrance was preceded by four glowing
shaper about 10:30 p.m, Fridar.
She ear them from bre front window, she said,.
[From tbe Grand Rapide (Micb.) Pizen, Mer. 32, 1968]
STATE FLIINA OBJECT ROSTE BerNo PLuM FOR FIDERAt. SIFT
AYS ARBOR —A Mieltyan Congressman planned Tuesday to ant the Irfense
Department to lovestigate reporta of undentified Dring oblocte alchted near Ann
UN. Reprenentative Weston Vizlen, Democrat, of Michigna, left for Washing-
OD, DAL, Monday after conterring with Sherld Douglaa J. Harves, of Waebte
Fatter sat Vivlun aleo planned to talk with the U.B. Air Force.
Three Amen witbin & work, resilents of the neaty commuulty of Dater have
reported aightinz objecte Bylne io the nigbt asy,
"I ddo't bellere those reports" sald Harver.
"Bot with so many trained
police personnel and rellable elisens harios seen them, I mtat bellere some-
thing le la the Waehtenan Conaty ndlen."
Abd Toesday, the Hilladale Connty evil defense director nod 87 college coeda
suld they watched an nerie, bovering flying object settle in e swampy bolinm near
E echool dormitory Monday night.
Willlan VauHord, 41, tle county civil defenee directur for 10 geara, sald Lp
retched the cntdentifled abdect through binoculare for 1 houra
The dif Force munonbced It moe calling in Dr. H. Allen Hroek, chalroan of
the Dearborn Obserratory at Northweetern University, Frenaton, MI,, and scien-
ťfc conaultant to the Air Force's UFO studs program, to investigate the rash
Hypek w1l1 work froto Beltridge Air Fnice Base near Mount Clementa, the Alr
in Fillodale, VanHorn sald he Joined the 8r Hilladale College coede and theti
misemotber to watch the objert, He raid it emttted wayering orange, red * * •
[From the New Fort Thrato, Mar. 22, 1007]
FOLTY IN MIORIGAT BAT A MTATERIDTO CRAFT HOVERED IM EFANT
ArN ARBOR MICH., Mart 21.—At least 40 persona, Inctudioe 12 polleemen,
Mid today that they an a etrange dying object guarded by four slater shipe
Iracriptions of the totdentifled dylng objecte tallted dogelo, A pAtrolmen,
Robert Hunawill, seld be and otber revidente of the ares eam similar craft before
In Weahington, the Alr Force sald 1t knew notbiog of the reporte. The Alr
Force's Michican beadquarters in Battle Creet would not comment.
Two perans who slogged throach the Anacre gwamp todas and looked for
faces of the craft found nothing but marsh grace, gulekeand. and murk.

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 1160, "chars": 7339, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6050
However, the too persone who reporledia were clusent to tbe object, Frank
Manuur, 17 yenre ald, and ble am, Ronald, 19, said it did not appear to touch the
ground hut ent on a base of fog.
State police ramladoner, sho la gian beod ur cloll de-
tene fnr Michigan, opeued an investipallon.
"I teed to decount these reprte too.
but now I'm and so sure." be mid.
111, Mntcor and bla son said ther had ton to within 100 runla of the objeet.
Mr. Mannor end the croll as shaped like a footholl and was utout the lebetb
afe cat with a graylen frllow bor and a gltted Mutice like coral rock.
"It bad a bine ligbt on one end and a white Jeht on the other." be said,
"Ther were palatine
and each of them lonked like they had a little balo
around it be sala.
Otber witnesseg zam bolt the lighta, hut their descriptions, Including those of
polemen, neteed closel.
Stanler McFadden,
Wasbtenew Conoty gheritre depots, gald he and Deputs
narld Filepatrick fatched Che object fe over their car ahout the name time the
Mandors reported I had taken off,
Ofcer Hunawill cold four ober unldentided flyloe objerts had hovered lo a
quarter circle oter the objert In tbe swamp.
(Erom the Machlogtoo Fuet, Mar. 23. 1046]
FReT L'FOe oF ArAgoN ARE RIgHTeu
Epring'e frat flyine
have aprouted richt alongside
Scores of people In Mirhigan hate reported Ftrange Oring objecto elore the
weekend, nod a Cormer Aguer pint norg be ruw several over bis Bethnoda bone
Baturday night.
The Alt Force, wbleb bee ingestionted more than 10,000 such reporte noce
1947, eeut Northreatero
Tuiteraltt's IT.
adylser on voldentifed dylue oblerts (UFO'e), In look Into the Michigan
The latert war Monday night at Hilladale Onilege, where a cunty clvil defeng
director, a former rigurter and asstatont dean, and RT crede car ther watched
a glowing ubject zippinę around campus for 4 honte.
This report colocided with one near Ano Arbor, mbere abont to persona
tarladide 12 policemen-cald they suv an eerie objret erlee over a mamp
Hundey night wulle four alyter ahipe hovered overhead.
In Retbesda, retired Alr Force Col. Homerd I. Wright, of 6119 Newport
Aenue, suld he god fye nther persone naT RePeTal objecte outside bię holbe and
tber mere "dellnitely not In my ImaginatioD, nor were they natellites or ulrplanen."
[trom the He# Iort Times Mer. D9, 1AAA]
ÉIGITY-BETEN MICHIGAN COED AND OYFICIAL SuHT MISTERIDOR DEJECT
AntanaLy Mich, March E (CPI)—A elll derense director,
deno and ST coeds Jeported a glowing ahjeet fy pael a onlere dormitors and
Their description of the oldeed seen here laat olght tallied rials lth that
of out weeD by mere tano 60 percons, Inelmling 12 policemen, neur AND Arbor,
Mich, the previoue nigbt.
The Alr Force dispatebed Its top ecientife advier on uldentitled flylux
djects to begin an investigation.
The witness eald tbey watcbed Croto the second floor of a Hilladale College
dermitors a the ohject mobbled, wavered, glowed, and one few right at a
dorwitory window befure stoppine sunholy,
Mre. Kelly Hearn, for T gears a newspaper reporter before becoming sedirtant
dean of women,
eaststiot proteor of English and bougemother of the dormi-
tory, bad the coedle take notes ag theg watried the object fat 4 bnura.
Ther nod Williero Yao Horn, 41, Hilledale Connty cirl defense direçtor, baht
the object dimmed ite lights when police core approached, brightened agaio when
thes went ownt, and dodged an airport beacon light.
Rarbara Kohn,
nf Her Guslle,
and Crnthia Poffenberrer, 17,
Clereland were the frat to are the objert.
PAThET dearribed lo chape as rously
6051
that of a football. Thin was rougbir the name description gizen b5 a man aod
we cod who reported thet ther zuw no corie objer laud in a swamp Suoday
night 15 miles northeust of bere near Ann Arhor.
The Alr Force announead it was bringing in Dr. H. Allen Hynek, ebairman ef
Dearborn Observatory at Northwestrru Luivereity, Eranaton, I. and sclentine
crurultant to the
Alr Force's Project Bine Book prugram to track down the
геротя of mulenciled friug objere.
firnrk set no Hr headyuaner at Belfride di Purre
Пане, Monnt
Clement, Mich, beer tbe suthern
Itchigan rectlon where the vents bave
been repotted several tmes Intelf.
deflnttely some kiml of seblele," Mr. Yau Horo snid. "Throngb tbe
laggee [binoculary] Il was elther roomel or long.
The obtert's shane me# briefly butlined by lightolug an it repted uver and
neAT thA dormltory befure cetreating into the swamp, Miss Kohn enld. It stayed
there for 1 hanta before ranishing, witnesses said.
[From the Wanhlogton Port, Mar. 39, 19Af]
TRUTH ANUT FLYLvo CAJECTe HIDDEN AI AIR FORCE, FAITHFIT, SAI
(By Howard Simnns, Washlngton Fred Start Wrltery
Finn bellevers that unidentified tring objects are for real and from a Car-old
super civilization wet the pren Festerday amll a lorrent of reporte about new
objncta belng sigbted eerywhere in the Mulled States.
repeatedly charged the Alr Force with deliberately hiding the
truth, alich I it were knowo "would bring forth one of tbe greatest storlen of
The bellerers nion "fully hacked" Represenlative Geral Fnri, Republenn,
eliz wants a constessineal Investignton of nuidentlied objecte
whieh hare Intriy plegued bis home Strta.
But most of all, the believers funt to he bellered and loved.
"We want tbe Air Fone merely to end its pectect on etchtine and stop tidi-
callas competent witnesses," cold retired Marine Corne Mas. Donald M. Keyhoe, a
#FO skeptle untll bls couversion.
Kerhoe now is director of the Natlonal Invertigationn Committee un Aerlal
Phenomena, a0 orcanization whour major aimaare to evaluate all UFO sightloga;
get the Air Force to own up to the trutb and to expre UFO charlatans who keep
"little green men.
Ferhoe and his callensues, turndfne alentists, engloeera, milltary porsonnel,
lod plote, scorn the thought of "Hitle green maen."
Had a vinitor from afar ever net not on the carth? tbe serione atudenta
une слур angersting eo, daid committee staft member and
forter Newsman Dobald Berliner.
Il happened in April 190+ near Amorro
N. Mex., where police officere saw two emull suited occupanta get out of a tFQ.
"Ther mere small aud gulled," notod u reporter.
"For cunli qou be dure
ther mere not green?"
«We bare no renon tu hellere ther were preen," wryly gulpped Betliner,
The committee's cuen for bellerine that T'FOe are for tenl won put to tbe preez
It amounted tuan argument that thousands of competent pOMOnE
locluding radar concrollere, qualine plots, nol mianile trackert—bad elrhter
objecte: roughly 100,00 pergons in nIt
The Air Force. #hich bas breu investigating UFO reporte ainee 1018, nan
stendlestly mainlalned there ię bo eridence dog flying abject han come from
comer bere else 1o the universe.
Keyle's view, mbared Is the committee's luerd of gorernore, in radleals dit-
The cunnillee concludes, Keshoe pald Yeaterday, thut "thene things are
nel and must he extraterrestral bermune tbey are do superior to anything *e
Arronling to Kerbre. Is hase heen abserving the curth for 2000 gearo. Ile
Resh, edentially, for why an contact ban been inade with whuever
It le that pilode the C'FO's.
One теяной in that the Alr Horre bar onlere to ecaratbe TED'S awaJ.
Aaron remar is that motil humany detomatrated the atomle bomb and spect
light the UFO perple cantal vorth no too priotive & ridlety to bother with
other thon for surveillaner purinee,

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 1282, "chars": 8050, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8052
[From the Porland (Maloel Drening Hipree, Inn. 17, 1066]
THon "FITING SAUCERo"—AIE FORCE EXPLATNIYARAWAY De UFO'& ICEPINS
MYBTERI
(Editor's note: Thin le the frat of a serles abont TED'a fundentife Bring
objects by Balkley 8. Arlin, elecutite edlor of the Frening Express Mash-
Ington Burean.
He wrote the sturles aller vialtine the UFO offce of tbe U.B.
Жлкптасти, D,C—The Alr Force bandlius vf tbe anidentitled friog objecta
(DPO'e) continoes to be gomething of a mystery.
Ite perrintent endeators to
eiplain all the L'FO eightings s tuladentlocatlon of ordiuary oblecta, such as
stare and belloons, has
become BO conapicuoue de to rulet yucslicolugo In tbe
minda of e growing number of citizene.
Some of theae explanatinna seer to run
counter to both logic and commonarrat.
Runnlog along gith Chew explainlnge
away in an epparent Alr Force lack of enthurinam— especially at high levela—to
do o thorough Job of loreullgatiog sirhtinge
Headquarters of the Air Force loreatigaton arl roneludlone on unidentlied
Arlog objecto-they call the enterprise Profect Blue Book-iy ad Wricht-Patter,
AdE Air Force Base near Dayton, Oblo, Lo charge of Froject Alue Book le Mal.
Hector Quintana,
Recently thin writer has made tro more visits to Wright-Patterson to study
the fles of Profect Blue Hook and to talk with Major Qulntanilia, the nechitart
of the military'e final publie verdlets en the UHO's
A multitude of UFO sebtinge in the lant dozen monthe han kept tbe Alr Force
buay trylng to erplalo-away and bas tendered the public more
curione than ever about these strange, nabally Lehted, objecta in tbe ney,
AIT Force aDd the burdened Project Blue Book have otten resorted to the expe
dient et lamplog • cumber uf alebtluge together—not naming aur particolar
obo-nud forniching a generallzed catchall explanation.
Thia lo what It dd respecting an extraordinart bumher of sightloge In the
Southvert aroond the beglunng of Inet 4usuat-
The very number of the UFO»
and of the sighter of them abock aome poble condence thereabouts lo both the
Air Force's knowledge of the gobject and In tbe good faith of ite explaitings
Extracts from dlepatcben gent out at that time by the tro potlonal wire gery-
loes #ill refresh memorles and provide a god ides of the magoltude of the UTO
pettarmiance.
Co Tuesdas, Aozuet 3, the New York Times and other петеререгв
carrled an decleted Press diapatch frm Oklabone City, dated Augued 2.
#Authoritlen In Texas, New Merleo, Orlebowa, aod Fanges were deluged last
night a0d early today (Angust 2) by reports of ooldentifed ublecte scen flying
"be Bedgwick Countr sherif's offee at Wichita,
Kang, nald the Weatber
Buret bad tracked several ot them at altitodes of 0,000 to 9,000 feet-
*'The Oklabone Highway Patrol old tbat Tinker Air Force Ran here (Okin-
home Citri had tracked four of the unidentifled flying objects on ite radar screen
at one time, cetimatlog tbelr altitode at about Z2,000 feet.
* Tinker spokenten
refused to conflro or deng the reporta of radat obrerrattooe."
"Reporte poured in" trom 21 citlco and towna, contioued the Associated Fresn
The 21 are named: I are lated in Texas, 8 io New Mexiro, F in ORla-
home, and 0 in Kanean.
The Unlted Press International, In a dlapatch lo the epening of Anquet 2, named
"Reporte of eightlops by eye poured in from Katan*, Terne, Olia-
homa, Hem Merico, Colorado,
Bouth Dakota, Nebranko, sod Wyoming.
homane probably saw the moet."
In adaptteh from Oklahome City dated August 4, the United Prem Interna:
tonal declared that "thousande of persone acrose the Mation's midlando aed
Houthwest agalo last night riported Beelng mystetime feablar.
sparkling phenomena that aped and zometimen alpsorged across the skles.
"'The Älf Force contends moet of the bigbtlogs were probably stars or planet
It man the fourth consecutive night or CEO alchtings
lot of people tot
tene with the Alr Force'a einim that they were atara or planeta.'
It can be wentloned lo paming that radar doce not pict up starz or planeto.
In one United Preng International diaputch it is atated that "Oklahomane prob
ably bas tbe most" of these alebtints. The Oklahoma sightlors therafore profide
6053
an Illuminating example ef bow the Air Force deala with the publie lo such a
By food fortune, one dece not hate to rely mainly on newepaper reporte, some
Imee meaget, or upon the Air Force statementa.
The Department of Public
Bafety n the State of Oklahoma has eent to the nice of Congressman Jobn Jar-
naw, Demorzat, of the Oklahown Cler rongressional dlatriet, and to the Nalionni
Invertigatione Committee on derial Phepomena (NICAP In Warntortin a gum-
bery of the teletype reports prot iuto the Oklahoma Highwar Patrol Communi-
catlana Netmork Center,
July 31-August 5, from the varlone higbway palrol
headquartera over the Blate.
Thin valuable document, which was unt obeerver In tbe fles of Prolect Flue
Bouk, will be urlilzed In one or more following artleles dealing with the curionn
beburlor of the Alr Force tooching the tFO's and the public.
(From tbe Portland (baine) Ereolog Espream, Jen. 18, 1065]
TEDEL FLYING BADCEAR HIDEWAY PATTOL REFDRT FIRe CONTROYEReT OVER
{Editor's note: This le the second of A serles abont UFO's (unidentifed dylbe
objectal by Bulkley S. Grifin, executive editor of the Erening Expreze Waabing-
ton Bureau. Ha wrote the scories after viting the UFD offlee of the D.S. Alr
{By Buitley Gritn)
WinnIreToM, D.0.—Beseatch into the matter of the noldentifled yog ob-
jecta (UFDa), tbe TA. Air Force and the public, receies nubotentlel belp from
a report furnished be the Oblabota Department of Puble Safety. Thin sun-
marizes the messages dealing with UFO sightioge that passed over the Okla-
bome Highway Patrol network in the period Inly 31-4ugmnt G.
A BUTYeF Of this Information reveals the large number of eightingę and the
much larger number of witueenes of those elghtingn, and lists nome radar slght-
tugs br the Alr Force
It compures with a generalized attention to thone night-
tage hy the Alr Force and Project Blue Book, the latter the bame for the Alt
Force Inventigation of UFO's.
At 8:30 p.m, Aoguat 2, Profect Blue Book logued a statement easomiog to ex-
plain the avalanche ot UFO elchting, that bad hit the Southwest-but probably
had bit Oklabome the beavient—aturtloz July 3l.
Therefore, tuis article wilt seek to hit tbe ligh polnts of the elghtlogs reported
on the Oklahoma Highway Patrol petwork begone with Juls 31, up to the
lennance of the Project Alne Book explunetian,
The frat repot on the leletrpe came the early morning of Jols 31. A Wyune
wood, Orla, Iolice oficer, Loule 9ikeg, reported a UFO.
The radar at Tinker
Air Force Bage located the nbject.
A Ittle later, continued the highway patrol
tport "Casmell Air Fone Base (Fort Worth, Ter.J ained thelr radar al the
ate location aod came up witb de dame fi as Tinker" Both Tinker and
Cannelt followed the obleet, whlch once dappeared and then reappeared, for
Later tbat dat an Anufaced Fresa disputch from Clabota Citr
fated datly that Tinker and Caswell both bad the UFO on radar.
The nest oight 9aw te UFO report crowding the highwas patrol teletype.
Bone quotatone of teenages wIll be ziten.
jat 8:l0 p.m. the bighwag patrol tower sent out thie menage: "Bince B0ш.
be tower bon rerelved do the weighborhood of 20to 30 flaual aightlogi, many br
rollee odicers dod highwar patrol troopera of various unfdentlied fring obfecto
from the Porcell area worto throneb the Norman nrea to Chandler and bac
through Meeker and Sharpet.
"Three Shawnee offrers and their captalo have four of the objecte in sight
at thie time, also another ben cropped up from the sonth of Tecumaeb aad in
apparently goiur to d7 directly ofer Shawner
"The aightiogs vary from one to four of the objects at marlous times starting
laa reddish color and varyine to a white and blue Inater,
-Blasnee reporte the oblecto scem to be
firing four to a formalloo lo a
damond-tipe Inrinecion.
Cashing has reported four of the objects
Oklahoma
Al brag Patrol Dulte 30 and 40 baze also made viewal nightlog: Reporla have

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 1350, "chars": 8285, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6064
come from (tbree) Individaale" Name ed two clylliane are firen: third wen e
poliee offcer from Tulea, not named
"Iloker дІг Force Bace bas bad from one to four of them on radar at a time,
and they advice tber яге frlog vert high, at approximately 22,00 feet, whirh
comelde with the vinnul sichtings, all of which are TerT BIgO GrIng
objecta.'"
Utber reporte came In the tight of dogust 1. The sherl'e offce at Chandler
reported tro UFO'я
Tra lodlyldouls--names given-ryottel a LFO betmen
«Tinker AFE looking at It—or attemptig to do go at
this time with radar—Wiebito Halla, 'let.,
alao botlded to lonk."
Another TTFYI
was been near Forgan, and sighter's name and addrens given.
"Althongh tbere were cumerous oller reporls from other sources which did
not reach the patrol, those abore were all of the reports whch moved on the high-
way patrol fire on August 1," it is stated in the summary from the depart-
On Angent Z the teletyne carrled ite Aret OFO report
of that day at 2 poL Ierardloz a sighting at 12:50 pm meer Cueblng. Other
repurte folluwed through tbe afternoon and night,
All this trom Juet one State's highwar patrol teletype.
At 3:30 р.m. 00
Augost 2, Mal. Hector Quotanilla, In charge of Project Blue
Book, leaned the followiog statement:
"Inltial stody of the reporto thus far ranived by the Alr Force indicaten that
the obeervations mere astrnpomical In auture.
The ojects most likrly nbeerred
were the planet Jopiter and the stare Blgal, Capella,
which are cleariy Fielble lo the costern nky.
'The Lime of reported sightings, the
nstmuth aud cleracon of the reparted eightings supports tbis conelegion,
addition, oo August 1 aod 2 the temperature Astribution and varyle wo
speeds obnetved oter tbe Great Platoe,
Irom nortberu
mere favorable for the phenomenon,
dome of the
терота жете the AqUANd meteor showera which oreur
between volt 20 to
The meteore approach from the bootheast and streak swiftly Mercen
the eky tralling parks.
There bae been no confirmation that anT of the aigbt-
Info reported mere tracked on radar.
Ible ouclal statemeot presento two characterfatle tinteal of Air Force trent-
Fret, no aperifle alghting 1a mentored, and just abont
every concetzable rean for aceking to erplato amar the multitode of sightingy
over elcht State le inelnded.
Gecood, no radar elebtino la admitted, Thin 1a derplte the hiabwar petrol's
report of Tliker and Carawell Alr Force Base having a Ar o0 a July 31 abject,
and Tinker havlug & fir on up to four objerts the nicht of Angust 1-2; and de
edite națlonal wire services reports nf there radar alebtloze and of a Wichita
weather statlou rantar eighting of several UFO's.
Fader does not plek to atars and planeta, an has been stated. Further,
carroboration
by a radar sahting-n#
boma Higheny Patrol Indented on one occaslon the night of Auguet 1-
the argument that some UFO's are reat and unknots.
Rnt that Anguet 2 atatement from Prolect Blue Book war Immediately attachod
from a diferent angle hy Dirertor Rotert Rlaser of the Oklanoma
Art Foundaton Mabetarium In Oklaboma Cltz.
" That (Project Blne Book statetnent) la no fur from the truth as rou ceo
get," Elster raid.
"Sotebods has made a mistake.
Theu stars ADd planets are
one the opporte alde of the eartl from Oklahoma Olty at this time of year,""
Major Quinlaolla, recebtly asked about the rimment of Dirertor Ruser.
poloted out the UFO reporta were enming mn from several States, and gald hia
Anguet 2 anbouncement referred to Troralug where the stars in question were
He added the atatement applied to Oklaboma betwern 1 and 4 to the
(Frot the Portland (Malne) Ereting Erpron, Jan. 19. 10461
THOSE "FLYINO BAUCERA"-NEW HAMPSETE BIATOrO ONE OF MoSt FRIORTErITO
(Editor's Note: Thle is the third of a nerles about UFO's (unidentined friog
objecla) by Balkley 9. Ariflo, executive editor of the Evening Express. Washing-
Ддмятметом, D.C.—One of the wore impreneve eightinge of an unldentifed
fring object (UFO) occurred near Elteter,
N.H., last September.
Ay narrated,
It wae ad extended closeup obaervation of a ligtiled oblect that was polaeless and
6055
clone to the ground Beseral persons apparntig obeerred it, three of then, it-
cluding two policemeo, at ooe time.
Thr cincluson of l'roject Blue Book-tbe name of the Alt Force UFO proba
flet unpuncte tbe tnal verdietson sightiugs—tbad the Ner Hampsola wattbern
aw luv-mylng airplanes, 19 0de Ditce with many otber Alr Forre attempted
Hampshire alchting ioof signlocance on anotber ground. Tt Inenren
the trported elect or a LFO indieturing and exciting animala.
The neguence of evento bear Exeler hegan at 1 o'clock la the morolng of last
gercemet 9 when Earler Pullue Ofcer Eugene F. Rertrand, Jr., 80, cruisine 10
his polee car, came upon ло auto drawn up by thesile of the road and in It an
bratericut woman, who according to the offret's report to the inventigutire offcer
Trama Pease Alr Force Bare, N.H.
"atated she was too opaet to
matern lirht had laen following hat and bad etopped over ber cnr."
stayed with her about 15 minutes, songht to reassure her, eat nothing,
departed for the pollce atatlon.
There be found Norman J. Muscarcio, IS, of Exeter who bad come to the ata-
ton to tell of his experlence shile a few miles ott of Exeter.
He gRid bome-
thing big with dazzling, dashing red lights hed appeared moving Jost abore the
It brad moved ruther slowle tomard blm.
Ie hol jumped into the
dlteh for safety.
Then the thing bad disappeared.
Officer Bertrand look Mugrurello sylth bim In his patrol car and they returned
to the teld where Muscorello had bad his alarming expertence.
They both got.
out of the car and walked into the Held, Dertrand having a flashlight.
polat Odeer Bertnund's report to an ecamining offero at lease AFD can be
"Then we lu gone about 50 feet a group of fre bright red lights came from
behtad a gruup of trees bear 11e.
They were extremels bright and dashed one
at a time
*at dhe time We came do close I tell to tur ground and started to draw my
The lights mere 9o brichl I was unable to make out any form.
"There wan ho sound or fibratlon but the farm animale were upset in the
aren and making n lot of molae.
When the lights atarted corng near os again
Musetrello and 1 rao for tbe car.
"I radloed Patrolman David funt who arrled in a few minutes.
observed tbe lighie which were still over the deli at an estimated altitude of 100
lert nd foalls digawpeored in the distauce at lue same altitude.
were almare in lne et almot 60° angle. When the oblect mored tbe lower lighte
#are alwaye forward of the otherg."*
In this ense the Alr Force, wbich generally appeare to hang back from touch
Investigating of CFO tepirl, did do unme Inveatigating.
elghtets and beløbbors.
The Pease AFE officer, «bo heared thle local military probe and wbo, ls the
PaY wan a command pile, made this Anding:
"At tble tite have been unable to arrive al a probable cause of thie alchting.
The three obserfers deem to beatable, reliable persone, expecially the tro patrol-
den. I vlewel thenron of tbe sighling and found Motbing in the aren that cond
be the probable cium,
Pease AFB hadfire B-47 afrerart dylug in the area durine
tble period hot do not belicie they bad aur concection with this sighting
Howerer, Project Blue Book lists Iow-fring alrplancy o probahlF respondible
for thie Ereter vizhting.
Nil, Hector Quincanilla, in charge of Blue Book, staten
that the Sth Air Fire SAC (Strategie Alr Command) groop at Westorer Atr
Fore Bare, Maal, was conductine a lov level operatoo, colled Big Blnst, at
He said he belleves toe Exeter "people were looking at low-level
The etert of a LFO on animnle bad been reported In a New Tort Atate case
about 2 weeks:
AD lovestizatioo offleer from the
Nisgara Falle Air Forte Bust, commenting on the rightlor of e low-down OFO
near Cherry Creek, N.I., on August 10, said:
"Preliminary analysis preuls object not explatable in compentional ternu
Object canned reduction in Caro cows' nullt from 244 cene to 1 car.
ball in field
Caused dog to lurk."
Thia sighting, by the raf, L one of tbe
TEr} fer that Project Blut Book hus marked Unientined"
The Exeter UFO produced a fairly
tamlint charge; nanelf that tha Air
Jorte sought to nuppress newn of the aghting.
came Irom Ruymond Foyler, of Wenham,
Mass, bend of a local area NICAP

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 1326, "chars": 8125, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6056
group, who went to the ecene to inverligate for NICAP. The latter stande for
National Ioresticationa Commitlee on
Aerial Phenomepe, the boodcial but te
spoonible Washington organizatlon.
The Fowler chargee eze In Ine filee of Ale
Bock and of NICAP.
Fowler talked with witneses god othern and said he was told that Pense
AFE incers bad asked the pollce and a local newspaper correspondent not
to mention the rightinge.
The request was pot to the poller on the ground
people would be alarted If told the facts, It 1a stated.
Major Quintanilla, Informed of this charge, eald that "I wonld not allow any
suppresalon of пежа,"
a good dent higber than Major Quintaulla would pot exert thembeltes to prevent
dema nupprestion of UFD sighllnee.
The Hagerhlll (Marl Gazette wrote an edltorlal on thto UFO in the neigh-
borbond, in which It add: "So many bare reported welug it (the Exeter UFO!
dad their descripticon Jibe во closely that, unless theg have banded together
lu one large bona, thelr eturles muet be glten credence."
[Frow the Portlod (Malne) Frening Express, Jon. 20, 1964]
THOSE "FLYING SACERA"-LIE FORCE BRUBRIS Orr FronT oF BIGHTINGS IN
SOUTHNIeT
(Editor's note: Thie te the fourth of a gerles ubout DEW's (alideotifled flylnę
oblecte) by Holkley 8. Gritu, erecutive editor of the Frening Exproes,
togton bran]
WarHIneton, DO-A foul 2 week after the flood of unidentitled dying object
(UrO) debtlo lest Angust over Oklaboma nud otber Boutheatern Stater,
Tinker Air Force Base, Okinhona City, prodoced Ite formal surey and Judg-
melt
It seot thim neveral page explunation of rightlugs in lts mide area to
Project Bite Book, the Alr Force ofice lo charge of the UFO Inreatigatlone and
çoncinalone
Thie report lo a good example of Air Fore anti-UFO propogend».
for mention of one specific alghting-which was decreed to ben weather baloon—
the report Le generalized, pulling mit all the stope on the pomihllitles ne citlzo
maling mltakes nod fncludine a statemeot Iron the olicial of a planetarium lo
Oklahoma Olty whree test was that 'the average person le uneducated as to wbat
the eky normally loute 1lke."
Interylewe with military experts are glreo fbich mention unnatally bright
stan, at this time of year, a baze that reflerts thior» from the fround, the fre
quenct of wreather balloony and so on.
An impresalve but superflelal cure to made for meatber balocto am fooling
people loto thinking thes are selng a DFO. The number relensed dally in the
Oklahomn are la coiderahle
But the fact in that the citizen thereabouta have lved with there balloons day
after das and year after sear and by ov* must be fairly well acqualoted with
what they look like and bow they act.
Ther are also pretty tell acquainbed
with жав, whdeb at the moment may be goyplanting belloms 9u the farmitt
explanation put forth by Project Blne Book.
The Tiaker AFR mport did not need to avold mention of partleular aøhtinga
The Oklahomn Highway Patrol teletype reported d'oumber of edghtinga mell worth
Intertigaton aud these teletype UFO rports ver relayed to All major beng
pepers, wire eerylces and TV and radin atatlona acroen the State of Oklahoma;
aleo to the weather wire teletype srater.
They were available to mucere Alr
Forte investigatort,
The falhure to Intervlow witoesses conld to termed nepative Alr Forre prop
dranda.
The highwar patrol mesangue amal close to a dosen civilian wit-
nesses unpally with addrizes, and tbe number of blahway batri offleers that had
elebtlnge muet hare tolled two dozen and more.
Iet the formal Auquet 30 M
port fran Tinker ehows Interviews with bot two crlinus and tro polict ofrar
Mal. Bector Quotanille,
lu comment of Prolect Blue Anot, eage the Alr
Force secke Interylery with persons who call up and whose namen they lair
"We are not interested in periona who go to the new a от to rach am F,
stationu." be satd.
The wladom of the excludiot le nf course wide open to ques
tlon-assuming that the Alr Force l, seeking Information.
6057
But Tinker AFT Itself muel bave recelved dozens of calle during the heavy
elghling perlod
of July d1
tbrough Angust 5.
This much is indested by a
bentence sent out over the bighway patrol network the night of Angnot 2.
sectrity niher at Tloker Fleld reports he bas been enemped with calle the past
hour from people reporting UFO'a"
This report intern to Juat 1 hoar of the
ereral-dar algbting perlor.
Chancee are, It to unId, that tbe AIr Force haodling dI the UFO problem mus
be allamed to drag along by an apatbetic poblic.
Tel Que DAf speculate on
what an bonest and energetic lurestigation might du.
For one thing, It wonld
Investigate anne of tbe eightings reported be the Oklahoma tighwar patrol.
For inataoce, take lals mport that mored with many othere, ever the teletype
AUgUSt 4.
*Twenty-bre people at a church In Cushlog, Otls., all watched
seer] UFO'e Sometimes ther would stay elationar, tben mould more at u
high rate of speed.
Were moring gooth for a while, then stopped and atood
atll for some time, then were Jolned by two and moved to the meat at bigu
speede, then turned nnd traveled enst for a wolle, then stopped completely and
etood atll then weot east and enddeoly dieappeared from right.
The frst chet
mere drange ligbto, the ones tbat joined them had red aod greeo lights like
airplanes
PD (rilice department) Cuahing also observed the same thlora"
Or the "appror mately 30 calle" to the Bbarzee Pollie Dupertment герогік
tor 5 ligbted objecta traveling northwent wbich "mate no cooventlonal polae
foch er do alreraft does but rather muke a hamming nolee"
Or what did the
dre eltizens of Norman, Orie., nee looking at a white glote 30-40 feet in diameter
through a
"tripod mounted 100 power teleycope."
The evidence Is conviacing that the Air Forze -tor ronsony It dueen't an
nounce-l not really trolog to discover what the UFO's are.
Or, It tbe Alr
Force airendy tvowe, It 1a palmstakingly beeplag lta Information from the poblic.
Chier blame for this lack of actluu muat rest on the Govertment.
But enotber enlprit, the scentlfie community, duet bear blome decordlog to
an Anguet article by Robert C. Cowen, natural arlene editor of the Chrietian
Belence Monitor.
He wrote in part;
«The meln reason there bee been no solentine atudy of tbe (UHO) puzzle 1e
coelal priesure within the eclenlide coumonity.
It has bot been due to lock
el ogportonity to gatber data.
"Many scleatlete fcel the shrle sublect la kooky. They fataise It with
ridlenle
It can he berronally embarrasing, even detrimental to a eclentlate
career, to try to take the saucer problem serlounlg."
It to time to invastigate; edentife koomledge of come cutt redee io the
DED pbenomenon, Bald the writer.
[From the Porflood (Matrel Erening Faptess, Jen. 21, 19661
THONE "FLYING SAUCED"-WHAT SamurI SAF WANTT STAR UFO PROSEE
(Elltor'a note: The do the Betb of a series about UFOn (onidentled dylne
objecte) by Bulkler 9, Gridn, exerative editor of the Eventng Expren,
Wash-
Ington bureau!
WAsHINGToN, DO-The cane of tbe tro Texae deputy sherlos woore petrol
our mos allegedly followed by eu andentlind fyine object (UFO, Bo tont they
It 110 mlles an hour in rushing Awar, in worth mebtlooing for its own suke in
ly atily of tbe Air Force UFO confrontation,
The cace eino lilnstrates the poaslbility of a more realletle treod lu ProJeet Elne
Bork-which la the name of the Air Force's Investigation of UFO's.
Prolect Blue Dook fral listen the Texas sicbtin* a6,
"Refraction of Btar
Antarea distorted due to loreraion."
Thie verdict was e highly Improbatle one
tom the start, ds will be ern from the testimony of the two deputy sheritte.
Recently, Mal. Mertor Qolutunllo, in cobunaod of Project Blne Book, «tated he
has withdrawn thię concluainn after talking over the phone with Dephts Sberitt
Иссоу.
The star verdict didn't arem to ft.
Bo Blte Bouk on recorde the stgbt-
de ax one of the very fex unexplained ones ob ita rollo.
doother recent cage of reconsiderotton of a verdlet occurred ln the Instance of
the four lighted objects ween togetber by many obnervers the night of August I-2.
anording to the teletype reporte of the Oilaboma Highway Patrol.
The latter

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 1404, "chars": 8513, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6058
aald Tinker AFF had picked tbem up»
But blue Rook had this righting later
an "¿elro (Aotaтea)."
Hodar does not pick up stors, an previonsiy notel.
Recently, boweter, un thie wrIter mug diseurlng
this sablue at the head-
quartere of ProJect Blue Trik and pointed out that a Tinkur AFR radio squadron
gergezut bad referred to two atationnis objectaund two mavine in the formatlon,
Project Blue Book proposed tbat. Ibe too stallonary onects nero stars—cle
brigbtest of them Autarrs-and the two alleged bobe movioe vould be nirplaner
The two croco, one ln Ollahoma and one In Texas,
suggest to note observery
that Froject Blue Book, while vigorously
trolng to explin amar bus of late
noradobal goght to tbrow a little more eredibllity luto ite iovestigations and
Bot to get to the two TeaR depuly abertfis, who, na it come about, were fol-
lowed bye UFO the sume nght- Septemher I--on whlehat lenst one person in tbe
Ezeter, N.HL, case reported belng followed.
Chlet Depots Sherle Billy F. McCor a Deputs Sberif Fobert
were on routine patrol near Danion,
Ter-which le around 40 malles south•
eant of Hogeton-wben tber now a briaht purple light, which poon producer e
amaller blue ligbt, on the horizon about d miles awas.
One of Lhe offcere studied
the figbte throngh binoculors.
Ther had alnwed down off the edge of the bigh-
mar wheb the lighta started rapidi toward them.
The testimony of Chlet Deputs Sherit Mrlos, da given to an investigattog
odeer from Ellogton AFB, Ter., continues :
"The object came up to the parture vext the highwey about 100 feet off the
bighear and about 100 feet hgh.
The bulk of the object was platly
god appeared to be trlangular shaped with e briaht porple Hgbt ru Ibe left nod
tbe smaller, Jene brigbt, blue light oo the right end.
The bulk of the object ap
peared to be dark graT lo culur witb no other distinymisbing fenturee.
penned to be about 200 feet mide and 10-50 feet Chink in the toldile tapering of
toward both ends. There men nuboine or any trail.
•The bright porple light illuminated
the ground directly underbeath it and
the aren ln front of it, locludiog the highwas and the lalerior of our patrol car.
The tall grass under the object did not appear to he disturbed.
"There wa a bright moon out and it cast a «bador of the oblert on the ground
immedlately below fit in thr g1987.
Deput? Sherift Goode was In the driver'a
seat with hlt left arm lylog in the open grindow.
Although be mus wearing d
long glenzed shirt and
coat, he laler bald that be frlt the heut apparenti
emanatioe from the object."
The officers ribed awar toward Demon "ea fast as we could wo" travellne
"At speeda up to 110 mles Ro hour." said McCoy.
Artived In Damon, they dia
custed the matter.
"We were botb scared but stlll wanted to fnd out what it
wAR"
Bo they retarned to the acebe and eew the UFO on the borison actiot
exactly as it had before.
«Fe decided to leave the nret brranse we frored that
the object mould atart voming toward daazalo," stated MeGor,
The roport to Alne Book of the Investigating ollicet from Elligton Air Force
Base believes the tou deputs aberlita denoltely sam "some unanal object." Thia
revort rends lo part:
"After talklog with both ofeers involved lo the sighting thete fe no doubt lo
my mind that thes defloitely RAw come usunt object or phenomenon,
my Investigation failed to uncover ang facts that permitted me, with my menger
knowledge of wuch things to arrive Hi ng exploation for the unusual wigbting.
"Both oficers appeared to he lutelligeot, mature, levellended persons capable
of connd judgment od reasoning.
Chief Depury Bberlit McCoy hold a responsible,
poaltlon in tbe depurtment requiring the superion отег 13 peraonnel
offcere have been mobjected to considerahe friendly ridleule from thelr con
temporaries and the local townspeople; but have coutinued to protees the facte
of their elebting * * *"
[rom the Fortlend (Maine) Evenlas Express, JAD. 22. 1758]
THOD "FETINO SAUCERA"-ETERO IMDICATE AI FORCE MiLEADITa POBLIt
(Br Dulkley Gridu (last of ale articles) y
WAnTINgTOn, D.C.—This le the dool one of balt e dozen articles on the nol
dentined dylog objects (UFO'al, the T.S. Al Force, #hich bas the offclal bob
6059
of lovestigating tbe ghtinge, and the publin.
The conclustone cearbed hate
been angisted by tvo more ezaminatios of the files of Profect Blue 10ok. tbe
Air Force name farita study and is ferdletsno UFU ceporte.
A main anelusion ren lo trieds atater.
Il is that the Air Forre la mlelending
the puttle by lt cuntiontus campaign to produer and umintaio belief that all eight-
fuge can be explained awar as micidentifcations of tomlliar objects, such an
tallone, start, and annufț
Ibe logical nssumptinn, bachel bo binch elreumstantiat evidence, is that the
Alr Farce is deliberatel misleading tbe publie.
Io thia campaigo the Alr Furio, backed by normal puble respect for thr mlitary
and for cutboritative statemente and also aralsten bo the batural bumur ole-
inelination to think aurommools or to be laughed At, bas been largely suotearful.
Hawerer, the Alr Force success in baviog the bullie believe what it maote it
to believe respectog UFO's is nteadilg and conspicuously lenseolog.
More end
more ekeptleium la belog volced in newspepure and by citizens.
Auother chlef concluslon le this: do energetle and tborongh effort to infeati-
gate the unidentliled fring object phenomenno Is being made by the dir Force or
eter bus been made by El.
And this charge bolda true respect ang
ollur Gor.
emment agency and respectine wbat bas been lermed the Natlon'a scientifle
Reasons for tbe peraefering Alr Force performauce are unknomo to the publir.
In tbe speenlation one of the following three resons la commonly advanced: tbe
dir Force feats marlooal panic if the trutb alont the UFO's were told; the Afr
Force feels It la stock with its atorg; or the di Force in silenred or the Central
Intelligence Agency
The tirat allegel regeon, Jumerver uncomplimenture to the intetligence of our
eltizene, le one that has been heard et the Capitol off end on for approaching Dr
Bone speculate it may be the reason the Air Force has glven to the chatr-
men of the two conererlanat apac eommittees in 11s understool endenvor to bold
of a congresalonal investigatlon of the UFO subject.
What la the truth about the CFUn? It in quite pondble that bo onc on this
A reteran New England congretional leader, mbo was io a postion to knot,
told tble writer thut the Alr Force didn't kuww what that are.
Cliciale of the
Central Intelilgence Areney ought to know If aarone does, get a former bead of
the CIA, Adm R. A. Hillenkootter, affirmed holf n dozed years agu that be did
but bellere in the Air Forer explainings-avor: but be did not mutteate be thought
be tbourbt he knows the truth of the matter,
An lucreasing number of good observers hold that a strable mlaorlts of the
nightings-many sightings presumubly are mleldentifcations represent some-
tbing new and utknown,
i intge bumler uf thate obserfers,
who Include
peterun allots, rudar operators, air truffr controllers, teachere, detronomer, and
otber eiperty, hold that the unknown L'FO'» are extratertestrial.
To all this Air Force offerie eno and do resprod tbat not a engle tangible
Ht of erldenre of ant ench TO las bren fonnd.
This in a nighty strong argn-
meut, the strongest argument of the so-called explalners awar,
Tel to an augmenting number of competent observer
the evidence grown
ronger that one of the UFO's are real and note unknown. So very
loprencire slębtings cabil lo explained awa. It is eatal.
"From
the Tritid States, from Argentlna, Cruguay, Portugal, France, Ant-
artles, and Australla (from fonr continental have come the rash of reporte nf
debtings nt unidentified Bring white ‹17N).
The rightings have been the
Ro sunitarized a United Fresa International die-
retch last AugurL.
Frat abd lost, few presumably mill challenge a conclusien that the Digatery
wot tbe problem of the unilentitied Aring object remato with this morkt.
And as for the Alr Foren, with its intebsve campaign to expleio awag every
trO sighting, it might Isles to the tecent advles of a reterau astronomer, Dr.
I M. teritt, director of the Fels Planelarlum, Franklin Institute, Philadelphia,
MId:
"It would be well If our Project Blue Moot offlelale were imply to Indicate
that sigblinga lo a minorits ofts cannot he explainer.
It woold clear the air
d grent deal of misunderstunding nnd mlstrust of thin group by the intellirent.
mythen and obserters abo he re seen obfecta in therkr."

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 1190, "chars": 7820, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6060
DEPAETHLANT OF THE ATe FoBCE
Mathington, January 18, 1906.
Hon, I MENDEL RIVEs,
Choirmon, Comaitles on Attied Ferrions,
Buste of Reproventatives.
ITAl ME CaMeL: Recentlo you requested Information in behalf of Mr.
John B Gray about undendied Aylor olerts (DIO).
The Air Force does not withhold or censor Informaton po UFO'S
nulte of ail Alt Force investigations are avallable to bonu Ode nems representa-
tires and eclentióc regearchers,
There
hau never been au order laruel br the Secretary of the Air Force to suppres ur
withhold much Informatlon
The three conclusions det forth ln It. Grag'e letter are, in fact, the cocto-
mona erhich were reacbed ass resolt of a bonel of sclebtine concutenta that met
at the request of the Government to study the problem lo 1063 For Four 1n-
formstion,
the M.8. Ar Force Belentifle Advleory Board has been arked en
erzitate the LTU program.
An ad boc cotimlttee ban been eppoluted and wl
convene sometime in February,
The regults will be avallable abortg after the
meeting.
de a result of inventigating oer 10,000 reports sloce 1947, we cannot accorl-
ate dieruption of running engines, radion, and beadlighta, or malfunctlon of alt-
craft instruments, or beat sensattone with UNO activity.
Nor can me attribute
then to dircraft operations.
There re many plansible explanatone for effects
steh a car rado static when pasrug powerlines, overheated car eggines, dropn
and voltage in the electrical aystem, conlfunctloo of equlpment, and
Imagination or panto of an obserter.
Weather conditlona such as temperature
Inversiota can cause Loomn natural or conventional objecta to appear to hover,
шоге Arowd, sod change colore.
Batellitee and balloone make no nolse while in
Balloons can alao bover and suddenly accelerate depending on the wind
The foregulng Intorwation aleo explaine our third conelaston.
There has never
been a top-becret document
"Estimate of the Situation," which con-
cluded that UFO, are Interplanelary lo nature.
do of December AL, 1000, the AIr Force bae received 10,000 reporte since 1947
of which fif are unidentifled and ceonot be explalued It is our opinloo that
all reporte could be explained I more detalled objective data had been erall-
Дожетег, because of the fact that atalysee m UFO sightings depend prl-
marily on the personal impresslone and interpretations of the overver ratber
than on accurnte ecleotifo deto or facta obtalned onder cuntrolled conditions,
poetive Identlication of all sightings la improbnhle.
Information on aur UHO
report in available to private citizens upoo request
Fbotography received in confouction
with UFO reports are ereluated hy pooto
The oblecte In ouch photographe bave bren evalualed do
lown natural or copventional objects which baze been
misinterpreted by the
Buch photographo are returned to the onner after analysin
Dur Project Blue Book offlee 1e locuted rt Wright-Patterop 4FB, Ohlo, when
AIl UFO records are kept.
All ohlerto which have been pleked up or tracke on
radar bars been Identitled яя flocte of birdo, weather pbenotrena, or reflectlone
Irom ground targets, Hadur neope photography la rlenained only If it revealm
classified defense Iuformaton,
The Jolnt Army-Nary-Air Force publication 146 deal with UFO's only as •
catchall class of sightings that doen not fali luto a recogolzed category such en
abloy, aubroarinen, alrerutt, or guldel missiles
The purpose of the publication
in to provide uniform instructlous far the peacettine reportlug nf what is judged
to be ritel Intelligence rightinza.
who vlulater
the provisions of
the pabilcatlon may he
Lable to prosecution thereunder.
The purpose of tha
ie to emponelse the uecesalty for bundlne of soch Information within ofci
chanbele only-
The article appearlog In the Docember 24, 1839, lome of TIG Aret, entitled
«UFO's Berlone furloesy* has been midaterpretAd
The purpose of this article
van gimply to luprove the quallty of reporte eul lureatlgative procedures
It
Also contalned guidelines for elective reporting and the egulptent acresary
for Inteatigationn.
tbone stated by Mr. Gray, nor do we have any Information about the Bantluca
Chile, inclient.
6061
All UFO uporte whieh are mubmitted to tbe Air Force are regorded
earnest reports from people who bave seen an serial object which ther could
Tot inlentIfy.
The purpose of our program ie to evaluate eurh repurts and to
Inlorin the obarizer of the cance of bie siebting
The Naliuval Invatientone Corrittee on
Aerial Phenomena i e prlyate
organizaton wbich lo intowar affllated wilbur Gorernment.
It is a plesture to açaln be of service to foni.
Blncerelf,
DwIGHT W. CoVELL-
Colonel, USAF,
Compressumed Inywiry Diminion, Offloc of Logistatine Trainna.
JANIAET 11, 1008.
Fon. L. MENDEL RIVeRs,
Rouds of Reprodetidines,
Wathingion, D.C.
MY DeAs Sre: Thank you for the rers prompt reply (Jan. B, 1097) to my
letter or Decemher 20, raurding UFU.
You stated that Jon bay check pul
my conspente with the proper anthoritles,
Koowing l adyance eccentially
phat reactiona zou will receive from these authortle, he ther Alr Force,
Departmeot of Defense, or Congregional Inquey Divion offctale, 1 etrongly
«od resperttully requent
you withholi deceptance of their atatemento until
Jon contaet Maj. Doonld Regboe (USMC, relired) or Mr. Richard Fall.
These
gentlemen, ra you are uadoubtedly aware, are elrector and associate director,
respectively, of NICAP and can be rearhed at WOrth 7-0434.
This counte of artion
demirable for the vitimate beet lutereat of
the Amarriton people as it Deroite hotb rides of thig controvery to be lor
cartlaliy welgbed.
NICAT, in the M arum since Its inception, has amaced muffcient factual lo-
and cyldent to refide any or All dlr Force claims.
The orgaalzation
asks onlt chat it be given tbe opportualty to progent thie
Informeton In open hearines in neder to attain Its immediate goAl of getting
to the people the truth alot the UFO's, a can be nartalner And ofeinly
confirmed: and the beat
hape of arniering this end le through cungresional
arton.
Herpectfully Four,
JOHN EL GEaT,
Funttagion Beach, Calif
DECELER 29, 1045.
Hon. Is Marner. RIVEr,
7S, Foure of Representattver,
The Houne Oftee Bwii.
Washington, D.C.
MT DEe SiR: ds chalruen of the Hoase Armed Derrices Commalttee, you may
de the proper person in tbe House, to rybom I choold address this correspondence
pertaining to a gublect, the sciebtifle dupect of which promises Ier-renching Impli-
A considerable amount of genuine ecientifle renarch by private Indi-
riduals to this feld 1o being thwarted, in part, br a polles of an agenc of the
C.B. Gorernment throngh the employment of rldleule und the withholting of
pertinent informatirn.
It Exa frid that bas beeu Lue subject of copprestion elore
194T and particularis piner 1063 by order of the Secretary of the Air Force.
The subject, of whleh I write, le that of undentided flying adects (D#0*)
and the Air Fore crotship lo the handling of legitlate nightings and reporte.
The poblleitel concludona, in part of the AIr Force'a Project Bite Fook are:
i no baldentifed fiying object reported, Invowtigated, and evaluated bo
the Air Feror has ever given nny Indicatton of threat to our national security :
(Z) 'Itere lus been no prldence aubmitted to or diaclosed by the Ait Force
tbet eightings catrgarized as maldentified represent technological derelop-
meute or principles lagund the ronge of present dey selentlile knowledge;
я1н1
fal There bas bern no evidence indicatino tbat giøbtines caterorized da
unidentitled are extra terrestrial vehicles.
Otber than the clone eucmunters with THO» reported by altline and military
pilote, an element of truth can be cooceded In concluaton (1|.
Hoverer, the
Ho iye posede any alreraft that can:
On dese proxlmity to growl velleles disropt tbe runolog enzioen,
beadlighte, and Indios of thone rehiclen?

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 1329, "chars": 8515, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6062
2 Oo ckse proximllo to conventional aircrafts cane thelt SYrO COD-
passes and directon findera to raomenterils malfuoction?
B. Ou clone proximito to conventional digrafa or groon reblelen causę
intense beat acnutiun experienced br thelr occupanta?
4. Потег at any che polut at nos given time and auddeols accelerate horl.
zontally or vertically ont ot alęht in a metter ef E to 10 geconda?
5. Egerate до abrapt 1* or 180° change ot directlon vblle in Algbl!
t. Maze uo discernible sound whlle ln ficht?
I. Glom briidantly and thange colors"
behazior and characteriatlca bave been wilnereut bf rellable persoos
and documented emumeruble Limer
add are rerf familiar to the Alr P'arce; In
additinn to helue defloltely beyotl the scope of pur present terhoologs. ,
clueon (9) bed ineluded the word "prot' inatead of "evidence," the probabllty
of truth conld alao be conceded hent
An It alanda, the etatement ie likemige
false fur the нише resecne on the argumente listerl agalnst concturion (3). Sloce
onr present state if terhunlogs dorn not permit natlefactors explanuciona to such
bebarlors of there objeers, what otber uoumlon cao a gcentifle mind make
than that their origla is extra terrestrlal?
Tr tag be recalled that the Alr Tech-
dical Intelligenre Center (ATIC) at Wrighl-Pnltero AFI. Darton, Onlo, lo
Juls-Ançut of 1919 conluded ln thelr top secret document ratimate nf the
that CFOt were interplanetar!.
#hile top Alr Force oldeiala mill
vehementl deng thet fuch & document ever exietel, proct that It dres eriet and
le nereadble for exuuinalion bF interested Members of Congres -but not Irolo
While the AII Force doee not pubilely admit to the exatence of the wealth of
docutented evidence tbut has been accorulated gince before the appearanct pf
the fret airplane, It does admit to pocoing at least 863 ''ankuowos" on the
Sighting, clannified яя "unknowns" are lbose well deromented br otclal
and unoflial
but remaln ansoled and
"unerplameble"
citizene lagolring Into tbe natur ut three unknoone zIll be told that euch la
cinasded Informatlon (AFR 200-2 paragrapbo 8 aod 10). It ahonla be noted,
Vir Prenident Humphrer and Sepalor Birch Bagh wen
blintormed by the Air Fore thrinkh the CongreRkiona! Inqulry Divleion tr
the eftel that. all of the 003 "unkoown" cAren Fere solved.
The letter to Sene-
tor Darh wan aigned by Col. Frederick H. Fahrinzer.
TrenIngo with the Alr Force concerning Informatlon of UFO's bate prozen
to be e cne-wey propoeltot--all In and noar ont.
Ia lt little wonder that dlf
nhont 10 perrent of the citizenry darr riok disparagement for puhmitting герогі
utekyłalnble?
"lendine" of photngrnghir ryident of a
ghtinę by e witnera to the Alr Forie in tantamonot to forfeiture.
quentiy, an Alr Force "allp-up" cccura in ble lavor.
Tbe AIr Forte maintalte that there lo no cenanrshio ot TIFD'e.
Jowine thir aublect known differentlf.
Strong feellnes were expresard by tbtee
OL mT acqoalntancos, all departed in recent vearo from nervlce in thet branch,
that. ceneorihip does indeed erlat.
Two were radar techniclans
ébe of bhom Segde in 199 blle che oher woş aged
to the 770th Rader Sonadton at Polnt Arena, Callf. In 1901-42. The third 1709
A member of ProJect Rlur Bork In Alaska doring 1981-82
The Jolnt Chiefa of Staf regulatton JANAP 110, etion ITI, Atle 19, Unlted
Statee Code 723, threatens Imposition of penaltles of 1 to 10 years imprlsonment
nud/or up to $10,000 foe opo aoy Alr Force plint who rereale an oflelal UFO
Such barb puulshment wonld rertainty he lodicatlre of the aerionnen
with wbich the Alr Fotce regarda the UFO'm; end atl the while the publlclzed lint
1 "ther don't eriet.'
The oficlal poltlun was subrequently rereaed when on
December 24, 1968, an Air Force Inepector General hriet mas leved alatlog that
Serione Businem" Hod instructing all investigating officere to be
eguipped with geiger countere,
The degree of ceriouatess can alzo he tralized
when one conaldere the lengthø to whleh elo ngrucirs of the Federal Coveroment
ate extendioç themselves io research to uncorer the ansgected accret of there ab-
Jeta tbat of graylte cuntrol, ur autiaravity pomer.
Fortr-elz such projeela ot
research ol farylug dextees ato currentlr being anloidised includiog 37 uniler Alr
Forte ampervinlan.
lot neccaenrily falt into thr sphere ef the public'» "right to know,'
appereot гедлоо or justifcutian for the contimuntion of thia "blackpnt" poltey
gardine UFO.
Force or lte aoperlos, but Il doea matter orben lodloldunl resczrzh in thle deld La
34332
It matters not ibether thle pollev weg Instlgated br tbe Air
6065
stlfed; and it matbere when the Americen pengle are deried the riębt to koow
what kind of powers ther mag be up agrinst.
Perlatence ln thia dogmație atti-
tade will ooly tend to deteriornte publie morale if ool the public truat in the AiT
Force when itrefutable proof of the existence of tome objecta manifesta Itaell.
Thooe behlod thla oddal "blackout" should be dianlaging real responsibillty
to all of ns by denisting from tbe proctices uf ridleuliog eincere witonrą and
helittling siebtings that delf explonntlone aod at leagt ertend public ecknowl-
edgement of gotee rredence do the erldence that abornda.
Inafitutiog a poller of
dealink bumestlr, for e change, with the people wonld preptre lhç wur to a mini-
mum of gog-ible panie (annuning tbla to he the bege ceason for the censorship)
tron artival of that "moment of prior."
1 Plense. excime the pony
Longider
tbe contrast, of the disrezpect shown Americane to Lorcongideration estended the
citizens of Argentina and Chile.
Fnr rample, on Angust 3, 1965, the radlo and
TV statlone of Gentingo, Chlle, alerted the populous lo view the three luminone
dlacue huvering over the rity for some 2o minutes before movitg glowiy A7ay.
Witb the hope that me met vet cecelte such cmurtess ibsteni of treatment ax
chilren, I respectfollo uree that Jou consider the undertaking of a henrine Iotu
thia derpleable ettuatint.
T'ntil thie conditioo la brooght out luto the open, moch
ef the nerg media will continue to refradn fro glving the CIFO'» gerlous consider-
atlon ther ao juntls dreprre.
All atetemenlu mude fo thia letter can te subetantlated by the Natlonal Inpratl-
gatlons Committee on Aerlal Phenomena
INICAP) located at 1636 Connectleut
dzenne NWF.,
Washington, D.C.
Documenter, eridence and autheotication ra
qulred to eupport tbe ossertlon that a cosorship does in fact erlat will be put at
the diapoaal nf your connhter bE NICAP npon regueat-
Respecttulls gaura,
JOHN R. GBAY, Guntington Bench, Colif.
(From Lite magatine, Apr. 1, 1900]
A TELL-WITNERAEI "TNTABIOM"—BT Hr
ГПОМ ACETRALIA TO MICHINAM, M FLOTERI OF EEEIE UFO BIĄRTINGA
Call thet what you wilt: fring wucero, poldentifled dylog objects (UFO'»).
obtleni Munirnz, ur the fret ermptams of the nilly
They nre back
hanl-and seen by more people lhan ever betore
Kone ate greenish and Irt-
descent, like lbe mysters tbing thet avooped dowo orer Pertl, Australia neferal
Othere are foothall ahaped and azlow with pulatlne Jrhte
week tbe manifrstationą geemen almost to hare rearbed the proportlons of en
Ncar Ane Arhor, Mich., 52 witnemen, Including 4
dozen polleemen,
sam li atrange oblerts baterina over a miramg. |
The apat daz e rlawing thing
floated over a small college ln Hillodale, Nich. And was gighted by 87 studeota,
an aafatant denn end the local civll defense dirertor.
Whaterer the explanation
ef the imenllar pbenomena-geen and described emilarly by so mans—komething
aurelr iras lo the nit.
"IT TARN'T No HILABILIOBION," SATD TRE FARMER, AND 02 ARBER
(Fy Paul O'Netl)
• DIITER TorNaMIe, MIсh.- Frank Mendor han naver belleved In Mylng saocers.
Han't ang need nf them.
Wisher ho'd nerer aacn one.
Frank abould have bezn
born in the dat of Dan'l Irone.
Since he wann't, he's ou the unempinyment.
Btll, he'ę a harar man.
Hels a basky, erizzled fellow of 4ĩ cho bee 10 children, a mell of meter mith
do outeide pomp, a elidlo hoid prlvy,a T7 sel und e battered refrigpretor mith
Four disnledled antomohiles rest bealde hle white, tamble-
down, trosors farmbonse in the open country 12 mles northwest or Ann
Ther proride parts for hes poed car..
Ile hes an ancient achodhne for
buutloę expeditinna . He alan has siz dogt.
The digs atarted It. all.
began "harkln' nod bellerin'" at Mørork that Sunday olęlt, Frank ran obtadde
czen though be wres mearine hin nait punta-
-and lonted east Into aramplnud
from the rise of proun on which the honse ie built He raw lighte and e celnt
sed glos "Hke elearets belog emoter."

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 1515, "chars": 9066, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6064
Frank called blu 18-rear-old act, Rotnte,
Sult panto or nøt, they started down
toward whaterer it was.
"'T thaugul a meteor bad hil, that maghr we could
plek up pleces of lt." Frank sald.
It neter for a minute cenrred to him tbet the Cnited States badn't had a
good, injeterlode fging clueer manifestation for a coco'a age, that It THe proba-
bly time for a new vieltatlon from the creterlous Ittle men frnt outer space
nod that they had decided to tee suthern Mlebizan In general and hie awamp
In particular for the danedest display of tasting lichty and shizzioo half-wen
objecte ance Fruok Perklos fred • 20 rifle et a New Tort crow—and hit e
Areporte fretory—hack in 1091.
Frank Mannor gonz realized that he and big not were stalklng noe kind of
The gronod between his bouse and the swamp to hammocks, rolline, bot
the night was cleer and moonlit and the glow ahead as plain.
were buttlog deer," Frank sald to Ronnu,
"Don't lalk we'll rueak up nu H."
They Jumped a ereek, ellmbed a rice, and there it was, a few hundred garde
ahead in the marAb.
The thing seemed no long an an automobile, and more e
creen light on one end and a white light on the other.
Its back was humped
and looked grayla. or blaleb-brown nul was
"quilted" nr tough
rock,' It eemed to be alttng perhape B feet of the groond to a patch of mist.
"Lite a man ln a boat on a mloty luke in the moroine—ami can see the man
but cant qulte make put the bont*
dudlenly It turner bland red.
"Look at that borrible thing. Dod," blurted
Ronole-aod the Wahts instantly
Both began running towarl It.
"1 »яя a-puffo'," cald Mannnt.
"But when we got there it was goter.
fer 4 hours but there was no dao or smell of it.
I'm glad I din't hate a gin,
I'de shot it and I miębt haye barmed someone."
Rack at the boue, meantime.
Mannor'e
wile Tenure woman who wrat
chapelese niecko and a funnel shirt with the loll out—dreided to call the neurby
Driter Fillure pailre.
"Te're Ent an objert out here," che fail Cordalir.
"that
lucks lIke phat they roll e frinę eucer, It's got lightern itdown In the rwamp"
Bloce the Mannon are on an eløht-porty Ine Tonna told n errat many other
ntber people, too, and the word spreod like ligbtning —0r tbe flow from a dylos
eaucer,
Cope and deputy sheriffs were good tumbling out of care aod trualing
fit toward the marsh, and the road beroud tbe house was Jumed golld with
the cars of gawkers
Most of 1bew wee rewardul for their FIREt.
Dester
Police Chlet Robert Trylot and Patroloon Nolan Dep raw the red clow as ther
stumbled around In the dark; so did Washtenan Counts Deputy Sheritis Atan-
leg McFadden and Duvld Fitzpatrek All reported, Ike Mannor, tbat tbe light.
eventually ranianed.
That unlike thelt boat, who said, "I never sern It take of,"
the cope felt it bad spond away orer Mannor's house making a gound like "an
ambulance."
"I esen It" gald MrFedden, "but I etlll don't bellere it."
Better Patrolman Robert Hunaw111 91g a
lighted object" UDIEr
over his patrol car as he pnltel in tbe rowd lot those the had set rut for than
внншр
It bad red aod wbite lchte "which at tines bad a blulsh tinge" and
made continulog myeets over the swamp al a belght of 1,0M fret and theo, vo
betng Judred by three other "objerts,
Chirf Tuzler's 18 rear-old on
Robert sam one lięuted thing at 10:30 Tt flashed red and white ant harrled of
to the TreBL
Ann Arbor, though sharple civiled hetween scoffers and bellevers the bert deg,
ațll acemed to frel a toenioous cirle pride 1o tbe taet that the Alr Forge had
tuben cogulzance of its lorio phenomenon by dispatrblng Astronuter J. Allen
Fruek, director of Nortbwestern Lolveraity's Dearborn Observators, to wolch
the tales of the elect and, no donht, deod a merage of prarity and import to the
Theg were even moro beerlened to hear that Hrnek did not lostaotl
apnounce that Mannor and his fellow bushwhackers had simply seen tbe Unl-
verally or Michigan's dish-obnper Peach Monutuln radio telescope, which etami
against the sky berond the area in whleh ther saw the glowina thing. Lynek, *
benided toan who has intestigated a hundred cher
"gighlings* for the Air
Force ln the toat two decades, zu qure Mannor was too arrietomed to the tele
arope to ever metabe it for anything else,
"I bellere the people who mude tbese aløbtingo are entrely howel and ain-
cere.' be sald.
"But I am not willing to ques what they naw."
He bedged when
asked It be thoucht the thing might concelrably have been a new "tert vehicle"
of note gort.
#I thiuk I know mach more of what le color on thao
began, but then halted and sald,
I'm sure there la some natural explanation for all of thla."
6065
Arch by Frank Marnor's bouse the cued Jammed up with the care of the
expectant: оле mon scaped aver at a virlin for an hour to the bore of can-
outer #19r* und snother blinked a licht in what he
descrlbed ag a
"TH role"-which he bellered to be lhe fer to interplanetars
boderstanding. Mans cume to arf.
Ляплог grew mure indlanant hy the hour.
"Penple are trying to make a fanatic put of me." be complained.
stIll tramiDe round here at & o'elek this morning aml look at thim non.
'How buck sooney at son fring to make of this?
That's гтидт.
dun't want no money.
I didn't mantum publicite la che drst place 1 don't want
Ira Junt n aimple fellow.
Bot 1 seen that Treen aod nobody'e going
to tell moe different. That wardl to old fordre or bullabillusIon.
obdect, Magle it'll come back if all these people Monlostny awar and me could
fet a plelure aud have serleatlon of it. Aurbodr wante togle me a lie-detector
test I'll take tt."
Lena, his wife. waa more succlact: "We aln't Martiane-thes net like you're
bot human or something becouse Fou seen It.
I'm about to get a fun and shoot
some of these smart alucke if they don't stay to bell awAr."
T0147 FLTIMO SADOTE NIGHTINGe
(Ever alnce the Old Testament proptet Ezektel recorded an encoonter with a
dert frog wbeel, people bave been seeing saveerlike tbiog, in tbe Alg.
In the
following report Life Correnpondent Bll Tige tella of the Air Fores enorts to
take sense of alt)
DAYToN, OnJo-There bave been 10,147 reported UFU sightings since a perl-
vate plot named Kenneth
clalmed be saw a get of ropidly movire
"thinge" 1o tbe air penr Mount Rolaler, Waab, on Inne 24, 1417.
Arbold'e Fidely
publicized report ert of the Grat of the modert epldemics dI sauer slghting, and
tbe Alr Fore bae been fo the Baucer hualnese ever since.
Its "Projerd Alacheck"
octuples a eingle room on the setourl four of a windowlen red concrete Unilding
lere at Wright-Pallersun Air Force Bare,
It functions: 41) to try to find an
explabation for all reported elgbtinen of unidentlfed dying ohlects, (2) to dla-
cover wbether tbe T'FO'e pose ant security threat, and (3) to determine If UFOs
arbiblt any adrewad techoolog? shich the United Slates vuld put to nse.
To nselet Project Dinebook tbere laan UFO oficer ațationed at every Air Force
base fn the country: the officer at the base dearest a reported slebting In trn-
sible for infliating the lozentigation.
Accordiog to Mal. Hector Quintanelln, JI.
a physielat who heads Project Bluebook, ost CFO nightings have a rational and
only sery slugle explanation.
The most cormon reporte stem from bright
stars, planets and meteorites, parlicularly when flewed tbrongh broken cloude or
Othere turn out to be satelliteo—few propte reallce that there are not muore
then 30 of these to orhit that are visible to the naked ejr.
Thousands of bal-
loons towe de large us 30 feet 1o dinmeter, come carrrine running lichts—ore
released daily at airports, meatber atatione god reearch centere, and tbese lead
"anner" reports.
Cooveolivual aireraft are cnother major
nour reflecing cun be day of providing the glow of running lighte of jet
afterburners or the flash of photo recum strobe lighta at night.
All eatellited and most
wentber balloons and alreraft
are belng carefalls
tracked and locked by military of cirilian agencies, and Project Ritebook ron-
duels checks alghtings against these recorda.
Doreporter locel fights by private
alecraft poe the most frequent problem In thia detective roth.
Strange ble do radar screene bave cecualooally onsettled persennel nt track-
log stations es, too objecte that appeared on the goons at Paturent Natal
Air Btatlou (McL) last December neemingly approaching the base at an estimated
1,800 mlles an bour before waking a tlgbt turn and dinmppearing.
generalit be truced to polenting
"burt" withlo & recying set or to interference
from otber nelghboring ricetronie SeaT.
Wright-Pattrrson esperts bare been
able to remount for every errant radar bily reported to date.
There la no questlon that our Air Force and those of other conntriee etoploy
aborted airhorne bariware us taetleal and training devleen.
Many of these are.
of truce sen da dyle sancers and it is obylous that for security reasona the
Alr Force la reluctaot to lalk atvul them.
"I hate locked ar the recorda of nearly prery UFO case back to 1AtT," BEFr
Major Qulntanella,
"and ur feclue la that the vant majority have Involved
adople mlsinterpretatlon of maturnl phenomeon,

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 989, "chars": 5730, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6066
Of the alghtlure no far checked out, lese than 2 percent of the total are listed
on Froject Flue Book'e dle ee muldentifirl.
The Ait Forte offleiully concludes
that none of these bne given any Indicaton of poslog a tarcat to national enfety.
ur odering bem technological data, or of originath from some titraterrestial
Hoverer, some of these Alry remalo ofcially nuen and the Inrestigations
on themi contone
Dr. d. Allen Hypet, director of Deerborn Obeerratory at Northwesteru Tol-
vernity, mbo le bending up the Ann Arhor lovestigation for the Alr Forne, 19 an
old beod at checking on dring sancers for Blur Rook.
Dr. Ilobek notes trat
eiebting reports noiaily do wot originate with verous who believe it outerspace
"Bellevers" don't need elebtlugs to convince tom, am are irritated
by the eubarrassment and ekemielat with which most DFO spattera, 1lke Frant
Mannor, report what thes bellere they have Been.
"It le enry to disul the cases of birde, balloons, and the like," sage Dr. Hynek,
"but when good solid eltizens report enmething puzzling.
obligaton to do de good a Johas we can.
I regard our 'UnidentIfieds as a sort
of blot on the escuteheon.
Bomchuw me sclentlate should be able tó come up
with anapers for there thinga.
Major Quintanello, akbourb certalo that po evidence turned up to date hea
even binted at spectatat of unearthly origlu, agrees that It ls impossible to
prove that fring saucers do not exiet.
In any event, the Air Forre Is not about
to gize up chasing UFD's.
«We are spending millets tn develop our own rocket boosters to get our opace-
craft to the moon and beyond,"
ers the major, analing.
"Imuglue what a creat
help It would be to get nur hande co a ship from anolher planet and examine Ita
powerplant"
The CHarman. What I want to ask you is, why do they always see
them in the nighttime?
DI. NINEK. There ure a number of reporte from the dagtime al-
The CuIRYAN. Then there is another thing, if anybody wanter to
" Herta car.
Dr. HYnEK. Maybe they don't know this.
The CHaImaN, If the Martians don't know this by this time they
will never know it.
Dr. HINER. No comment on that, Mr. Chairman.
The CHAIrMan, Well, you might to comment on it.
Dr. Chamberian, ve will heat from you.
Dr. CHAMBERLAN. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I really have to
questions, bat I will say the sightings in Michigan were neat my
#ret, but not within it I m pleased to hear your recommendation and
to have the Secretary's statement that he intends to implement it
I em further comforted to know he is giving it further thought and
he is going to, at such time as your recommendation is implemented,
we are going to have a panel that will consider these things in depta
not Just in town for a day, with a cursory look, and disposing of it
because I feel me have other scientific achievements and arvances, and
that there is going to be a growing importance of surveillance of this
phenomena,
I mond say, further, the people in our aren are concerned abont this.
There has been considerahle
responsible
editorial comment in atr
newspapers. It should not be "poo-pooed," as you say.
6087
1aM pleased to have vour stotement,
And, Mr. Chairman, I thank you for having this hearing, and these
people in to put some attention on this matter, Thank you.
The Caairman, Thant you.
Governor Stafford. Governor Stafford, you are from Vermont, how
close is this to your district?
Mr. StarFurn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. 1 wus going to com-
ment on that.
Mr. Bates has pointed out there have leen UFO sightings in New
Hampshire, Vermont not to l# outdone last week has land sightings
there, also, some within 10 miles of my hometown.
The CHarMin. That is getting anfully close.
Mr. STAFFORD. Yes, sir.
Since our States of Vermont and New Hampshire are known as the
this may he simply a case of bad naviga-
tion on the part of the UFO%, altbough some of us think it may be if
they ere extraterrestrial they are simply looking for a warmer climate
than New Hampshire possesses. But in any erent, in seriousness, the
people in Vermont are very much concerned over the sightings that
hare occurred in our State,
and reputable people have seen plienom-
on which ther cannot understand
1 would simply hope lhat the Secretary of the Air Force and the
doctor could assure me that if these sightings have not. already been
syzluated, that in the course of investigation and debberadions they
will be.
The CHaIrman. I hope if you come in contact with any of then J01
don't have to tell them where South Carolina is.
Mr. Héhert is next.
While these obiests have not been seen in my district, I just want to
prepare myself, because after next clection day I might have scen
some ul them.
Doctor, hare you conferred with Mr. Ray Walston on this subject
matter
DT. ErNER. No, air.
Mr. HÉBErt: Does that ring a hell with pou, Mr. Ray Walston?
Dr. HINER. No, sir.
MT. HebeRt. It does not ring a bell! He is the most authoritative
inn in the country an space. Ileappours in every home every Sunday
night, he is "My Favorite Martian.
DY. HYNEK. Oh. [aughter.]
Mr. HÉHerT. He has an antenna out of his hearl, too,
Dr. HYNeK. I think I have been talking to the wrong peopie,
MI. HeReRT, He can shed a lot of light on the subject.
I just
vented to direct your attention to that.
That is all, Mr. Chairman.
The CHaiRMaN. Dr. Hall, you are next after Mr. Price.
1 Mr. PrIce. Doctor, if in fact they exist and are from outer space,
don't me have have a tracking system that now does a real competent
ob tracking every satellite in outer space so we knom every one that is
winched somepliere elze, and as they ciree in outer space me hate a
record of ench of these, do me not?
Dr. HYNEK.
It is my undetstanding that we do. This is the point
I made earlier.

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 967, "chars": 5669, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6068
Mr. Pre. IT they did travel in outer space there would be a record
domewhere of their trarels in outer space?
Dr. HynnE. I mould certainly
• think
so, and this, of course, is 1
think one of the most potent arguments agains extralerrestial visita-
cion by intelligences, unless they were so superintelligent they know
how to evade completely our surveillances,
T think this would be
pretty dittrult,
Mr. PRIcE. As they left their normal vrbit they could be tracker
and followed!
Dr. HiNer. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRIce As they left theorhit?
Dr. HINEE. To Lle best of my understanding, they certainly could
The CHaIRMAN. Dr. Hall.
Mr. HAd. Mr. Chairman, I just wanted to thank the Secretary and
his distinguished guests for this, and say for some time we have even
had space conventions down in the Ozarks, in the last 13 years, and
it would seem obvious to me in view of the report toklay those who
win the may ber of spot hateing re drug ad alred as only.,
namely, in the order of 10,000.
To me it indicntes a decrease in the
mores and the fiber of those who would subject thernselves to halluei-
natory influenees in the firat place.
Thank you.
The CHAIRMAN, Mr. Stralton?
• from Life magazine, Mr.
Chairman.
Mr. SHAYtOw. You mentioned somethi Life magazine I think re
There were two pictures in
mould like an explanation of.
One of them was & red object which
The other were two lights,
was clearly visibla in the Plarbor, one ut one position and ons at
I think, taken in Sidney
another, and then there was the third photograph.
I wunder if the
Doctor could give us what the explanation is of these?
Dr. HYNER. Well, sir, unless one has the original negative, there
is very little photoanalysis that can be done. It is enid a picture is
worth a thousand words, but I think in this case it is the uther mar
nround, because
Majorl, bintani vil beat ma but that erience had housed
y are accompanied by photographs.
they very frequent, appreninde it is possible to doctor up negatives
Mr. STRATTON.
Let me put it the other way around. Have these three incidents
which are reported photographically in Life magazine been examined
y JOU, ANG, I e0, what are your fudinga with regard to them'
Dr. HITNeR. No, sir; they have not been examinen OF me, Court
I do not havo the original negatives.
Mr. StRaTTon. Are these incidents listed in the list that you hate
compile, and which the Secretary has told us Do percent are explein.
Dr. HINEE. No, sir. These particular pictures are not in my list
since I don't know enough about them.
Mr. STRATiON. Doctor, I mould suggest since these have had very
prominent circulation, in a magazine of some prominence in the coun
cry, that me ought to eximine these particular things and determina
shether they are hoares or not. If anything is disturbing the Amen-
6069
can peoplu, I mould assume a picture of this kind would be disturbing
in juet the same wuy that Life's story of what happened to some dogs
ut baltimore has nose resulted in legislation heing recommended to
You have no explanation or haven't looked into the series of photo-
graphs that uppear on pages 26 and 27 of Life magazine, and pager
24 and 25?
Dr. HYNcE. I just leamed of the Life article last week.
Mr. STaTIN. Isthat correct, Dostor?
Dr. HYNES. That is correct, I have not examined the photographs
and information published by Tife.
Mr. STRATION. Has anybody examined them in the Air Force?
Major QUINTANILA. Mr. Stratton, te have asked for the negatives
of those pictures, but the citizens will not turn the negatives over to the
Air Force. Tou cannot force them to turn them over to the Air
Mr. STRATTon. Thay turned them over to Life magazing, haven't
Major QuINTANILLA. You will have to ask them; I don't know.
Mr. StRATTon. What has Life got?
Major QunTaNILLA. I don't know, sir.
Mr. STATrON, How can you have ezamine this without finding out
what Life has!
Major QUINTANIa. What is that, sir?
MI. STRATTON. How crn you have examined these particular in-
frances without finding out what Life hast
Major QUINTANILLA. The Air Force has not investigated thee in-
stancee, sir, and the photographa have not been examined bouse the
deputiven hafe never been turned oer tothe Air Force,
MT. StRatioN. You have not been in touch with Life magazine to
find out what they have?
MajOr QUINTANDrA. No, sir; we have not.
Mr. STRaTIoN. Don't you think it might be well to undertake to
mate n effort to find out whether Life has the negalaves, for example,
or whether ther have been in touch with the individuals concerned?
Major QuINTaNiLLa. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEiTroN. Well, I think, Mr. Secretary, us I just said, I are very
much impress! with ihe doctor's statement, and with yours, but this
kind of thing in Life maguzine makes il appent that there is some-
thing there, and you say that you have examined these things, and
there is nothing there, am I think that you ought to have examined
this so that we can have an explanation of these particular phenomena.
The CHAIRMAN. Let mesay something.
We cannot ask the secretury to look into every magazine that ia pah-
lished, or every periodical that comes out of everybody's printing
Now, it seems to mo like Life magazine is not exempted or ex-
cluded, if they areas interested es they appear to be in thig magazine,
at comes to my offee Iree, and which I neldom look into that is mr
responsibility, i leave other things to do-it looks to me like thee
people whe give suel grent disemination to these things would be
interested in seeing what the DOD has, without imposing on the bec-
retary of Defense the responsihility of tracking down everything thal.
comes out of everylory's camera.
I do not know why we should im-

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 983, "chars": 5764, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6070
and say the me your the rege nent to trac or is tas wine
Is this whal
you want!
Mr. STRATToN. Mr. Chairnan, it was my understanding we were
asking thie question becanse many people had been somewhat
cerned by these reports in recent days, including the distinguished
minority leader in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Yes.
Mr. STRATTaN. And it does seem to me when a national magazine
that has an much influence д Life hat, pruts some photogtaphie-
what purports to be photographic-pieces of evidence af these objects
we nught to if me are going to allay the concern of these people ho
have started this investigation by our committee in the first place, that.
we ought to have an answer to it.
The CHAIRMAN. I think so, too, but I don't think we should criti-
cize the Secretary for not having done it.
Mr. Secretary, here is what I am going to request you do.
in touch with Life magazine and request them to furnish gou with this
information that Mr, Stratton has brought to your attention, ot any
other macazine, and report back to this committee,
lecretart HROWH.
Te RAN I sure Tifmagazine would be eager to do this
Mr. Stratton, I think you are wise in suggesting it, but what I didn't
want to do isto unwittingly criticize the Secretary for not having dote
Now, Mr. Secretary, will you do itr
Secretary Brown. We will do it, Mr. Chairman, and we will I think
continuato follow our ground riles—
The CHAIMAn. You get those negatives if you ran and turn tham
orer to the doctor, and T want a report on it.
Mr. STRATTON. Mr. Chairman, I have one moro question.
нау I wouldn't dream of criticizing Che Secretart, he and 1 are good
frienda, and heknows I am only trying to be helpful.
The CHATtAN. Of course, and I know he cherishes your friend-
ship, and so do I.
Mr. STRaTTon. The other item that has really led to all this concern
toray are these sightings in Michigan,
The Secretary has given un
& reporty but I have only had a chance to skim over it.
The doctor
here & moment ago vommented with respect to those people in Wiscon-
sin that only two or three people in the are had seen the phenomenon,
and wasn't it surprising that a lot of people who must have been
around didn't see it.
If I understand the newspape accounts correctly, the tamg that 1s
unique about the hutehigan sightings is that a lot of people in the aren
aw it, and the girls in the dormitory apparently sat around for hours
Could you tell us, doctor, in a for words the gist of what you dis
covered out there that you have reported here f
Dr. IrNER. I will be happy to. I conducted a delated inquin
into the two reported sightings at Doster and Hilladale, Mich.
the 50 to 60 people who reported having seen one or the other of these
I talked with about 32 persons.
The CHaIrMAN. How many doctor?
Dr. Hines. With about 82 people.
I talked with some of these
briefly, but spoks with at least 15 persons in considerable detail.
These too sightings, although separated by some 65 miles, sere
a localized phenomenon. They were in the swamp arez. No individ-
ua. that I talked to, and no group of persons, could agree that they
has seen anything either enter or leave the swAmp.
There were
seera isolnted reports by people who said that yes, they sam a bright
light come, but they could not get any general support år concurrence
on this, from the others. Witnesses did agree that they saw a glow, and
to yet, an is come in the spe read pete crea
So I said
tomyself,
And I researched this ques-
tion with the aid of several profegsons at the University of Michigan
They have been very helpful to me in this, since an astronomer doesn't
know about swamps; he usually has his eyes a little higher than that.
They informed me, and I Inter found in several books, that marsh
rs, resulting from the gpontaneous igniting in sir of such gases a
CH, methane, HS, PH», phosphine, and' particularly important
PHa, an impurity in phosphine, is a common occurrence and produces
what appears to be glowing lights of different colors. Since then I
nave hed several letters from people saying "What are they getting
all excited about in Michigan, I have seen these things since I have
been a kid on the famm."
дя these ganes are immited, they can pro.
duce red, yellow, and green glows. "There is nothing mysterious about.
these colors.
The lighling goes ont here, and goes on here, thus giving the im-
pression of motion.
The fight was moving smoothly, they enid, not
following the train which was bumpy, and they also rose some dis
tance and came down. They were reportedly observed fur a period of
270 to 3 hours
"Light and Color in the Open Air," it is pointed out
thet swamp lights, comtonly known as will-o'-the-wisp, for light,
and go forth, can be observed for several hourg, sometimes all night.
And the conditions were just right for it in Michigan.
In both
cases, the winds were reasonably calm. Had there been high winds,
it is unlikely these glows would have taken place.
Furthermore, Michigan had experienced an unusually mild winter.
They tell me there meant much show. However, the swamp harl
been covered by ice.
Now, in a swamp rotting vegetation produces these marsh gases.
When a thaw comes, it seems entirely logical to me, that these gases
would babble up, and be spontaneously ignited, and you would see
these things.
To me it is a logical naplanation.
I said in my press
release I couldn't prove it in a court of law but it seems to me to te a
very logical explanation.
The CHAIRMAN. Now, Mr. Ichord.
Then I will come over to the other side.
Mr. Існо. Let me first differentiate, Mr. Chairman, my pration
from the chairman, and hire. Rivers, and niso Mr. Nedai.
I sm neither a believer nor a disbeliever. I am from Missouri, and
Ihave got to be shown.
The CHAtmAN, You go right ahead.

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 822, "chars": 4982, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6072
Mr. IcHoRD. I would like to ank, along the line Mr. Stratton Fas
in ur: Chairman, one of the mereters of he commite stat ins handed
me a question that I think should be in the record.
Doctor, are you familiar with the NICAF, the National Investiga-
dions Committee on Aerial Phenomenon?
Dr. HTer. I would think anyone who hasbeen looking into UFD'#
for the past mung yerry as I have couldn't help be acquaintel with
their work.
Mr. IcHorD. What is the makeup of this committee?
Dr. HYNER. It is called a committee, but it is a rather large group
of rivilians over the country, as I underdstand it, who volunteer to
inveatigate the cases.
Mr. Існов, It has no official standing, then !
Dr. HYNEs. Nooflicial povernmental standing: DO, sir.
Mr. IcHORD. This committed does not always agree with your ex-
planation of the various sightings?
Dr. HTner. I belieye that ie correct.
и r. ICHORD. How many, Dorter, of the 10000-plus ences, have there
been photographs allegedly taken of IIFO's
Dr. HYNaK. In a very few case. This is another thing which
Mr. IcuoRn. Caz you give an idea of how many?
Dr. HiNer. How many!
Major, would you venture a guess?
Major QuINTArILLs, I don't knot.
Dr. HINEr. I would say only about 1 percent, or less, of the cases
reported have included photographs.
Мг. Існон, Then I take it you can't tell me how many «i these
photograph cases have not been explained by yon, since you can't
tell me how many photographs have been taken?
Dr. HTNER. This is right.
but the point 1s that you cannot make
i scientific nalys of a photogranh unless you have the hegalive.
As the major has pointed out, time and again when we request the
negatives, they are not forthcoming.
Sometimes other groups pet them.
Mr. IcoRD. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The CHAIRMAN. Now, Mr. Clancy.
Mr. CANOr. Mr, Chairman, just one short question for the doctor.
Hare any of the 5 pereent of the nrezplained cases been observed
оп rAdAr screens?
Secretary Brown. I don't know the answer to that one.
Major QUINTANILIA. No, sir.
Mr. Chaner. What percentage of the reported incidents have been
reporter on rodar sereens?
Major QUINTAMILLA. Ahout 1.5 percent, sir.
M. Curvor. That is all.
The CHaIrMAn. Mr. Schweiker, me are finishing up now.
Mr. ScHwEreR. Yes, sir, Mr. Chairman.
First I wonld like to request the Beaver County photograph be
included in the Air Force investigation,
the one that appenred
Look magazine, and was verified by the Beuver County Times
hope that will be included.
6073
The CHATaMAr. We will get an Air Fore report on that, too
Mr. ScHweIreR. Do I understand that vou said none of the unex-
plained objects have been sighted on codor!
Уг. SchweirrR. No, the first question he asked vou was, have any
of the unexplained objects been sighted on radar.
I thought vou said
"No" to that just a couple of minutes ago.
Major QuINtaNIa. That is correct.
We haveno radar cases which
Bro unerplained.
Mr. SCHWEIKra All right.
Tet's go back to the story Mr. Bates was talking shout, Exeter, N.H.,
the one Mr. Fuller has written about in several magazines.
I understand this is un unexplained sighting on your part, is that
correct!
Major QuINtania. That is correct, sir.
Mr. ScHwEIKEr. He specifically says in his story-and 1 quate his
words n77-
Conddentlal comments made to me by the Canst Gnardomen and mitars in
the art support the laymen's testimony and confro the reporte nf radar alcht-
Ings and scrathling be let fightera from Petee dtr Force Base.
Major QLINTANILLA. No, sir; that is not correct.
We have NO
adar information on that sıghtıng
No jet fighters were scrambled.
Mr. ScHwirrk. Tet me osk vou this: In the Pease Air Force Base
you had an investigation by Major Griffin, and a Lieutenant Brant, is
that correct
Major QUINTaNIEL. Sir?
Mr. ScHweikr.
In the situation at Exeter, N.H. did you have a
mport tilec to you folks by Major Griffin and Licutenant Brant?
Major Orlavira, Fea, sir: we cod.
Mr. SCHwEIKeR. Could we have copies of their raw report?
Major Quntanicu. Yes, sir; you may.
Mr. Schwerner. What were their conclusions:
Major QuIsTaNuLa, They couldn't explain it.
Serretary Brown. They sent them over to us.
Mr. ScHwizken. They made no mention of planes scrambling from
Pease Air Force Base?
Major QuINtaNilLa, There mere aircroft in the araa on reculari
ahediled missions.
but ther were not serumbled for the purpose of
boserving the reported UPUS,
Secretary Brown. Two of my staff have pointer out to me,
MT.
Schreiker, that Peuse AFB has no fighters; it is & SAC bamber base,
and is not a figliter base.
The CHATTAN. Are there any other questions, Mr. Schweiker?
Mr. SCHWEIKER.
Yes, sir.
I would like to ask the doctor:
You said to have some bona fide siglitings we need a lot of people
*no • point-to-point situstion rml some otber things, Doesn't the
Breter, TIL, sighting, at least as reported —i want to point out that
No people per i met you er ser at of pople a a l
was a point-to-point situntion, ul least this observer says there were

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 759, "chars": 4343, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
radar sights. This apparently seens to be in disagreement at the
present time,
Wouldn't that he a claseification of what you said me don't have!
Dr. HYNEE. No, sir.
I said there were several cases where we had
a lot of witnesses.
It does not have to be a point-to-point situation.
When an airliner leaves New York for San Francisco, it is een orer
Ohio, Nebraska, and so forth.
These sightings were confined to B
relatively narrow area. I want to know
what happened to these
Why weren't they geen over Fort Wayne, Ind?
Mr. SCHWHIKER,
The fick one officer reports he went to the scene
after someone els sighter it, and returned bark to the same point, there
it was, according to the police ocer a testimony.
Dr. HINEE.
Yes, sir, but it was in the sume ares, We don't knon
what it was. I mouldliketoknow what it was
Mr. ScHwakEr. One of the other witnesses in thie story_ and All I
have to go on is what the reporter's writing says, they did, in fact bee
it go from point to point, while they were watching it.
Dr. HyNes. Within & relatively narrow area.
But I don't recollect
whether they Bar it leave for distant points.
One of the things that
seems to be bo odd about this particular ense is that we did not find
horizontal trajectories over any length, as you would expect from a
Mr. ScHwEInER Is the Beaver County sighting unexplained or is
that explainable, thie photograph I referred to!
Major Qintanıw. Isthis Mr. Lucer's photo!
Mr. SCHWEIER Yes, air.
Major QuINTaNILLA, We have asked Mr. Lueci to submit the nege-
ive for photo analysis, but he has refused to doso
Jr. HweK, It needs a double exposure, as me can judge from tr
Major QUINTANIan. We asked the gentleman to submit the nege
tive for analysis and he refuses to do so.
MajOr QUINTA La. donaki, sir. Wo requested the negative,
br. SceweIrk He sobmitted it to the Beaver Times.
They pub.
lished it. Maybo these people are a little skeptical aboul turning over
negatives without gome astrance
I think we ought to lonk into that a little bit, because the newspaper
claims they sew the negatives, examined by their photographic experti,
and they are authentic.
Major QUINTANILLA. I have a copy of our letlar in my files asking
Mr. Lucci to submit the negative for analysis, and he declined to do
That is all I can say.
r. Schwarze Thank you, Mr. Chairman,
The Canirman. Thank you, Mr. Schweiker.
We will go to Mr. Leggelt.
Mr. Luor. Mr. Chrirman, Mr. Wilson and I want to go on resord
at this Lime that we do not believe; we are intelligent people.
Mr. Barra. Which Wilson?
again at 2:30.
Quintanilla, me will let them be excused. Some people say whenever
you all have gone we are going to get down here in erecutive session
6075
nd you, LI. Brown, are going to tell us—here is what 1 meant to tell
oti-and this is far fror Lue truth
I know of nothing else to ask him. I think we have explored every-
Mr. Stratton, have you had any afterthoughts?
Mr. STRATTon. «Just one quastion.
Was there not a sighting, back it sons to me in 1947, when an objer.
was observed on radar, either at National Airport or Bolling,
coming in and going oul?
It suers to me there was also a Fisual
sighting that tent along with that.
Do Jou-Major Quintanilla. I don't know how long you have been
following this, but is this in your records at all!
Major QUINTANILlA, I am sure that if the sighting was reported to
the Air Force it is on record, hut I am not aware of this particular
Mr. Stratton, It seems to me both the radar and the reported visual
eighting were relatively in agreement. I just wondered if you were
familiar with it?
The CHaIRMan. Thank you, Mr. Stratton.
Are there any other questions from any other memher of the com-
Mr. IcHoRD. We will be back here at 2:901
The CHAIRMAN. The committee will roconvene at 2:00 for the pur-
pose of taking mp 412,
Dr. Brown,
FA have no more requirement for the major and Dr
Hynek, and the resumption of the hearing this afternoon will be in
executive session.
It will have to do with 412. We will take up where we left off.
do want to meet this afternoon, and tomorrow, and maybe tomorrow
Then I think we may he ahle to finish with Dr. Brown before the
recess.
producing this information.
At 2:30, De. Brown. And I want to thank you, Dr. Brown, for
(Whereupon, at 11:06 a.m. the committee was adjourned to recon-
ene at 2:30 p.m. of the same day.)
