{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T06:52:18Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1181039, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/review-of-the-university-of-colorado-report-on-unidentified-flying-objects-by-a-panel-of-the-national-academy-of-sciences.pdf", "source_sha256": "8451543e9f4bf00333e131bff621570b321a006cbbe07dd5cdd0b4af3ddc1987"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 74, "chars": 525, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AFOSR
69- 1276TR
AD 688541
REVIIW
OF THE
UNIVERSTTY OF COLORADO REPORI ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
BY A.
PANEL OF TIL NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES
D DC
JUN 1 2 1969
B
Copyright, National Acadeny of Sciences, 1969. This boui,
or any parts thereof
reproduerson en pensa, de in part paraitre de en -
use oi the united states Government.
:
produced by t
LEARINGHOUS
or rodoral Scientific & Technica
niormation Springfiold Va. 2215
2. Inis document has been approved for pubilo
soloase and sale; ita distribution is unlinited.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 363, "chars": 2540, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12:-
Reviet?
of the
Colorado Report on Unidentified Flying Objcels
by a
Panel, of the National Acadary of Sciences
The Panel was appointed in the latter part of October and
early November 1968.
The charge to the Panel was "to provide an
independent assessment of the scopc, methodology, änd findings of
the (University of Colorado) study as reflected in the (Universily's)
Report."
While the Panc! largely restricted its review to this
charge, it was thought boin appropriate and necessary that the
Pancl becone familiar with various scientific points of view as
presented in other publicațions and reports by technically trained
¡persons.
It was not the task of the Panel to conduct its own study
of uFOs or to invite advocates, scientifically trained or not; of
varíous points of view to hearings.
The task was to study the
University's Report and to assess:
Farst, its scope; namcly,
did the report, in the opinion of the Panel, cover those topics
that a scientific study of UFO phenomena should have embraced?
Second, its methodology; namely, did the Report, in the opinion
of the panet; reveal, an acceptable scientilic methodology and
approach to the subject!
Third, its findings; namely, were the
-conclusions and interpretations warrantêd by the evidence and
analyses as presented in the Report and were they reasonable?
In the course of its reviey the Panel consulted papers on
same subject by technically trained persons (for example,
Willian Markowit%,
"The Physics and Metaphysics of unidentifind
Flying Ohjects, " Science, 15? (1967), pp.
1274-79
James E.
"Science,.
Technology, and UFOs, " presented. January 26,
1968, at a Gengral Semini, of the United Aircraft: Rescarch
Laboracories, rast Hartfo, I, Connecțicut.
James E. McDonald,
"UFOs - An International Scientific
Probleni," presented March 12,
1968, at the Canadian Aeronautics and Space Institute Astronautics
Symposium, Montreal, Canada.
James E. McDonald,
"Statement on
International Scientific Aspects of the Problems of Unidontified
Flying Objects," sent to the United Nations on June 7, 1967.
Don ld H. Menzel, Flying Säucers,
Harvard University
Press
(Cambridge, 1952). Donald H. Menzel and Lyic G. Boyd, The World
of Flying Saucers, Doubleday (New Yorki, 1903).
Roport of Teetings
January 17-18,1553
Asivisory lord ad hos Cormittce to
Review Project ine Book
March,
1966.
- Symposium on Unidentified laying Oniccts, Hearings
beforo the Confetco or seience ard N: tronduties, T1.3." House of
Representatives, Ninetirth Congress, Second Session, July 29, 1908).

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 373, "chars": 2472, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 3÷
The Panel began its review inmediatcly after the Report
became avagladle on November 15; 1968, by an initial reading of
the Report by each member of the Panel during a two-week periodi
The Panel convened on racember ? for a discussion of members'
' initial assessments, for consideration of the Panel's charge
(scope, methodology, and findings in the Report), and for de-
lineation of further steps in its review.
The latter included
the study of other documents presenting views and findings of
cechnically trained persons (e.Ö., the documents cited alr v! 5
further examination of the Report's summary and findings.
further directed study of specialized chapters of the Report by
appropriate members of the Panel. Extensive discussion, böth
by cerrespondence and by telephone, occurred during this perzoo.
The Fanel met again on January 6, 1909, to conclude its deliberations
and to prepare its findings, which are presented below:
Is SCOPE
The study by the University of Colorado commenced in October
196G: and continued for about two jears.
Case studies of 59 reports
of UFOs are presented in detail, with 68 plates; of these, ten
reports predated the project, but were so well documented that
they were included.
A chapter is devoted to uros: in history, one
to UFO study prograns in foreign countries, and one to UFOs reported
in the 20 years preceding the study.
Ten chapters are devoted to
perceptual problems, processes of perception and reporting; psycho»
logical aspects of UFO reports, optiês, radar, sonic boom, atmospheric
clectricity and plasma interprotations, balloons, instrumentation
for UFO searches, and statistical analyses.
(Iventy-iour appendixos
add detailed tochnical background to the study, Volume 4 concludes
with an index of 27 pages.)
In our opinion the scope of the study was adequate to its
purpose? a solentific study of "ut phenomena..
II. METHODOLOGY
As a rule, fielu trips were made tó investigate UFO reports
only if they were less than a year old,.
The Report states that
nearly all uto sightin
are of short duration,
seldon lasting an
hour and usually for a lew minutes.
Thus most investigations co.
sistei of interviews with persöns who made rcports.
Three teams,
usually consisting of two persons each (a physical scientist nu
• a psy hologist), fene omployed in field investigations where tele-
phonis comunice tion with uro sighting individuals gave hope of
guining added information.
The aim was to get a team to the
site

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 381, "chars": 2564, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=4-
as quickly as possible after a reported sighting. (It was found
that nearly al cases could de classifted in such categories as
pronks, hoaxes, naive interpretations, and varicus types of mis-
interpretations.
A few events, which
did not fit tliese categories,
are left unexplaincd.:)
Matérials and conditions amenable to Inboratory approaches
were investigated " c,9., alleged UFO parts by chemical analysis,
automobile ignition future by simulation studies, and UFO photography
by photogramnetric analyses. (Of 35 photographic cases investigated,
nine are said to give evidence of probable fabrication, seven are
classified as natural or man-made phenomena, twelve provided in-
süfficient data 'for analysis; and seven were considered to be
possible fabrications; none proved to be "real objects with high
strängeness.".)
Technically trained personnel were utilized by the Univeršity.
The University group included a sub-group on field investigations
of UFO reports; their narration and interpretations of casés are
reasonable and adéquate.
Leading groups were engaged under contract
for specialized work - erg., Stanford Research Institute on radar
aromalies and a subsidiary of the Raytheon Corporation for photo-
grammetric analyses.
Divergent views of those few scientists who
have looked into UFOs were taken into account.
The history of the
subject was also surveyed, including the experiences in sone other
'nations.
Finally, extensive use was made of many specialists in
various public and private laboratories.
The Report makes clear that with the best means at our dis-
posa, positive correlation of all UFO reports with identifiable,
known phenomena is not possible.
No study, past, current or future,
can provide the basis inr stating categorically that a familiar
prenomenon will necessarily be linkable to every sighting. The
Report iș free of dogmatism on this matter.
It is also clear,
as one goes through the descriptions of UFO sightings; whether in
the Report or in other literature; that while some incidents have
no pusitive identification with familiar phenomena, they also have
no poșitive identification with extraterrestrial visitors or artifacts.
accordane think teeth song and rich emerson, in
ITI. FINDINGS
The study concludes (a) that about 90 percent of all UFO
reports prove to bé quite plausibly related to ordinary phenomena,
(by that little if anything has come from the study of uros in the
past 21 years that has added to scientific knowledge, and (c) that
further extensive study of UFO sightings is not. justified in the

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2510, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=5÷
expectation thut science with be advanced thenely. At the samo
time it is emphasized in the Report that (c) is an option based
on evidence now available.
The Report's findings and evaluations - essentially eight
in number, presented in its first section are concerned with
official secrecy, on UFOs UFOS aS
" possibie defense hazard, the
future governmental har Ming of uro-sighting repoits, and five
of them relate to the question of what if any further investigations
of uFOs appear warranted in the light of the study
and summarize these findings and valuations balow; appending our
comments.
secrecyti. me seneck und the sus for this content or a al.
we accept this finding of the study.
'2.
On defense. ! (ai) Is there evidence that UFO sightings
may represent a defense hazard? No such evidence came to light.
in the study.
" This, hovever, was not an objective of the study
and was properly construed as a Department of Defense matter f
(b) The Report states:
ine history of the past 21 years fas
repeatedly led Air Force officers to the conclusion that none of
the things seen, or thought to have been seen, which pass by the
name of UFO reports, constituted any hazard or threat to nationa!!
security."
We concur with the position doscribed in (a).
As to (b),
we found no evidence in the Report or other Literature to contradict
the quoted statonent.
On future uru sightings.
what, It anything, the federal governnent should do about the uto
report it receives fron the general public?" The Report found no
basis for activity related to such sighting reports lin the ex-
pectation that they are going to contribute to the advance of science,
but the Depantment of Defense should handle these in jits normal
surveilance operations wichout rieed for such special units as
Project: Blue Book.
We concur in this recommendation.
4=8.
Or further investigations.
(4) should the Tederal:
government
"set up a major new agency, as some have suggested.
thie scientific study of UFOs"?
recompendation of this kind.
The study found no basis for
Would further extonsive study
of uro sightings contribute to science?
"Our, goncral conclusion
is that nothing has cone fron the study of to in the past 21
yu! tuit his added to stientifie knowledges!
The Report thọn
noter th t specifie reseirch topes any warront consideration:
"thore are important areas ef inospherde opties, inchnesing
idio luv propagation,
aki of ammonderie electricity in which
preseni knovledge is quite incomplete.
These topics came to our

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 2755, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-6 -
attertion in connection vith the interpretation of some UFO reports,
bit tley are also of fundamental scientific interest, and they are
relevule to practical problem, related to the improvenent of safety
of military ond civilian flyi...
Research efforts are being carricd
out In? these areas by the Department of Defense, the Environmental
science Services Administration, the National Aeronautics and Space
Administration, and by universitics and norprofit resturch organi-
zations such as the National Center for Atmospheric Research, whosc
work is sponsored by the National Science Foundation."
The Report also observes (7) that UFO reports and beliefs
are also of
interest to "the social scientist and the communications
specialist."
the study suggests (8) that "scientists with adequace training and
credentials who do come up with a clearly defined, specific proposal"
should he supported, implying that normal competitive procedures and
assessirents of: proposals should be followed here as is customary.
We concur with these evaluations and recomendations.
IV. PANEL CONCLUSION
The range of topics in the Report is extensive and its various
chapters, dealing with many aspects of the subject, should prove of
value to scholars in many fields. Its analyses and findings are
pertinent and useful in any In ure assessment of activity in inis
field.
we concur in the recommundation suggesting that no high
ufiority in UFO investigations is varranted by data of the past
two decades.
We are unanimous in the opinion that this has been a very
creditable effort to apply objectively the relevant techniques of
science to the solution of the uFO problem.
The Report recognizes
that there remain UFO sightings that are not easily explained. The
Report does suggest, however, so many reasonabic and possible
directions
in which an explanation may cventually be found, that there seems to
be no reason to attribute then to an extraterrestrial source without
evicence that is much more convincing.
the Report also shows how
ditricult it is to apply scientific methods to the occasional
transient sightings with any chance of success.
while further study
or particular aspects of the topic (e.g., atinospheric phenomena)
may be uselll, a study of urOs in general is not a promising way
to expand scientific understanding of the phenomena.
On the basis
of present knowledge the least likoly explanation of UFOs is the
hypothesis of extraterrestrial visitations by intelligent beings.
-- Gerald M. Clemence, chairman; I. R. Cranc, David M. Dennison,
walLace o. fenn, hi. Kefter Hartline, E. R. Hilgard, Mark Kac,
Francis w. Reschelderfer, Will; in W. Rubey, C. D. Shane, Oswald G.
Villard, Jr.
Attachments:
• - List of Panel Memhers
- Letter of Transmittal

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 487, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MEMBERS OF THE REVIEW PANEL
Berald M.. Clemence, Chairman
Yale University
H. R. Crane
University of Michigan
David M. Dennison
University of Michigan
Wallace o. Fenr.
University of Arnester
H. Keffer Ha. wline
The Rockefeller Thiversity
E. R. Hilgard
Stanford University
Mark Kac
The Rockefeller University
Franciș W. Reichelderfer
Washington, D.C.
William W. Rubey
University of California
at Los Angeles
C. D. Shane
Santa Cruz, California
Oswald G. Villard, Jr
Stanford University
1..

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 226, "chars": 1490, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES
OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT
RIDI COMSTITUTION AVINUE
WASHiNQTON. 0.6.854104
The ionorable Alexander H. Flax
Assistant Secretary of the Air Force
Washington, D. C. 20330
Dear Dr. Flax:
Following your reguest of October 29, 1968, the
Academy appointed a panel of its members to review
the report of the University of Colorado study group
on Unidentified Flying Objects.
As you know, a final draft of this report was
made available to the panel on November 15, 1968.
Under the chairmanshio of Dr. Gerald Clemence the
panel has devoted substantial time and effort to a
careful review of the scope, methodology ard find..
ings of the Colorado study group and has prepared
and unanimously approved the attached report, whin
I am pleased to transmit on behalf of the panel.
The Academy accepted this task because of its
belief in the importance of making available to the
government and the public a careful assessment of the
scientific significance of UFO phenomena which have
been variously imarpreted both in this country ard
abroad.
Substantial questions have been raised
as to
the adequacy of our research and investigation pro-
. grams to explain or to determine the nature of these
sometimes puzziing reports oi observea phenomena.
If 1s my hope that the colorado report, together
with
our panel review, will be helpful to you and other
responsible officials in determining the nature and
scope of any continuing research effort in this area.
:
:
January 8, 1969
i

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 272, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-e--
..
:
•
The Honorable Alexarder H. Flax
January 8, 1969
Page Iwo
Its use in whole or part for any other purpose woul
be incompatible with the purpose of the review
the conditions under which it was conducted.
Sincerely yours,
eit
Frederick
fitz
President
Attachment
:

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 283, "chars": 2077, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LAC
DOCUMENT CONTROL DATA - R & D
AD 688541
former cleotiftession of tills, hods négareas, and irdean; annuum cust lt erised uhri die osurall report in slusattied
ORIGINA
" HEFC SECURITYIA MICATION
National Academy of Sciences
UNC
2101 Constitutior Ave. N.".
Washington, D.C. 20418
REVIEW OF THE UNIVERSITY OF COLORITO REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYNG OBJECTS
BY A PANEL OF THE NATIONAL ACADD.:
SCIENCES
Scientiiic
Special
3. AUTHORIST (first rare, middle initial, Inserame.
Gerald M. Clemence, chaiman
REPORT SATE
8 January 1969
Ba. CONTRAC: OR GRANT NO
F18600-67-0-0071 and AFOSK 01-5-c3-ul.a
B. FROJECT HO
9730
". IOTAL NO OFPISES
ID. NO OF FFFS
9
YA. ORIGINATOR'S REPORT VUMBERISI
c. 611025
TERREPORT 1015 (Ant nther numbers that mis be assianed
d. 681310
AFOR 69 - 1276TR
DISTRIBUTiON S-ATEMEN I. This document has been approved for public release and sale;
its distribution is unlimited. The copyright notation does not prohibit the un-
Limited distribution of this report by the U.S. Government by reasons of the pro-
ViSions of contract F18600-67-6-0072 by and between the VAS, and the cooyright holder
'TECH. OTHER
H2 AFSC (SCGS for AFOSR)
ADa
Andrews AFB
AD
ABSTRAC
Washington, V.C. 20331
" The ad hoc conmittee concurs with ine findings of the report of the University of
Colorado entitled "Scientific Study of Unidentified Flying Objects, " Dr. Edward U.
Condon, Scientific Director: Panel agrees that a study of UFOs in general is not
a promising way to expand scientific understaniing of the phenomena,
the basis of present knowledge the least likely explanation of UFOs
thesis of extraterrestrial visitations by intelligent beings."! (NOTE: under the
provisions of the subject contract, the Government has acquired all necessary rights
in the torementioned report to pemit its unlimited reproduction and distribution
for any and all Guvernment purposes, notwithstanding the report's copyright notation:
"Copyright, National Academy of Sciences, 1969".)
It. Keywords:
NAS review
Clemence report
UFOs
Condon report
University of Coloraco report
DD Hew.1473
sun en
• '
