{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T20:21:33Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1899359, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/schmidt-reinhold.pdf", "source_sha256": "2034f68b671e6f990e352aab6eea42f78584ce778a59757760a6a2da15c6a444"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 435, "chars": 3016, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S. Department of Justice
FEDERAL
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Washington, D.C. 20535
November 3, 2020
MR. JOHN GREENEWALD JR.
SUITE 1203
27305 WEST LIVE OAK ROAD
CASTAIC, CA 91384-4520
FOIPA Request No.: 1408025-000
Subject: SCHMIDT, REINHOLD
Dear Mr. Greenewald:
This is in response to your Freedom of Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA) request. Please see the
paragraphs below for relevant information specific to your request as well as the enclosed FBI FOIPA
Addendum for standard responses applicable to all requests. Please read each item carefully
The FBI can neither confirm nor deny the existence of records responsive to your request
pursuant to FOIA Exemptions (b)(1) and (b)(3) [5 U.S.C.§ 552 (b)(1) and (b)(3)]. The FBI is an intelligence
agency as well as a law enforcement agency. In its capacity as an intelligence agency, the FBI compiles
records while carrying out its responsibilities to investigate threats to national security and gather foreign
intelligence.
The nature of your request implicates records the FBI may or may not compile pursuant to its
national security and foreign intelligence functions. Accordingly, the FBI cannot confirm or deny the
existence of any records about your subject as the mere acknowledgment of the existence or nonexistence
of such records is itself a classified fact protected by FOIA exemption (b)(1) and/or would reveal
intelligence sources, methods, or activities protected by exemption (b)(3); 50 USC § 3024ii)(1).
Please refer to the enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for additional standard responses applicable to
your request. "Part 1" of the Addendum includes standard responses that apply to all requests. "Part 2"
includes additional standard responses that apply to all requests for records about yourself or any third party
individuals. "Part 3" includes general information about FBI records that you may find useful. Also
enclosed is our Explanation of Exemptions.
For questions regarding our determinations, visit the www.fbi.gov/foia website under "Contact Us."
The FOIPA Request number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all
correspondence concerning your request.
If you are not satisfied with the Federal Bureau of Investigation's determination in response to this
request, you may administratively appeal by writing to the Director, Office of Information Policy (OIP), United
States Department of Justice, 441 G Street, NW, 6th Floor, Washington, D.C. 20530, or you may submit an
appeal through OIP's FOIA STAR portal by creating an account following the instructions on OP's website:
https://www.justice.gov/oip/submit-and-track-request-or-appeal. Your appeal must be postmarked or
electronically transmitted within ninety (90) days of the date of my response to your request. If you submit
your appeal by mail, both the letter and the envelope should be clearly marked "Freedom of Information Act
Appeal." Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 113, "chars": 875, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
You may seek dispute resolution services by contacting the Office of Government Information
Services (OGIS). The contact information for OGIS is as follows: Office of Government Information
Services, National Archives and Records Administration, 8601 Adelphi Road-OGIS, College Park, Maryland
20740-6001, e-mail at ogis@nara.gov; telephone at 202-741-5770; toll free at 1-877-684-6448: or facsimile
at 202-741-5769. Alternatively, you may contact the FBl's FOIA Public Liaison by emailing
foipaquestions@fbi.gov. If you submit your dispute resolution correspondence by email, the subject heading
should clearly state "Dispute Resolution Services." Please also cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned
to your request so it may be easily identified.
Sincerely,
Michael G. Seidel
Section Chief,
Record/Information
Dissemination Section
Information Management Division
Enclosures

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 681, "chars": 4961, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FBI FOIPA Addendum
As referenced in our letter responding to your Freedom of Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA) request, the FBI FOIPA
Addendum provides information applicable to your request. Part 1 of the Addendum includes standard responses that apply
to all requests. Part 2 includes standard responses that apply to requests for records about individuals to the extent your
request seeks the listed information. Part 3 includes general information about FBI records, searches, and programs.
Part 1: The standard responses below apply to all requests:
(i)
(ii)
Intelligence Records. To the extent your request seeks records of intelligence sources, methods, or activities, the
FBI can neither confirm nor deny the existence of records pursuant to FOIA exemptions (b)(1), (b)(3), and as applicable to
requests for records about individuals, PA exemption (i)(2) [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a (b)(1), (b)(3), and (i)(2)]. The mere
acknowledgment of the existence or nonexistence of such records is itself a classified fact protected by FOIA exemption
(b)(1) and/or would reveal intelligence sources, methods, or activities protected by exemption (b)(3) [50 USC §
3024(i)(1)]. This is a standard response and should not be read to indicate that any such records do or do not exist.
Part 2: The standard responses below apply to all requests for records on individuals:
(i)
any individual's name on a watch list pursuant to FOIA exemption (b)(7)(E) and PA exemption (i)(2) [5 U.S.C. §S
do not exist.
(i)
Requests for Records about any Individual-Witness Security Program Records. The FBI can neither confirm
nor deny the existence of records which could identify any participant in the Witness Security Program pursuant to
FOIA exemption (b) (3) and PA exemption (i)(2) [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a (b)(3), 18 U.S.C. 3521, and (i)(2)]. This is a
standard response and should not be read to indicate that such records do or do not exist.
(ill)
Requests for Records for Incarcerated Individuals. The FBI can neither confirm nor deny the existence of records
which could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any incarcerated individual pursuant to
FOIA exemptions (b)(7)(E), (b)(7)(F), and PA exemption (i)(2) [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a (b)(7)(E), (b)(7)(F), and (i)(2)].
This is a standard response and should not be read to indicate that such records do or do not exist.
Part 3: General Information:
(1)
(ii)
Record Searches. The Record/Information Dissemination Section (RIDS) searches for reasonably described records by
searching systems or locations where responsive records would reasonably be found. A standard search normally
consists of a search for main files in the Central Records System (CRS), an extensive system of records consisting of
applicant, investigative, intelligence, personnel, administrative, and general files compiled by the FBI per its law
enforcement, intelligence, and administrative functions. The CRS spans the entire FBI organization, comprising records
of FBI Headquarters, FBI Field Offices, and FBI Legal Attaché Offices (Legats) worldwide; Electronic Surveillance
(ELSUR) records are included in the CRS. Unless specifically requested, a standard search does not include references,
administrative records of previous FOIPA requests, or civil litigation files. For additional information about our record
searches, visit www.fbi.gov/services/information-management/foipa/requesting-fbi-records.
FBI Records. Founded in 1908, the FBI carries out a dual law enforcement and national security mission. As part of this
dual mission, the FBI creates and maintains records on various subjects; however, the FBI does not maintain records on
every person, subject, or entity.
(ili)
(iv)
Requests for Criminal History Records or Rap Sheets. The Criminal Justice Information Services (CJIS) Division
provides Identity History Summary Checks - often referred to as a criminal history record or rap sheet. These criminal
history records are not the same as material in an investigative "FBI file." An Identity History Summary Check is a
listing of information taken from fingerprint cards and documents submitted to the FBI in connection with arrests,
federal employment, naturalization, or military service. For a fee, individuals can request a copy of their Identity History
Summary Check. Forms and directions can be accessed at www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/identity-history-summary-
checks. Additionally, requests can be submitted electronically at www.edo.cjis.gov. For additional information, please
contact CJIS directly at (304) 625-5590.
National Name Check Program (NNCP). The mission of NNCP is to analyze and report information in response to
name check requests received from federal agencies, for the purpose of protecting the United States from foreign and
domestic threats to national security. Please be advised that this is a service provided to other federal agencies.
Private Citizens cannot request a name check.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 643, "chars": 4670, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(b)(1)
(b) (2)
(b) (3)
(b)(4)
(b)(5)
(b)(6)
(b) (7)
(b)(8)
(b)(9)
(d)(5)
(i)(2)
(k)(1)
(k)(2)
(k)(3)
(K)(4)
(k)(5)
(k)(6)
(k)(7)
EXPLANATION OF EXEMPTIONS
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552
(A) specifically authorized under criteria established by an Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign
policy and (B) are in fact properly classified to such Executive order;
related solely to the internal personnel rules and practices of an agency;
specifically exempted from disclosure by statute (other than section 552b of this title), provided that such statute (A) requires that the
matters be withheld from the public in such a manner as to leave no discretion on issue, or (B) establishes particular criteria for withholding
or refers to particular types of matters to be withheld;
trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential;
inter-agency or intra-agency memorandums or letters which would not be available by law to a party other than an agency in litigation with
the agency;
personnel and medical files and similar files the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy;
records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes, but only to the extent that the production of such law enforcement records
or information (A) could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings, ( B) would deprive a person of a right to a
fair trial or an impartial adjudication, ( C.) could reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy, (D)
could reasonably be expected to disclose the identity of confidential source, including a State, local, or foreign agency or authority or any
private institution which furnished information on a confidential basis, and, in the case of record or information compiled by a criminal law
enforcement authority in the course of a criminal investigation, or by an agency conducting a lawful national security intelligence
investigation, information furnished by a confidential source, (E) would disclose techniques and procedures for law enforcement
investigations or prosecutions, or would disclose guidelines for law enforcement investigations or prosecutions if such disclosure could
reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law, or (F) could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any
individual;
contained in or related to examination, operating, or condition reports prepared by, on behalf of, or for the use of an agency responsible for
the regulation or supervision of financial institutions; or
geological and geophysical information and data, including maps, concerning wells.
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552a
information compiled in reasonable anticipation of a civil action proceeding;
material reporting investigative efforts pertaining to the enforcement of criminal law including efforts to prevent, control, or reduce crime
or apprehend criminals;
information which is currently and properly classified pursuant to an Executive order in the interest of the national defense or foreign
policy, for example, information involving intelligence sources or methods;
investigatory material compiled for law enforcement purposes, other than criminal, which did not result in loss of a right, benefit or
privilege under Federal programs, or which would identify a source who furnished information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity
would be held in confidence;
material maintained in connection with providing protective services to the President of the United States or any other individual pursuant
to the authority of Title 18, United States Code, Section 3056;
required by statute to be maintained and used solely as statistical records;
investigatory material compiled solely for the purpose of determining suitability, eligibility, or qualifications for Federal civilian
employment or for access to classified information, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person who furnished
information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence;
testing or examination material used to determine individual qualifications for appointment or promotion in Federal Government service
the release of which would compromise the testing or examination process;
material used to determine potential for promotion in the armed services, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person
who furnished the material pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence.
FBI/DOJ

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com
