{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T06:39:05Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 21, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1170979, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/the-very-high-speed-transit-system-august-1972-rand-corporation.pdf", "source_sha256": "6c4456203de59d7910d49be78b13306f6080dfb7f95e8f56a3df87180b280b33"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 20, "chars": 156, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE

National Technical Information Service

AD-A032 172

The Very High Speed
Transit System

Rand Corp Santa Monico Calif

Aug 72

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 329, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ee)

27076

ADAGSZ172

THE VERY HIGh SPEED TRANSIT SYSTEM

-"

R. M. Salter
DO
Ms ipa 9
August 1972 rin ey ee.
ts yoy 19 a |
TB
P-4874
REPRODUCED BY
NATIONAL TECHNICAL

INFORMATION SERVICE
U.S DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
SPRINGFIELD, VA. 2216]

UTION STATEMENT A}

! Approvad tcr pubic roleazse;
| Netrnitutco Unbmuted
— a

_—eOon a

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 54, "chars": 316, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Any views expressed in this poper are those of the authors. They
should not be interpreted os reflecting the views of The Rond
Corporation or the official opinion or policy of any of its gover-
mental or private research sponsors. Popers are reproduced by The
Rand Corporation as a courtesy to members of its staff.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 318, "chars": 2052, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE VERY HIGH SPEED TRANSIT SYSTEM
The Concept
The Very High Speed Transit or "VHST" concept was put forward
some years ago in response to the search for a pollution-free trans-
port method that could operate at speeds competitive with aircraft.
The general principles are relatively straightforward: electroniag-
netically levitated and propelled cars in an evacuated tunnel.
The VHST is predicated as an addition to the future transporta-
tion scene and will offer rot only a fast and convenient transit
method but also a tunnel complex to house utility transmission and
auxiliary freight-carrying systems.
It is assumed that future transportation approaches will be ex-
tensions of present ones, including subways for local mass transit
and automobiles for the bulk of intracity and intercity travel. Autos
have performed over 90 percent of the travel between cities over the
last two decades; although it is not predicted that this will sig-
nificantly decrease, it is expected that there will be improvements
in automotive vehicles to make them safer and environmentally accept-
able, that there will be improved mass transit (with added "people-
mover" systems) to handle local traffic, and that much better inter-
faces will be established between these modes of travel. The VHST
is designed to connect directly with local systems. It is visualized
that a passenger steps off a subway (or a people-mover from an auto
parking facility) and gets on a VHST vehicle in the same terminal.
The VHST's "tubecraft" ride on, and are driven by, electromag-
netic (EM) waves much as a surfboard rides the ocean's waves. The EM
waves are generated by pulsed or by oscillating currents in electrical
conductors that form the "roadbed" structure in the evacuated "tube-
way." Opposing magnetic fields in the vehicle are generated by mean:
of a loop of superconducting cable carrying on the order of a million
amperes of current.
The system is highly conservative of energy. The tubetrain is
accelerated to its maximum velocity, coasts for a brief period, and

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 351, "chars": 2222, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-2-
then is decelarate. Nearly all the power -nes into kinetic energy;
in accelerating, it emplo;s the energy of the surrounding EM fields,
but like trolley cars of the past, in decelerating, it returns this
energy to the system. Its optimized electrical drive system is quite
efficient, and further, it does not have to squander unrecoverable
energy in climbing to high altitudes, as does an aircraft.
What sort of speeds are needed and how might these be achieved?
Speeds as high as 14,000 mph have been examined in studies by the Rand
Corporation
(in an example case of a direct link between Los Angeles
and New York requiring 21 minutes transit time). The speeds required
will certainly be on the order of thousands of miles per hour on the
long-haul links.
Because of the rather considerable expenst of the tunnels, it is
probable that the first VHST system will not rely on a direct nonstop
LA-NY link, but rather one that stops at two intermediate staging
points. If the route is in several segments, additional flexibility
is gained in routing and some latitude is given in the schedule for
acceleration. There will be intermediate inks in the overall system
of up to several hundred miles; in these, compatible sneeds wil' be
commensurately lower.
figure 1 schematically illustrates an overall system. Vehicles
from feeder links are phased into the ends and two interchange points
of the main coast-to-coast channel. Likely intermediate terminals
are Amarillo and Chicago. A search for an optimal routing would pre-
sent an interesting and challenging problem, requiring an extensive
data bank of physiographic information.
There also would be subsidiary lines coming into the two main
terminals from such places as San Francisco, Boston, and Denver. The
best routing for any particular trip would be shown on a computer dis-
play, continuously updated, which would indicate whether a through
tubetrain or a combination of shorter hops would be the faster mode.
It should be noted that certain features relating to vehicle con-
trol and damping, accommodation of earth tremors, hull construction,
and passengt. comfort are presently under patent investigation by the
Rand Corp ation and cannot be discussed here.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 335, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Seattle
Portland
• Sacramento
San Francisco
Los Angeles
San Diego
E3AВ3 LLITISYIVA8/AL10182510
B0ILT91.ML991
SILN
White Sectlea
ROCESSION for
00
Minneapol4 -St Paul
Denver
St. louis
Amarillo
Dallas
Houston
The VHST route sistem
Detrolt
go
Cincinnall
Washington
nabora
Atlanta
Ista
2 New Orleane
Jacksoaville
Buston
Liew
York
Ladelphia

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 323, "chars": 2229, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-4-
Environmenta! Benefits
Transportation systems pose well known problems to the environ-
ment. The bitter controversy over the sonic booms of the SST has per-
haps obscured some other environmental effects of the SST -- and air-
craft in general. None of the energy required to levitate and propel
the aircraft is recoverable; it all goes intr the atmosphere along
with combustion products. Long-term buildup of these products in the
upper atmosphere is a matter of concern, and is a process that we are
just beginning to understand. As aircraft become faster, airports
must become more remote and operating altitudes higher, both aspects
contributing further to environmental problems.
The use of a tubetrain would alleviate these hazards to the en-
vironment; aesthetic considerations, advantageous relocatien of utili-
ties, and protection against sabotage would also suggest the desirability
of underground tunnels for these systems. Right-of-way costs, surface
congestion, grade separation problems, and noise pollution would be
eliminated.
Sharing of facilities could help pay the high cost of such tunnels.
Included among these contemplated underground systems are pipelines
for oil, water, gas, waste disposal, and slurries of materials such
as coal and other bulk cormodities; communication links, including
channels for lasers and microwave waveguides; electrical power trans-
mission lines such as superconducting cables; and passenger and freight-
hauling systems.
Superconducting power cables will require a controlled environment
to protect the cryogenic refrigeration system that makes superconduction
feasible. A controlled-access tunnel is a virtual necessity for such
a system. Inis type of power cable will alleviate many of the problems
of siting of future power stations, since they can be located at great
distances from the user and yet suffer negligible power losses in trans-
mission. Nuciear reactors, for example, could be located in colder re-
gions and the thermal effects of their cooling effluent employed in
such usefui ways as to enhance grown in fish "farms."
Laser communication channels along with "repeater" siations will
most certainly require the protection of an enciosed channel. Since

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 324, "chars": 2150, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-5-
the tunnels have limited diameter and follow the earth's curvature"
while the laser propagates in a straight line, there will be a number
of stations needed to refresh and redirect the lass • beams. Many
thousands of video channels are visualized for these future laser links.
Economic Aspects
Subways are an example of a short-haul transport system that can
warrant the costs of underground facilities because of the high volume
of traffic that they iandle. In the medium-haul regime it would be
difficult to build a case for going underground except as demanded by
envirommental considerations. The question is: Can underground trans-
port be justified on a longer-haul basis? Tentative analyses show that
underground long-haul domestic travel can pay for itself, even withou:
mutual economic benefits from sharing the tunnel complex with othe:
underground systems.
Such a system must operate at very high speeds in order to compete
with the alternative modes of travel (i.e., aircraft). It further must
take advantage of its underground character that permits its integration
with local transit systems (i.e., subwiys and penple-movers). The con-
venience of such an integrated system will help build the passenger vol-
ume needed to put the overall system on a self-paying basis.
Economics of the system are based upon high volume induced through
overall passenger convenience. Not only does the passenger travel in
total indifference to rain, snow, wind, clouds, or heat la state whici
no node of travel on or above the surface can claim), but the time for
travel from the heart of one city to the heart of another is radically
reducea.
Rand's preliminary investigations have included the above-mentioned
cross country time of 21 minutes, which was a constant one-g acceleration/
deceleration, nonstop case. With this same acceleration and with two
intermediate stops, the coast-to-coast time would be increased from 21
to 37 minutes. For a passenger traveling from San Francisco to Boston,
A tunnel following a chord of the earth's circumference between
Los Angeles and New York would be some 200 miles beneath the surface
at its midpoint.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 396, "chars": 2472, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-б-
the overall time is 51 minutes on a minimum-schedule basis."
If we postulate 100-passenger cars operating on one minute head-
ways in the central corridor, this amourits to almost 290,000 passenger
(or freight equivalent) movements across the country ner day. This
is on the order of 106 million passenger trips per year. If we take
the present total domestic air traffic of 150 million and reduce it to
account for the longer-haul portions only, but also increase it for
future traffic growth, we arrive at a figure similar to that assumed
for the VHST. Another way of looking at it is that this rate is equiva-
lent to cross-country air traffic (including that stopping at major
intermediate terminals such as Chicago) of a dozen or so jumbo jets
per hour. However, if the VHST offers greatly reduced travel time at
a reasonably low fare (say 550 each way), this would undoubtedly cause
new travel patterns to develon and perhaps even create a much larger
demand than the 106 million/year level. Thus the volume assumed here
may be conservative in view of the convenience offered, and since oper-
ating costs are only a few percent of the fare, the fare can be nearly
halved when the volume is doubled.
Assuming the 106 million/year volume at $50 coast-to-coast fare
gives roughly $5.3 billion per year gross revenue, of which (as we will
see later) operating costs are an insignificant fraction. On a 30-year
payout basis, this means we can afford a $90 billion cost for the cen-
trai corridor part of the system. This works out to be about $30 mil-
Tion/mile of double tube system.
Since the amortized cost of the facility is the overriding factor,
we might consider adding additional VHST cars solely for freight pur-
poses. With a 12-fold increase in volume (five-second headways), freight
costs would se around le per ton-mile. Many freight items, including
automobiles, could be carried this way. On this expanded-volume basis
a traveler could take nis car with him for a fare aiout the same as that
for a passenger alone in the previous case.
He would have a number of options, and computer displays would pre-
sent the alternatives, e.g., wait for the next scheduled San Francisco-
*0-Boston car, take a scheduled New York car and disembark for the next
New York-Boston run, or change in both Los Angeles and New York. There
are, of course, other possibilities involving changing cars aê the Texas
and Chicago interchanges, given the system shown in fig. I.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 319, "chars": 2098, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-7-
A complementary steel-wheels-on-rail, 100-mph, heavy freight sys-
tem that readily interfaces with railroad systems and collocates with
the VHST tunnel complex is jescribed later. This latter could move
7 million tons of freight across the country daily. Joint use of the
tunnel complex, as previously discussed, will reduce the effective
cost for any one user.
Technical Aspects
The most demandina technical problem is that of lateral accelera-
tions. A vehicle traveling at 550 mph cannot undergo sharp turns. in
order to keep the magnitude of these sideways forces down to one g!i.e.,
equal to the vehicle's weight) tie radius of bend of the track cannot
be smaller than 4 miles. At 5500 mph this radius must be greater than
400 miles. This requirement imposes strong constraints on the design
of the gu leway and would create a great difficulty if one attempted
to run the VHST tubes above ground.
On the other hand, locating the system underground can overcome
this difficulty and has a number of contingent benefits, narticularly
those of environmentai improvement discussed above. Furthermore, even
at the oresent time, when considering grade crossings. ight-of-way
costs, etc., the cost of a tunnel is not significantly greater thali that
of a surface system -- and this doesn't take into account potential de-
creases in tunneling costs through use of new technology.
Once the assumption is made inat underground tunnels are necessary
in order to travel at speeds competitive with present ' and future) air-
craft, another aspect of the problem becomes evident.
Over 90 percent
of the system cost. will result from the tunrel itself. This situation
applies even if very expensive guideway and vehicle naraware is employed.
Inis then suggests that we can afford to incorporate very sophisticated
transport systems into the tunnei if these systems contrijute to in-
creased utilization of the tunneis in even a smali way. The fact that
tnese sophisticated approaches offer a much greater increase ir. system
capacity sets the optimum cost tradeoff at the nigh-speed end of the
spectrum.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2250, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-8-
In order to attain these high speeds we cannot follow conventional
avenues. Even the presently DoT-supported magnetic levitation (MagLev)
schemes (which utilize passive guideways) are inadequate. What is
needed instead is a fully active guideway system that is highly pre-
cise. Every point in the vehicle's trajectory has an exact design con-
dition that must be met -- only minor excursions are permitted, and
these are continuously corrected for. Thus, for example, at mile 427
the design requirement might be for a speed of 123 mph at a thrust angle
of 47.8° and a thrust force of i.38 g. Every car as it passes this
point must meet this precise requirement.
Careful matching of the thrust vector at every point along the
way will yield high efficiency. Use of a superconducting current 1o0p
in the vehicle to oppose the driving fields of the roadbed stator con-
ductors will provide for a substantial clearance lof the order of a
foot), which is needed in vehicle control at high speeds. The opti-
mized matching process will reduce make-up power into the vehicle's
conductors to a very small amount. Cryogenic fluids (to keep the ve-
hicle's conductors at superconducting temperatures) wiil not be actively
refrigerated underway tut will be replacid at terminal points. Boii-off
wili be stored enroute and recycied at terminals during "turna ound"
of cars.
The conductors in the guideway are heavy bus bars, and currents
are properly phased to levitate, propel, and control the vehicle. Dif-
ferent EM wave forms and propagation methods have been considered. The
nost effeciive mecnanism is a traveling wave, but it requires trigger-
ing circuits and pise-forming networks. The standing-wave approach
requires less electronic hardware but takes about twice as much current
(on the average) in the stator conductors.
A detailed tradeoff analysiş
of these choices nas not yet seen made.
Another tradeoff exists in tre amount of atmosonere in the tunnel.
mign vacuum would require expensive diffusion or ier pumps and much
power. On the other hana, too much air will create arag and heating
probiems. A good compromise is to use vacuur. "roughing" pumps oniy,
to pump down to a pressure of about 0.5 mmi.g (equivalent to 170,000 ft
aititude).

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2169, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-д-
At these pressures the air molecules essentially travel on inde-
pendent pat's (Newtonian flow condition) and the vehicie drag is a
function of the presented area only. Streamlining is thus not required.
Heating takes place only at the nose and this is negligible. However,
there will be a heat shield incorporated to protect against heating
caused by air in the turnel should a major leak occur. If the final
design requires that the cars be cooled, a self-contained heat reservoir
can be used that is recharged during turnaround.
Assuming a pumpdown to a vacuum of 0.5 mHa in approximately nine
hours, the 5,000 miles of vacuum shell would require only $78 million
in pumps (two 2600 cfm roughing pumps per mile). Furthermore, there
would be cons.derable over-capacity for handling leakage. (Normal leak
rate is estimated at 77 liters/sec/mile.) The power to maintain the
vacuum is not negligible and is of the order of the operating power
for the cars. (Total power cost, on the other hand, is small compared
to fare revenues or amortized system investment costs.)
At terminal points there must be a quick-opening gate (or gates)
and differential pumping to maintain the tube vacuum. Guillotine-type
doors can be considered ard ran be automatically timed for the passage
of the vehicle. The door would be somewhat larger than the enclosure
so that it could be set in motion before actual opening or closing.
Some sort of a compliant, labyrinth structure can be used to minimize
clearance between vehicle and enclosure at the vacuum locks. The ve-
hicle's speed in this regime is low and optimized to produce the most
satisfactory solution to the vacuum-lock problem.
Tunneling Considerations
As mentioned above, the lateral-acceleration problem is one of
the most difficult of the VHST problems. Assumption of the use of
tunneling will greatly alleviate the problen of proper selection of
a routeway to minimize lateral accelerations -- particularly in the
very hich speed regimes. Even if tunneling does not provide the mini-
mum cost solution, it probably will permit minimizing transit times
and environmental disturbance. Thus both for passenger convenience

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 297, "chars": 2118, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-10-
and for environmental quality, there would be strong justifications
for an all-underground VHST system. To this rationale can be added
the joint benefits from
an underground utility network, other trans-
portation systems sharing the complex, and the potential for defense
purposes.
At the first International Advisory Conference on Tunneling, spon-
sored by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
(OECD), designed to stimulate more rapid progress in tunneling tech-
nology, it was brought out that the technology of tunneling offers
great potential for alleviating a wide range of problems related to
*
urbanization.
At least 8000 miles of tunnels were constructed in
the 1960s, and a survey report showed that demand for tunnel construc-
tion in the 1970s will be at least double this figure.
It is difficult to estimate tunneling costs accurately because
the technology is rapidly changing. A recent study for the Office of
High Speed Ground Transportation (OHSGT) of DoT suggested that the
various future needs for tunnels will create a demand that will cause
a reduction of 30 to 50 percent in tunneling costs and an increase in
tunneling advance rates of 200 to 300 percent. These improvements
can be achieved only by consistent development in all facets of tunnel
construction. New techniques under development involve a systematic
and more automated matching of excavation techniques, tunnel support
installations, transport of excavated material out of -- and construc-
tion materials and personnel into -- the tunnel, liner construction,
and environmental-control concepts.
Inherent limitations of the cyclic or conventional method of
tunneling suggest that the new approaches must include continuous or
semi-continuous excavating machine;. Augmented rotary drills, e.g.,
turbine drills and vibrating-bit drills, have shown some promise.
These have demonstrated sustained advance rates of 200 ft per day with
short-duration rates of 400 ft per day. They are also capable of
drilling holes of perhaps 10 m diameter. Their drawbacks include the
*
Engineering Naws Record, July 2, 1970.

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 344, "chars": 2293, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-11-
difficuliy with which bits are replaced and the frequency of such re-
placement, resulting in more than 50 percent down time. They also ex-
perience difficulties in very hard rock formations, e.g., igneous rock.
High-pressure water jets have been tried as so-called erosion
drills. With these, power requirements are high, and present designs
experience severe nozzle erosion; the necessity for wall and roof support
provides another major problem. Other erosion drills employ abrasive
jets using san or other abrasive materiais, even
steel pellets; these
have been found inefficient and of low speed.
The use of explosives in shaped-charge blasting shows good promise,
altnough the advance rate is slow, and personnel and equipment opera-
ting close to the working face must be protected. Explosive drills,
which employ small charges set off near their tips, have proved high
in cost, although they show good penetration excapt in soft or plastic
rocks.
The "jet-piercing" or flame-jet drill is an example of a prorosed
spallation drill. Lasers, electron beams, and acoustic transducers have
also been investigated. These spallation methods too encounter diffi..
culties with igneous formations. Laser photons and electrons can be
made energetir enough to melt their way through rock, but the process
is highly energy intensive. The "compacting auger," which is essen-
tially a wedge continuously driven forward, needs excessive force to
rperate and is limited to highly porous or unconsolidated material.
Chemical softening of rock: might prove useful to condition the mater-
ial for conventional drills; however, handling difficulties preclude
using chemicals for compiete removal of rock.
All of the above methods of drilling present the problem of debris
removal, especially the faster ones where the removal system is con-
stantly lengthening at a high race of speed. Two systems have been
proposed that hold some promise, according to the aforementiored OHSGT
study:
1. The side-whe l powered drive concept which consists of trains
of cars running on rails, pro'er ed by stationary motors driv-
ing pneumatic-tired wheels acting against the sides of the cars.
2. The hydraulic muck transport system for both horizontal ano
vertical transport of muck, operating in conjunction with

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2262, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 12-
either rail or truck haulage for the transport of incoming
construction materials.
Perhaps the most promising drilling technique of all, however,
and one which provides its own debris-removal syscem, is the rock-melting
drill currently under investigation at the Los Alamos Sciurtific Lab-
oratory (LASL). In preliminary tests, rock-melting has proved to have
a very high advance rate, is efficient in most kinds of rock (especially
igneous, does not rotate so that the hole can be created in any shape,
would not endanger personril, and creates its own lining of strong,
glass-like material. This latter ensures that there need be no constant
shoring-up of walls and ceilings of tunnels, as well as provides a
pressure-tight, impervious lining.
The energy source for the rock-meiting trill (dubbed "Subterrene"
by LASL) is electrical or nuclear. The latter version is compact and
self-contained and would be used in large tunneling operations. It re-
quires 50 MW power, based on 25 percent melting (only an annular region
of rock is melted, the rest removed as core). The drili itself is tung-
sten or a niobium-zirconium alloy. The advance rate is predicted at
100m/day or 12 ft/hr, significantly faster than any other proposed
drilling method. Further research has been proposed on a laser system
for guidance or development of subterranean telemetry or self-contained
pre-programmed guidance systems.
The debris-removal problem is eased by the formation of the glass
lining from some of the rock. Molten rock is forced into cracks in
the surrounding formation as well, adding strength and eliminating
still more debris. The remainder of the excavated material is either
removed as scoriae via a helical debris conveyor contained in the drill
apparatus itself or may be extruded as a glass-covered core (which,
cut into usable sections on the spot, might be easily transported to
construction sites on the surface).
It is evident that with the above-mentioned advances in drilling
and tunneling technology, the most appropriate and efficient method
could be found for advancing through earh type of rock or soil found
along the VHST routeway. Cost tradeoffs would have to be studied in
the light of geologic information on each region. Tunneling could

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 358, "chars": 2288, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 13-
begin in one area with one type of drill concurrently with other areas
and other types of drills.
Exploration and mapping of geologic formations on a vastly expanded
scale over existing data will be necessary for the VHST. Use of smaller
versions of the Subterrene to drill test holes will facilitate a program
of this magnitude.
Each of the above modes of drilling (except most of the Subterrene
cases) requires that a tunnel lining be used. Prestressed high-strength
concrete is a candidate both for the tube's vacuum shell and for tunnel
lining. In previous Rand studies of linings of tunnels for defense pur-
poses, the prospects were discussed for using 10,000 psi concrete, with
distributed polymers and irradiated for bond strengthening. Rand hes
also recently investigated very high flux particle accelerators, which
coulu be applied to make manufacture of such high-strength concrete an
economical process.
However, even present-day prestressed concrete might be suitable.
Nine-foot concrete pipe conduits for the Feather River Water Project
were contracted for at $182/ft, which would equal less than $5 billion
for 5,000 miles of vacuum : hell. Such concrete may be dense enough
for vacuum purposes, but if not, wall coating with plastic or glaze
could be considered. Joints are probably simple sleeve clamps over
O-ring type packaging with some allowance for cocking of one tube sec-
tion relative to the next for alignment changes. Constraint in the
longitudinal direction is considered unnecessary.
It is noteworthy that tunneling at great depths is not much more
difficult than tunneling at shallow depths.
In fact, it may be some-
what easier since the rock at greater depths may be more competent and
consistent. This fact makes it conceptually possible to consider tun-
neling under deep water. A tunnel following the great circle route
from Seattle to Paris would not require going under any ocean deeps,
and in fact, would be under land masses most of the distance; the maxi-
mum depth requirement would be generally less than one mile.
Rand studies of tunnels for harde. ing of defense installations
indicate that except for the additional lift at tunnel ends for material
removal, there should be little difference in tunneling at 5600 ft
versus 200 ft depth.

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 356, "chars": 2289, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-14-
A Companion Freight Transport System
The development of a routeway for a VHST system would offer the
potential for the collocation of an advanced freight transport system
(Fast Rail System or "FRS"). Such a systeni would be designed to irter-
face with existing raflroads and to carry sumitrailers, container cargo,
campers, and items too bulky to fit the configuration of the VHST cars.
Its guideway would be collocated with VHST tunnels and share power and
service installations.
The FRS could consist of a transcontinental link plus several
cross links. Trains would probably travel at 100 mph, would be highly
streamlined, electrically "driven," and would comprise a dozen or so
cars, each of which would be large enough to hold a standard railroad
car. (Cars could be of different sizes to accommodate various rail-
road car sizes or other cargo.)
At 100 mph, with a well streamlined train, the required power per
car is about 100 hp, about equally divided between rolling and air
friction. (Wheeled support is probably the best choice at this speed
and for this purpose -- although a Tracked Air Cushion Vehicle (TACV)
might be found more cost-effective in a tradeoff of power consumption
versus investment.) Some additional power is needed for station-keeping
and for climbing grades. To accelerate to 100 mph in a reasonable dis-
tance would require several hundred horsepower per car. Gravity might
be used to bring cars up to speed from the marshalling yards and to
decelerate them upon return to the yards; a drop of about 300 ft is
needed for the acceleration considered. However, this added constraint
on rail facilities may be more costly than the additional installed
electrical power needed without gravity acceleration.
Loaded standard railway cars would be inserted into tube cars at
marshalling yards. The tube cars in turn could be assembled to form
a train of contiguous surface while being accelerated to tube speed or
individually could be phased into a train in the tube. The cars would
be interconnected to form trains of length sufficient to reduce air
resistance. The trains can be reformed with only slight speed changes
to isolate a siot to add or discharge a car from the system. Input/
output maneuvers could be performed at any point where the roadway

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 314, "chars": 2069, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-15-
altitude was compatible with surrounding territory, making FRS avail-
able to cities and areas where no VHST terminals exist.
Trains would be closely spaced and under phase-locked control.
Coast-to-coast would take about a day in transit, which would obviate
the need fur transcontinental trucking and cut into many air-freight
requirements. It would be a boon to container shipping, offering the
long-sought "land bridge" coast-to-coast link.
Concluding Remarks
We have noted that the VHST system operates in its own rarified
atmosphere at or below ground level, in contrast to high-speed air-
craft, which must climb to iltitude in order to operate in such an
efficient regime. Most of the VHST cases considered at Rand took less
time to go coast-to-coast than an aircraft would spend in climbing.
Also the VHST's efficient use of electrical drive will permit recovery
of most of the power expended in accelerating the vehicle, since during
deceleration it is braked electrically, returning energy to the power
lines. Thus the environment is benefitted both because the VHST is
energy conservative and because it doe: not dump exhaust products and
noise into the atmosphere.
Other environmental benefits seen are those accruing from colloca-
tion of utilities and a companion freight system in the VHST tunnel
complex.
The technical problems associated with the VHST development are
manifold and difficult -- but no scientific breakthroughs are required.
Critical areas include tunne! alignment, vehicle lateral acceleration,
vehicle control and damping, and the tunneling process itself.
The Ralph M. Parsons Company undertook a comprehensive analysis
of the VHST, donating their efforts to Rand because of the future
promise they believe the VHST of ors. Their study assumed the use of
the drill-and-blast method of tunneling as being best suited for the
greater part of the route, and using shaped charges placed in pilot
holes drilled by water jet. Further, Parsons analyzed the power re-
quirements and did preliminary design of underground electrical sys-

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2344, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-16-
tems, including dedicated power stations. (Interestingly enough,
fossil fuel and nuclear reactor approaches showed comparable costs.)
Since the tunnel facility cost is an overwhelming portion of the
total VHST system cost, there is need for it to pay for itself through
high-traffic volume. Parsuns showed that the electricity needed will
cost less than $l per passenger trip. On the basis of relatively low
oper: ing costs versus system fixed costs, it may be seen that the $50
fare per passenger trip based on 100 passengers leaving each coast per
minute might be reduced to perhaps less than $10 if the traffic volume
increases by a factor of 10. Of course we cannot accurately forecast
the future demands on the system -- we can only speculate. Studies
indicate, however, that with the availability, speed, and single-modal
convenience offered by the VHST a high utilization rate is indicated.
For example, a New Yorker could get off a subway, get on a VHST, and
be in Los Angeles in less time than it now takes him to get to J. F.
Kennedy airport. He could leave at lunch hour for a "morning" meeting
on the west coast and be back home by quitting time. It is probable
that some day we might even be able to link up American and EuroAfro-
Asian systems by unnels inder the North Sea via Greenland and Iceland
and via the Bering Strait.
Will such a system ever be developed? It should be said that the
political outlook is much less optimistic than the technical one. For
one thing there is no jurisprudence bearing on the freedom of under-
ground movement akin to that for the skies and the high seas. History
has shown that some obvious projects, such as tunneling under the English
Channel proposed in the time of Napoleon, can be delayed for centuries
because of political pressures. On the other hand, relatively primitive
societies were able to achieve such engineering feats as the pyramids
with a much larger proportional bite out of their gross national product
than is posed by the VHST on our present GNP of $l.l trillion. One in-
teresting aspect that may be politically appealing is that the VHST
tunneling job can be done many places simultaneously, utilizing local
community resources.
Are there compelling reasons for the VHST: The answer to this is
an emphatic yes!! We no longer can afford to continue to pollute our

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 225, "chars": 1425, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-17-
skies with heat, chemicals, and noise, nor to carve up our wilderness
areas and arable land for new surface routes. Nor can we continue our
extravagant waste of limited fossil fue!s. We need to get the bulk of
truck traffic off highways and free these routes of much of the com-
muter auto traffic in order to restore to motorists the pleasure and
convenience of driving through the countryside.
Is the VHST system really far-fetched? In order to gain proper
perspective, it is instructive to look back over the last 100 years in
transportation and see how far we've come.
However, in those 100 years, modes of transportation have prolif-
erated with little or no attempt to integrate one with another. The
efforts to move efficiently, safely, and sanely (environmentally speak-
ing) both people and goods throughout the United States should be co-
ordinated and plans made for this coordination as soon as possible.
The VHST is specifically designed to be integrated with wther existing
and proposed transportation systems. Local rapid transit districts,
utility companies, and transport authorities should be planning now
to implement such an integrated system; the VHST would be a fitting
starting point for such plans. The VHST concept has been advanced,
the technology is presently available; needed now is the considerable
research effort leading to the formulation of final, concise plans
for its accomplishment.
