{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T01:27:18Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 46612945, "source_ctime_ns": 1788303241759349083, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/the-aetherius-society.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785550228100000000, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/the-aetherius-society.pdf", "source_sha256": "9bc694e63e3c0f2cb478439798a3cc0c7b2e0dc188a78c1a2272e6ba00dbae8a"}

U.S. Department of Justice


                                                                                  Federal Bureau of Investigation
                                                                                  Washington, D.C. 20535

                                                                                   March 16, 2021

MR. JOHN GREENEWALD JR.
SUITE 1203
27305 WEST LIVE OAK ROAD
CASTAIC, CA 91384-4520

                                                              FOIPA Request No.: 1475234-000
                                                              Subject: The Aetherius Society

Dear Mr. Greenewald:

         The enclosed documents were reviewed under the Freedom of Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA), Title 5,
United States Code, Section 552/552a. Below you will find check boxes under the appropriate statute headings
which indicate the types of exemptions asserted to protect information which is exempt from disclosure. The
appropriate exemptions are noted on the enclosed pages next to redacted information. In addition, a deleted page
information sheet was inserted to indicate where pages were withheld entirely and identify which exemptions were
applied. The checked exemption boxes used to withhold information are further explained in the enclosed
Explanation of Exemptions.


                              Section 552                                    Section 552a
            (b)(1)                                (b)(7)(A)                    (d)(5)
            (b)(2)                                (b)(7)(B)                     (j)(2)
            (b)(3)                                (b)(7)(C)                     (k)(1)

         50 USC 3024 (i)(1)                       (b)(7)(D)                     (k)(2)
                                                  (b)(7)(E)                     (k)(3)
                                                  (b)(7)(F)                     (k)(4)

            (b)(4)                                (b)(8)                        (k)(5)

            (b)(5)                                (b)(9)                        (k)(6)
            (b)(6)                                                              (k)(7)

        44 page(s) were reviewed and 44 page(s) are being released.

        Please see the paragraphs below for relevant information specific to your request as well as the enclosed
FBI FOIPA Addendum for standard responses applicable to all requests.

            Document(s) were located which originated with, or contained information concerning, other
            Government Agency (ies) [OGA].

                This information has been referred to the OGA(s) for review and direct response to you.
                We are consulting with another agency. The FBI will correspond with you regarding this information
                when the consultation is completed.

         Please refer to the enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for additional standard responses applicable to your
request. “Part 1” of the Addendum includes standard responses that apply to all requests. “Part 2” includes
additional standard responses that apply to all requests for records about yourself or any third party individuals.
“Part 3” includes general information about FBI records that you may find useful. Also enclosed is our Explanation
of Exemptions.
        For questions regarding our determinations, visit the www.fbi.gov/foia website under “Contact Us.”
The FOIPA Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all
correspondence concerning your request.

         If you are not satisfied with the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s determination in response to this request,
you may administratively appeal by writing to the Director, Office of Information Policy (OIP), United States
Department of Justice, 441 G Street, NW, 6th Floor, Washington, D.C. 20530, or you may submit an appeal through
OIP's FOIA STAR portal by creating an account following the instructions on OIP’s website:
https://www.justice.gov/oip/submit-and-track-request-or-appeal. Your appeal must be postmarked or electronically
transmitted within ninety (90) days of the date of my response to your request. If you submit your appeal by mail,
both the letter and the envelope should be clearly marked "Freedom of Information Act Appeal." Please cite the
FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified.

          You may seek dispute resolution services by contacting the Office of Government Information Services
(OGIS). The contact information for OGIS is as follows: Office of Government Information Services, National
Archives and Records Administration, 8601 Adelphi Road-OGIS, College Park, Maryland 20740-6001, e-mail at
ogis@nara.gov; telephone at 202-741-5770; toll free at 1-877-684-6448; or facsimile at 202-741-5769. Alternatively,
you may contact the FBI’s FOIA Public Liaison by emailing foipaquestions@fbi.gov. If you submit your dispute
resolution correspondence by email, the subject heading should clearly state “Dispute Resolution Services.” Please
also cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified.


               See additional information which follows.


                                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                 Michael G. Seidel
                                                                 Section Chief
                                                                 Record/Information
                                                                    Dissemination Section
                                                                 Information Management Division


Enclosure(s)


              The enclosed documents represent the final release of information responsive to your Freedom of
Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA) request.

               The material is being provided at no charge.
                                                       FBI FOIPA Addendum

As referenced in our letter responding to your Freedom of Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA) request, the FBI FOIPA Addendum
provides information applicable to your request. Part 1 of the Addendum includes standard responses that apply to all
requests. Part 2 includes standard responses that apply to requests for records about individuals to the extent your request
seeks the listed information. Part 3 includes general information about FBI records, searches, and programs.

Part 1: The standard responses below apply to all requests:

    (i)     5 U.S.C. § 552(c). Congress excluded three categories of law enforcement and national security records from the
            requirements of the FOIPA [5 U.S.C. § 552(c)]. FBI responses are limited to those records subject to the requirements
            of the FOIPA. Additional information about the FBI and the FOIPA can be found on the www.fbi.gov/foia website.

    (ii)    Intelligence Records. To the extent your request seeks records of intelligence sources, methods, or activities, the FBI
            can neither confirm nor deny the existence of records pursuant to FOIA exemptions (b)(1), (b)(3), and as applicable to
            requests for records about individuals, PA exemption (j)(2) [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a (b)(1), (b)(3), and (j)(2)]. The mere
            acknowledgment of the existence or nonexistence of such records is itself a classified fact protected by FOIA exemption
            (b)(1) and/or would reveal intelligence sources, methods, or activities protected by exemption (b)(3) [50 USC §
            3024(i)(1)]. This is a standard response and should not be read to indicate that any such records do or do not exist.

Part 2: The standard responses below apply to all requests for records on individuals:

    (i)     Requests for Records about any Individual—Watch Lists. The FBI can neither confirm nor deny the existence of
            any individual’s name on a watch list pursuant to FOIA exemption (b)(7)(E) and PA exemption (j)(2) [5 U.S.C. §§
            552/552a (b)(7)(E), (j)(2)]. This is a standard response and should not be read to indicate that watch list records do or
            do not exist.

    (ii)    Requests for Records about any Individual—Witness Security Program Records. The FBI can neither confirm
            nor deny the existence of records which could identify any participant in the Witness Security Program pursuant to FOIA
            exemption (b)(3) and PA exemption (j)(2) [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a (b)(3), 18 U.S.C. 3521, and (j)(2)]. This is a standard
            response and should not be read to indicate that such records do or do not exist.

    (iii)   Requests for Records for Incarcerated Individuals. The FBI can neither confirm nor deny the existence of records
            which could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any incarcerated individual pursuant to
            FOIA exemptions (b)(7)(E), (b)(7)(F), and PA exemption (j)(2) [5 U.S.C. §§ 552/552a (b)(7)(E), (b)(7)(F), and (j)(2)].
            This is a standard response and should not be read to indicate that such records do or do not exist.

Part 3: General Information:

    (i)     Record Searches. The Record/Information Dissemination Section (RIDS) searches for reasonably described records by
            searching systems or locations where responsive records would reasonably be found. A standard search normally
            consists of a search for main files in the Central Records System (CRS), an extensive system of records consisting of
            applicant, investigative, intelligence, personnel, administrative, and general files compiled by the FBI per its law
            enforcement, intelligence, and administrative functions. The CRS spans the entire FBI organization, comprising records of
            FBI Headquarters, FBI Field Offices, and FBI Legal Attaché Offices (Legats) worldwide; Electronic Surveillance (ELSUR)
            records are included in the CRS. Unless specifically requested, a standard search does not include references,
            administrative records of previous FOIPA requests, or civil litigation files. For additional information about our record
            searches, visit www.fbi.gov/services/information-management/foipa/requesting-fbi-records.

    (ii)    FBI Records. Founded in 1908, the FBI carries out a dual law enforcement and national security mission. As part of this
            dual mission, the FBI creates and maintains records on various subjects; however, the FBI does not maintain records on
            every person, subject, or entity.

    (iii)   Requests for Criminal History Records or Rap Sheets. The Criminal Justice Information Services (CJIS) Division
            provides Identity History Summary Checks – often referred to as a criminal history record or rap sheet. These criminal
            history records are not the same as material in an investigative “FBI file.” An Identity History Summary Check is a
            listing of information taken from fingerprint cards and documents submitted to the FBI in connection with arrests, federal
            employment, naturalization, or military service. For a fee, individuals can request a copy of their Identity History
            Summary Check. Forms and directions can be accessed at www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/identity-history-summary-checks.
            Additionally, requests can be submitted electronically at www.edo.cjis.gov. For additional information, please contact
            CJIS directly at (304) 625-5590.

    (iv)    National Name Check Program (NNCP). The mission of NNCP is to analyze and report information in response to name
            check requests received from federal agencies, for the purpose of protecting the United States from foreign and domestic
            threats to national security. Please be advised that this is a service provided to other federal agencies. Private Citizens
            cannot request a name check.
                                                        EXPLANATION OF EXEMPTIONS

         SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552

(b)(1)   (A) specifically authorized under criteria established by an Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign
         policy and (B) are in fact properly classified to such Executive order;

(b)(2)   related solely to the internal personnel rules and practices of an agency;

(b)(3)   specifically exempted from disclosure by statute (other than section 552b of this title), provided that such statute (A) requires that the matters
         be withheld from the public in such a manner as to leave no discretion on issue, or (B) establishes particular criteria for withholding or refers
         to particular types of matters to be withheld;

(b)(4)   trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential;

(b)(5)   inter-agency or intra-agency memorandums or letters which would not be available by law to a party other than an agency in litigation with
         the agency;

(b)(6)   personnel and medical files and similar files the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy;

(b)(7)   records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes, but only to the extent that the production of such law enforcement records or
         information ( A ) could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings, ( B ) would deprive a person of a right to a fair
         trial or an impartial adjudication, ( C ) could reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy, ( D ) could
         reasonably be expected to disclose the identity of confidential source, including a State, local, or foreign agency or authority or any private
         institution which furnished information on a confidential basis, and, in the case of record or information compiled by a criminal law
         enforcement authority in the course of a criminal investigation, or by an agency conducting a lawful national security intelligence
         investigation, information furnished by a confidential source, ( E ) would disclose techniques and procedures for law enforcement
         investigations or prosecutions, or would disclose guidelines for law enforcement investigations or prosecutions if such disclosure could
         reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law, or ( F ) could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any
         individual;

(b)(8)   contained in or related to examination, operating, or condition reports prepared by, on behalf of, or for the use of an agency responsible for
         the regulation or supervision of financial institutions; or

(b)(9)   geological and geophysical information and data, including maps, concerning wells.

         SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552a

(d)(5)   information compiled in reasonable anticipation of a civil action proceeding;

(j)(2)   material reporting investigative efforts pertaining to the enforcement of criminal law including efforts to prevent, control, or reduce crime
         or apprehend criminals;

(k)(1)   information which is currently and properly classified pursuant to an Executive order in the interest of the national defense or foreign policy,
         for example, information involving intelligence sources or methods;

(k)(2)   investigatory material compiled for law enforcement purposes, other than criminal, which did not result in loss of a right, benefit or privilege
         under Federal programs, or which would identify a source who furnished information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be
         held in confidence;

(k)(3)   material maintained in connection with providing protective services to the President of the United States or any other individual pursuant to
         the authority of Title 18, United States Code, Section 3056;

(k)(4)   required by statute to be maintained and used solely as statistical records;

(k)(5)   investigatory material compiled solely for the purpose of determining suitability, eligibility, or qualifications for Federal civilian
         employment or for access to classified information, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person who furnished
         information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence;

(k)(6)   testing or examination material used to determine individual qualifications for appointment or promotion in Federal Government service the
         release of which would compromise the testing or examination process;

(k)(7)   material used to determine potential for promotion in the armed services, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person who
         furnished the material pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence.
                                                                                                                                              FBI/DOJ
Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
r"j         ~         . ...I                                                                         "
                                                                                                              .'
                                       ! ...


        "
                      '   . I
                          (1)
                                       ~


                                                                                   •                                            •                                            "'"'

                                                                                                                                                                                          t
                                                                                                                                                                                    b3    :
                                                                                                                                     . May 1, .1964                                 b7E
                                                                                                                                                                  It
                                                                                                                                                                  0:


                                                                                                                                                                              b6
                                                                                                                                                                              b7C


                                                                                                             b6
                                                                                                             b7C

                                       1       Dear               L - I_ _ _ _         ----I~

                                                       I have received your letter of Aprll.24th, with
                                     , enclosures, and want to thank you for bringing this material
                            ~'" I
                                     I to our attention.
                                               With respect to your inquiries, the FBI being
                               an investigative agency of the Federal Government neither makes
                               evaluations nor draws conclusions as to the character or integrity
                           , ! of any organization, publ1cati~n or individual.   Therefore, I      '11 h
                                                                                                       rn
                               trust you will understand why I am not in a position to comment    r.:o~
                               along the lines you have suggested and it is .hoped you 'Will not
                               -Infer either that we do or do not have data in our flles relating t--i~
                                                                                                       ::0
                               to the Aetherius Society.                                                                                                               <:)
                                                                                                                                                                       <:)
                                                                                                                                                                       'X
                                                               Enclosed is some literature I trust will be of
                                               .Interest along wlththe stamped, self-addressed envelope yo~;
                                               so thoughtfully forwarded.                             ' ; ,~  ~
                                                ,         ;


                                                    ..B       •           MAIL.ED 20              Slncerely yours,
                                 I                                      MAy.1·... 1964,           J..EdgatH~
                                 I'                                "" COMM·r~1


                  ~
                                 I,'       .              7"",                                    John Edgar 'Hoover
                                                          .                                           Director
                                 l.~
                                 .Enclosures (5)
                                 I                                                                                                                     I'/!
                                                                                                                                                          ~I.,t I ·Ii./
      '~~i=n\                 Stalll:pe~
                ." ••' ' ,,'" 'Let's      self-addressed envelope I 'I                                   f         ~ ,) 1,:..    1
                                                                                                                            1,1'11   & ( ). "    .~ 1<'~:}!;tv
                                                                                                                                                Yt
       Mohr....                      'Fi.ght Communism Sanely!                                                                                     r     .,
       P:i:;Qn._ 4-1-61 ~E;S Introduction
      ~~~k ~ 4~.17 -62 Intet~aL'SecuritY ,Statement·; '~', >J .• '::
      ~~b~ .Faith 'in 'Freedom      ' J ,'/1                         .
      '~ DT~~jt~)3) , ~ See 'Note on next page.                                I                                                     e
      nM!'ll1W
       C<1ndy,   ,.             ••                        MAlt, flOOM   Cl 'TE-L~TYPE UNIt I::l
                                                                                                                   ~(M,
,.
                                                    •
                                     b6
                                     b7C


     NOTE: Correspondent is not identifiable in Bufiles. His enclosures
     pertain. to "The. Aetherius So iet " hich has not been investigated
     by this B~reau.                        advised that' the founder of the
     group is known. as. a pacl IS 'W 0 a vocates nuclea~ disarmament
                                                                               I   b3
                                                                                   b7D
                                                                                   b7E   I
                                                                                         ,

     and who claimS to get- his instructions in the form of divine messages
     from outer space. It is a small. organ:zatjon wjth no subverSive                    \,
     connections according t9                                     I


                                                                                             ',.


                                   -2-
 .        '   .
                                                                                               ".
                                                TRUE COpy
                                                                        b6
                                                                        b7C   April 24, 1964
                                                   IRhode Island
                                L....-_ _ _......     ,02835
                       Ii
                  The 'Federal Bureau ofInvestigation
                  Official in charge of Subversion
                  Washington, D. C.

                  Dear Sirs:-
                                                                                          ~ 1-1,''''
                               This Js an jnquiry about the Aetherius Society, whose
                  American headquarters is 674 Crenshaw Blv'd., Los Angeles 5.,
                  California.

                                  My questions are:- Do'you have any vidence that this
                  group is subversive or that it is 'receiving suppo t rom the Communists?
                  Is any action 'being taken,pr proposed to curb its ctivities?
                                   I am' enclosing a,few samples of Aetherius publications to
                   illustrate the fantastic claims, teaching and activitres of this group. However,
                  'what they publish is carefully written, what they teach -in group meetings,
                   etc. is even more ,radical.
                                                         \   ~

                                 For example they say !hat Capitalism mustgo and that
                  only backward planets like 'Earth use such systems. Their latest line seems
                  to be that "The Golden Age" of Aryan .root race is now starting. 'People that
                  don't make "The Golden Millenium" will be reincarnated on a less evolved ~
                  planet which is not now in the Solar system.
                                     ~  ..                          ~                -'             ,   ....


                                 Evidently this well organized group js growing and prospering
                  finanCially. A new home has been opened at 2221 West Grand Boulevard
                  in Detroit.

                                  In my opinion this group is a Menace'to the American way
                  of life and should not go unchallenged by our Government when it -is so'
                  important for a Democracy to have a pop lation that is fully and truely
                  informed. We don't allow poison food, e c. to be sold. Howrcan we permit
                  groups like Aetherius to mesmerize an        is.on eo les' mindS? Ille.lieve
                  this is carrying "Free Spe~ch~~too far.                                      b3
                                              \jIIJ.                                           b7E


~,,(j) l-f'C, '1-"30-(,,'\ ~\~ ~~17.
?(yfJ /
tfdJ;.J
          &1 1\
        Jv:9                n~~:E
                                  .m:. ~EBlND ~~
                                               ,             sf1i
~ l~cr;                          ~Ji
"


;:         ..                              .,.


                                                          •
                                                                          ~.   ,   .
                    •                                                                  '"'
                                          b6
                                          b7C


                    My information about this group 'is confined to reading
     some of their literature and fro-m letters from my son who lives in
     Detroit and has 'been attending meetings of this group for the past two
     years.

                                           Yours truly,
                                                                                             b6
                              lsi                                                            b7C

     P. S. Enclosures not to be returned.


                                    -2-


                                                 .
                                                 "
..   .
                         ,
"   ..                  '1.    y.   .. .   .1~


. ; iJ.' ::': ~~-? dA- ~ . .
. ~~~~~~~
  ~~~~~.Jk.:....~
    ~~".,?~~~':J~ ~~ ..
    '~~~~~~~.
     (/J~ ~~~ ~ '~ ~
       "1J~~~ ~ A<-'I~
         a..~~~~~~~
         ~~4~~.                                  .

         ~   '~~A::~'~
              ~    ~ r-"-/~---I                                     .
         a   ~ ~ _4~ ~ ~..2<~1
         4/AVt- ~ tJ3~ ~ .1)~.

              )"" ""7 ~ ~ ~....;..                   ,&<-


         ~~.dc.~~1~
         ~-~~~                                       ?- -
         ~                    ~.;A-h~~
         ~~.f)~~~~~
         ~~~~~~.
         h/~ ~ ~ ~ ~/~ .t:A-<-
         ~'~~krc.. .~~4
         a.c.-d~ /C' ~ A.....< ~
         ~J~?                  .j~~~
             ~ ?t~~~.'~ ~'.                                 '/ '~
                    3.   M.   ".* ."


      .    .~

     '#~.A
      --r
      ~-                           ;if.~. ~
               A.A-..4,.-.-....... _,-
          -~-- ,      ~


     .a...,c   ~~ ~,/ ~ ~.4:-.
     ~ cP~,
        .   ,~_, 1.,e
                  ~~~~
                          ~_, ~

    . ~ of ~ ~ .ff'- -M...,J.-r~
      ~-
                                       b6
                  ~~~~_ _ _ _ b7C


                                            '"


)                                      .
                                       '
        'THE AETHERIUS SOCIETY LECTURE PROGRAM - CONTINUED

    Come and have a glimpse of real Cosmic Masters in action. You will have
    access to ,the type of information you have never heard before from anyone
    because THE AETHERIUS SOCIETY IS THE ONLY SOURCE ON EARTH
    TODAY THROUGH WHICH THESE COSMIC POWER MANIPULATIONS ARE
    EXECUTED.

'~HOW  TH E GODS WORK" - Part II
Wednesday,- April 8. 1964 - 8:00 p. m.

    In the second half of this two-part lecture, you will actually hear a tape of
    one of the formerly classified SPECIAL POWER MANIPULATIONS and
    will know first-hand "HOW THE GODS WORK" to save millions of live,s and
    untold suffering on Earth and to prepare the Mother Earth for Her long over-
    due Initiation. With the information gleaned from Part I of this lecture" you
    will be able y_ourself to understand the cryptic orders of the Cosmic Masters
    as They successfully direct a strategiC power manipulation in spite of- in-
    terference by the black magicians.

itA COSMIC MESSAGE OF A DIVINE OPPORTUNI,TY"
                    ~           -
 Transmission from 'Mars Sector 6. received February 26. 1964
                                                              ~


Saturday - April 11. 1964 - 8:00 p. m.
    Mars Sector 6, just a few weeks ago on February 26th, delivered this
    wonderful message of Divine opportunity to earthman. In it, He explicitly
    reveals how you can guarantee to crown this year of Divine opportunity
    "with a golden .crown of great success. tI The greatest opportunities ever
    given to earth men in countless centuries are laid at your feet NOW.
    Study this Transmission of great hope very carefully so you may help
    those searching and suffering in darkness, so you can prepare yourselves
    to help this world through its present crisis, and thereby earn the right. to
    enter the brilliant dawn of the :New Age.


    -
"OPERATION BLUEWATER"
Lecture taee by Dr. George Kintt
Beautiful color slide show to illustrate the lecture.
Saturday, April 18, 1964 ... 8!00 p. m.

    Operation Bluewater, like Operation Starlight, is a mission given to The
    Aetherius Society which is absolutely unique to this Earth. As you know,
    it must be performed at sea and will benefit, the whole world. Dr. King in
    his lecture explains some of the difficult problems which had to be solved
    and the unique radionic apparatus which had to be invented and built be-
    fore this mission could be undertaken.
     The slide show in beautiful color is a report of Operation Bluewater. It
    ,includes pictures taken at sea during the actual performance of Phase II
     of Operation Bluewater and shows some of the meticulous preparations :,. ...
     which had to be made before this extremely intricate and dangerous mis-
     siQncould be~erformed. This lecture contains information you cannot
     get anywhere else--for it is about an operation performed lor the first
     time in the annals of the world's history!


Note: Get your copy of the Transmission "BECOME A BUILDER OF THE NEW
-AGE'~ -     Price: 80~ postpaid.
IF YOU WISH TO BE NOTIFIED OF FUTURE AETHERIUS .sOCIETY LECTURE
PROGRAMS, SPECIAL EVENTS AND P1LGRIMAGES TO THE HOLY MOUNTAINS
OF AMERICA, PLEASE TELL US IN WRITING. OTHERWISE WE WILL NOT
NOTI FY YOU OF THE DETROIT BRANCH ACTIVITIES.
                 THE    AETHERIUS          SOCIETY      PRESENTS

                                           -
    A LECTURE COURSE FOR THOSE WISHING TO EARN A PLACE IN

                  'dIijE    gOLDEN
                                                        -
                                               MILLENrUM"


Only those can enter the New Age leading to the Golden Millenium who have earned
that right through hard, dedicated, unselfish service. Neither money, materialistic
power, nor high position can obtain this enviable opportunity -- the greatest of
all your countless lives!

The following Program, introduced by a startling 'T ransmission received from
the Venusian Masters known as Aetherius and Jesus on December 28, 1963, is
presented to reveal to you the straight narrow path leading to the New World.
During these days when we are all being tested to see who will be allowed to
enter the New Age, the piercing Truth of these teachings will be of invaluable
help to you.
All of the meetings in this announcement will be held at the new "home" of -

                THE AETHERIUS SOCIETY - DETROIT BRANCH
                  2221 WEST GRAND BOULEVARD, DETROIT
                 Corner of Lawton, approximately 1 mile west
                   of the General Motors and Fisher Buildings
                              Telephone: 895-4121

"BECOME
     ;en
              A I BUILDER OF THE NEW AGE"
                                       M

Transmission from the Masters Aetherius and Jesus, December 28, 1963.
Saturdal - March 28. 1964 - 8:00 p. m.

     In ~~is el~ctrifying_'~'ransmi~sion recently received .E:0m_tl1~ Master _
     Aetherius and the Master Jesus of Venus, we are reminded that the great,
   - inevitable Cosmic Change is VERY CLOSE and we are told how to pre-
     pare ourselves so that we may become founders of the New Age and par-
     takers of the Spiritual Millenium. Aetherius reveals some of the prob-
     lems and conditions that will confront the "builders of the New Age" so
     that we can begin NOW to prepare to solve them. When you use the wonder-
     ful prayer given by the Master Jesus at the end, you will feel His Love and
     warmth and will be uplifted by· the Spiritual Power contained within it.

"HOW -T HE GOn:'s         WORK"                Part I
Taped Lecture by Dr. George King
Saturday- April 4, 1964 - 8:00 p. m.

    This is the opportunity of a lifetime to really learn about the PRACTICAL
    APPLICATION OF METAPHYSICS and to have some understanding of HOW
    THE GODS OR COSMIC MASTERS WORK on behalf of all mankind during
    these last days. Drawings; graphs and a tape of a special Power Trans-
    mission will be used to illustrate metaphysical feats absolutely unique in
    the history of man.
    For the last 8 years, Space Intelligences, under the brilliant leadership
    of that Great Cosmic Master - Mars Sector 6 - have delivered numerous
    Special Transmissions to Earth which were classified as Cosmic Power
    Manipulations. - Civilization was saved from total collapse on several
    occasions from the tremendously powerful Spiritual Energies radiated
    during these Transmissions.
    Now the right Cosmic moment has arrived to share with-the public some
    of the amazing metaphySical information contained within these Special
    Transmissions which are veritable storehouses of highly advanced astro-
    metaphYSics.                    (over)
 ,I'


       t
       J


                                                                                                                                   .-


                                                 YOU CAN HELP
                                  "~TO SAVE THOUSANDS OR
                                         LEAVE THEM TO DIE

                                   You who read this must ask yourself the soul searching
::--i""---:. ~-'=--   ". -   -·~-.~ussUon~whdhe!!-y_oy. will~reiect it.a.nd~watc~ ~th~vsa.n,~~_< -ti-_.-""'-_=; _""   . ..

                                   d.ie or whether you will act i-:'l t.he manner prescri.bed.

                                   Rem.e mber, this Karmic epJdemic could strike down
                                   your nearest and dearest. Prevent.ion is in your hands.
                                   God will -:'lot work for you but will ~ork ~ith you.


                             NOVEMBER 1ST UNTIL DECEMBER 26TH, 1963-
           '.
                                     THIS IS THE PERIOD OF YOUR TEST.
                                                                                                                             b3
                                                                                                                             b7E


                                     ALL INVITED TO HELP IN

                               OPERATION WORLD HEALING
                                                                       EXTRA COPIES: 2.5f each.
'..           Volume No.2, Issues 17, 18 October &" 19 N.ovember, 1963.


--                                     EARTH WARNED OF DISEASE WAVE I
                  At 8 pm. on September 7,1963 at the Headquarters of The Aetherius Society,
               the Cosmic Master Aetherius delivered a vitally important Transmission through
         .f    Doctor George King, who gained telepathic rapport through the deep Yogic trance
               of Samadhi. The Master Aetherius gave several definite prophecies regarding
               meteorological and other world events, which will ef{ect everyone during the
               coming months. All readers should take the most careful note of and be prepar-
               ed {or the consequences of these forwarnings which were issued by this Cosmic
               Being obviously out of compassion for the world.
                   All readers should note that Aetherius gave some very definite, straight· to
               the point instructions as to what everyone SHOULD do in order to offset these
               otherwise calamitous conditions. He even went as far as stating, quite plainly
               so that everyone could understand, that the rest of our present and future lives
               will depend directly upon the action we will take in answer to this Transmission •
.... '
                   For years now, The Aetherius Society has pleaded with people to sit up and
               take notice of the vital Transmissions coming from other more highly evolved
               Planets. Despite the fact that a few loyal workers have given their whole lives-
               despite the {act that I, personally, have broadcast in di{{erent countries through-
               out the world to millions o{ people - despite the fact that thousands of magazines,
               newspapers and free pamphlets have all, at one time or another, carried articles
               on the true Space warning to Earth as given through The Aetherius Society - only
               a tiny handful of people have proved themselves to be humanitarian enough to real-
               ly take notice and ACT!
                   This Transmission delivers an ultimatum! We are told quite plainly that a
               wave of disease will kill thousands of people all over the world, unless WE ACT
               TOGETHER TO STOP IT! We are told in plain language, WHAT WE ALL MUST
               DO TO STOP 95 PERCENT OF THIS MURDEROUS HORROR!
                   WE ARE ALL CHARGED WITH THE RESPONSIBILITY of coming together
               at LEAST 7 TIMES PER WEEK BETWEEN NOVEMBER 1ST AND DECEMBER
               26TH, 1963 in order to save thousands of lives thro~ghout the Earth.
                   It.is my carefully considered opinion that if we fail in this Holy Mission of
               mercy, then we deserve tobe classed as criminals!             ..   .        -
                   As President of The Aetherius Society, I state now quite categorically, that
               I will not leave one stone unturned to stop this terrible plague from choking out
               thousands of lives upon Earth. I shall lookfor the complete and absolute
               cooperation from every Member and sympathizer of The Aetherius Societr,
               especially from every Member and sympathizer of The Aetherius Society, since
               you are all CHARGED BY AETHERIUS HIMSELF to attend at least 7 MEETINGS
               PER WEEK OUTSIDE OF YOUR OWN HOME in order to GUARANTEE that the
              Absorption Factor is AT LEAST 6.75 UNITS.
                  It should be obvious to every right thinking person who reads this that a
              Master of the undoubted status of Aetherius would not give to any organization a
              Mission of this vital importance a!.ld obvious enormity, unless He knew beyond
              any doubt that the people in that organization were equal to the task. Aetherius
               stated in this Transmission quite categorically that there are enough Members.
               sympathizers and friends connected with The Aetherius Society to guarantee to
              perform this Holy and Sacred Mission with success. It is with these words still
               ringing through my brain that I make the following appeal to every Member, sym-
              pathizer, friend and reader of this leaflet:
                . I appeal to all of you to regard this matter in the most serious possil> I e light.
              I appeal to all of you to let me guide you into what· could be the most prominent
              Spiritual victory in the whole of your present life.
                  I strongly urge all of you who live anywhere in the vicinity of either a Head-
              quarters or Branch o{ The Aetherius SOCiety to come to every Service and
               specialized class run by that Headquarters or Branch, during this important
              period in the history o{ the world.
                  I appeal to those who do not live close enough to a Headquarters or a Branch
              to arrange meetings in their own homes, so that you can practise The Twelve
              Blessings {or at least one hour per day, for 7 days a week.
                  I realize that to attend a Divine Service 7 times per week will, at the latter
              part o{ this Spiritual Push, a{fect your Christmas celebration. I would remind
              you all that to be asked to give up only one Christmas in your life for such an
              important reason as sending out Power and Healing in order to affect the Karma
              of the world, when there are thousands of lives in the balance, cannot be counted
                                                -1-
as even a small, never mind a large, sacrifice on anybody's part.
       I feel sure that, if all of you who read this le~flet answer these.appeals to the
bC3t of your ability, we can, together, send out"so much Powel" tliat we will be
able to check 95 percent of this coming disease wave, and thereby save thousands
of lives and scores of thousands 'of people. from being"affected 'by this radio-active
d~sease and thereby weakened for life'afterwards.        I feel, as do many people who
actually heard this Transmission, that here we are all given a' wonderful and truly
Divine opportunity to be of Service to God, to the Cosmic 'Ma:i'ters, to ,the world
and to ourselves.                                                     -     .
       This is our problem. We must solve it. Together as a-band of Light
workers we can and, if we are determined enough, WILL 'bring-about a magnificent
victory for the forces of good.
       Those who doubt this can stand aside.
       Those who do not wish to cooperate with this wonderful.scheme, those whQ
do not have the courage to stand up'now and be counted as ACTIVE META -
PHYSICAL WORKERS can also stand aside.
       I feel sure that the finest among you will come forward with your hearts filled
with a burning Spiritual ambition to see this Mission through to its successful end.
I feel sure that the finest who come forward in answer to this desperate call WILL
in the months of November and December, blaze such a Spiritual Fire across the
world that SUCCESS WILL BE ASSURED. I feel sure that you FEW WILL, by
such action as this, inscribe your names in unerasable letters of mystic fire in
the Akashic Scrolls of honour.
       Then you will sing a glorious praise of everlasting thankfulness and heartfelt
gratitude to God for being one of the Glorious Few who had the courage to dedicate
yourself into this Sacred Mission for the benefit of humanity.
       May God guide your choice and fortify your determination.

                                               The Reverend Doctor George King
                                    Founder and Pr~sident of The Aetherius Society.        •

THE :MASTER AETHERIUS:

       "Good evening. At this time, I should like to speak 01 several things of
great importance to the world as a whole.
       "Those of you who are familiar with the Truth know that the Cosmic Plan
for the Initiation of Terra is under way.    This Plan is all embracing in as much
as it includes the further development and Evolution of Terra as an Entity. In
fact, this latter reason is the motivating factor behind the Cosmic Plan, which is
specifically designed to cause, not only a rise in common consciousness of those
left upon Terra after the Initiation, but also a movement in the Evolution of the
Planet Itself.
       "Because of its great importance, the Cosmic Plan has, of necessity, cer-
tain very definite stages. The preliminary stages are now over and you now enter
the more difficult stages in the overall scheme.
       "The coming months will prove to be difficult ones for you all. The material-
ist will experience upheavals. The racial question in America and other parts of
the world will oftimes be brought to the fore by action which, to say the least, will
be foolish. (Note 1.)
       " You are due for some very unusual weather conditions throughout Terra.
It will change quickly from what you would call summer conditions to semi-winter
conditions. (Note 2. ) There will be great floods and also drought. The next
winter time will be unusual and severe for some parts of Terra. In the Southern
Hemisphere strange and unexplainable cloud formations will appear.       Certain
parts of the Northern Hemisphere are due for higher temperatures than before.
The so-called northern temperate zones of Terra are due for unprecedented cold
snaps. Earthquakes will increase in all parts of Terra, even in areas which are
not considered to be earthquake zones, namely the polar regions. These parts.too
will show a marked increase in the numbers of and the violence of - earthquakes.
Earth tremors will creatcdi£ficult seas aromd various coastlines, especially the
coastline in the Southern California regions. I specially mention this because, as
you know, the major part of Operation Bluewater has been accomplished success-
fully in these waters, by willing helpers in The Aetherius Society. (Note 3.)
       "Indeed, air crashes will continue to be apparently just as mysterious and as
violent as before.    Even though you have, at the moment, declared to one another
                                  -2-


                                                                                               ,
send out as much Powel', as much Healing, to give as much Service as possible.
AT LEAST SEVEN TIMES PER WEEK FOR AT LEAST 30 MINUTES EACH
TIME. Attending two or three meetings of your choice per week will not amount
to much in the final Karmic count. This is NOT SER VICE. I guarantee this to
you despite the popular sales talk you have been given from other sources who
favor their own financial conditions far more than TR UTH I
       U If you are advanced enough to project from the physical body, go into a

state of evolved Samadhi and read the Akashic Records for yourself, you will dis-
cover beyond all doubt, that what I say is true.
       " You know, disease is now being unconsciously germinated in the eastern
part of Terra. These disease waves will spread from the eastern part of Terra
right throughout the western, southern and northern parts. This disease will be
very difficult to combat for it is a mutation which has become extremely harden-
ed because it has taken into itself a great deal of s~rontium 90. ';t'p,is disease -
will be fatal in some, but not all cases, but even those cases which are not fatal
will suffer great weakness afterwards.
        I~ Do you want to see this happen?    If the Absorption Factor of this present
Magnetization Period goes down, this disease will come. If the ABSORPTION
FACTOR of the next Magnetization Period is not at LEAST 6.75 UNITS THIS DIS-
EASE CANNOT BE STOPPED. (Note 9. ) Knowledge is sometimes good, but if
it is the truthful knowledge, it is sometimes worse than the most throbbing head-
ache, because it adds to the responsibility of the listener. Do you realize that
there are enough life streams connected with The Aetherius SOCiety alone, never
mind the other Spiritual organizations, to guarantee that the ABSORPTION FACTOR
for the next Spiritual Push will be a minimum of 6. 75 UNITS. _ They could
change the Karma of the world to such an extent that this disease I speak of, would
be dimished to only 5% of wh·: \t it will be if this ABSORPTION FACTOR does not
reach that 6.75 MINIMUMI
        I, The Aetherius Society alone, without any other outside help can, by work-
ing at top pressure during the next Magnetization Period of Terra, SAVE SCORES
OF THOUSANDS OF LIVES : as well as scores of thousands of weakened indivi-
duals, by sending out sufficient Powel" to change the Karma of Terra which would
allow certain intervention on this behalf. Of all the calamities I spoke of, .!!!!!..
disease is possibly due -to be-the-worst,-unless-you -are-absurd enough to allow
a war to break out upon the surface of your already troubled earth.
        II So now where do you stand?     You stand charged, my friends, CHARGED
if you are men enough to accept the charge, with the responsibility for working
in ways which will be most effective in combatting the wave of disease, by chang-
ing the Karma of Terra, as well as changing your own Karma I
       II I will repeat.   Coming to what you ca1l a Divine Service and two Prayer
g-r oups per week, IS NOT ENOUGH and it will NOT DO. Those of you in The
Aetherius Society sliould be so fired with Spiritual ambition, which is the only
a1lowable ambition on Earth, that you beg to come in through the door, never
mind have to be coaxed. In fact, if you do have to be coaxed, you may as well
stay outside I      Speaking for Higher Authority, if you call it that, we would rather
 manage with a few choice volunteers than with many pressed people •
        .. We have got past the stage of hypocritical nicety. Thank God we never enter-
 ed the stage of half truth. We are now laying cards upon your table in the plainest,
most concise, most definite manner we know how. It is still up to you by use of
your so-called freewi1~, to either accept this challenge or reject it •
        .. It is your world and not ours •
        .. It is your Karma and not ours.
        II It is your responsibility and not ours.

        " It is your opportunity and not ours t u

                              Transmission delivered on September 7th, 1963.


                                     -4-
r


     that you wish to stop certain atomic experimentation, nevertheless the radio-,
    activity already released into your atmosphere and ionization belts will still
    cause grave air crashes which will be of a swift and violent nature. (Note 4.)
    In the coming months, winds of unexperienced violence will suddenly be felt •
        .. These calamitous meteorological cO'nditions will be as a direct reaction to
    the energy YOU have sent to the Devic Kingdom through your utter disobedience
    of the all pervasive Laws of Good.                           '
        .. As I warned you previously, you are also walking very near the shadow of
    a violent war upon the surface of your already troubled world. (Note 5. )
        ~~ These conditions are, to say the least, troublesome and should cause all of
    you who have a heart made of flesh and blood and not stone, to look to your laurels..
    Can you do anything to ·help your world in this coming very dif£icult time?
-       .. Surely not one of you' who is adult enough to think can say that he does not
)   know this. affirmative answer. You have been given every conceivable opportun-
    ity to put right conditions upon the surfa:ce of your world.     YOIl have been given
    every conceivable chance to so quicken your own vibrations that you will not be
    unduly affected by the overall pattern of terrestrial quickening. You have been
    given every imaginable opportunity to be of OUTSTANDING Service to your less
    enlightened brothers. If you have not taken advantage of this DIVINE opportun-
    ity then you will have to answer to your own Karma for missing such an opportun-
    ~(Note 6.)            _                                                     .
        .. More than ever before is it vitally necessary that pe'ople of humanitarian
    belief should come together to work as a team of Spiritual builders so that the
    violent expression of warped mind substance, sent by the majority to the Devic
    Kingdom, may not be completely catastrophic. (Note 7.)
        ., There is no excuse for ignorance of the Law. There is no excuse for not
    moving into concerted action, especially for those who have been warned by
    Higher Authority of the coming conditions. 1£ you disregard this, then YOU will
    have to bear the Karma for this selfish disregard in either the present or the
    next life. If anything could be guaranteed upon the surface of Terra, it is that!
        ~. If you regard this challenge like grown, fully developed adults, who really
    believe in Spiritual action, if you take every available opportunity to send out
    Power and Love and render Service, this too will be noted in your Karma and
    very bright indeed will be your future ' life 1- - --~ - -
        II Terra, you are now being weighed in the Karmic scales, it is up to YOU to

    either accept this challenge or ignore it. You mu~t bear the consequences
    either for acceptance or for ignoring this Divine chance to do isom'e great good
    for all men.
        " More than ever before is it vitally necessary for all peop,le of good heart to
    come physically together as a band of Light bearers, into your places of true
    Metaphysical worship.       There to act together as frequently as possible. You
    know, you will NOT save your own Karmic pattern or the world by coming to-
    gether two times per week and saying a couple of prayers those two times. .
    This is not good enough I If you are now to forge for yourself a very positive
    Karmic pattern, you must act far more often than that. Twice a week is NOT
    GOOD ENOUGH for any of you. It will NOT DO. You will fail if this is the
    best you can do, in this life and the next. Those are no idle words, -neither is
    that a guess, but a definite Metaphysical statement of God forged Truth!
        " If you are to take full advantage of the unprecedented opportunities now
    being given to you on a golden platter - nay, laid at your lackadaisical feet, you
    must be prepared to WO~K for the very minimutn of SEVEN TI¥ES PER SEVEN
    DAYS. There must not be one day pass that you. do not st>end at_least 30 MIN:.
    UTES TO ONE HOUR IN PRAYER, IN SERVICE FOR THE WORLD AS A
    WHOLE. 1£ you want to take advantage of this unprecedented opportunity which
    is now being offered to you to advance many lives in one, yo'u will go out eagerly
    seeking for tasks to perform. You will not need to be asked, you will beg for
    them. You will not need to be approached and coaxed into coming to your place
    ~rship, but stand at the door, sometimes before it be opened, pleading to
    come in. Yes! Or join the unthinking masses, whi.chever you so choose.                .
         " If you want to be of assistance to your own Karmic pattern arid also shine as
    a bright Light, be one of those FEW who help to soften the blow of the great change
    upon Terra: you will pray together, AWAY FROM YOUR OWN HOMES as never
    you have prayed together before. (Note 8. ) You will forget petty personalities.
    You will regard yourselves as active workers for good, striving your utmost to
                                          -3-
      ~.  You have been told in your Bible that there will be 144,000 saved. This
  number is symbolic. What you have not been told is why a symbolic number
  will be saved. One reason why is the Operation you should be dedicated into.
  I announce now that the next Magnetization Period will be as a great and might-
  ily important Spiritual Operation for The Aetherius Society, as well as other
  Spiritual groups, but more imp,)rtant than these, The Aetherius Society, ~
                                                                                                      -
  cause of its true approach and because of its obvious sincerity and even more
  important than this, the great knowledge of its organizer.
       IITHIS MISSION WILL BE REFERRED TO AS:· OPERATION WORLD HEALING.
       "If any of you can turn away from this, then leave those who are dedicated
  enough not. to, go to success. Remember this. World Healing you can give. There
                                                                                                      .1'
  are enough of you to give it successfully. If you do not do it, you are not hurt- '
  ing the Masters; you are not hurting any organization, but you are helping, surely
  helping, to further imprison your own soul. . Remember, and never forget this,
  that every time during the next Magnetization Period you Slack, another is doing
  your work for you. Every time you stay away from a Divine Service, another
  will be asked to work much hard'er to make up for your absenteeism. Every
  time you listen to your basic selves, which delight in bringing luxury before you,
  another has rejected it and is working for you.
       It And, remember to-night and every night as you sleep that, if the Absorption

  Factor is not at least 6.75 Units next time, you will have been instrumental in in-
) directly murdering thousands of defenseless children .. Sleep on that.
     , IIJoin together as brothers, forget foolishness, be as adults and stand boldly
  on your two feet and demand mighty Power and it will flow through you as true as
  The Absolute made all things. Let this Power flow unrestricted. Come to at
  least 7 Divine Servic~ere, at The Aetherius Society, per week and allow the
  Power\.to flow and then walk tall among the masses, in humility, but in Spiritual Light.
       "ONLY THOSE WHO HELP SHOULD EVER LIFT THEIR EYES TO GOD AGAIN.
  FOR IF YOU R EJECT THIS AND YOU DO LIFT YOUR EYES, YOU DO THIS AS
  HYPOCRITES.
       ~I Do not forget you have a great Mission to perform. If you cooperate next
                                                                                                 ~
  time as you have done during these last 3 Special Power Transmissions, you will
                                                                                             ,
                                                                                                 ,
                                                                                                 II


                                                                                                 1
  most certainly succeed. You will most certainly help to advance your soul from
  the prison of ignorance. -- - - -             - - - - - - '-
       ~'Satelli~e No.3 divorce Terrestrial Orbit. All Transmissions now discontinued. n


                                     Transmission delivered on September 21, 1963.
 EDITOR'S NOTES.
 NOTE 1: On Sunday, Sept. 16, a shocking atrocity occurred in Birmingham,
 Alabama, in which 4 negro children were murdered in cold blood by a bomb
 thrown into a church.
 NOTE 2: This quick change of weather is already being noticed in Southern California
 and also Texas where 22 inches of rain fell in a few hours. On Sept. 15, 2 quite
 violent earthquakes were noted in San Francisco. A few days later 2 jolts shook the
 Los Angeles area. These prophesies are ALREADY COMING ABOUT.
 NOTE 3: See The Aetherius Society "Newsletter, n Volume 2, Issues 5 to 13, for full
 particulars regarding Operation Bluewater.
 NOTE 4: See I·You Are Responsible! ~'(pages 94-98) for the scientific reasons why
 excessive x:adio-activity causes air-disasters.
 NOTE 5: See the pamphlet "Wa~ch This Year I. sent free on application.
 NOTE 6: Se'e I'Karma And Reincarnation" for further details regarding the LAW.
 NOTE 7: Read "The Nine Freedomsll~pages 38-39 and 109-111) and the booklet
 ~'The Ie.vic Kingdomll for further engrossing details about the existence and
 operatio~ of the Devic Forces.
 NOTE 8: . Read liThe Twelve Blessings" for a completely balanced set of prayer
 practices. See also Dynamic Prayer Brings Results, and Prayer For Spiritual
 Workers ", as well as The New Lord's Prayer, all in the last Chapter of :~I The Nine
 Freedoms" (pages 197-200).
 NOTE 9: See liThe Nine Freedoms n(pages 85-92) for description and illustrations
 of the giant Spacecraft which radiates Spiritual Power to Earth. Read also, The
 Glory Of "Ascension, in Chapter 6 of '·'The Nine Freedoms" (pages 120-137) fura
 graphic <!escription o£ the inside of this mighty Spacecra£t.
 Above literature obtainable from The Aetherius Society, Prices on request.

 This Newsletter is printed and published .by The Aetherius Society, 674 Crenshaw Blvd,
 Los Angeles, CaUf. 90005. All copyright strictly reserved. No reproduction or trans-
 lation in whole or part allowed without written permission from Dr. George King •
                                    • 6-
                                    OPERATION       WORLD HEALING

                  The following powerful Transmission was delivered during the last Special
 -             Power Manipulation on September 21st, at 4 pm. to end the 3rd Magnetization
               Period for 1963. All readers should note that even with all the work put in by
               loyal cooperators throughout the world, together with five Special Power Mani-
               pulations in which the Great White Brotherhood and the Three Adepts cooperat-
               ed, the Absorption Factor was only 6.5 Units.

                  THE ABSOLUTE MINIMUM DANGER LEVEL FOR THE NEXT HOLY PERIOD
               -November 1st to December 26th - MUST BE 6.75 UNITS. In order to attain
               this everybody will have to give of their very best.
                  Every meeting you miss will mean that somebody will have to work twice as
               hard to make up for the Power you failed to send out.   This is the truth and
    - -
"':> -
               should be considered as the top priority of all Members, sympathizers and
               readers of this Newsletter .
                  This ranks as one of the greatest Spiritual appeals ever given to humanity
               since its inception on Earth.

                  TREAT        IT    AS    SUCHI

               MARS SECTOR 6

                   .. This is Mars Sector 6 reporting from Satellite No.3.
                  " The Absorption Factor when Satellite No.3 vacates Terrestrial Orbit will
               be 6.5 Units.
                  " You have to realize an Absorption Factor of . 25 Units above this at the
               end of the next Magnetization Period.        This will mean close cooperation to-
               gether. The next Magnetization Period is for all of you a period of great trial
               and superb opportunity. In fact, never has anyone of you had such an oppor-
               tunity to really demonstrate your belief in the Laws . . vhich are God, as the op-
               portunity given during the next' Magnetization Period ' of Terra. Never before,
               in anyone of your lives, have you been able to do so much through the expen-
               diture of so little, as you will-be- able- to do-tn-that' p,eriod. - Now is -tho-time- __
               to act as grown adults .
                  .. Now is the time ~o drop- your petty squabbles, your childish quarrels and
               join together AS TRULY DEDICATED SPIRITUAL WORKERS, fired with the
               ambition of such a mighty cause as that which has been given to you •
                  .. It is out of compassion that the Great Ones have given you all such an op-
               portunity . • If you fail, you do not fail your Society; you do not fail any organiz-
               ation, you fail your own souls. IF YOU WISH TO DO THIS, THEN PLEASE GO
               THE WHOLE WAY AND STRIKE YOUR NAME FOREVER FROM THE RECORDS
               OF TRULY SPIRITUAL NAMES.
                   " Th, very essence of life in these days is action for the world as a whole. ~
               No other action approaches this in merit. You can try to develop your tiny
               self all you wish, with whatever elaborate excuse yO? wish, you do not deserve
               to bear the shoes of one who has dedicated himself in action, in Service, in
               Love for the world as a whole I This is no idle sta~ement. It is not said to
               you in order to appear purely dramatic. It is the Truth I
                   (I Some of you may labor under the erroneous belief that all men are at
               present equal. You are fools.        The man who stands above all others, is the
               man who has dedicated his life for the Enlightenment of humanity.              The only
               way to be equal to such a man is to demonstrate a similar dedication. Such' a
               man towers above the common masses as would a great giant tower above the
               pigmees. Such a man has a great Light around him. Such a man is revered
          ••   by the Gods.                 .
                   '. It is the time to forget pettiness, smallness and childish squabbles. It is
               the time, now, to gear for'action.       Come ~ogether, formulate plans for these
               coming few weeks, gear yourselves up, stri ve {or perfection, strive {or sim-
               plicity in your own life.     Cut yourself off, if necessary, from friends and re- ~
               latives now, so that, when 'Satellite No.3 comes back into orbit of Terra, Y2.,u
               are as a free Spirit able to go undisturbed ABOUT YOUR FATHER-S BUSINESS.
                    ,- These are instructions. Treat them as requests, if you wish. Ignore them,
               and you are ignoring the crying of your own soul for Fr~edom. Ignore this and
                you are, by God you are, forming a sure prison for yourselves upon the Planet,
                                                                                                      (I
                which will bear these not ready for the millenium of Terra .
                                                    •5 .


                                                                                                           -
                                                                                                           u
                                                                                     •


fusion which involves. We go out of our way to spread the true light of The                       ever been given to suffering mankind.
Masters and teach discrimination, so that our Members may protect themselves                             States the great Cosmic Adept, Mars Sector 6: ·SERVICE IS THE
from the mass of astral confusion being spread by the unenlightened.                              JEWEL IN THE ROCK OF ATTAINMENT. II
       Numerous other activities are organized by The Aetherius Society. One                             We c~sider this to be a wonderful principle upon which to dedicate our
of tne most important of these are the special Pilgrimages which are arranged.                    lives, for we know that true Christianity is true Service. We all cordially
to go to the Holy Mountains, charged by the Space People through George King                      invite you to ioin us as on active worker and as a brother, so that together, we
as on instrument, to form New Age Power Centres. From these Holy Mountains,                       may all play our respective and important parts in the Cosmic Plan for world
in Great Britain, America, Australia, New Zealand, Switzerland and France,                        peace and Enlightenment, which is now being worked out on Earth.
dynamic Power is radiated to all Spiritually minded people upon Earth.                                   We know that the inevitable Cosmic Initiation of Earth has now started
        Power Circles are organized during a Spiritual Push, when the giant                       and only those who have proved themselves to be crorthy, will be allowed to
Spacecraft, Satellite No.3, is brought into orbit of this Earth by that great             I       inherit the glorious shining millenium of peace an Spiritual prosperity whi ch
Cosmic Master, Mars Sector 6. During this potent time, all Spiritual activities
are enhanced 3,000 times~ Members who attend these Power Circles, send out
the Spiritual radiations from Satellite No.3 to help all peoples upon the Earth.
                                                                                         [        will come to this Earth.

                                                                                                  these.
                                                                                                         We invite you to ioin us and work with us, so that you may be one of

These Power Circles are organized by Branche-s as wen as the Headquarters in
London and Los Angeles. (Read Cosmic Voice, Volume No. I, pages 57-70                                                          With God's Blessings,
and Issue No. 14, pages 9-17 for description of the inside of this magnificent
Martian Spacecraft.)                               ,                                                                           The President and Staff of The Aetherius Society
        Spiritual Healing is offered free at both Headquarters to all who are in
need of it. Help, advice, guidanceond instruction is given by willing workers
whose ambition it is to help mankind.
        From the time since the Command was given in May 1954, The Aetherius
Society has grown into one of the most active, non-politicol, non-sectarian,
metaphYSical and religious organization of its kind in the World. Its Members                           ~ , II


are proud to belong to a SocieJy which has been given the opportunity of doing
 so much practic~1 good thrOUghout the Earth.
        Of all the Members who work unceasingly for mankind, through The
Aetherius Society, not one receives a salar from the Society--not even those
 who have given up we pai, pensiona e positions to evote all their time in
 the Service of The Cosmic MasJers.
        It is becouse of people of such calibre as these, that The Aetherius
 Society wi II continue to grow, for this Society has been built on firm, rock-
 steady foundations, which are designed to weather any storm.
        We have no illusions of grandeur " neither do we harbour the pipe-dreams
 of power seeking materia.lisJs, who believe, that a massive facade on the out-
 side is of greater importance than the quality of the teachings which are offered
 on the inside. The Lord Jesus did not need a tall cathedral spire above His
  Head when He spoke, neither did the Lord Buddha need the golden inlaid
 trappings of a massive temple in order to propound His deep Wisdom. The
 Aetherius Society takes its major directives frOm the Cosmic Masters Themselves
 and throws the whole of its resources and energies into corrying out these high-
  ly practicol Spiritual assignments .
       . Indeed, we are a bond of willing and ioyful people, who consider it an
  honour to work for humanity in the Service of the great Beings, Who live on
  other, more evolved Planets.
        Our slogan was given to The Society by Mars Sector 6, in one of THE
  NINE· FREEDOMS and we consider ·that no better or more valuable advice has


                                    -8-                                                                                               -9-
                                                                                              I
                                                                                         .J
       AETHERIUS SOCIETY ACTIVITIES                                                                   THE     MA IN      W 0 RK      0 F TH E SOC lET Y

                            ~~'*'
                                                                                                    The Aetherius Society is constituted according to Law and is run by a
                                                                                            Board specially chosen for their skill and ability in many different fields of
                       SPIRITUAL EDUCATION                                                  endeavour.'                                                  .           ,
                                                                                                    Since the beginning in Lond'on, in that small apartment in May 1954,
 TRANSMISSION MEETINGS:                                                                     The Aetheri~ Society has now grown into the larg,est'Metaphysical Societ~ of
                                                                                            its kind now on Earth. Branches are operating in England, Holland, Ameraca,
 When the Cosmic Masters so desire, They announce beforehand their intention                South Africa, Rhodesia, Canada, Australia and Japan.
 to deliver a Transmission to the public.                              "-~
                                                                                               .    It can be seen, that the major function_oLThe_~~therius So~iety}~c t~__
 These meetings are always so popular that it is necessary to book seats before-     I
                                                                                     I      propagate the vital information given to mankind in the highly specialized
 hand., Our moiling fist is informed in plenty of time to alloW advanced booking    .)
                                                                                            Transmissions from The Moster Aetherius, The Moster Jesus, Mars Sector 6,
 Open to all serious minded Metaphysical students.                                  II      St. Peter, Jupiter Sector 92 and other highly evolved C~i~ IntelUgences.
                                                                                    J~              This is done through the frequently published magazme COSMIC VOICE
 LECTURE COURSES:
                                                                                           and other books, THE lWELVE BLESSINGS, YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE~,
 Courses for beginners and advanced Metaphysical. students are conducted in                LIFE ON OTHER PLANETS, THE PRACTICES OF AETHERIUS, WISDOM OF
 Los Angeles, London and some Branches.                                                     THE PLANETS and THE NINE FREEDOMS.
 Public invited.                                                                                    The Society al~o conducts and publishes an types o~ Metaphrsical. •
                                                                                            courses for both beginners and advanced students. It has Its own film UOitS m
 METAPHYSICAL LECTURES:                                                                    both London and Los Angeles, which make educational sound films depicting
                                                                                            its many Spiritual activities. The Society publishes books, discs and tope
Specialized lectures are deliv~red by Doctor King during which certain vitally
                                                                                           recordings of lectures and actual Transmissions from the Cosmic Masters •
important Transmissions from the Cosmic Masters are carefully analysed, ~entence
                                                                                                  . Regular meetings and Divine Services, which are open to the public, are
by sentence. The profound Metaphysical Truths contained within the Ma,sters·
                                                                                           held by branches throughout the world, as well as in the Headquarters in
great words ore reveciled in su~h a ritanner that some of'the most profound Wisd~
                                                                                            Los Angeles and London, England.
ever given to Earth can be understood by all clear thinking attentive students.
                                                                                                   Special lecture courses are also delivered by Doctor King. During these
This aspect of the Teachings of The Aetherius Society is invaluable and yet quite
unique.                                                                                    very popular lectures, the Transmissions from actual ,Space Intelligences are
                                                                                           analysed, sentence by sentence and th'e profound Truths and accurate prophe-
Open to all serious minded students.
                                                                                           cies of The Masters are explained in such a manner, os to be understandable to
                                                                                           CiTrserious minded attentive students.
DIVINE SERVICES:
                                                                                                   You will agree that teachings of this calibre are unique. Deep percep-
Services are held every Sunday in the Church of the Los Angeles Headquarters,              tion is necessary in order to understand the Wisdom of The Masters and explain
in the London Headquarters and in Detroit and other Branches.                              this in simple terms. In order to withstand such very close scrutiny by on
Pubtic invited.                                                                          , expert occultist, the original text has to be of such a quality, that it could
                                                                                           only have come from a highly elevated source--the brain of a real Cosmic


                                                                                    "
lWELVE BLESSINGS SERVICES:                                                          t
                                                                                           Moster, not a mythical one.          _
                                                                                                   The lower realms are not allowed to have their twisted, confusion caus-
This Spiritual Service is based on the latest Teaching given by The Moster Jesus.          ing fun at the expense of people attending The Aetherius Society lectures~. It
This beautiful Healing Service is herd in the Church attached to the Los Angeles           is' an essential port of The Aetherius- Society policy to carefully check all 10-
Headquarters as well as the london ·Headquarters. There are also numerous                  formation before it is given to the public.
Twelve Blessings groups operating throughout the world.                                            Our Founder has many times boldy stated to his public that when he
Open to Members and the public.
                                                                                           tokes his prace upon the Metaphysical pratform, he is technically under oath
                                                                                           before God, to speak truthfully to the very, very best of his ability. He is
SPIRITUAL HEALING:
                                                                                           not afraid to openly declare thOt the greatest gift one man, can give to another
Spiritual Healing is given free of charge to all woo need this. The correctly              is Wisdom and the greatest single crime that one can commit is to bose his
trained Healing band in london and the ordained Ministers in Los Angeles have              teachings upon lies and so hold up the evolution of his followers!
already hod definite success in Divine Healing, having been trained by Doctor                      The Society is sure of what is taught from its platform and con bordly de-
George King, who has made many years study and practice of this Divine                     clare that it believes it to be Truth which evolves and not the untruth and con-
                                  - 10-
                                                                                                                               -7-
,I

                                                                                             Science in Europe before coming to America.
           At the completion of this great Spiritual Task, The Master Aetherius said:        Open to all who are in need.
     ·Operation Starlight is the most important single Metaphysical Task ever under-
     taken upon Terra in this Her present life.· (Read Cosmic Voice; Issue No. 27,           SPIRITUAL PUSH:
     for full Transmission.)
            Indeed are our Members proud to be on essential part of such a vital . -         During certain times of the year a huge Spacecraft from Mars c~e~ into o.r bit '
                                                                                             of this Earth. This time is known as a Spiritual Push or Magnetization Peraod.
     OrganJzation, which'has been entrusted to perform the greatest single service
                                                                                             The Power radiations from this Spacecraft are so potent that every act perform-
     given to mm ~
                                                                                             ed in t,rue unselfish service for others is enhanced 3,000 times. This is indeed
                                                                                             a Holy Time.                                       •       •
                                                                                             The number of Divine Services and Twelve BlesSings Serv,l ces are stepped u~
                        THE NEW LORD'S PRAYER                                                during a Spiritual Push in order to use the Energies which are specially radiated
                                                                                                                                                                                  ,   I, ~   "


                                                                                         r   from this Spacecraft for th'e benefit of all peoples on Earth.    ,
           On the evening of December 20, '1961, to a capacity audience at the
     Los Angeles Headquarters of The Society, a wonderful series of Transmissions
                                                                                         l   SPECIAL PONER TRANSMISSIONS:
     were delivered through Doctor King. The Masters Who spoke were Aetherius,               At certain times during a Spiritual Push, a Special Service is held at the los
     Mars Sector 6, Mars Sector 8, Jupiter 92 and ~he Master Jesus Himself. At the           Angeles Headquarters. During this time Branches and groups throughout the
     end of this brilliant demonstrotion of Cosmic Wisdom, the lord Jesus gave to            world tune into the flow of Power.
     Earth His NEW lORD'S PRAYER.                                                            Branches and groups are open to the public, but the highly speciali~ed Servic~
            In answer to dozens of requests, The' Society published the sound track d        at the Los Angeles Headquarters is strictly confined to Members only.
     this glorious Prayer, actually recorded as Jesus overshadowed the Reverend
     Doctor George King, on a phonograph record, called appropriately enough,                 PllGRIMA GES:
     THE'SECRET OF DYNAMIC PRAYER. (Read Cosmic Voice, Issue No. 26,
     pages 21-28 for the whole text of this glorious Cosmic Transmission.)                    Pilgrimages to the Holy Mountains are frequently _arranged by Branc~es and the
                                                                              ,j   '-         Headqoarters in london and los Angeles. ,The 'nearest H.ol! Mo~ntalO to lo.s
                                                                                             'Angeles is Mount Baldy. Branches and Headquarters offiCials Will gladly give
                                                                                              advice on climbing and wearing apparel which is absolutely necessary before
                           JUPITER SAVES EARTH!                                               pilgrims contemplate this or any other climb. Full particulars on application.

            later, between January 20th and Februory 19th, 1962, came a mighty                COLOUR SLIDES AND FILM SHOWS:
     series of Special Powe_r Transmissions. During this time, great tides of                 Are frequently held at london and Los Angeles Headqua.rters and. Branches ••
     Spiritual Energies were sent from the Planet Jupiter to counteract the modifi-           Some of the beautiful colour slides taken by the Operataon Starlight teams an
     cations which terrestrial man hod imposed upon the tremendous radiations which           their fravels through England, Scotland, Wales, United States, Austra1ia,
     would come from the configuration of Planets on February 4th and 5th, 1962.              New Zealand, Switzerland and France are shown much to the de_light of all
     (Read Cosmic Voice, Issue No. 26, pages 29-33 for full report.)                          who attend.                                                   '
            Scores of Aetherius Society Members in ~ifferent countries throughout the         Movie films in beautiful 16mm colour and sound, mode by The Aetherius Society
     World cooperated in this huge Spiritual mission with a result that many of the           Film Units, are projected on professional equipment to illustrate the enormity of
     major cotastrophies, due to befall ignorant mankind, were alleviated. Again         \    the Spiritual Mission of the Society.                   . •                   •
     in, the dark hour of need for the world, The Aetherius Society was used as a             Occasionally colour slides from the numerous World pllgramages are also proJec-
     trusted instrunent by the mighty Cosmic POvVers. While millions slept in bliss-          ted to everyone's delight.
     ful, but dangerous ignorance, The Aetherius Society Directors and Members                These shows are so popular that booking beforehand is essential. Anno~cements
     tuned in, to be used as channels for the great Transmuting Energies. Every man,          are sent to our mailing list in plenty of time to allow for advanced booking.
     woman and chi Id on this Earth benefited through the devotion to their Spiri_tual         Open to Members and sympathizers.
     colling displayed by those who cooperated.
            Jupiter saved Earth and used The Aetherius Society personnel to do so~~           SPEAKERS' CLASSES:
                                                                                              wiil consist of six classes to train speakers for preliminary platfo,rm work.
                                                                                              Open to Members only.                                                   '


                                       -6-                                                                                        -11-
 SIMPLE PHOTOGRAPHIC COURSE:
 Simple instruction on how to take effective photographs and to encourage
 people on pilgrimages to take along and use their cameras.
 Open to the public.

 SPIRITUAL COUNCELlING:
 All MEmbers of The Aetherius Society may discuss their problems with Doctor                                       YOUR FUTURE LIVES EXPLAINED
 King who will give advice and guidance on all personal and Spiritual develop-
 ment problems.                                                                                            Between February 12th and March 15th, 19~I, another shattering series of
                                                                                             I

 This invaluable service is offered only to Members. An appointment is                             Transmissions were delivered to Earth, by that profound Orator, Mars Sector 6,
 nec_essary.
                                                                                         +         at the los Angeles Headquarters. As with all other Transmissions given to Earth,
                                                                                                   through The Aetherius Society, these were delivered through Doctor George
                                                                                                   King, in a positive, samadhic Yogic trance. These Cosmic Truths, called
    TECHNICAL AND PROMOTIONAL DEPARTMENTS                                                          THE NINE FREEDOMS, give mankind for the first time in his history, in a
                                                                                                   simple, understandable form, the path of his MUre Evolution, not only upon
                                                                                                   Earth, but upon other Planets in the Solar Stem as'well.
 TAPE RECORDING UNIT:                                                                                      THE NINE FREEDOMS are now pub Js e in 00 orm with a full com-
 Three professional Ampe>,< tape recorders are in constant use in los Angeles and                  mentary on the profound Mystic text carefully written by Doctor George King.
 four professional Ferrograph recorders are maintained in the london Headquarters.                 The Publishers have gone to the expense of having this WOnderful boo~ printed
All Message Transmission-s, Special Power Transmissions and Secret Transmissions                   in very easily read type, which does not strain the eyes of the student.
are recorded as delivered.                                                                                 This book will give you the maiOr'Steps towards attainment of the wonder-
All lectures are also recorded for future publication.                                             ful s_tate of COSMIC CONSCIOUSNESS, then I_a ter tell you how to pass
The. tape recording experts in los :Angeles and london will be only too happy to                   through the most elevated state possible to man upon Earth, that of --
adVise you on your present recording problems or give you th~ benefit of their                     ASCENSION.
great experien~e, if you should be thinking about purchasing a new machine.                                Yet, THE NINE FREEDOMS does not even stop here~ It 'goes even further
This advice will be given correctly and not from the biased point of view of-                      than the Bible, the Baghavad-Ghita or the Buddhist conception of Nirvana.
some tape recorder salesmen.                                                                       For within these pages, the sacred Wisdom, kept from you since your inception
                                                                                                   upon Earth, is now given, revealing the way in which you will eventually
FILM CtUB:                                                                                         attain the glorious state of -- INTERPLANETARY ExiSTENCE.
                                                                                                           THE NINE FREEDOMS, is not iust another book -- it is a Mission of
Open.to Members and guests. The Film Club has been operating very success-                         Truth given to mortal man, so that he m9y climb the nine steps to --
fully In london for some years. Anyone intere_sted in The Aetherius Society and                    LIVING IMMORTAlITY~
motion picture making, is invited to ioin the Film Cfub. Members are entitled
to previews of Th~ Aetherius Society productions and when necessary I are a-s ked
to assist the Film UnU during an actual production.
                                                                                     ,....
                                                                                     ,


Advice given on your movie ma~ing problems.                                                                     OPERATION STARLIGHT CONCLUDED
                                                                                     J

FILM UNIT:                                                                                                The far reaching, ever extending SpiriJual acUvities continued, as' our
Open to Aetherius Society Members only with specific skills which can be util-                      now, much travelled leader, left America for England, then on to Swi_tzerland,
ized in the making of documentary films. Operating both in London and los                           where one more Holy Mountain was added to the chain of great Cosmic Power
                                                                                                 i. Centres.   Then on to France, where on the side of Mount Blanc, Operation
Angeles Headquarters. Inquiries are invited from The Aetherius Society Members
who may have just t_he skiU and talent needed. You may not be aware that you                        Starlight was ended. This one Opera't ion alone had taken three ears to com-
can be of help until you inquire.                                                                   plete. (Read Cosmic Voice, Issue No.2, pages 10-20 inc usive.
                                                                                                          Highlights of this vital Operation were dramatically presented in the
STIll PICTURE UNIT:                                                                                 16mm docunentary motion pictures, ·OPERA TION STARLIGHT· and
                                                                                                    ·A MYSTIC JOURNEY·, both filmed on the actual majestic locations, in
A weU e~uipped darkroom is maintained in los Angeles for, the development and                       glorious colour and so\K)d, by The Aetherius Society Film lkIit.
reproduction of our own stJII pictures, picture postcards, etc.
                                                                                                                                      -5-
                                  - 12 -
 the great Master from Venus, Aetherius, could speak to millions of television           Advice and help on your photographic problems wi II be given by experts in
 viewers throughout the British Isles. Such was the popularity of this half hour         both the Los ,Angeles and London Headqvorters~
 program, unique in television history, that it has been reshown many times
 since this. (Read Cosmic Voice, Issue No. 20, pages 28-30 for the complete              UNDERWATER EXPLORATION UNIT:
 text of this history making Transmission.)                                              Two fully certified S.C.U.B.A. divers are on the staff of the Los Angeles
                                                                                         Headquarters. Newly formed, this unit is concerned with research into the
                                                                                         relatively new science of underwater photographic techniq~;s and the problems
                                                                                         presented by spectral absorption and optical distortion under the sea.
                   THE WORLD TOUR BEGINS                                                 This is 'a private enterprise and is not financed by The Aetherius Society.
                                                                                         Advice is available from this Unit on artifical respiration, swimming problems
         Later, whil~ on his world tour, Doctor King again demonstrated his out-     ,
                                                                                         and general water sofety from to all who need this.
  standing Yogic abilities by performing a similar unique feat in Hollywood,         r
                                                                                     I
, U.S.A. On July 19, 1960, on Station KCOP, The Tom Duggan Show,                         FOREIGN LANGUAGE' DEPARTMENT
  Aetherius again spoke to millions of Hollywood and Los Angeles television          ~
  viewers. The important Space Message was beginning to be spread throughout             This department is concerned with the translation of The Aetherius Society
  Earth, so was the influence and importance of The Aetherius Society.                   Teachings into foreign languages. Advice on Dutch and French translations
         On June 16, 1959, George King set sail for America to spread the g'reat         will be given to Members who are in need of this service.
  Truths given in the frequent Transmissions to Earth by the Cosmic Masters, alsO,
  to extend Operation Starlight throughout the vast American continent. After
  months of touring from coast to coast, and scores of radio and television                                       SOCIAL ACTIVITIES
  appearances, Four Mountains were charged as Cosmic Batteries in America~ .
  (Read Cosmic Voice, Issue No. 21, pages 20-24, and Issue No. 23, pages 11-
  22 for the full amazing story.)                                                        SOCIAL EVENINGS:
         Then, out across the vast green waters of the Pacific Ocean to .;               Social get-togethers are arranged occasionally so that Members and friends 'm ay
  Australia, where two more Mountains were charged and on to New Zealand,                get to know each other better. This is a very popular activity and is open to
  where another Mountain was charged to end Operation Starlight in the                   Members and their invited guests.
  Southern Hemisphere. (Read Cosmic Voice, Issue No. 24, pages 5-21.)
         On November 22, 1960, The Aetherius Society was officially incorpor-            FIW SHOWINGS:
  ated under the American Law as a religious organization in California, with                                                                                          "

  Headquarters in Los Angeles. This;s anAmerican Corporation, managed by a               Occasionally an appropriate profesSional film is hired and shown to Members a
  Board of Directors', all of whom are residents of California.                          and sympathizers in a relaxed social atmosphere. Such films as, "'The Day The
                                                                                         Earth Stood Still'" and "'Forbidden Planet'" for instance, are always very popular.


                  A GREAT 'BOOK IS WRITTEN
                                                                                     1                      PUBLICATION 'DEPARTMENT
        In May 1961, the amazing book, nyou ARE RESPONSIBLE~ a, by
 Reverend George King, was published in England, by the publishing depart-               COSMIC VOICE:
 ment of The London Aetherius Society, known as The Aetherius Press.                     The Official Organ of, The Aetherius Society--the magazine COSMIC VOICE,
        All true students of Metaphysics who have read .this work, agree that it         is published by The Aetherius Society.
 is a guiding beacon which helps them to differentiate between the true al")d the        This is a well produced Metaphysical Text Book containing the full text of the
 false. The discriminating reader can see in the pages of "'YOU ARE                      Transmissions given by the Cosmic Masters.
 RESPONSIBLE~ U the real Cosmic Truths, which, not only bring to him a great-            The supporting articles in COSMIC VO ICE are chosen for their importance to
 er Enlighfenment, but also enhance his abilities to discriminate between the            members, subscribers and our reading public. Kept always up to the very high-
 genuine contact and the numerQUS fafseclaimants.                                        est literary standards, this magazine circulates into many countries throughout
        This bOok contains actual word for word 'Transmissions of tremendous             the world.
 Messages received from Mars and Venus. The author, having the unique abil-              Subscriptions welcomed from anyone who is interested.
 ity of conscious projection, describes his wonderful experiences ~ Mars and                                                          I


                                       -4-                                                                                  - 13 -
                                                                                          was not due to large and expensive advertising campaigns, but came about
 THE AETHERIUS SOCIETY NEWSLETTER:                                                        through personal recommendation.
Published fortnightly, our Newsletter is very important, not only for the inter-                 The name of the magazine was changed from, ·Aetherius Speaks u to
esting news' items, but it is often used as a medium to announce special activ-           IICOSMIC VOICE-, and went into print. In its new form, this magazine I)OW
Uies, such as Special Power Transmissions and pilgrimages. Published in                   circulates throughout the World.
America and London.                                                                              The Messages' of the Space People, so vital to Earth, begal) to appear in
Anyone may subscribe.                                                                     the press in all languages from English to Japanese. The Aetherius Society be-
Numerous other high-quality Metaphysical pubUcations and courses are pro-                 come known on radio and television throughout many different countries.
duced by The Society.
Colour films', discs and tapes are, also published for sale. Full list sent-free of
ch~rge on applicatJon and without any obligation. Enquiries are also il)viJed
from Clubs and bookshops. Attractive wholesale prices given to ~hose wi,th                                        TH£ TWELVE BLESSINGS
resale license.
                                                                                      h          On July 27, 1958, George King was overshadowed by The Master Jesus
                                                                                          Who gave the first chapter of His Aquarian Age Bible to this Earth. In the
                                                                                          eleven weeks which followed, this Great Cosmic Master of Love gave THE
 GRAPHIC ARTS AND LITOGRAPHIC DEPARTME'NT                                                 lWELvE BLESSINGS, a Teaching which was later published by The Aetherius
                                                                                          Press and is already in ifs third impression.
The Los Angeles Headquarters now has its' own offset press and we print most of                  THE lWELVE BLESSINGS has made a proJound impression upon the lives
our own booklets, courses and pamphlets. Photographs and 'art work are pre-               of all who have studied its wonderful context and have put into operation these
pared by Society Members. As time goes on, a great deal more literature will              great Spiritual Truths.
be available to ~he pubUc which has beel) dupJicated on this press. This com-
mercial offset equipment is operated by the Societyls own personnel.
                                                                                                                                           ,         "


                                                                                                           OPERATION STARLIGHT BEGAN
                                   SHOPS
                                                                                                  George King was' then instru'c ted by The Master Aetherius to visiJ a small
                                                                                          village coned Combe-Martin in North Devonshire, England, on July 23, 1958.
HEALTH FOOD SHOP - LONDON:                                                                        There, at midnight, on top of a hifl coiled, "Holdstone Down l' , another
                                                                                          chapter in the life of The Aetherius Society and the who'-e world was begul).
A fuUy stocked healJh food shop is maintained in the London Headquarters.
                                                                                          For, upon that ba~ren hilltop in aU His glorious Cosmic light, stood ~he Master
All invited.             '
                                                                                          Jesus Himself, radiati!,)g His profound Love to aU the world. Even the very
                                                                                          ground beneath His' feet became consecrated and sacred. IIHoldstone Down-
BOOK SHOP - LONDON
                                                                                          became the first Holy Mountain. The mission which foll~ed, officiaUy called
Contains a selec~ion of well-knowl) books Qn SpJritual HeaUl)g, Mysticism,                by the Cosmic Masters, OPERATION STARLIGHT, took our leader almost
Occultism, Flying Saucers and like subjects. If the book is not in stock, The             around the world. (Read Cosmic Voice Issue No. 27 for the comple,te amazing
A~t,he'rius Society in LondQn wi II be pleased to order it for you.                       s,tory of this physical cootact with Jesus.)
All invited.                                                                                      Between July 23, 1958, and February 25, 1959, Nine Mountains in the
                                                                                          British Isles were charged as Holy Mountains and New Age Power Centres by the
                                 * * *                                                    great Cosmic Masters through Doctor King. DespiJe appalling weather condi-
                                                                                          tions, Aetherius SocJety mou!')tain team's laboured to the tops of these Mountains
Special Note:                                                                             to help their Leader act as an essential link between Earth and the Higher Forces
                                                                                          so that these Cosmic Batterie,s could be given to manki!')d prior to the coming
Each of these numerous activities, including the Technical Departments, are               Cosmic Initiation of Earth.             ..,
run by devoted Members who gladly donate their time and valuable assistance,
                                                                                                  On May 21, 1959, George King was the first man on Earth ev'e r to demon-
without payment, in order to be of serVice to mankind through the A~therius
                                                                                          strate a telepathic rapport with the Master Aetherius over the official gove~n­
$ocieJy.
                                                                                          me!')t sponsored B.B.C., Television in England. Under the bright lights and
                                                                                          probing eyes of the television cameras, he went into a deep Yogic trance so that

                                   - 14-                                                                                      -3-
tices. This Eastern Sage then outlined the vitally urgent Mission which George
King hod been chosen by Cosmic Intelligences to perform on behalf of mankind.                                    An 9nvitation 00 you.
(Read, uYou Are Responsible~", page 21-22).
       George King was chosen for this task for more than one reason. As far as
worldly man is concerned, the most obvious reason for this choice was thot he
                                                                                                A glance through our Spiritual Education activities will show you the
had demonstrated by his previous insatiable search for Truth and his single mind-
                                                                                         fully comprehensive range which is covered. Add to these the numerous active
ecldevotion to his years of difficult Yoga practices, that he not only had the
                                                                                         ~epartments willing to give expert advice on many problems and you have some
ability necessary for such a task, but could be in every way trusted by the
                                                                                         Idea of the nature of The,Aetherius Society.
Masters to complete this assignment to the best of that well-trained, highly
                                                                                                If you are a keen student of Religious Science of Spiritual Philosophy or
coordinated and strictly disciplined ability.                                       I
                                                                                    r    someone w~o wish:s to be an active worker in the Metaphysical field, then
       Disregarding his own business and comfort, Doctor King diligently threw
                                                                                         The Aethenus Society has a place in your life.
himself into these advanced mystic Yoga techniques and a few mont~s later a         ,           We invite you to come along and meet our stoff and look around our
goof for all his very hard work was realized when he was able to gain true
telepathic rapport with a Being actually living in a physical body on the shin-     •    Headquarters and a~sure you that it is not our policy to press you to join, for
                                                                                         we know that our most loyal followers were at the right time all inspired in one
ing Planet Venus. This great Cosmic Moster was given the pseudonym of ,
                                                                                         way or another, before they became joyful and active Members of The Aetherius
Aetherius.
                                                                                         Society.


                THE EARLY DAYS IN ENGLAND                                                ,THE AETHERIUS SOCIETY HEADQUARTERS
        In Januory 1955, George King, acting on precise instructions from the            AMERICA
 Space Intelligences, first demonstrated his ability to use a self-induced Yogic                                                    ENGLAND
                                                                                    ,    674 Crenshaw Blvd.                         757 Fulham Rood
 trance, in Caxton Hall, 'London, in order to convey the Wisdom of Aetherius
 to the public.       "                                                             I'   Los Angeles 5, California
                                                                                         Phone: 931-4220.
                                                                                                                                    London S. W. 6, England
                                                                                                                                    Phone: REnown 4187
        In the early days he hod to face much prejudice and opposition from all
 sides. He stood a,lone, save for one or two people who recognized that the                                                         Telegraphic address:
 contact was in every way genuin~. Strangers would tell him that he could not                                                       AETHERIUS LONDON ENGLAN-O
 continue for more than three months. His friends would constantly remind him
 of the dangers of such a deep trance condition before the general public. He                             THE AETHERIUS S<?CIETY BRANCHES
 would only smile and reply that he was well aware of these dangers.
        As time went on, so the Messoges from the Space Intelligences increased
 in,length, regularity, importance and urgency. The strain on George King                AMERICA                                    CANADA
 was enormous, but those who knew him best were often amazed at the abundant
 energy of the man. He would often work twelve hours a -day at business, then            Miss Edna Spencer                          Mrs. Ida Galloway
 return home and 'after a bath and a light meal, would go into'trance so that            13147 Turner                               213, Inverness Ave
 Aetherius could give His Messoge of Wisdom and advice to mankind.                       Detroit 38, Michigan.                      E. Hamilton, Ontario.
        A single poge, duplicated, news-sheet was started. This soon developed
 into a small magazine called, UAetherius Speaks II • In some strange way this           AUSTRALIA                                  NETHERLANDS
 magazine found its way abroad. Letters started to come in from all over the             Mrs. E-.Chalmers                          Miss Corie von der Schalk
,World. The publ~c meetings become more frequent, as George King was fea-                8/Dublin Street                           2, Prins Bernhardlaan
 tured as a lecturer by other, larger groups.                                            Yeronga, Brisbane,                        Baarn.
        The general pace increased so much, that on August 2, 1956, George               Queensland.
  King founded The Aetherius Society. The ,aims upon which this Society was
  founded, were dictated by Saint Goo-ling, a Member of The Great White
  Brotherhood; still living upon Eart,h.
         Under Doctor King's leadership as Founder-Chairman and help given by
  elected Commi~tee Members, The Aetherius Society grew steadily. This growt~
                                      -2-                                                                                      - 15 -
                                                                                     THE COMMAND IS GIVEN
                         ENGLAND
North lancashire                                                 On a Saturday morning, early in May 1954, The Reverend Doctor George King
                                      South lanCXlshire
                                                                 was given a Command to:
Mr .Mrs. E. Tapsell                   Mr.Mrs. W. Wallwork
The Cottage                           38, littlemoor Road             ·PREPARE YOURSE_lF I YOU ARE TO BECOME THE VOICE OF
Burton-in-lonsdale                   Clitheroe.                  INTERPLANETARY PARlfAMENT. a
Nr •Carn forth ,                                                         This was no psychic apparition or vague voice in the head. The voice
                                                                 which made this pronouncement, in perfect English, was completely physical
Yorkshire                            -Dorsett                    and held a peculiar musical and deep penetrating quality, not fX>Ssessed by any
Hazel Goldsborough                    Peter lawless              ordinary earthly voice. (Read Cosmic Voice, Volume No. I, page 34.)
58, Clifton Crescent                 Black Tarpon                        In those days, George King had not heard of Interplanetary Parliament.
Barnsley.                            Cobss Quay                  For ten years previous to this, he had 'been a keen student of the Spiritual phil-
                                     Hamsworth, Poole.           osophies of East and West. He had practiced the ancient Mystic scie~ce of
                                                                 Yoga for as long as nine hours per day. Many times through this ten year per-
North Devon                                                      iod, sleep, spare time and vacations were given up to the practice of the
                                                                 greatest form of Spiritual development and Yoga, known to mankind. Urged on
George Humphrey                                                  by some great inner Power, he drove himself relentlessly to practice, for hou~s
24, Brooksfield Street                                           each day, Mantra, Kriya, Raja, Gnani and the secret Kundalini Yoga, until
Bideford.                                                        he developed the abilUy to throw off the veils of basic materjatistic thought and
                                                                 by the conscious control of the great Power of Kundalini within himself, he was
                                                                 able to enter the deeper, more fasting states of true Meditation. His deep per-
                                                                 ception and clairvoyant powers had e~abled him to perform outstanding feats of
                                                                 H_e aling. Some of his patients, who had been atJ~nding doctors for years with-
                                                                 out any apparent success, were cured within a few days of their meeting with
                                                                 George King. Not once did he make any charge for his Healing s-e rvices. His
                                                                 life in those days, as it is today, was devoted to ,HeaUng those who were suffer-
                                                                 ing and to teaching thQSe who were ready for the deeper Spiritual awareness
                                                                 which gave life a true, more understandable mea~ing to them.
                                                                         Therefore, being already a highly trained occultist, when the CosmJc
                                                                 Command was given, he could appreciate its vUal significa~ce, even thpugh
                                                                 at that time, he could not fully understand it.


                                                            f'                 VISITATION' BY A GREAT MASTER
                                                            .,          Eight days after the Command hod been issued, Doctor King, sitting alone
                                                                 in his small apartment in london's teeming West-end, stjrred to the in~ermost
                                                                 depths.of his being by the deep implications of this Command, was visited by a
                                                                 Master of Yoga. The Master walked straight through the locked door into his
                                                                 small apartment and sat down facing the other, who recognized his visitor at
                                                                 o~ce. This was no psychic experience, but a ph~ical visitation by a Yogi of
                                                                 great renown from NortherI') India, who, to tl1isay, is still alive on Earth and
                                                                 is to all appearances an Earth man. The boards b~neath the Master's feet
                                                                 creaked as He crossed the floor, the springs of the choir creaked as He sat down.
                                                                        The renowned Swami;i knew all about the previous event and gave precise
                                                                 instructions in highly advanced and, hitherto, completely secret Yogic prac-

                             - 16-                                                                   - 1-
                                                                                ,I

The Spiritual Aims of The Aetherlus Society:
                                                                                II
                                                                                           PUBLICATIONS BY    THE AETHERIUS SOCIETY.

                                                                                 !

                                                                                          THE NINE FREEDOMS
  1. To spread the teachings of the Masters Aetherius, Jesus and
     other Cosmic Masters.                                                                YOU AR E RESPONSIBLE!
                                                                                 1
                                                                                 I
                                                                                 ~        MY CONTACT WITH THE GREAT WHITE     BROTHERHOOD
  2. To administer Spiritual Healing.
                                                                                          LIFE ON THE PLANETS
  3. To prepare the way for the coming of the next Master.
                                                                                          FLYING SAUCERS

  4. To organize the Society so as to create favourable conditions                        YOUR HIGHER SELF THROUGH YOGA
     for closer contact with and ultimately meetings with people
                                                                                          , THE PRACTICES OF AETHERIUS
     from the other Planets.                                                    "

                                                                                          WISDOM OF THE PLANETS
  5. To tune in and radiate the Power transmitted during a Holy
     time or Spiritual Push~ in order to enhance all Spiritual prac·                      COSMIC VOICE
     tices, irrespective of one's religious be1iefs.
                                                                                    I     COSMIC   VOICE, VOLUME NO.1

  6. To form a Brotherhood based Qn the teachings and knowledge                           COSMIC VOICE, VOLUME NO.2
                                                                                    \
     of the Cosmic Masters. ,
                                                                                     I
                                                                                     ,I
                                                                                          A SERIES OF LESSONS IN APPLIED METAPHYSICS, ETC.

  7. To spread the Spiritual Operation known as Operation Star·
     light throughout the World, as directed by the Space People.


The Aetherius Society is non·political, non·sectarian and non.profit·
making.


Printed and published by The Aetherius Society, 674 Crenshaw Blvd .• los
Angeles 5, California. Any reproduction or translation from "The Story Of The
Aetherius Society" must bear the appropriate aCk~ow1edgement.
•   I


                            36~
                            £
                          THE STORY
                 I

             ~1
                     1)
             H
            I:)
                 1
                                              ---..

             "
                 I

                 I


                                  -   ...--


            ,.


                                                      ,,'" .,.~.


        ,     I
            .,1\,
 late in the afternoon. in ti~ to book into a couple. of the local hotds.     ,
      The n~xt day, 1UesdaY.August 15th. the. Team split up as for more than halll out                               THE LAST CHARGE
 number. Blll. Reg. Gerry. Ray and Niel. the termination ol their ann'ual holidays was              As the Sun sank loW below the horizon on the 15th August, the team consisting
 fast approaching. leaving George. Monique. Keith and I. to move on else"Nhere to tackle       of George King. Monique Noppe. Michael Park .and mysclf w«e packing up to
 any further phase or phases of Operation Starlight. the! Space People might deem neces·       journey on to what would be the clOse of Operation Sta.rfigbt. J3ehilld us lay the glories
 sary for OUl Leader to accompli $h.        '                                                  of the past few days. No longer was Davos and its nearby mountain Madrigcrfluh an
   .. It was with so~e regret that the palting was made. lor we all felt very deeply the       ordinary place. Mount Madrlgttfluh now stood as a 6hining jewel beckoning men to its
 spInt of comradeshlp and mutual co-operation that md developed between us during              Holy Shrine of Service. Davos was now a town Which. wcul4. in the future. act as
 the past ten days. which bad stood the test of adversity O'n so many ~O'm.                    resting place for 'Pilgrims from aU parts of Europe.
       Bidding cur ccmrades fa,rewell we returned to the hotel. As they vanished into
                                                                                                    Whilst in the mountains of Kc.rbschorn. George King had been telepathically
                         r
 tho distance. Keith and wondered what ctha; mountains in Eurcpe George King would
                                                                                               contacted by a Great Cosmic Master and told that. after the (barging of Mt. Mad-
 be called upon to scale. before our eventual return to England.
                                                                                               ,igedluh. there would be cne more mountain to receive a Charge of Sp~ritual Energy in
                                                                                               Operation Starlight.      '
                                                                                                    The next moming on the 16th August. we motored O'ut of Davos in the Bedford
                                                                                               DormO'bile and took, the wiodling, climbing route to Arosa. a small town nestling in
                                                                                               the valley on the other side olf Mount Mad'rigerfil.b. This W:as done with a view to
                                                                                               taking photographs and movie film of Mad;rigerfluh. whiett. frorn Arosa stands taU
                                                                                               and majestic. HOIW'eVer. our hopes were soon dashed to the ground as thick cloud had
                             THE FINALE                                                        envdoped the \\1101e'vaUey. DU(ing that night it snowed heavily. even though it was
                                                                                               August. The next morning brought no change. so we journeyed on. Out excursion to
                                                           By KEIrn D. ROBERTSON              'ArOsa. it would appear. had been a waste of time.
       lust over three years ago on the 23rd ludy. 1958. a lonely man walking under the             Our route 'Was westward. Through the windi'ng, twisting rough foads of the
  gaze of a cloud dimmed moon at mJdn'ight. climbed to the top of lIoldstone Down in           Swiss AI:P$. We chugged our way. The journey from now on became likened to a slow
  North Devonshire. England. to keep a fendezvous with a Man from the Planet Venus             ride on a somewhat rough switchback. At the same time. the scenery sOared to .
 --e Space Man Whose earth name had been bandied about by Saint and sinner for:                majestic proportions: higher and higher We journeyed. only to plunge ,again into lush
  centuri~ Space Man Whose Teachings through the centuries had suffered m.iscOn·               green valleys, bedecked with mountain streams which had become roaring. scintilating
  ccived interpretations by fools and charlatans. 1his Space Man was the l\1ASTER              torrents of cold snow water which da$hed their way between the ancient .rocks.
, 1ESUS; the man dim1>ing Holdstone Down that night was George King. the Olairman                   The night ot the 17th saw us in the quaint old town of Disentiserbof \\>here the cld
  of The Aetherius Society. (See next issue for fu:1t details. of this historic meeting).      traditional Swliss language of Romanesque is still spoken and proudmy'ddended by its
       This meeting was to spark cff the mOst important Metaphysical task undertaken           exponents when treated with ridicule by the more sophisticated linguist. The next day.
  on Earth (()(f lOO,QO() years. A task which. at the same time. has become one of the         we jO'UlCneyed through the finest scenery that Europe has to offer. Over the breathtakirig
  most controversial topics among • armchair • Metaphysical students, but not to the true      heights of the OberaJp Pass; past the enchantment of the Rhone Glacier and then over
  foHolWers, of The Aetherius Society.                                                         the wonders of the Furka Pass. We aluived in the smal~ town of Brig. to stay yet
       At the time. not only was a stream of Great Spiritual Energy released throogh           another nJght amidst the charm of a cui/ture undisturbed ~y war and strife for
  George King by The Master Jesus to stop a war which was ~rewing in the Lebanon               hundreds of ,years.
  area. ~ut unknown to George King at the time. The Master JesU$ also sent through                  By 4.00 p.m. on August the 19th. we had arrived at a smail camping site in Les
  him. a stream of vibrant Spiritual Energy into Holdstone Down turo'tng that mountain         Bossons. just over the border in France at the foot of the mammoth Mont Blanc
  into a Migb,ty Cosmic Battery.                                                               mountain range. Here was scenic wonder unsurpassed in our travels and only marred
       Operation Starlight bad started.                                                        by having to pitch. tents yet again. for not one of the Operation Starlight team were
       Through the three years which followed, George King, under deftnite instructions        wiHing campers and aH would have preferred to bed do'Wll ill a comfortable hotel. But
  from Space Intelligences travel~ed over two-thirds of this Globe together with carefu:J1y    alas. as usual. as it had aH begun. so- it wculd en4: Opetation Starlight W3s fated to be
  cho-se;n Teams 'in order that he may act as Olannel for 17 more mountains to be ener-        performed on a financial shoo-string!
  gised in a sim~lar fashion. Many hardships, privations and a good d~ of mental                    As the Sun sank below the mighty dome of Mont Blanc. we shivered our way in
  frustration togeth« ~tb ronstant Jack of funds, was the only nward Cor George King           and out of tents or the small caravan. As usual with camping, preparing ,food, dearing
  throughout the' whole Operation which W3s to end three y~rs later, high in the French        away and getting to' bed was tantamount to a strategic cperation. which made us almost
  All'S. overlooking the Olamonix Valley in Southern France on August 23rd. 1961.               awestruck that many people do this for enjoyment cn their surnmer'Vacatioos; At this
                                             16                                                                                            17
  tim.e, alsO'•. Gror~e l<ln? suttered, a strange MI~ous attack; BY' about 7.00 p.rn. he was    <kcend around us.
 so lIt that It was Jm,posSIlble {or hIm to sleep theJ night under canvas. He needc<l a warm.         At mid-day we reached a horizontal ~tretch 0 £ rock strewn ground. situated just
                                                                                                                                                    1

 dry room and bed. So almost in desperatiO'n. after finding nO" accommodation in Les            below the summit and. leaving US to guard the equipment there. Goorge. alone now.
  Bossons. be was driveA into Chamonix, to sleep the night in a hotel there.                    as cn previous occasions. made his way accoss the last few hundred snow covered yards
       We rose the next day with the big question in our minds-which was the moun-              to the top; then walked a little further down on the opposite side of Madtigerfluh. until
  tain t? be charged? In many ways. it would appear that MO'nt Blane. being the highest         no'Jonger in viefW from our vantage point.
 land m Europe would be chosen by Space InteUigmces tor (barging. HO'wever this                       We did not have to wait IO'ng. however. Our Leader emerged O'nce again triumph"
 consti.tlJ'tes a 3 ~r. 4 day climb amidst beavy snows all the year round. Only the'most        ant from his Metaphysical ordeal. and with ice axe waved aloft. beckoned us to join
 c,xponenced Alpmlsts wouid be able to attempt, this and although the Operation Star-           him and enjoy the inesti,mable privilege of being the first of many ,pilgrims who would
 lIght Team cooJcl haw easily managtd this, ,hoW many Pilgrims would be able to                 ultimately. stand on that mOuntain and radiate through thffi1Sclves. the wondrous
 fO'llow later? Very tefW indeed.                                                               Spiritual Energies now residing there. to aU the peoples of the world.                    '
       Where. then. wouid the Olarged Rock be?                                                        Words could not possibly adequately express out' true fedings. of our having had
     . We busied ourselves most-of-the-day-taking-photographs~ Grorge King had                  bestowed upon us, a Divine privilege which not in a rnillion Iiv'es could We hope to
 a~flV~ around mid-day at the camping site. now very much better for his peaceful               repay; as We stood on that Chlrged Rock and expetiCnced lor the fIrst time, tne Holy
 night m an hO'td. In, the afternoon, local ski lifts were duly examined and 6naUy              )?OW'el' coursing its way through our auras.
 Goorge King decided to attempt a cHmib the foUowing day from the top of the ski lift                 Hcwever' putting aside OU!l' reveries, we immediately turned to Goorge~ who had
 at BdIevue. a few miles further west of Lcs Bossons.                      '                    experienced a terrible drop  in   OO<.My tem~atU!Ce as a direct result ~ the Operat~on.
       The folIowing day. complete with climbing boots and the necessary geat we                and gave him some ho,t tea preparro on a httIe portable gas stove, specIally brough't up
 traveliled on the skimt     to Bellevue, where we chamlbered aboard the mO'untain tram-        fO'r the purpose; ,whilst the rest O'f us apart from Monique. whO' actuaUy cooked a hot
 way which groaned as it WOUXld its way up the preCipitous cliffs to •• Le Nid d'Aigk:!         meal. made ou!CSclves useful taking cinefilm and 35 mm. colour photO's of the area. These
'which is the base fot the climb to Mont l31ane. The Chargeri mountain simply had               would. of course. eventually form a priceless pictorial repreSentation of this phase of
 to be in this di<rection. If nO't, the actual summit of Mont Blane then en route some-         a truly unique Spi.fitual operation. We remembered the words of that Great Master.
 where overlooking the YaJIley.                                                                 Sainlt Goo-Ung... Operation Starlight is the mo~ important ~ingle Occult task ever
       MO'ving away from the tramway $top. We took the steep. rocky slope toward$ a             undertlken on this Earth for the last 100,000 years."
 high peak. en route to Mont Blane called .. Aguit de Gouwt ". This turned cut to be a                Our Leader now dully revived and partially rested. we {C<turned to cur forme(
 long. tedious climb. and although our roUite was marked as & path. the bouIde:Ntrewn           position. and. collecting the, gear. h1~:)Ved C?ff down the mo~ntainside wit~ a ~lazing
 rourse we took could hardly have come unde>f such a title. EventuaHy. We arrived at a          summe>f sun beating down on us. which qUilckly removed evidence of the anttuslon of
 broken down mo'untain but which couM hardly bave offered much sheltet to a stranded            winter O'nly the day belore.
 alpInist. However. this gave US the opportunity to brew some welcome tea on O'ur                     We auived back at the hut at 4 p.rn. to be greeted by Gerry HO'ldaway. who had,
 small French. portable gas stove and take ,a few photographs.                                  unselfishly' volunteeced to remain behind. in order to keep an eye on things during out
       It was at this point that the big questiO'n arose. We were still a good tWo days         absence.
 climb from the summit of Mont manc with an overnight stay' in the new1y completed                    The great 18th phase of Operation Starlight was now completed. Rather as an
 mountain hut on .. Aguit de Goulet ", Were we to go back and come again next day               antidimax perhaps. the remainder of the day was spent drying oUit O'Ulr sodkfen tents and
 wi'~h fu31 provisions for such a climb. or wooiId the Charged Rock, be along the ridge         equipment. and generally preparing foc out somewhat re1uctant return to so-called
 which faced us? The latter seemed likely. as it overlooked the Oiamonix Valley some            ciVilisation on the morrow.
 8000 feet high. but it was still far from being the highest ground in the region.                    Our second and last night spent in the hut was certainly no mO're comfortable than
       George King decided that we would return to Les Bossons and at least make the,           the first. but at least we had the satisfaction of knowi'ng that' the object of the climb,
 climb lO't a second time the nex.t day. {uHy stocked with provisions {or a pOss1ble ascent     had been accomplished wIthout mishap. With a HttIe spare time on Out hands at l~n.g
 o( MO'nt Blanc.                                                                                last, having first attended to the usual chores that ar.e part a:nd pared of an O'~atIO'n
       We arrived back at Les Bossons in the vaI~ey quite tired at about 6.00 p.rn. with        ot this nature. We spent the remainder of the evenIng talking aoout our experlences
 rather a sense Ol{ frustration. not knowi'ng what our next move would be. As yet, George       eadier on in the day. and Wondering what mountainous part cf. Europe the Powers
 King had not been told where the, exact location of the Olarged R~k would be                   that Be would lead us to next.                                          '" '
 except that it would be in this area, and with such. a heap of possible locations con-               The team rose at abO'ut 9.00 a.m. the following morning. Monday. August' 14th. and
 fronting us, gave us a problem. not experienced on Operation Starlight belore. tn fact.        after a more leisureiy breakfast than h~therto. loaded up the rucksacks and set off along
 it is worth noting here. that in the whole three years of Operation Starlight, we never         the path back to the top of the ski lift. We an:ived there at. mid-day. and .ts on the
 experienced the same prO'bIlems twice. There had alwayS b«n something fresh to contend         previous occasion. had lunch at the local resta?t~nt nearby. the first j b<)'l~ht meal for
 with on every phase of this mighty task, which, on ~ftec:tion, was a great privikge to          fout days; then. duly nourished. caught the skt hft down to Davos reachIng the town
                                             18                                                                                             15
       lWtausted and snowbound, these, valiant lour staggered intO' the but. cast Qtt thei.C'       ex.pMerKe tor ~h a Godly cause.
 beavy burd~ and pr:ot«tive clothing. and warmed themselves by a roaring stove, the                      However, the next day, George King ~nt in making enql.lld~ fcom the local
 f~~ for which bad been mercifully, if unknowingly, prQvided by the local ski club.                 mo.un.taineering clU'bs abQut dimbing cond:ition~ O'n MO'nt Blanc and also made enquiries
 ~1111st the rest O'f us kept them supplied with hot drinks.                                        about climbs on the peaks the Qther side of the vaUey-so as to leave no stone unturned
   • ~it~ the fact t~t half the Team' had rome '"thin an ace of dying from exhaus-                       By the evening. it was decided to again climb to the MQnt Blanc trail tully
 t~n, Indudlng our valiant Leader, and we were marooned in a mountain hut fO'r: the                 equipped in case Space Intelligences ordered George King to' climb the summit Q,f Mont
 t~e bei,ng at any rate. our positiQn was at least secure in so far: as everyQne. b-y the           Blanc. So. Qn the 23rd August. at 6.00 a.m.• George•.Mike Park. and I caught the 8.00
 tune they had thawed out, .was still in a fit state for further cHmbin,g: We had sufficient        a.m. ski lift to BeilvJoo. RetUlning again to the valley. I picked up some mor:e gear. as to'
 f~ fQ.C' five days and aU cur precious camera and climbing equipment bad survived                  take full climbing gear for the team. tor. such a pO'ssi'ble venture. needed twO' trips;, the
 the initial stages O'f the Operation intact.                                                       ski lilt not being a very large affair. By 10.45 a.m. I had arrived back at .. Le Nid
   , It was a cold. cr:isp. but sunny dawn that greeted us O'n that Sunday of August 13th.          d'Aigle" with extra equipment and we aU set o.ff again alQng the steep rocky trail.
  1961. as we flung wide the door O'f out snow-covered cabin and behdd the object of                     The weather was fine and we lost no Qpportunity in taking photograpbs and some
 out journey. mighty Madtigerfiuh. tQwerlng above us like a great pyramid Qn the Qppo.              exceilent movie film. GraduaUy. we cli,mbed over the large boulders and eased Qursdves
 site side of the vaUey.                                                                            actoss the deep crevices in the rock until again We came to the broken dow'n mountain
       George pointed out that in view of the, very inc1enient Alpine summer weather we             but. We had come again to the cro.ssroads of cur jO'urney. Wet:e we to' co.ntinue on to'
 w(!Ce ~ving. an attack Qn the summit WQuld have to be attempted Qn that day. lest                  Mont Blanc O'.C' were we to. forge ahead alQng the ridge Qverlooking the vaHey.
 We lose the initiative to the clements. causing us to' withdraw down the mountainside                   .Many minutes ~icked by. as Grorge King pondered upon the $ituatiQn. Fi,nally he
  b-ack to' DaVQs. with nOthing positive accomplished.                                              decided to' strike oult along the ridge.
. . . Theretore after a basty b-reaklast. 't he Team donned their climbing equi:pment and '              Walking O'ver a snow drift which had o,bViQ.usly nQt mclted fo.r many months and
 with t.rusty ice axes in hand, set off alQng the tQP Qf the. snow covered valJey heading           wb.ich was at least 30 foot high. we started to approach the brown heap of rocks which
  NO'~ .west i·n the direction Qf the tOOt of the mountain. With George in the lead and
                                                                                                    nature had fO'rmed O'n the edge of the precipice. If the Olarge was to. be placed in this
  Kcitn taking up the rear. mQvie camera at the ready.                                              region. $uccly. I thO'ught. it wiH be on these rocks some\\-11ere alQng this trail.
                                                                                                         After about 2S minutes of slow trudging. Grorge King surprisingly enQugh halted
       It took the less experienced memb¢rs O'f the party like mysclf. some time to' become         us arid asked for l~h to. be SC{Ved. Cold chicken was on the menu arid afte«' Qur
 acclimatised to. the unfamiliar conditiQns under toot, especiaUy the lo.ng • ,ivulets • 0(         dimb it tasted de:l.icious. After washing this down with the usual tea. George King
  scree (small loose ,ocks) W'e were con'stantly traversing. that caused Qn<:l to. slip sud-        decided to' strike cut alQ,ne. Even at this time, he was nQt certain that this was the J:i,ght
 denly:. · mO're oftm than not QnIy the quitk use of an ice axe preventing a greater                area. As he lelt, he arranged that if he waved his ice pkk to US. this wo.uld be a signal
 fall _ •• r
                                                                                                    that he was on the right track and would commence to' climb the wall Qf rock O'ver-
      However parJ.doxicaUy enQugh. the ice and snow that on only the pre'Vious day                 looking the vaUey. If nQt. he wouid beckQn us Qn.
 had been cur undoing. now transformed themselves intO' a ventab-}e blessing. tor the even                Hastily pkking up .the 16mm. movie camera I filmed his departUle with. mixed
 mQre treacherous scree running up to the su:nmit Qf Madrigerfluh. Qn all sides, that               feelzings-hopizng that this rocky ledge would be the place chQsen by Space IntcllJgences
 George. 'Monique and I had observed at the time of the scouting foree. was now                     for the O1.arged Rock. The thQught o,f clim~ing MQnt Blanc was pleasant. but the
 blanketed with snO'w, whkb ca~ the rOCks to' bind together better. giving a much                   thought Qf $pending a night in an overcrQw\kd communal mountain hut soon counter·
 firmer surface upon which to. climb. This of course ena:bled US to make far quicker            ,   acted this. and I found myseM hoping and hoping that ••• this was IT!
 progress than might Qtlierwise have been . the case, so within twO' and a balf hQurs of        •         Indeed it was!                       .
 starting out. we had gained a tenuous foothold Qn the long ridge that led to' the sumtnit.               George King. waving his ice axe at us. $uddenly branched Qff and s.tarted to' clzimb
      George. with the Team taking up the rear. mOved O'n up the ridge but after a {em              the rocky cliff to Qur lelt.                                        . . ,
 minutes' prQgress tame face to' face with the WQrst obstacle encountered so far. In                      The minutes ~kked by. We wondered what was happerung, high Qn that cliff
 front of him was a narrow. but deep and treacherous gulley. running at right angles                Qverlooking the peacefullittIe vaHey Qf (bamQnix • '.• then suddenly. George appeared
 to the track. wb.i.cl1 feU away sha.rply O'n the western side o{ th<:l mountain. into the          again waving his ice axe to come ahead •••
 ArOO\ Valley thQusands 0'( feet below. A rope was thrQwn. and hitching himself to it.                    IT WAS FINISHED! nIlS GIGANTIC OPERATION WAS NOW ••.• OVER I
 George. with the utmost care. edged his way across the ice co'Yered ,ock's to the Qther                  It Was bard to grasp this at tirst. yet it was tcue enQugh. Afttt 3 rears of travelling
 side. His reconnaissance o.f this area was nQt a {avou:rable one, so the rest 0'( the Team.        and hardship and sacrifice, Operation Starlight (Was 1noW' over.
 baving first retrieved the rope. descended twO' Qr three hundred teet acro.ss some diffl·                On the top o.·f the ridge. the View was Ol3.gn.iftcent. As mual, the Charged R~k
 clit terrain. skirted a rocky bluff and the gUlIey in question. and reascended Qn to' the           $tood very mlXh alQne and appeared to' be perched .on top o.f the World O'verloo)clng
 ridge to jO'in Out Leader a Httle nearer the objective. Unfortunateiy thi$ detO'U{ wasted          al1 F.rance.
 many mi~utes of preciQUS time. for even then at ll.30 l .m. the clQuds bad begun to.                     Paintizng the Aetherius Society symbol Qn the Rock. we busied o.urselves fo..C' some
                                             14                                                                                                   19
       /
 tninutes. taking photographs and mO'vie tUm. Unfortunately. the area o,t movement                           broad vaHey, from which point. Madtigertluh would be within negO'tiable' climbing
 around the ~rged Roct was J?«haps the $ll1allest We had encountered during the                              distance O'n the O'ther side.           '
 whole OperatiO'n. One false move would have sent us plunging something like 8,000                                   This we decided W'3.St the .route to be taken in the strenuous days ahead of us; for
 fed into the vaUey bdow, for the top of the x-idge here was only about 8 foot across                        among its advantages was a so'undly constructed wooden but. situated some two miles
 an~ fNery step had to be carefully judged. ni,is cramped O'ut style cons<idetably in                        neatet the mO'untain than our present VUlnerable campirig site. First and foremost. as
 takIng phO'tographs and we l'iad to be cOntent with a series of shots. very similar to O'ne                 this inhial sortk had only been in.tended ~s a practice cIi!l1b, it was essential that the
 another.                                                                                                    majority of our number should gO' down to Davos again to collect as much additional
       Even then. it was still dif:fkl.lJlt {or me to' grasp the {act that Operation Starlight               food and equipment tha,t cOuld be carried just s<o that the assault on the mO'untain itseH
 was over.                                                                                           ,..     would be a practical proJX)Sition. ,So it Was that Keith Rcbertson. Bill Mayhew, Reg
       How 10'ng~ J Pondered, WO'uld it take fot mankind to realize the vita,} significance                  and Gerry Holdaway and Peter law1ess. set off on \iliat turned out to be a most
 of this gigantic task.                                   .                                                  arduo\J!S trek down to Davos again. leaving our Leader. Monique Nappe. Nid Goldie
      The Earth is now adomoo with nineteut jtwds- in Her body. One stage further                            and myseH to sort things out at camp.
 has been_romplete~U1Jh~ p'r~ration o(~e wedding gown tonhe Cosmic Bdde. The                                         Fortunately the moming was dry and sunny. ~ich permitted us to lay ~ut on
 Earth is now one step nearet -t() Hei Great Iiiitiation willch- thOSie-With a troubloo                      the grass the sleeping gear-soaked during the previous night, and to generally take stock
 commce do not look forward to.                                                                            , of out position. In the afternoon after lunch. George, Monique and I. set out O'n a
       Will it take a new race O'f men to aPl?reciate O~.fation Starlight? It will certainly                 reconnaissanCe of the area, leaving Niet, who had not been Ceding at aU well. to rest
 take a new concept to realize that man's place o,f wcrship is now on the hills and                          and recuperate. and look after the' camp during out abSence.
 mO'un,tain tops O'f Earth: that Prayer is nO"t a vague dreamy thing for use by a few                                01.111' little foray into the .. unknown" merely c01.'llirmed the deductions we had
 O'n a Sunday morning, but an exact Science, where men can indeed commune with the                           made from the map the night before. The chief advantage of the particular route
 kbsoIute: can mO've mountains; can heal his brother's sickness; can overcome ignorance                      clioscn was thc KO'rbshotn Hut. which wouM. in an emergency, provide us with a
 -the greatest evil o,f all: and thus rise to' the very beights of Spirituality.                             sound .refUge quite close to Madrigerfluh. Although we did not .reat.ise it then on :hat
      Ope.ration Starlight has indeed given to man the key to his salvation. It is Uip to.                   warm, sunny Augus.t afternoon. but this same hut was about to prove our phySIcal
 man now. Whether he us-es this key, O'r throws it yet again into the bottomless pit of                      salvation.
 ignorance. One thing is certain. Next time this happens. it will take place upon a distant"                         Following yet another tempestoous night. as a result of which cur camp site became
 star. for thOse allowed to ~y on this Earth will be those who have taken t~ key oow                         half flooded. with the Team and equipment suffering varying degrees of w~t~ damage.
 offered and used it ••• Wisely:                                                                             George decided that before we_ were washed completely off the mountamslde, team
                                                                                                             membets should make their respective ways toWl!~S the Korbshorn Hut. carrying
                                                                                                             with them as much gear in one journey as possi,b-Ie.
                               SPECIAL NOTE                                                                          George and Monique left first followed shO'rtly afterwards by Ray, Keith. Bill.
                                                                                                             Reg and Getey. with Niel and I taking up the rear haU an hO'ut later.                 .,
    For directiO'ns and complete climbing instructions of the two last mO'untains in                                 By ll.30 a.m. the driving rain bad turned into a .raging blizzard, but despite this
Operation Starlight. please carefully .read pages 13 and 14 o·f COsmic VO'ice Issue                          turn for the wo.rse. George, Keith, Bill and Reg, left the warm comfort o( the h~.
No. 25.                                                                                                      and bravely journeyed cut intO' the snO'w in or<kr to pick \lip the tents that had unavOlld·
    All WOUld-tie pilgrims are cautioned oot,to attempt a climb in eithet Switzerland,                       ably been left behind earJ.ier- on. They discovered that within the short space o( an
or F.rance withO'ut carefully .readJng these instruction~ Co.rrect mountain climbing                 •       hour. the camping site had been turned into a veritable frozen Jake. After much eff~rt,
equipment is absolutely essential, especially as a raging blizzard may come on very                           they managed to prise those inhospitable bits of. frozen canvas {rom the grudgxng
quickly. Take notice of this warning.                                                                         tundra. Then, by this time a.t_ least twice their normal ~ght. carri~ them back to
                                                              GEQRGE KING.                                   the Aethetius Society's newly adopted woodm sanctuary. In the mou~taIn<?us ~stes ~f
                                                                                                             Switzerland. which had expressed such vehement disapproval of ou<\, lOtruslon mto theu'
                               RISE IN PRICE                                                                 forbidden OOmain.
                                                                                                                     At this stage I wowd remind .readers that these ones did not endut~ such ~ysical
        The puJblishe.rs .regret that they have been forced by risirig cO'sts, to .raise the price            sutIeri'ng because of SOome inO'rdinate taste for beroics. but beCause. haVing the xnterest
. O'f the Textbook-COSMIC VOICS-tly &1. (15c. abroad) pet 8ingle ropy. This is the                           of the pianet as a whole at heart. they considered such experiences a Divine privilege.
  first rise in the price 0.£ CoSmic Voice since August. ·l957.                                               that enaob[ed one rather special man to climb to the top of ~ CettaiIl'.mo?O,tain. fcr the
        For the time being, subscription for 6 ~es ru'e not aJf·edcd by this prke change:                                                         Ear!h
                                                                                                              pl.1:I1)OSe 0'£ being used to give to         man a battery ?f Light. wh~ch 1Il' future yea'r:s
  The subscription .rate for Q issues is unclianged at lQs. cr $3.50 post free.                               'WOuld be used by bim. as a positive xnstrument of serVlCe for the direct benefit o£ hlS
        You can ~ve mO'ney by becoming a subscriber now!                                                      fellowmen.
                                                20                                                                                                          13
 times be nigh on ill$up«al>le.
     After a hectic jour~ey cf some fifty miles. we arrived in the winter sports resort
of !>avos lat~ en ~~esday aftct'noon. and having inbibed some tea. sought out yet
another camping Site $~tuated in a small wood some two miles from the town. Thur_sday.
                                                                                                    THE CHRISTMAS MESSAGE·
~ugust 10th broke bf~t an~ s1;l'lny in true Alpine fasbion. putting us straight away                      On December 20th. 1961. at The Aetherius Society Headquarters in Los Angeles,
 In the mood for m<>untam climbmg. It was not long after breakfast that George added                 starting at 8.30 p.m., the following series of highly significant, Transmissions were
 fuel to cur enthusiasm. by telling us tOO-t he had chosen a small range of meuntains               delivered through the Reverend George King. to an audience of about 70 people.
 ~myle North We:st side of l?'lvos. for .the purpose of a breaking.in practice di~; but                   Everyone wile had heard about His previous severe injuries just prier to the trans-
 Intm:ated t~t gemg by pte'VloU$ expcnence. one of the charged meuntains to be. could               mutation of the centre of evil \\<b-k b existed on •• Garouche", was pleased to hear the
 be satuated an that area and advised US to. be prepared for such an eventuality. Duly               Master AetheriU$ announce that Mars Sector 8 was... as well as can be expected ".
 warned. the Team made sure to tak~ aU necessary meun,taincering equi'pment, foOO,
 cameras. film. tents. etc.• as George antendcd that we $hOuld spend at least one night                   As readers know this world caHed under the pseudonym of .. Garouche", was
 on the mountains, in erdet to acclimatise ourselves to alt1tude.                                   run by foot evil intelligences. \\<bo. as w'ell as hypnetising every lifestream upon that
                                                                                                c   world. had their eye more than once on the conquest of this Earth of ours. Study of
      At 11.30 a:m., the \vd.l equipped pa-rty left the campin.g si,te and drcve jnto !>avos,       "The Mars StoI'y!" in my latest book You Are Respomible. will give you a little idea
 parked the vchic!cs. and too~ the local tr~ck railway and ski lift up to the Strcl.apass;          of the ingenuity of these evil schemers and the science at their command. Yet even
where, after haVJng tirst fort.i1icd our bodies witb a good meal at a nearby restaurant,            evil as strong as this. cannet last and it was overthrown in what m'U$t bave been .a ,
we made off along-an undulating path running in a south-westerJy direction overlooking              gigan-tic eperation pec{ormed by Mars Sector 8 and several other Masters under the
and parallel with the DavO$ VaHey. thousands of f~ below.                      •
                                                                                                    command of that brilliant Interplanetary Strategist-Mars Sector 6. There is a great
    . As you can -imagine, the view was bUy magni<1k:ent. with the long backbone of the             meral in this s.tory for us all.
sncw-capped ~haetian Alps far away.in the distance to. the East olf \)$ • . For ·poople who               During this series of Transmissions. Mars Sector 8 gave us some wonderful advice
     ?f
had. ·necesSIty. b~ connned to ,a noisome city existence (or so long. this was an                   regarding the transmutation of fear of wrucp He Himself must be an Adept.
e~~lcnce that our thl.rsty souls grasped at, breathing in the exhnarating prana laden                     Mars Sector 6 went en to remind us aU. that it is practice which really counts-
al-r 1ll. great gulps. as If each breath was ' to be OU( last. We feasted our eyes on the           not tiheory. He reminded us, yet again. very forcefully, that we were responsible for
everlasting beauty of~" She who. in sacrifice. had made a spa~ refuge fo( us aU",                   every micro· unit of Energy we use and ther#ore should not waste any time whatsoever
  • At about five o'clock.after a trek lasting some two hours, We reached a compara-                with those who would steal out time in vain discmsien and argument. Those who. bad
tively she:tered hOHow~ which George considered would be suitable as a camping S1,t e               not yet appreciated the meaning of Service and action. should be shunned by us aU
fot the night. In tact It was the best that could be found in the area. despite the fact            fo{ out own sakes. because there would come a day when we would have to account '
that it was poised on the very ,edge of a moun.ta-incus ridge.       I
                                                                                                    fo( every thought and every action and every energy U11it wasted, nus Message should
  . During th~ night the clements d:i~ their best to blast the party off the mountain               be care(uIly studied by all as its text is as ancient as Wisdom and yet more modern
Side, t~ts, eqUIJ.~t and all. but when dawn broke the fol·lowing morning. the 11th.                 than tomorrow.
a·fter a sleepless vlglI had been had by all, it turned out the actual damage ameunted                . Then the Master Aetherius reminQed. us not to make our corning OuistffiU (or
to alO more than a partial wetting for the members- of the Team: however unpleasant                 any other O1ristmas (or that matter) a time of hypocrisy. He stated that we aU should
enough' fO( people miles from so-called civiJ.isation..                  '                          remember and keep the Oujstmas Spi.ti-t of goodwiIJ throughout the \\<bole year. He
,     FollOWing a very beau-tiful serv~ cf the 1\velve Blessings conducted by one of                reminded mankind that his New Year's resolutions should be cemented firmly into the
our number the previous' evening, George told Us that -he had received a telepathic                 rock of sel(less action fo{ others and not just played with as a comedian does with
message from Space Intelligences, advising him that a certalin mountain visible to us               words.
from the camp, some mjles (oway on the other side of a deep valley, was destined to                       It is tar better to regard Ol·ristmas as just anether day and abstain cempletely
become yet ,anothe{ battery of Spiritual energy on this Earth. This was the cue we had              from making any further New Year's resollrtiens unless ~e all intend to r~~in th!s
aU been wai.ting for. so without a nwment's delay out Leader decided on a plan of                   Spirit and practice these good ideas throughout the year. The Mast« Aethenus said
action.                                                                  I
                                                                                                    one beauHful sentence which sums up so very much. One sentence which everyone ot
     ~<: ()Ibserv~, on studying. th~ map. that altheugh it was po~;~le to approach t~e              Us .should regard as being a guiding phrase thrcugheut our lives. He said: "Hypoui~,
m<>unta:n. ~adnger6uh. _by chmbuig down inte the steep valley. and then up its wer                  you know, wagiLs beavy on the Kannic Scales",                      .                     ,
steepcn'zng cocky 600( to the base of the peak in questicn. this would involve losing                    Then came the wonderful Ma~ Jesus, Who gave us His New Lord's Pnlyer, A.
far too much height in the initial stages of the cl.imb without gaining ~nj1.hing. Corise-          Prayer which each and everyone should leam by heart and sh~~d use throug~cut his
q~tly an alternative reute was wo,rked out, whkb would lead US along a comparatively                Spiritual Hfe. So et1,thralled were the audience by these Transmlssloos and especially by
even path South around the foot of 'a small ridge cal,led Kol'bshorn. to the head of a              Tht New Lord's Prayer, that The t\ctherius Society has pUiblished this on disc 'and 'o n
                                             12                                                                                               21
small tapes so that everyone, can absorb the wcn<frous beauty of this' Player and can                      the one side and the bills of Argonne on the other. passed' .through Sedan. close to
learn from a ,Master the classic procedU<t'e of true dynamic pr.ay«. We felt that we                       the Belgium border. and twned South into the W'a-rm. ricll. 10l!j.ng countryside of
shcu:Id make the oratory Ott 1esus availa:ble to >,>U as. well as the sccipt. Since this time              Lorraine; th.rough Verdun with its reminders of the inramous tirst . world war, arriving
many M~~s. have played. OVer these discs before their 'I1wdve Blessings practice                           at Nancy. the capital of the Province in the early hours of the evening.
and after It III some cases. Mtn wonder(u~ Spi·otual J"csults. They have told ~ that the                       We camped for the night at a well appointed camping site (bY,French Stanaar~)
Po~er wh:~h ti11~ their J"oomS every time they play over The New Lord's Prayer is a                        in a park on the outskirts of the city. Lat« on in the evenIng it was reported by a
lastmg 5pmtual JOY to them.                                                                                number of the party, that a Flying SaU«r' had hem seen travelling horizontally a~
     The series. of Transmhsions caIled •• The Ouistma.s Message" were indeed truly                        the ~y at a ('()Olparatively ~ow speed, It seemed out .ce fritnds bad oot forgotten
great. truly inspiring and truly im.portant.                                        ,                      ~r
                                                                              EOITOR.                              On Sunday 6th August, we Oroke camp early. and, leaving ' Nancy far behind,
                                                                                                           maintained our south·easterly COUts¢. in turn passing through Luneville, Baccarat. and
                THE CHRISTMAS MESSAGE                                                                       St. Die. up into the picturesque Vosges ,Mountains of Atsace. and down the othe«' side
TIlEMASTERAEllJERIUS:
     ': <?ood
                                            '      .. ... "." _... ._ _
        ev~,i·ng. my dear friends. Before we do anytrung 'dse this evening. I fed
                                                                                                   .   '
                                                                                                           into the Rhine. Valley and Cclmar. "VI'hkh latter. in keeping with most tOW'llS in that
                                                                                                           cosmopolitan department (i·f ,-the Country. stiU retains its Qerman name, architecture
~tt , It 1$ only 1ight for you to know that the COsm.ic Adept known as ,Mars Sector 8                      and reputation tor good beer • • .                                                  '
1$ now as wdl as em be expected after His show of valot just prior to the fnitiation                               After a short stop for tea in Colmar. we turned due South towards Baste some
of .. Gar.o'1Jche·· 'Also. the great strategist. Controller of Satellite No.3, ,Mars Sect.or (i.           fl.,t ty miles away, along a ~raight 10ad ronning parallel with the Rhine on out left.
is also in a state of almost complete recovery. The minol injuries suffered by other                       and the beauti·ful mountains 0[ the Black Forest in Germany. far'away on the Eastern
Masters who took part in this essential oi,peraticn as active agents for. and on behaU                     horizon.
of. the Lords of Karma have also re:ceVered from their injuties. (Note I).                                         We crOssed the Swiss Frontier on the outskirts of BasIe wj,thout difficulty. early
     .. The Planet • Garouche' has now passed through Her major. Initiation and Will                       in the evenin'g' and from our camping guide selected one of the better appointed sItes
mortly be ~o positioned in relationship to Her Sun that propagation or£. basic Hfe can                     in the area, some ten mites on the Qther side of the city. not far from the smaIl
soon. s.tart. again and as we pr~ously annou:nced. the seas. will dry up gradually and                     town of Rhein.fclden. arriving thece at about 7 p.rn.
the Me wlll leave the seas to lIVe upon dry land and so ada~ Use/,f to a different set                             On the following morn,ing. Monday, 7th August. George. convinCed that in any
of environmental conditions wh.ich will result in life taking humanoid form on that                        event Switzerlind was one of the countries the SpaCe People had chosen:to contain a
Planet.                                                                                                    (ba,rged Mountain, decided to aHow the Team a day's rest. which most of' us spent
     .. As many of you were deeply grieved at the smous injury of Mars ~OI' S. you                         taking in. the sights Ott. Basic. that iooluded a visit to a cinema and the local zoo-
wou:Id perhaps Joike to hear Him now address you ",                                                        of aU places.
MARS SECTOR 8 :                                                                                                    The next day' We 10se early. had a qu~k' breakfast; packed our tents ana gear
                                                                                                           into their respective cars. and moved around ts> the' sma~l but efficiently run ~otet
      .. Mars Sector 8, General Information. At this time you'Terrestria:ls are facing                     Sonne in the village 0[. Son:bad, where George and MOOlque bad stayed the .ugbt•
.your basic trials. Be you noUn anYWise afeared.for this {ear lS a weapon of the dark                      situated sonie two miles from the camp-ins site. The Team having reunited, we con-
 forces. Reject it. Let your magnificent hearts be tilled with the Power 0'£ the One                       tinued out joutney East along 'the flat plateaux of northern Switzerland, making.a .short
 Divine Source and fear will have no place therein. Look deep within' yourselves at the                    stop lor lunch i·n a W'O()o(l off .the high road on the way. Then on thro~ ZUlClcb, the
lasting Spark of the AbsoJ.ute which 'has residence there, and fear will have no place.                    comm«cial centre 0[. the rountry. around the long lake of that name past the Wallen
 Olst out the darkneSs of yoot basic tho,u.ghts. Le:t the Light V\t)ich flows unrestricted                 See. up in·to the foothills of the Glarus AfJ?S and ~ the other, side int~ th~ vaHey
 through the. Mighty Cosmic System rourse through you and fear will have no place.                         of the Rhine once more, although a very different Rhme to the WIde. paSSIve flver we
 Go you on, Jiring the Faith you now profess and lear will be as a total stranger to you.
                                                                                                           had seen two days fJefore.                                                                .
As well, you wi:l1 prepare yourseU for a greater thing. a greater life. A fuller more                              lhat night we pi,tched camp l 't the village of Bad Rag,az close to tho Austnan
complete existence is youts. Reach out, oh Terrestrial man and pick die fruit, the lasting                 border. and some of. lIS managed to get a much needed bath. the first since leavi·ng
fruit, from the Garden of Active WISdom. Then you will not go backwards".
                                                                                                           England. in a local swimming pool.
mE MASTER AEl1IERIUS :                                                                                             It would appear that eastern ·Switzec~~d does not share with the res·t of the C?untry.
     .. In that short message lies the OIbvious key to your own salvation. Every time                      the reputation for being a summer tounst mecca. perhaps because the mOW1tams are
that short message is played before you. Power will flow thropgh y~ to the World.                          not as impressive by Swiss standards, as th~ to be found ~sewher<: Also, as we
It is so.                                                                                                  discoveced to our chagri'n the 'roads are exceptionally bad and In no WIse comparable
     U Now, I take great pleasure. if that is the corcect terminology. in allowing a few                   with the autobahns of· Germany to the North, although to be iair,. the engineering
moments with one of. the greatest ~ctive Spiritual Strategists in this System ....•                        probleJm of road building created by the nature of the terra,i n of Switzerland, must at
                                              22                                                                                                        11
                                                                                                                LEAVE IT NOT AS THEORY
                                                                                                  MARS SECTOR 6 :
                       SWITZERLAND                                                                      uTh'is is Mars Sector 6. reporting from Satellite No.3. now in orbit·Saturn.
                                                                                                  Subject : LEAVE IT NOT AS THEORY.
                                                                  By MICHAEL PARK
      For s~veral weeks prior to the ap,pointed departure date. Aetherius House. London.
was a v~ntable hlve of preparatory activity for the great Spiritual Operation ahead.
                                                                                              ,
                                                                                              "
                                                                                                        "Throughout the centuries Terrestrial man has been. in many ways, given the key
                                                                                                  to his salvation. Lie not that key in a box. but reach out with fun determination. ~ce
                                                                                                  this Key of theory into the Jock of Practice which resideth in your heart and rn.1l'lid.
                                                                                                  Unlock these and go you forward. Tarry not with they who in vain discussion ~e
      Unhke OUt Lea<k{ the Reverend George King, Moriique Neppe. and Keith                        their tim~ waste their energies. Fer know yeu. each microsecond of time itseJ.f can be
RO'bertson, the remaind~ of the party. Reg and Gerry Holdetway. Ray Nielsen, Neil                 a m..icro-s~ carved eut of the Rock of Experience. Each micrO'·unit of energy y~
Goldie. Bill Ma~ew. Peter Lawless and mySeJ.f. had had no previous serious moun-                  waste means that sooner or later you must. by activity, replace this in the Great Cosmic
taineering experience apart {rom the occasiO'nal pilgrimage to the Charged Mountains               Whole. By activity. Therefere. heed ye not. nor tarry ye in the presence 0,( t~ose who
in Great Britain, which in height are of rouxse in no way comparable with those to be             waste the great coursing Energies of the Divine Source, whO' waste that. pet'lOO when
feund o:n the Continent of EurO'pe. Theretore George found it neCessary to' gjve the              they could make substantial carving upon the standing: Rock of ExperIence so that
.. greenhorns" 0( the party like myself. certain instructien and advice. as to the correct        ethers may see. and read. and learn and go onwar~. But stand ye ~rm in rCS?lutien•
equipment to be carried er worn dUil'i,ns the course of the Operation;· climbing Ixx>ts.           knowing as yeu do. that you face not only your tnals. but. your t!,1l.l.1nrph. Think .not
anarack, crampons, .ice axe, rope, swearers. and a hundred other things all of \'\<b.ich           of that 'which may pass before the triumph. y~ 0'£ th~ tnumpb l~seU and be nsen
had to be purchased by the end of July. In addiHon we bad to buy a lot of camping                  by this great lasting Divine Promise \\11.ich shineth so brIght as ~o dim .all e~e.         ..
equipment. as it bad been decidOO that in order to save our limited financial resources.                 •• Within the souls o( you is that potential \\'bict:.  when. realIzed, mU gUJ.d~ you 10
use should be made of the many officiaUy recognised camping sites on the Continent.                Truth upon the sure path back to your Source. U~ten WIth c~ppeid ears. WIth. open
       At 6 a.m. on the 4th August. 1961. dUly ready and prepared. a very excited. but at          mind, with yearning: heart. to the still small voice which C?meth m a gent!e. yet VIbrant
the same time rather apprehensive Team set off from Acth«ius HO'use d:istrib~ed                    \\ilisper from deep within the Spirit of .you. Let this marufest and you WiH go forward
between Bedford Dormobiie. Morris Minor and Volkswagen, and headed along the                       into your triumph•
AW rood towards Dover, in time to catch the 10 a.m. ferryacrOS$ the English Channel                      .. Know this, Terrestrial man. You stand today at one side o,f a mighty chasm.
to France.                                                                                         Across that chasm there is a thin. yet strong bridge. Tarry awhile. Gather together
       The sea was chOppy. but not reugh by channel standards. so the happy medium                 yeU( .strength. Put your haoo in the hand of yeur. true active Faith. and cross sur~y.
 was achieved wherelby the Team wet'e a.ble to' enjoy the roll,ing movement of the shjp.            bravely decisively this chasm-to your true bccOOllng. For I tell you:. on the other ~de
 withoUit anyone of them becOming seasick. so a good late breakfast was digested by                 of that'shintth a I1gbt greater than any previous perception , of yours. For perceptIon
 all ! The boat docked at Dunk«q,ue. France. at 3 p.m.• and shortly ;.fte{Wards we                 passeth. yet not Th,is. That Light can be the means to guide yo'u t<.> yeur victory. to
 dise.nbarked and met up with Peter Lawiess and his wi,fe Joan. who had crossed ove{               your Spiritual Enlightenment and to the very portal of ye}1t AscenSIon. (Note 2).
 to' France .>n an earlier lerry.                                                                         .. Falter not. man, no, nO', not at, this time. falter not. For you have ~ told ,that,.
       S~ulation was rife among the party as to ~ich direction North. South. or Eas-t.              now is the hour, when the Kannic Bdl tolls. Falter not. for you'X" own lastIng sake. But
 our Leader would take out o,f Dunkerq,ue. for it was assumed. based on previO'us
 exper:ience. that although ·the Space People would not actually advise him of the                  go ye onwards.
                                                                                                          .. This Transmission came from Satellite No.3. now in orbit~turn. From M~rs
 particular range in which the mountain to be charged lay. until we were closer to the
                                                                                                    Sector 6, through Primary Terrestrial Mental Otannel. with the Sanction and Authonty
  target. he would be gjven some idea of the route through the counUy they intend us
 to talce.                                                                                          of Interplaneta{y Parliament based upon the Planet Satl.lil'~. The Pow« .r.cleased to'
                                                                                                    Terra during this Transmission was given with the Sancbon and Autho(Jty ef . the
       That ' evmi'ng we arrived at Arras. a small industrial town in Northern France.              '~eme Lords of Karma. Waste it nO't. Neither waste ye your true selves. For your
 some 60 m.iles from Dunkerque, where camping accommodation was found rather
 unexrec_tedly right in the middle of a built.up solboo,. Th,is was the Team's first oppor-          reward can be above your greatest imaginings.
 tunity to try oUit iU camping: equipment and cooking gear, so mUCh fun was had by'                       ,,' Discontinue ".
 all. sampNng the open. ai,c I,ito after having been for so long couped up in soul COn-            THE MASTER A'ETHERIUS :                                ,
 taminating cities.
                                                                                                       .. During bo,t h of those very powerfw, quite outs.tanding ~es. tremendous power
       On the following day we left Arras, mo,ving in a south· easterly direction along
  the OlarleviHe Road, stopping fOor lunch en the way. Then. sldr~ing the Ardennes en              was released to the mental l'ea~ms upon Terra. This Powet WIn be used by some. we

                                             10                                                                                                  23
   know. It you would be wise, you would be one of thOse who. does use it.                              so' that they mar know. that Good diwtlls siietldy within th~ all ! .. . .
        .. Very shortly. there will be a powerful configuration in the heavens. as you call                   .. May you be BIesse_d in the name of the Everlastmg three pnnaples •
   them. As we have already said previoU$ly. you Terrestrials have, to some extent, modi.                     .. Good night to you."
   fied the tremendous radiatio.ns which will be given from this particular configuration.
   This mod:i&ation of yours has made what could have been Spiritual honey into. a d:frk_              MARS SECTOR 6                                                     ,
   acid. You wiD have to drink this add. By Karmic Law, you must.                          :                .. This is Mars Sector 6. ;:e.('Orting from Satellite. ~oo. 3. now divQrcing or.bit
        .. Such is the Karma of Terra that We cannot intervene any mOire than the pattern              lupiter. Destination-se.cret. Dunng a Special TranSmISSIQn. .
  permits. HO\lVever. whenever possilble, we will project througb some pieces of mechan.                    "This Transmission was given thrQugh Primary Terrestnal Mental Channel
  ism as mu::h of the bene&ient radiations fr.om the 'Planet Jupoiter as We can. Not that              with the Sanction and Authority of Interplanetary Parliament based upon the
   the radiations from the configuration are in any way male&. Whoever says so, i$                     Planet Satum.                                                                          ,
  an idiot, to ~ your own terminolo.gy back: at you. ~( 1- may be permitted to. do- so. )                  "LIMITATION IS DEATH. EXPANSION IS LIFE. EX}>AND-AND
   But, however. the albH for- the acid will b_e Jupiterian radiations and we will Use                 LIve!
                                                                                                           " All Transmissions now discontinUed,"
  Mental OlannerNo.-l -between-this- time-and-February -the-tW'enty.third to radiate as
  mtdt Energy {rom thi$. giant Planet as Karmic Law will allow. (Note 3). We will
                                                                                               .-      Notes I 2 and 3. This isa -conversation between Mars S<x;tor 6 and another COsmic
' start now. at the moment.                                                                                     ,         Intelligence referring to a Beam of prote~ion put around Ge9~ge
       .. I will introduce )'Q'u to an Intelligence who has not spoken to you for some time.                              King in order to combat interference. by the dark fQrces. dunng
  I r:eler' to Jupiter Sector 92 ".          '                                                                            this vitally important Transmission.

 JUPITER SECfOR 92 :                                                                                   (C<mtinued.from page 2)                  I

                                                                                                        6th and 7th. Thb made 6 hours. inte-:view ~n this Rad!0 Station alone. Later.
       .. Rise. oh wond'rous Earth. to yoor Glory. The God·gjven potential within you                   StatiQn WIR broadcast six more mtemews WIth o.ur Chauman. I •                     •
liet.h in a state of com:pIete dormancy until. with firm deI~berations. you bring this                       AltQgether. II RadiQ and Television Stations carri,:d i~fQrmatIQn and mter-
wondro.us Potential into active mani'festaHon.                                                          view$ with GeQrge King in DetrQit. A wQnderful receptlQn lnde~. It shQuld be
      .. We have observed other Planets wbkh have been in a simiJar po$ition to yoou                    nQted that Miss Edna Spencer arranged this ~~ss Conferen~ In a most tom-
at the moment. and we have seen them ri~~ If Y()IIJ want a challenge. this is it. For yoou              mendable and professional manner. One pubhclty representahve told Edna that
can at this time reach deep within yourselves and bring into manifestation that which                  GeQrge King had received mo~ publicity in that one conference than some of. the
existeth there,. ,                                                        .                            large car finns in Detroit.                          .                      .
      •• Tho radiations fcom the Planet Jupiter will be sent too you in that degree whkh                     After this our Chairman gave 13 lectures In the first month too well attended
is allowable. U'se these and rise! ••                                                          .
                                                                                               ,   )
                                                                                                       and very appreciative audiences. In fact. as he'left fQr New YQrk many requestS
                                                                                                       were made that he return on his way back.                     . . .                .
                                                                                                             He gave 8 lectures in New YQrk. AlthQugh the audiences 10 New York w~r_e
                                                                                                       small. they were hQwever very attentive. sincere seekers after Truth. But th.e aty
            DO NOT MAI{E THIS A TIME                                                                   itself. from a Metaphysical point of view. is not nearly so important as D~trOlt and
                                                                                                       certainly not the heartbeat of the WQrld as some people erroneously belIeve.
                 OF HYPOCRISY                                                                                On the way back. DetrQit was vis~ted aga~? and on May 31st, 1962. G_eor~e
THE MASTER AETHERlUS :
                                                                                                       King was intervi.e"Ye_d by. "The DetrQIt News • the large~t afternoon pap,:r. 10
                                                                                                       America. The religIOUS EdltQr later wrote up a very good article. WWl-:-TeleVlSIQn
       •• As OOmmun'ication with Jupiter is rather diffkult for anyone possessing a Terres.            also ran a newsflash on the same day. The next day WKMH-Radlo ran twoo
trial phYsical body. each communication will, o{ course. out of neCessity. be quite short,             interviews tQgether lasting nearly half an hQur.         .
but long enough, however. to enable Us to radiate c«tain essen,tia,l energies into certain                   This kind of publicity was managed in a prQfess~Q..nal manner by ~na Spen~r
realms oof Terra.. Those people Who already know of this. are indeed fortunate. because                who certainly' has built Detroit into. th~ most achve ~ranch of The Aethenus
y~u can. of cQ.ucse. tun-e into these radiations and so bring into action certain nuUifying            Society. through sheer dQgged determmatIQn an,d. dQwnrJght hard work~
factors \Wiich should be of very g,reat help and assistance to aU of. you.                                   At this juncture it is fitting that our mOIst smcere thanks are expressed to Mrs.
                                                                                                       Rose Harkness. who gave us the most wQnderful hospitality fQr a .m~nth·s stay
      .. Now, sho.rtly. you will 'be celebrating a birthday. AlthoUgh the Venusian called              there. and to Mrs. Ann Nich91sQn who also gave us wQnderful hospltabty on Qur
lesus was noot bom 01) December the 25th, however. you have cliosen too make this His
boiithday. (Note 4). May r remind you of something. The way too celebrate the birthday                 return trip.
                                                                                                          •
                                                                                                                                                                      (C nt' d
                                                                                                                                                                         0 znue on r~e
                                                                                                                                                                                      AnD' 28)


                                            24                                                                                                      9
  torm ot dictatorship. sort the Wheat trom the chaff. So that the Wheat might                  ot a Master whom most ot you r~ere and certainly have the .greatest respect for. is
  spread the Wheat 'Unto your ·followers. For, you know. the chaff cannot spread                not so much by feasting and drinking as by making finn determination tOo go forward
  Wheat. From the pod of the seed of the weed faUs the seed of the weed, the all.              intOo your tuture life in 6'OOle jmproved fashion!                                   .
  choking weed. choking out the good grain. This you know.       I
                                                                                                     .. Most of you will be joyful at this ti.me; joyful rather than happy, because you
        .. It is obvious that upon the philosophical platform of this country you call.        will join 'in a festive $piiit. so-called. Unfortunateiy, most of it romes from a bottle of
  at the moment-:-America. there are those with wisdom. The Leaders of Spiritual               some kind. but, nevertheless, so-called festive spirit. A spirit of giving, a spirit o·f
  ~roups are directly responsible for allowing these with Wisdom to speak. They are            generosity win make you joyful. There is nothing at all wrQng in thl$. In fact, this
  dllectly responsible for not offering their platforms, so that their Karma Will not
  be affected. to the spreaders of chafi.
        " If this is done in the correct way. you will not have any room in your minds
  or !learts,lor the materialists who would. through choice promise. bind you to their
                                                                                          ,
                                                                                          I
                                                                                                spiiit of giving is in all ways good. However. how long will it last? A matter of a f~
                                                                                               hours po$$ibly. especially for the masses.
                                                                                                     •• I believe I am right in saying that before now many Qf you have said in a very
                                                                                               hQnest and genuine fashion that it would -be wonderlul if the Spirit of Ouistmas ,could
  bel!ef..: bmd you in such a way that you will give unto them materialistic force.            survive so that it permeated through the whole year, Might I remind you, friends.
 ThIS has happened especially in the communist countries. The people were promised              that an mono has tOo begin by the pattMl sri by the rew. If the best within the Spirit
 a greater wealth. greater ease and have they got it? Have they? They have not.                Qf (luistmas did indeed Jive on after the year was changed, your world would indeed
  but eve.n if t~ey had. at, what a price, in the name of Heaven at what a price! A            be a far better place for it.
  pawn hke HItler was gwen power by the dark forces so that he would rise and                        •• There will come a time, shortly. when your Terrestrial clocks strike the hour of
 now did he balance his rise? Upon ~romises of greater ease, greater wealth. greater           midnight. you will look to one another and make next year's resolutions. ,some 0( which
  power for the German people. DId they have it? Twenty·five per cent of his                   will be very tine. Tho trouble, though, with them will be that, b~ore twelve .o'clock
 followers are now dead and lie entombed in the lower astral realms. soon due for              midnight. on 1anuary 1. l%2. ,YQU will ~ve forgotten about them, Just as you WIll ~ve
 re·birth upon another Planet: soon due to start their whole history over again. Is            fQrgQtten about the wondetM Spirit Qf friefldship and goodwill and neighbourhness
. this a price? Are you willing to pay this price? These are the questions you should          which existed on December the 25th. Such lack of memQry on the part of Terrestrials
 ask Y9urselves. because these are the days of decision. No longer can you be carried          makes their Christmas feast a. strange mockery. makes their New Year's resolutiQns
 across the craggy valleys of your Karmic deficiencies. You must gain the ,strength             definite hypocrisy.                                             .                     ,
 and Power to cross these danger valleys yourself. I think some of you realize this.                 .• My friends. if you would celebrate in ~e best possible way. then do SO-I~ the
        "There are many upon the Earth. as you call it. this night. who. like plants           best possi,b1e way. If yQU would make resolutions. then make them good resolutIons.
 searching for the light of the Sun. do search for Wisdom. Go you on. oh great ones.           But stick to them. But remember your ttlebrations aU through 1962.
your hearts and minds will be tilled.                                                                .. You say that you revere the Master 1esus. Some of yOoU even say that you believe
        .. Do not let the materialist limit you. Do not let anyone take you from that          He was the one and Qnly Son of God. Surely. then. in reverence to,someone whom you
 chosen path. but go forward to Enlightenment to the New World.                                express belief in. should you nOot hold fast to the very Spirit \\1J.~ you generated by
                                                                                               the expressiQn o{ your bdie{? Is no,t this in every way logical? ,                 .
        "Before I close Transmission Orbit.l would-like to remind you all that when                  .. On some Planets in the Sohr System, Grea·t Masters receive the blesSIng and
 !he great Energies from Satellite No.3 are beamed down to you. you can use these              hQmage from the inhabitants of those ·Planets. The big d~fference. thQugh, between th~e
 In such way that you will become more vibrant. You will become more Enlightened
 and you will have a greater strength to help you to go forward and onward and                'inhabitants and Terrestrial man is that they rem(mber this great event thrOough aU thet.c
 upward.                                                                                      actions. If the real true active Spirit or Ouistmas was rem.e mbtred by you all through.
                                                                                               oUt the whole year which is to come, it would be a wonderful year for you all, There
       " Now. before I do vacate Transmission Orbit. I would like to say this. As you          is no dQubt 0( this. It would also stop you bring that much hypocritical • • .!
 noticed at the beginning of this Transmission. there was a considerable amount of                   ., I throw tliis dmriite me:UpbySical statement out to yQU for your 1!1ost earnest
 interference. We did 'not reflect this interference away from ,Mental Channel No. 1           consideration. l feel sure that i,f you give it the consi'&ration it undoUtbtedly ~rrants,
 because. had we done so. we would have physically damaged those who ,sent this                you will be tilled with great joy and happiness during this ti~e beca~e you ,WI}1 ~ve
 dark force against him. We absorbed it and Transmuted It. You all can do the                  radiated joy and happiness to Qthers arQund you. And y~u wJIl cQntl~~ ~adiatmg JOY
 same, yOoU knOow. Do not m~t hate with hate. Meet hate with its counterbalancing
 factor, nam~-LOVE. ,Med violence with strong pa~ve resistance. Meet ignorance
                                                                                              and happiness. giving serVice. being chari~able. not only 10 the matenahs.t~ sen~' , but
                                                                                               in the mental sense as well How many times have those CQme to you WIth, nulJClous
 with Enlightenment. Meet negatively with Power and you will prove that you are ready.
                                                                                               gossip? How many timC:$ have you passed it on? Y:"u can kill it d~. Y0.u know. ,by
 and you wiD be given every o,pportunity to demonstrate your readiness.
       ., I will give you now the benefit of my Invocation.
                                                                                                                                                            war,
                                                                                               not listening to it. Or j,f you dO' listen tOo it. by not, In any      r~ting It. ~y being
                                                                                              cllaritablein your mind and in your actions, you can nuke th~s Cbnst~ really ~ean
       ".1 invoke the Power from the Masters of the Sun and Saturn this very moment.           something to you. You can make it mean far mOore to yQU than dId any preYlOUS
May this l>Qwer fall upon the heads of aU those upon the Earth this very moment.               Christmas in your lives.
                                           8                                                                                              25
     " 11 you make llrm J"esolutiDn to. act thrDughout the Nerw Year in the same spirit              thh- witt nDt after its 'tru1:h-the dme wib ~i11 be the m~ 'mportant tUrie In yout
o.f mental charity in aU its aspects as YDU do upon this day. YDU can make YDU{ celebra·             life.
tIDns of New Year's Eve J"eally mean something. SupposinS. instead Df a drunken                           .. The gis,t Df Our Message this evening is to rr:take these lacts known to YDU. Come
Drgy. YDU treated this New Year's eve as a time fDr Spiritual determinatiDn. a time                  together. co-operate together. drop petty differences. Transmute them in the Light of
when. in great bravery and complete honesty you would walk be(ore tlw mi{rDr 0.'£                    Spirituality and use the Great Powers which will be offered to you during this time
YOut Dwn mind .and examine yourself witl'\ greatest care. and then declare, with firm-               and you can so alter the Karmic pattern of yourselves. of your wmmunity, of your
ness. to. imprDve this and this and this. Then Hve in such a mann«, that these imprDve--             country. that greater things will be brought about.
ments wDuld wm¢ into. ddinite and ~ctive manif~tiDn. then YDU wo'Uld indeed                               "YDU can draw your own picture. you know. in the Akashic recOrds of time.
imprDve. If anyone Df you does this. l know that YDU wiU look- back upon this OuistInas              In fact. every thought and action you perform adds a little bit more to this Akashic
and this New Year's eve as being the turning point of yDut lives. But do not make it a               picture. Will you not think of this the next time you think? Will not you use the
time of hypocrisy, my friends. Far better yDU forget ;:.H about it. than that.                       greater part of yourself in the right way. so that you can draw for yO'urself an
                                                                                                     everlasting glorious picture in these timeless reCQrds? Or will you sign your own
     .. Just a mDment. I will reintroduce YDU agz:in to. the Master' Whose so-called birth-          wurant Df Involution? YDU must be the choo$ets.
day ~ou will celebrate (NDte 4). And l feel ~ute that aftet-allowlng-YDurself to be bathed
in the Light Df His active Love. YDU will not allow the dark clDuds D,f hypocrisy to. shade     .'
DUt th:d_ which is Dibviously' so tine in yOU,f inner nature. lust J"eiax; and J"eceive these                             THE TRUE MESSAGE
radi<:tiDns. Receive this pra~r- from lesus ",
                                                                                                           "Never once, in any Message given by anyone from anothtr Planet to this
                                                                                                     Earth, have we condoned any political system, have we ever asked anyone to
                                                                                                     become a president, a king, a dictator or any other political ruler! Sometime. thougb
              THE NEW LORD'S PRAYER                                                                  we have asked people to go forward and start Drganizations. Those people have done
                                                                                                     so. to. the best of their ability and are working 'Very hard throughout the World.
                                                                                                     Why should we for one moment condone that which we know would fail? It
THE MASTER JESOS:                                                                                    would be utterly absurd for us to do so and indeed. if we did. we 'Would be but.
     "Oh my sweet adorable children. let the grea1 tide of Love flow through YDU aU.                 tools of the dark forces. This is a definite statement. Like it if you will. Dislike
Jf you would make the vistas o( yOUl' life, wide. then send out YDUr active Love. l£ YDU             it if you must but you cannot alter it. It is true.
would allow the wondrDus Light of Mighty God to. flow like an unrestriCted stream                          •• We have reminded you over and Dver again throughout- your history that
                                              a
from yDur heart. yDU WDuld in return find bstinS'inner joy which wouM warm you                       the Law known as the Jaw of action and re-action is all pervasive and does exist.
                                                                                                     It is the One Great Basic Law of the Divine Creator. We have also told you that
in the roldlest night: would teed yDU in the bleakest deserts of yoU(' starvation.
                                                                                                     you have free will to accept or reject. YDur free will. my friends. will not be
     .. My children, YDU have been instructed that when you petfDrm My practice YDU                  intedered with. Is not being interfered with even at the moment but if you use
should do $0 with your very hearts and souls. (Note 5). Tha next time that YDU do this~              your free will wrongly. yo~ must know that you are misusing a great Power and
send forth yOUl' Great Love in a stream which is delicately balanced. yet fum and                    by the Law of Karma. you must form for yourself a certain Karmic pattern which.
strong and quid and sure. And to. the very ends of your Earth will this go. And naught               at some time or Dther. must be balanced by each and every one of yDU.
can stop i t . '                             ,                                                             "Do not let anyone limit you. my friends. Do not listen to the matedalist
     .. If at this time you would remero'be{ me. then 00' so in YDur every-actiDn. Do so              who would limit you. who would bjnd you in material shackles. so. that you wuld
in YDur every thDUght. in your evety prayer. Do so with aU the atoms of YDUr Being                    not expand. Listen to. the Spiritual man who. will tell you how to. project your
and Jet your mighty Love shine out. Let it go {Drth unto. aM the WDrld. This. oh                     consciousness outwards' and upwards. to the great Stliritual Ught within yourself.
adorable children. wooJd be the 'great~ memory' of me. NDt your wDrds. but your                      so that you may be impregnated with this Mighty Llght. with this vibrant Flame.
actions. Remember this.
                                                                                                      this all pervasive Flame, the everlasting Fkme Df That which is GOo.D and TROE.
                                                                                                      Then indee(l will YDU shine in the World.
     .. Left I nDt YDU once to. be remote. for I have never lel~ YDU, but am here now.
I am here always to. hclp you. to' guide you. to give YDU My Love and My messing.
If YDU would help in return. then. oh adorable children. send out this PoW'e{ to. all the                         LET THE RIGHT ONES SPEAK-
World.                                                                                                       "You Leaders of Spiritual Groups, throughout Terra, must realize your great
     .. I will give unto. you a P,raYe{ which YDU can always use. A prayer which if said              responsibilities~ It is your duty" to study carefully. educate your minds so that your
with true heart. will allow you to radiate the great and MightY' Love of God to aU:'                  perception becomes deep. yout. awareness is opened so that you can. without any
                                             26                                                                                                    7
you . .If you could create. out of nothing. in the sanle wa.y as the Absolute does. a.
finger nail. ~hen you co~d claim owne!ship. But. a~ there is not a. force in the whole                                ·YOUR NEW PRAYER
MacrocosmIc system whIch can do thrs. then there IS not a force 10 the same system
which can claim ownership of anything. One mom:nt's reflection will teach you this.                            ~. Oh Divine and WondrO'us Spirit!
     " Another moment'S reflection will teach you that it is the great materialistic                            Oh Everlasting Lord O'f Hosts I
conspiracy which is specially geared to lull you into the false belief of ownership.                            S~d forth. now. thrO'ugh Me
so that you will fall for the trap and become ensnared by it. What happens when                                      Thy Great and Lasting Power.
you faU for this trap? Do not you become the pawn working for the few? Has not
this happened throughout your history? Does not your history repeat .itself over
and over again? Cannot you see this?
                                                                                             ,                  Allow Me. oh mighty God. the lasting privilege,
                                                                                                                    Of radiating to' all the World Thy Great Love.
                                                                                                                So that those whO' s.uffer may be given lhe
     .. The Spiritual path does not promise you a path of ease. It promises you a .                                 Powee and Energy to' lise above thei,r weakncs$eS.
path of hard work, of great labour, of great sacrifice for your brother, Sleepless
nights. abstention from liquor. drugs. These are the things that the Spiritual path                             Oh mighty God. in great humility do I ask you
has to promise you and in return-what 7 Greater enlightenment throughout the wOrld %
                                                                                                                     TO' send fO'rth YO'ur Power•
    •, These are the different ways and yet. when weighed in the balance. which will                            TO' give to' Me this Great Lasting Privilege
you choose? A balance of Karma which will stand you in good stead for the rest of                               Of being a channel SO that my suffering brO'thers
your total existence. or blind following of those glib. tongued individuals throughout                          May be help<:d a,nd guided and healed and
the Earth. who promise greater ease. greater comfort. greater security?                                              Ulted intO' Thy Light•
    .. What security can there be in a motor car, in an aeroplane. in an atom bomb.                             SO' that they whO' know no.t may look lIP,
in even ;0 fatter belly. or a large bank account 7 Cannot you p:lss away at any                                 And in doing so. (X;eive thfough thei·r Highe{ Selves
moment and leave all these transient thi'n gs?1s not this the sccuri,ty that passes like                             Your Divine Coun$cl.
 a ship in the night when you pass through the Initiation of death. which each and
 every one of you has to pass through, whether you like the idea or not. What security                           OIl mighty God, this day have you granted Me.
 can there be in that? Yet. for thousands of your years. you have been lulled into          , ,                       A Divine privilege.
 this false state of basic security.                                                          ,
                                                                                                                 I ask yO'u, now, to' give Me the strength,
      " The Spiritual path does not promise these things. Cannot promise you a place                             So that neve{ again Wil~ I turn from My jnner vision of you;
 in Heaven. which exists as a state of consciousness only. Can only prgmise you                                  Om Shanti. Shanti. Shanti.
 great work. greater effort. greater strain but greater Enlightenment also but a place
 in the New World as well. a divine opportunity to really become of assistance ·to                               In praise O'f Your Greatness, On God,
 mankind. to really help to balance the negative KarmiC pattern of this Earth.                                       Doth My Soul sing.
      .. Come. come now. brothers of Earth. how long will you swallow the                                        Grant it Energy to' sing on
 materialistic-bait? Is it not time that you rOSe en masse in peace-IN PEACE-and                                     Forever and to"revee ".
 declared it utter fooHshness! Let us for once "'y something we have not tried in the
 ~st and gO' up the path to' Spiritual advancement. Supposing that even the people                    .. That. my children, is your new' Praytr. ,Take it to' your hearts. Say it with yO'ur
 ot one country-any country upon the surface of Terra-say America. were to' try                   hearts. so that it might live in your hearts-forever.
 the Spiritual path -correctly in all honesty. what would happen to' that country? .1                 •• Oh, my sweet ~h.itdren. May God bless you aU. May God bless you-all.
 will tell you upon the best possible authority. That country would shine in the World                .. Oh adorable children, go jn God's Light. DO' gO' in God's Light". .(Note 6).
 like a star shines in your black skie; of night. 11lat country would be impregnable.
 Its walls would be strong and everlasting. It would not netd to defend itself with               THE MASTER AEfHERIUS :
 arms. It would be defended by a greater Power (hanl all these transient things.
      •• Have you not been admonished in the past to p'fit your trust in the greater                 .. If any O'ne of yO'u can turn ~way from that. then yO'u are <:ert~inly not ready
 things. rather than in a chariot. which can. at the first rQck. be shattered 'to pieces.          to' gO' intO' the New' Age.
 causing you death. ,                                                                                    .. My friends. have a very happy and veey joyful Ouistmas t~me. Uve afterwards
      " Men of Earth, you have been. told that the next l\fagnetisation Period will be             in su;h a way that the Spirit O'f Olristma~ is not an annual event. but lasts thrO'ughout
.the most important two months in your history to date. This is so. You can make                   yout year, And if .you do. you wi.J1 have accomplished .something. Something worth-
 this important for yourselves. and indeed will do so. If you reject this statement.              ·vvttile.
                                                                                             ,.
                                             6                                                                                               27
    kilbank. you for yOU{ kind attention. God Bless you aU. and good night to you           deserve. Only it your perception and awareness are trained and enhanced can you
aU".                                                                                        avail yoursel.f of correct S,{mitual Leadership. ~rrect Spiritual.guia~nce: ..
                                                                                                  •• We WIll accept all JDterference factors 10 zeem zeem nine SIX dlVlsIon-We
EDITOR'S NOTES:                                                                             will continue. (Note 1)
Note 1. .Mars Sector 8 was' very·, baday injured just prior. to the. Cosmic Initiation of         .. Those leaders who choose to lead the orthodox religions. too.. have a great
         the evil world ... Garouche "L He was one of thOse who aoted as a Karmic'          and vast responsibility of breaking do'Ml the dogmatic limitation which bas been
         Agent on a .dangerous assignment on the surface of this wodd just prior to         imposed for centuries and replacing this with the shining beams of Trutb. If they
         its Initiation and change. For further details about .. Garouche" read             fail in this task. they will be replaced!
         Cosmic Voice Volume No. 1 pages 45-48. Read also, "The Mars StOl'Y"                      ., These are the last days. These are the days when the prophecies will be
         from You Are R~bJe. Both these books are obtainahle from the                       worked out. when mankind will be weighed in the balance of Karma. Those found
         Aetherius Society. either London 0(' Los Angeles Headquarters.                     wanting will be reborn upon another. younger planet. Those who bave advanced
Note 2. Fo.r one 0{ the very fC'W full desc(iptions' of an, actual .<\~nsion C«etnOny       far enough will go into the. great Millenium upon Terra.
         read Cosmic VoSce Volume No. 1 pages 57-70 inclusive. Obtainable from                    '. Transmutation factor-nil 6:'
         The Aethet'ius' Society•. either- London or~Los_.<\nge-Ies Headquarters.                 •• Acceptable. Continue," (Note 2)
Note. 3. Eight Special Power Transmissions were given through Rev~rend George                    ," Then win the Earth. as' you call it, move on Her axis~ change Her place in
         King. The Energy, was manipulated by .Mars Sector 6 from 1upolter S~or 9~          relationship to the Sun and the New Day will da'Ml..                   '
         -a 1upiterian Splce Craft. then in Orbit of Earth. (See page 29 present lSSue).          "It is today that the pattern of tomorrow is forged. Forge this well. oh brothers!
Note 4. 1esus was born on March l5th.                                                       Be brave. let not fear grasp your bearts so that you become weak. Be undaunted.
Note S. Here the Master 1esus' is referring to the. Practice. of The Twelve Bl~ings,        be united in your efforts.
         His New' Age Bible obtain.tble from The Aetherius Society. London or'Los                 " Interference factor High."
         Angeles Headquarters.                                                                    •• We win continue," (Note 3).
Note 6. This beautiful Prayer      isnow available on tape and disc. The New Lord's               .. Be united in your effoxts. so that you may be a worthy channel for the
         Prayer is truly wonderfUl and in printed form can be teamed and ~ed by             Higher Forces to flow through you unto all mankind.
         evetyone. But, to hear it in the way it was actually dclivered by the Master             "Very shortly. Satellite No.3 wilt come into Orbit of Terra. During this time.
          Jesus. through your Editor. is a Spiritual experience ~o one ~U ever fo~get.      great Energies will be sent down unto all of you who are working for Peace. who
         These diScs and tlpes are available from The Aethenus Soclety from ather           are dispensing healing. who are dispensing Truth. Those of you who lead Spiritual
         London or Los Angeles' Headquarters.                                               Groups with the Hame of Honesty burning brightly in your Heart, are the ones
(Continued from, page 9)       ,                                                            who can gain tremendous Power from the Orbit of Satellite No.3.
                                                                                                   "The next Magnetisation Period of Terra will be the most important time in
     Thanks must also go to Mr. Harry Roth who did the w?rk. of any two good                the history of your Planet.
men at the meetings and who alSo generously gave the. S~lety a costly Ampex                       ., Mark this well. Absorb this great Power. oh workers. dispense it to the
tape-recorder. Miss E!eanor Jacobson. a y~u~. attractive ~embe~ 0(.. The                    World, You will be helping this Earth go towards the Great New World, the Great
Detroit Branch Committee. proved that her belIef In Th~ ~ethenus ~oo:ety .s not             New Age. towards its own deliverance and yours.                                          .
just theory when in her spare time she arranged the pnntmg and bmdmg of the                       •• Rclate. zero, zero. five."
latest bookIet: "ify Contact With The Great White Brotherhood" which George
King wrote between meetings· in Detroit. Mrs. E. KolI?-etz. the other Member of
the Committee in Detroi,t. a faithful worker for some hme now also ~eserves our
thanks. as. indeed do many others who helped to make these meetmgs the un-                              POLITICS-NOT THE ANSWER
questionable success which they were. In fact many stated that these were the
finest meetings they had ever attended and even before we left, people I!'ade               THE MASTER AEl'HERIUS:
arrangements to travel the 2,400 miles to Los Angeles to attend further meetmgs!                 "Yes, it is so. In these days' all people who are right-thinking ~n~ right-
Naturally, others who could not do this asked our Chairman to promise to return             minded are given every available opportunity to turn away from matenahsm and
as soon as possible.                                                                        make the journey into the Great Light of SpirituaJ.ity.                    ,
     The Committee of The Aetherius Society would like to say: "Well done Edna                   .. You know. the most insiaious of all temptations ever: given unto mankind is
and your wonderful helpers in Detroit." It just shows what can be done if one has           given by mankind-th~t is t~e promi~e of ~reater ease. grelter wealth. greater
the real will to do it. What has been done in Detroit can be done in other phces            ownership. But my fnends,. J:S not thIS foolISh? How ~n any~ne of you own
as well. Thh we know because we have met so 'many people who find The                       anything? Do you not. reahze. that even t~e atoms wblcll constitute your s.rmll
Aetherius Society teachings the best in the World, bar none!                                finger nail are borrowed from the Sun? ThIS Energy cannot belong to anyone of
                                           28                                                                                            5
of the dark,ones. th?se who would kee,p you from the Truly Spiiitual Path and limit
you ~Y the1! worship ot materialism; Junit you, by ~kjng unto you false promise:
pr~lse whICh. h~e loam. can be blown this way or that by the wim.fs of politics:
polItICS. flowered In many phrases•
      .., A vast number of the inhabitants of Terra have allOwed themselves to become
                                                                                          POWER FROM JUPITER
the pawns of communism. Another great number have allowed themselves to
beco!!le the pawns Of. so:caUed democracy.
          ~e few. the thmklng few. the Glorious Few. have divorced themselves from
these things and are not the pawns of any political creed. any dogmatic beJief.
Th~se Few ~n.0V: a greater freedom than the majority. for they are not limited to
                                                                                             SAVES EARTH
baSIC matenahstJc concepts.                                                                                        .r-~I..    _   ~     _

      "In the New Wo~ld, lOU nee~ not ..,Ian for a ~etter economic system, fot
~y as you know It, Will not exist. It IS a cancer In the hearC of Spiritual man.
        . In the New Wo.r~d, you need not listen to those who make great politital             Towards the end of His speech. on December 20th. 1961. the Master Aetherius
promise to you fot POiatlCS will not exist.                                               stated that a special series of Power Transmissions would be given so that energies
       "In the New ,World. you will need to have no fear of horror weapons hung           from the Planet Jupiter might be radiated to Earth in order to tend to counteract
o~er your heads. like the terrible sword of a vicious Damacles. for these weapons         the modifications wbich terrestrial people have imposed upon the tremendous
wdl be destroyed.                                                                .        radiations which would come from the configuration of Planets on February 4th
      .. In th~ New World. you need not plan the breakdown of your customs barriers.      and 5th. 1962. (See page 24 present Issue).
for t~ere WIll be no countries. ~ere will be inhabited land and sea. That is all.              As these Transmissions were due to be given any tim: during the day or
          How do you go towards thiS goal?                                                night. the Los Angeles and London ' Headquarters adopted emergency stand.by
      "By training your intuition at this moment. so that your discrimination is SO       measures. On both sides of the World. we were prepared to go into action
enhanced that you can see the false and detach 'Yourself from it. 'You cannot             immediately.                   ,
detach yourself from that you are not aware of. ,So. become aware-then detach
Bec0!!le awa.re of the gre.at Spi~tual Truths and then attach yourself to these.      .        On January 30th. 1962. at 9 p.m .• the first of these Speci3l Power Trans-
         .My frfends. you Will notice by keen ,st\!dy that not once in any true Message   missions was delivered by Mars S~or 6. through myself. Dunng this Transmission
to ~Uh. glVen by an Agent from another Planet have we told you that one                   the secondary storage batteries of the Great Whj,te . Broth~fhood were charged with
PO!lt~cal system was better than another. For we advise detachment from aU                lupiterian energies by Satellite 216.
eXisting sy~tems. We ba.ve reminded you often that every form of political system              On January 30th. 1962. at II p.m .• came another tremendous Power Trans-
has been tned. but to fall. Mo~t of them to fail horriblY on some bloody battlefield.     mission during which the pdmary ba-tteries of the Great White Brotherhood were
Most of t~em to run away With the blood of the slain and stain the green Earth            charged in the same way.
rOO-steanung 1;00.                                                                             The third 'phase of this vital Operation took place on February 1st. 1962. at
      .. You do not nero to be a man of perception in ordef to discover this lot          10 p.m. This hme Mars Sector 6 directed Jupiterian Energies from Sate1li1e 92 in
yourself. Y01:l do not ne~ to be an Adept in order to formulate for yourself a            Orbit Jupiter and Satellite -216 in Orbit Earth. from Satellite No.3. These En:rgies
workable philosophy which you can now .start to demonstrate in your own life              were directed to the Logos of Earth. through .the Keepers of The Flame and
an~ become a living part of this philosop?y so that others may copy you. may be           manipulat:d by the greatest Master 'now on Earth-THE LORD BABAJI.
g~lded ?y you. may be gently led by you Into their own Enlightenment. Discrimin.          HIMSELF. At the end of this manipulation. there was a Council meeting on
ahon Wlll show you the way.                                                  .            Earth, attended by Lord Babaji, Mars Sedor 6, and the Lords, Buddha and SM
                                                                                          Krishna. This was an historic meeting indeed and we were informed that th: Logos
    THE -RESPONSIBILITY OF LEADERS                                                        of Earth had received more Energy during this manipulation than ever She had
                                                                                          r~ived before in Her present incarnation as a Planet!
  "AU the leadn'S 9f Spiritual Organisations have at this momtnt a vas(                        On February lst. 1962. at 12 midnight. another tremendous manipulation was
~bility lying on thtir shooldtrS. Not only are they' rt5pOnsibie for ammgi'ng             carried out by Mars Sector 6.,this time from Satellite 216. then in Orbit of Earth.
SUitable progra"!mes ~ut they are directly responsible for what goes from their           At the end of this manipulation. we were given the following beautiful. yet direct
platf~nns to thelt audiences. To lead a Spiritual group in these days is a truly          and easily understandable message from the Being we know as Jupiter 92.
m1gm1'kent task: a task which demands Powe{. per~ptlon. knowledge on the part                  We would all do well to carefully read the following Transmission and act in
of the leaders. You followers. can and jndeed do elect those leaders which you            accordance with the unshakable Wisdom which this contains.
                                          4                                                                                        29
JUPITER 92
      "In the coldness of: your Spiritual aloneness. oh friends. reach outwards' up-'
 wards and yet. more sub.tty inwards for the Light whiCh burneth there. 'pure
unaduI~erated •. not contan:ttnated ?y th0.ught. nor ruled by J?3.ssion. nor made a tool
                                                                                                BE NOT LIMITED
(If fOO!lSh ~esJre. The LIght whIc~ shmeth not. yet Which is all Light in Light.                     At the. end of the Northern California Spacecraft Convention. held in the
 Let thIs shme through you.· Let thIs very Power-which is you. manifest as you and              fashionable Clafunont Hotel in Berkely, near San Francisco. on the 2~t~ August.
then you. may be~me the lasting you. For centuries we have impregnated your                     1960. the following two Transmissions were delivered in the usual bnllJant. st>,le.
 World WIth our dIfferent essence~.. The essence of music we hlve sent upon you.                These Transmissions formed a fitting climax to what was an excellent Convention.
!he.ess~nce of colour we have laId at your feet, The essence of sound. of Love. of              for which we owe a vote of. thanks to Della Larson for her hard work. entailed by
JnspIratlon. these we have sent unto you. The essence of subtle beneficence. we                 organizing such a large undertaking.
have sent. but alas. too few have reached and grasped thiS from the very living                      It was during the Transmission given by Mars Sector 6 that'a most significant
ethers around them and taken this ~sence of inspi~~t!~~Lcult~~e to their very                   statement Was made to this Earth. To quote:                           \
so~ls. Nay. t~ey hlve eaten of the fruIt~· of Earto WIthout appreciating the $reatness
which was ~tIll small. yet all res~undtng. We have impregnated you WIth these
                                                                                           ..        " The next Magnetisation Period of Terra will be the most important time in the
                                                                                                history of your pJanet."
essences. qUIte freely. save for an Inward searching on your part. a lack. of selfiSh-               This Statement stands-by itself-without any further comment from me. save
ness on your ~rt. an urge to rise upwards on your part and this their only cost.                to add that The Aetherius Society has already circularised all Members and readers
Upon t?e temple of your very soul is placed even now great inspiration which                    of. Cosmic Voke. appealing for their united efforts in Service to humanity during
could hft you upwa}'ds an~ away from your pres~nt di1~mmaS". Reach out the                      this time.
hand of your consclOUS mmd and accept the frUIts' of super-consciousness and                         The Master Aetherius in His Speech told us all point blank that politics were
men~~lly digest them and life will become different for you.                                    not the answer to the Wodd's troubles and He also went on to tell us all what
       you have been told many timeS that· you came not to be a slave of the basic.             was' the answer.
Karm!c- wheel. .but ~o b~ master of its every 'revolution. Evolution is borne from                   Careful study of these Transmissions will help all of you to combat the great
KarmIC revolution. If thIS be controlled by the higher aspect of. each of you. If               materialistic conspiracy which has already enslaved the minds of the majority of
you. woul~ attend a. te~ple. then. att~nd the tempJe within. Bathe yourself in tbe              mankind.
~astI.ng t:1re of y~)Ur hlgh.e~t aSpiratIons and come out· as an inspired one. Yet                   Materialistic politics cause division and war. • • , • Spiritual Service causes
InSp~ed lnto Spm!ual actIVIty rath.er tha~. theoretical lethargy,                               co-operation and peace. If we all note this one fact. We then can rightly say that we
       The World JS yourS". the Umverse lS yours. the Cosmos is yours. but only                 are beginning to climb the ladder of Evolution.
when the Spark speaks through you to aU. about aU. in all. Note it. be revived by                    In His Transmissjon. Aetherius gives us a true picture of ~litics as they are
it. be inspired ?y it. be risen by it. and come upwards. oh children of Earth. Rise             and. goes on to give us a true picture of the New World as it WIll be. unhampered
up~ards•.o~ ~hIldren. of I?rth. and express the greatness in your souls. express the            by any political system.
JastJng Dmmty of your hIgher selves.
     "Rise. oh Earth. into glory,"
     ''This message was given by Jupiter 92 to you. from Satellite 216 now in
special Orbit Terra."        .                                                 •                                      BE NOT LIMITED
                                                                                                MARS SECTOR 6:
MARS SECfOR 6                                                                                      , "This is Mars Sector 6~ reporting from Satellite No.3. now in Orbit. Jupiter.
    "Y~u have j.ust heard ~ message given by an Intelligence referred to as Jupiter             Subject: BE NOT LIMITED ..
92. Dunng the time that thIS message was given. the Intelligence was also Sent out                   .. Oh Brothers of Earth. in these last days. in these days of trial and tribulation.
in its very simple form into the higher mental realms of Terra. Those who are                   in these days when the Forces of Light are liable to pass through the Initiation of
ready will be inspired in one way or another:~                                                  Crocifixion. oe yo not lLrnited.
     As readers' will see from Mars Sector 6 comment. this Intelligence was Sent out                 "In these days. the Workers in the genuine Cosmic Plan. specifically designed
to the hIgher mental realms of Earth. so as to act as a great wave of inspiration to            to bring about a Transformation of Terra. need not be limited. for a greate( Power
those wh<? are aware and humble enough to receive such intuitive stimulation.                   than ever before will be yours~ if. you but tread the narrow precipitous path into
     SpecJaI Power !ransI?ission Np..5 was radiated to Eat!h on February 2nd.                   the goal of Truth: if you divorce yourselves from the Great.temptation of material-
19~2. at 9 p.m. Dunn~ thIS TransmISSIon. Mars Sector 6 manIpulated the Energies                 ism. which will be dangled in many colours before your gaze. In the past you have
Whl~h came from JupIter through Satellite No. 92. from Satellite No.3. then in                  been tempted by this gaily-decorated bauble. In these days the decorations have '
OrbIt of JupIter. The Power this time was sent into the basic mind belt of Earth.               become' more subtle than ever before., High sounding phraseology is now the order
                                         '30'                                                                                         ,   3
· Word thr0'U8h?ut ':erra, ~I1 be kn?wn, not only to \1$, but also to Greater Bei1l8s than         During this Transmission not only were great Energies sent through my physical
  'We are and thIS adion WlU be rorNdered with favour when their Kannic a.ssesgnent is             and mental counterparts. but also the other Directors of the Los Angeles Head-
  made.                                                                                            quaners were used as radiators for these great Energies. Thus ended series No. 1
     .. Put not yoUl' ice axe away, you will need it again.                                        of a great Power mariipulation. specially designed to help to counteract the dire
     "We will teHyou when!"                                                                        results which would have otherwise been brought about through the foolishness of
                                                                                                   mankind.
      Readers wj~l see from t~,is that oUr, next task is to l'\'I'ak.e known through every               I might say that after such potent Transmissions as these. I personally began to
 me:los at o~ ~sposal, the hl~ meanl'1l8 behind the great Messages given through                   feel the strain. No human body or mind can live through such experiences without
 the years. ~'~ '$ to ~e star~ed WIth ~he W&Iication of •• The Nine Freedoms 'f. obviously         the imposition of a strain which is thousands of times greater than any other type
 together WIth a. ro.mmentary on thetC d«p esoteric meani1l8. This l$ a gigantic ~sk. as           .of physical or mental work that any man can do.
 l am. sure Y01:l wdl all agree and on,e ~ I ca~I?-0t perform without Your (u:l:l help                   But. there was no rest.
 and ~.()P:C~tlon. Many of you ronsl<kred .t a pr,vllege to hdp me perform Operation                     On February 6th, 1962, at 9 p.m. came the most important Power manipulation
Starh~t whICh was. a very rostIy task. Our next Mission will be equally a$ «>stIy. But.            ever held for the benefit of terrestrial man up to'that time.
 there IS one great difference between the two and that is. while (com. Operation Starlight   ..         Again, Mars Secter 6. USing Satellite No.3. but now in Orbit of Mercury•
 there was no hope of any financial return, to the Society. from this one. as we have              manipulated the Jupiterian Power for the benefit of all men upon Earth and for
 already made a good sta,rt. we should lirtuaIly go from strength to strength financially          all the terrestrial mental planes. through the Three Adepts and 40 Agents of that
·as .w~il as .every oth~ way. More definite pbns of how we intend to hand1e this next              Mystic Order. The Great White Brotherhcod. '                                      .
  MISSIon Will appear In a bter Issue of Cosmic Voice.                                                   Probably more devastating catastrophies than the World can remember would
      Although the difficUilties we wiIl en«>unter will he very different from those we had        have caused the death and destruction .of tens of thousands of human lives. had.it
 to. ~vercome duri1l8 Operation Starlight. nevertheless. jf we stand togethec in true              not been for This, the most important Power Transmission ever given for man at
 Spl.fttUll brotherhood. we:.vill surmount ,these difficulties as we have done in the past.        any time. The World has a great debt to repay te the Cosmic Masters and to those
 We may on:Iy have a relativcly small Society, but What we lack in numbers, I am proud             few people whe are able to rooperate with an Operation such as this. Indeed was
 to say that we more than mak.e up for in quality.                                                 the Master Aetherius right when. in a Message to The Aetherius Society• .on April
                                                                                                    1st. 1961. at 9.30 p.m .• He stated quite categorically: ''The Aetherius Society is an
                                                                                                   essential part, an essential cog in the Great Cosmic Plan. It is the Master Cog,
                                                                                                   which is.being driven by a Cosmic Battery. If this Cog breaks, the battery cannot
                                                                                                   discharge itself correctly and a new Cog will have to be hand moulded."
              A WONDERFUL RECEPTION                                                                      There is more in this statement than meets the eye. To mention .only a small
                                                                                                   part of it. it was a brilliant prophesy on His part. as almost a year later. the
                                                                                                   Chairman of this Society was used in the most significant Power Manipulation
                        IN -DETROIT, U.S.A.                                                        ever held for the benefit of terrestrial man! In view of this. indeed is The Aetherius
                                                                                                   Society the MASTER COG in working out the Cosmic Plan on Earth. This one
                                                                                                   Operation alone makes it so, never mind the hundreds of other Special Operatiens
 , Our Chairman has just returned to Los Angeles after a very successful tour of                   which we have never yet spoken about!
6.500 miles. which included Detroit, Chicago and New York.             ,                                 Special Transmission No. 7 came on February 9th. 1962. at 11 p.m. and
     The reception which we received in Detroit was truly m3gnificent. On April                    lasted until 12.12 a.m. Mars Secter 6. still on Satellite Ne. 3. but this time In Orbit
4th. 1962. Edna Spencer, The Aetherius Society Branch Or$anizer for that area.                     of the Moen. carried on a Manipulation of Jupiterian Energies. radiated by Satellite
arranged a Press Conference at the Detroit Press Club. Ma)orDetroit Television                     No. 92. in Orbit of Earth, This Manipulation was for the basic physical and
and Radio stations who sent representatives were WWJ. WJBK. WXyz. WCAR.                            mental realms of Earth .. Blocks .of terrestrial cooperators were used at this time
WKMH: As ,well as th~se. station CKLW from Windsor. Canada. also taped                             and a great stream. of Energy was poured forth te you all. During this time the
sever3;l mtervlewS followmg the Press Conference. ·'The Detroit Times", ''The                      unique radionic apparatus in London, England, was being manned by the Reverend
DetrOIt Free Press", ''The United Press Wire Service" and "Newsweek". one of                       Keith Rebertson and his party .of willing helpers. so that even a greater Energy,
the largest Natioml newsmagazines. were also present.                                              could be sent out to aU mankind. While a good portion of the Werld slept or
     9n Al?ril 5th. 1962. from II p.m. till 1 a.m .• on Station WGPR·FM-Dr. lay                    lazily watched television sets. a great manipulation was going on for their welfare.
~e. lnt~rvlewed Reverend George King for two hours. Because of the tremendous                      through a relative few. Such is the irony of so-called modern civilisation!
Interest 1U the programme. Dr. Jay Zee did two more 2 hour interviews on April                           A human cellular structure can only stand so much. after which the cells begin
                                                                                                   to break down. By this time _I was beginning te feel the strain of receiving these
                                                               (Continued on pag~ 9)                                                                            (Continud on back pag~)
                                             2                                                                                               31
                                                                   THE AETHERIUS SOCIETY
                Members are now being considered for enrolment into The Aetherius Society.                                                                                                                                                                                          EDITORIAL
                The objects of the Society are as follows:-                                                                                                                                                                                               Operation Starlight. "The grmtest single Metaphysical Ta~ undtrtaken on Earth
                    1. To sl'read the teachings of the MastC'rs Aetherius. 1esus and other                                                                                                                                                          for the last 100,000 years ,. has now been completed. It is a J.iUle difficult even now to
                        Cosmic Masters                                                               .                                                                                                                                              appreciate the fact that it is finished. although this W~s accompHsh~ some (l'i ne months
                    2. To administer Spiritual Healing.                                                                                                                                                                                             ago. I suppose When one has had to live with a task as di.ffic1it and exacting a.s this fO(
                    3. To prepare the way for the coming of the next Master.                                                                                                                                                                        over 3 years. 0ll<:J gets used to it. Of course there are ~till many mysteries yet unsolved
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    aJbo'u.t O:J?etation Starlight. much yet unptllb-lished. :which must one. day be made .k?ow!l'
                    4. To organise the Society so as to create favourable conditions for closer                                                                                                                                                     But even so. the Mountains throughout the world are now charged and (WaIting f.ll
                        contact with and ultimately meetings with people from the other Planets.                                                                                                                                                    silent patience for a new breed of man-the New Age pilgriiJ11$ (0 treat them as shrines
                    5. T~ ~un~ in ~n~ _r~diate ,the_Power-transmitted·during · a-Holy time or                                                                                                                                                       of wor$hip be(ore their SllIpreme God.
                        Sp~~1tua~ ~usb. In ?rder to enhance all Spiritual practices. irrespective of                                                                                                                                           •          Actually I .was. used as a channd for 18 out of the 19 Mounta,i ns which wue
                        one s relIgIOUS belIefs.                                                                                                                                                                                                   ¢barged. Just be(ore the last 2 Mountains were charged i.n Europe. we were informed
                    6. To fo~m a Brotherhood based on the teachings and knowledge of the                                                                                                                                                           by the .Master-lAetherius that MOOnt KiJemanjaro in Africa had ~ cbargiCd by &ili>J
                       CosmIC Masters.                                                                                                                                                                                                             Goo-Ling. Up to the time olf going to Press. We have. not received ~ (uU report ~bouf
                    7. To spread the Spiritual Operation known as Operation Stadight                                                                                                                                                               this Moutl:tain, except that we do know now that jt is ano.t.he{ ~ctive Retreat of The
                       throughout the World. as directed by the Space People.                      .                                                                                                                                               Great White Brotherhood. This is the third Great White. Brotherhood Retreat which
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   has been formed. out !Of the Mountains charged in Opmltion Starlight. The other two
               The Aetherius Society is non· political. non· sectarian and non'profitmaking.                                                                                                                                                       are The Ctaigh.en.Letb-Otoin in the Cairngorm mountain range in Scotland and the
              /~t present n<? fixed donation is required for MernOership~ but we do stipulate that                                                                                                                                                 mighty Castle Peak standing majestic in the Rocky Mountains of CoItrado in Ameri~
    a mm!mu,m d(>luhon Of( $7.50 pet' annum lor thO$e in dollar areas be made and minimum                                                                                                                                                                 As soon as Operation 'Starlight was c'-tl{)leted. I. was ordered to retu~n to the
    donation. of £228. Od. lor those living in sterling area$.                                                                                                                                                                                     Cnigh·en·Leth·Oloin. in Scotland. There 1Was' conducted into the Great White Brother-
    ARE YOU WILLING TO BECOME A MEMBER AND HELP THIS WORK?                                                                                                                                                                                         hood Retreat anq ~own Their important work_;'n that area. In fact I learned that
        .Tbis isa vit~l Mission which depends upon YOUR generosity and help for its                                                                                                                                                                this Retreat was one of the most important to be O\Xupi~ by the Order in the whole
    contmued expanSIon.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            world.- I have made knO'Wll roy contact in a separate. little booklet. entitled: "My
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Contact With The Great White BrotherlloOO"•
-- ----------------..--- ...                                                                       ------------------.----------~------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               .
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      • At 11:15 a.m.• a.fter my contact with The Great White Brotherllood. on the (oUow-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   iog morning. S~ember 10th. 1961. I ,receiVed a tclq:athic Message from the. Master
                                                                                                                                                        Date~ ................. ,.......... ". ..... .                                             Aetherh.l$. while standing near the cllarged Rock on the summit of the Qaigh·en·Leth.
                               TO THE SECRETARY                                                                                                                                                                                                    (boin. Although this full Message is reported in the_OOoldet referred to~ s.uch is its-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   impOrtance that I feel that a part of it shou:ld a~ in this Editorial as the M.a~er·
   AETHERIUS HOUSE.                                         AETHERIUS SOCIETY,                                                                                                                                                                     Aetherius gave to me an outJ,ine of the coming Mission of roysel.! and The Aetherlus
   757. Fulham Road.                 OR                     456. So. Hobart Boulevard.                                                                                                                                                             Society.
   London. S.W.6.                                          Los Angeles S.
   England.                                                California. U.S.A.                                                                                                                                                                          Aetherius said these words :
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       .. Give the Wisdom of The Nine Freedoms to the World.
   I wish to ap~ly for membership of The Aetherius Society.                                                                                                                                                                                            .. You performed Operation Starlight W!ith a commendable honour. Through you,
   I enclose Cheque/Postal Order ................................................................. .                                                                                                                                               mankind was given something glorious which. when appreciated. will help him to raise
                          (Delete. whichever does not apply)                                                                                                                                                                                       himseIf into lofty Spiritual heights. hith«to undreamed of.
   Name .
   Address
                                          ,
                        01 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . " • • • • • • '11 . . . . . . . .,   •••
                                                                                                        ....... ........................................................... .                                                                           " Now go forth and give the Metaphysical Troths of our Message to those. who are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ready to &ten and ad•
                            • • • • • • • • • 01 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . -;. • • • • • • • " . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ,                      "Heed not those who. through their own Karmic limitations will try to fA'UStratc
    • • • • • • • • • • • , • • • • • • • • ,:" . . . . . . . . , . I , I • • • • • • ,. • • • • • • • • • • • 1 . . . . . . " ' "         ............................. 1 I. I .............. .                                                   these attempts. Thei{ own foolishness will be brought home. sometimes bitterly, to
   Date of birth .... :................ Place ..............                                                                            u..... Nationality .................... .                                                                  them for their-attempted interference wi·th the overall Cosmic Plan lor the En'lighten.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ment and lasting Spiritual un.i.fication of. Earth.            .
                                                     MINIMUM ANNUAL OONATION £2 2&. ()d.                                                                                                                                                               .. TeH your co-operators that they who heJp in this Mission to spread OUf True
                                                                    32                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1
                                                                , '

                                                                'I'
                                                                          (ContinU(d from pag~ 31)
                                                                          long arduous and highly technical Transmissions, which I may say. are a lot more


        COSMIC VO ICE
                                                                     I
                                                                II
                                                                ,
                                                                          difficult to re~ive than normal type of Message Transmissions. I would not have
                                                                          believed it possible that any human cell$. nerves and blood could have withstood
                                                                          these type of vibrations for as long as mine had to withstand them and but for
                                                                          manipulations done by the Space Intelligences on my physical and mental structures,
                                                                          the Aetherius Society would have had to carry on WIthout me.


                                                                ,
                                                                                But even so. there was still no rest. for on February 19th. 1962. at 10 p.m. came
                                                                          another outstanding Transmission. Again the Master strategist. Mars Sector 6.
                      THE MAGAZINE OF                                i    still in Satellite No.3. but this time in Orbit of Jupiter. manipulated the Jupiterian
                                                                          Energies through Satellite No. 92 to the Auric Body of the Earth. Energies were
              INTERPLANETARY COMMUNICATIONS                               manipulated by the Master of Earth, The Lord Babaji. through those mysterious
                                                  ,   ,
                                                                          saviours. the Three Adepts. In this latter manipulation. the Lord Buddha. the
                                                                           Master Jesus with Peter. Paul and John and Kuthumi. played a vital part. The
            EDITED BY THE REVEREND GEORGE KING                            Energies initially radiating from Jupiter. manipulated by Mars Sector 6. through
                                                                           these great Masters. were controlled by the Lord Babaji. in what must be one of
                                                                           the most amazing Metaphysical Operations of all times. The overall guidance of

        eAet~erius spea~s to Gart~                             ,"
                                                                          this Operation was done by a great Being from Saturn. simply referred to as
                                                                          Operator No. I. Who was in Orbit of Earth. This great Saturnian Lord was acting
                                                                          under the direction of one of the Lords of Kanna, in Orbit of the Planet Uranus.
                                                                    ,)
                      <0 Aetherius Society 1962                                 Thus ended the two series of 8 Special Transmissions given for the benefit of
                                                                     I     every lifestream upon Earth. as well as. the Earth Itself.
                                                                II
                                                                     I
                                                                                We of The Aetherius Society consider ourselves to be unworthy of the great
                                                                     I     privilege bestowed upon us. that of cooperating with these most vital Power Trans·
                          CONTENTS                                   'I
                                                                      I   missions and also being the organization chosen to make these facts known to all
         Page                                                              men who have overcome their ignorance to an extent which allows them to be
          I. Editorial                                                     ready for these occult Truths.
                                                                                Mars Sector 8 gave the last overall report of these wonderful Transmissions.
          2. A Wonderful Reception In Detroit U.s.A.                      MARS SECTOR 8, GENERAL INFORMATION
                                                                II
          3. BE NOT LIMITED               MARS SEcrOR 6             ,I           ··The Operation which you have just seen brought to a conclusion has been
         10. Operation Starlight-Switzerland    Michael Park   •          successful in as much as tremendous Energies have been released to all the Great
                                                                           White Brotherhood batteries. as well as to Shamballah and the batteries of Terra
         16. Operation Starlight-The Finale                                Itself. and also to the Terrestrial Aura. A culmination of Energy will of course
                                          Keith D. Robertson               remain to some extent in a state of potential until the exact moment of the
         21. THE CHRISTMAS MESSAGE                                         Initiation of this Planet. When this InitIation does come in its most potent stages,
                               THE MASTER AETHERlUS                        then these Energies will cause a heightened vibration of all base and auric mass of
                                          MARS SEcrOR 8                   Terra as an Entity."                                             GEORGE KING.
         23. LEAVE IT NOT AS THEORY
                                          MARS SEcrOR 6                   COSMIC VOICE
         26. THE NEW LORD'S PRAYER                                            Editor-GEoRGE KING.
                                      THE MASTER JESUS                        Assistant Editor-KEIrn D. ROBERTSON.
                                                                              Secretary-KEIrn D. ROBERTSON.
         29. POWER FROM JUPITER SAVES EARTH                                   Treasurer-JAMEs GoURLAY.
                                                George King                   Head OfJice-The Aetherius Press. Aetherius Society Headquarters. Aetherius
         32. The Aetherius Society                                                 House. 757. Fulham Road. London. S.W.6. England. (Tel. RENown 4187).
                                                                          Subscription Rates-                                    .
                                                                              16s. Od. post free (6 issues); $3.50 post free (6 issues Overseas). 3/- per copy
                                                                                   (3/4 post free); 65 cents pIlUS postage (Overseas). Special wholesale rates
.   ,                                                                              quoted on enquiry.
                         OVERSEAS BRANCHES
AMERICA
    American }Ieadquarters: Reverends Jrene_ and Monique Noppc. 4S6 So. Ho,bart.
         Blvd .• Los Angeles. 5. Calif.. U.S.A. (Phone: DUn~irk 9·6449.)
    Mrs. Della Larson. 3246. Sylvan Ave.• Oakland~ 2. Cahf.• U.S.A.
    Miss &in" Spencer. 13147. 1\lrner Ave., Detroit. Mi¢h., U.S.A.
CANADA
     Mrs. Ida Galloway. 213. Inverness Ave.• Hamilton E.
AUSTRALIA
     Mr. and Mrs, R. Chambers. IS Reynolds St.. Old Toongabbie. N. Parramatta,
         N.S.W:. Australia.
    Mrs. E. Chalmers. 8. Dublin St.. Yeronga. nth-bane. S.IO. Q_ucen~~nd. Au~tra.lia.
SOUTII AFRICA
     Mrs. L.Scholtz. Blue Mountains. Rutter Road. Lakeside. Cape Province. S.A.
JAPAN
     Mr. Takeo Nimiya. 617. Yoyogi·Hatsudai. Shibuyaku. Tokyo. Japan.
NETHERLANDS
     Miss Corrie van der Schalk. Prins Bernhardlaan. 2. Baarn. Nederland.

               PUBLICATIONS BY THE AETHERIUS SOCIETY

          YOU ABE lIESPONSIBLE!
   This True Story rontains repo{ts- 0'£ projected experiences 0'£ the Author~ The
Reverend George King. which seem. as do all great Tc"uths. mo{e fantastic tl1an fICtion.            SAVES
     There are nine inspIring. instructive speeches by The Cosmic Masters. as' well as
answers given by Them to scores of questions asked over the years.
     YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE! IS a book which is entirely different~mpletely
new. It is a book which will make you think-yet it gives you a greater insight into
                                                                                           iI
                                                                                                Q
the Mysteries of the Solar System and its inhabitants than any other book has ever
done.
     Here. stage by stage a sure path is outlined for mankind which. if- followed. will
lead him into the lastmg joy of a Golden Millenium.
     Price: $3.50. Postage and shipping 25 cents extrt. (Californians add 14 cents tax).
                                                                                                    EARTH!
     Price: U.K.: 18/- (Plus 1/- postage).

     COSMIC VOICE. the official organ of The Aetherius Society. is printed by
Farmer & Sons. Limited. 295 Edgware Road. London, W.2. and published by The
Aetherius Press. Aetherius Society Headquarters. Aetherius .. House. 757 Fulham
Road. London. S.W.6 (Telephone: RENown 4187). World Copyright reserved. Any
reproduction or translations from this publication. in whole or in,part must bear the
                                 .
appropriate acknowledgment. All rights reserved.        ,
