{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T08:38:25Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 18, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1281456, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/the-schizophrenic-theme-in-science-fiction.pdf", "source_sha256": "ec78bcf755a8a51fe4a8e01156700a19f66d42d49b153c74a7f4462397d63c22"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 552, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DECLASSIFICATION EFFORTS AND RESEARCH OF:
THE BLACK VAULT
THE BLACK VAULT IS THE LARGEST ONLINE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT/ GOVERNMENT
RECORD CLEARING HOUSE IN THE WORLD. THE RESEARCH EFFORTS HERE ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DECLASSIFICATION OF THOUSANDS OF DOCUMENTS THROUGHOUT THE U.S. GOVERNMENT,
AND ALL CAN BE DOWNLOADED BY VISITING:
HTTP://WWW.BLACKVAULT.COM
YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO FORWARD THIS DOCUMENT TO YOUR FRIENDS, BUT
PLEASE KEEP THIS IDENTIFYING IMAGE AT THE TOP OF THE
PDF SO OTHERS CAN DOWNLOAD MORE!

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 521, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AD A950810
FILE COPY
(12) 121
THE SCHIZOPHIRENIC THEME IN SCIENCE FICTION,
COY FRANKLIN D. JONES; MD
Psychiatry and Neurology Consuitant
Pentagon 2D520 DASG-PSC-F
Washington, DC 20310
Presentation at Senior Residents'
Symposium, Department of Psychiatry
and Neurology, Walter Reed
Arny Medical Center,
Washington DC 20012
11J June 1965/
Document Number ADA_.
Defense Technical Information Center
Alexandria, VA 22314
DELECT
AUG 1 O 1981
DISTRIBUTION STATEMENT A
Approved for public releaso;
Distribution Unlimlled
368470

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 194, "chars": 1231, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ABSTRACT
COL Franklin D. Jones, MD
The Psychiatry and Neurology Consultant
Office of The Surgeon General of the Army
Title: The Schizophrenic Theme in Science Fiction
Author: Franklin D. Jones, MD, COL, MC
Originally presented in 1965, this paper reports the results of a thematic study
of the short stories from the first six anthologies of Galaxy Magazine of Science
recite to shed shes le cerebore sien
Fiction published between 1952 and 1962 in an attempt to identify themes that might
Themes were rated as major or minor for each
story separated into 16 categories. Space travel and alien beings were found in
over half of the 123 stories but when the major themes were placed in diminishing
order super technology and humor were at the top, being present in 20 percent of all
The author concluded from this study, as well as from an analysis of the
writers of science fiction, that certain themes such as super powers, telepathy,
being influenced by external agencies, conspiracy, etc., bear only a morphologic
similarity to schizophrenic symptoms and do not indicate pathology in the writers
or readers of this genre.
Accession For
NIIS GRAZI
DRIC TAR
Un annourced
Distribution/
Availet: lity Cores
Din!
is.cial
UNANNOUNCED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 497, "chars": 3155, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INTRODUCTION
Perhaps closely related to the question of the schizophrenic theme in
science fiction is that of the science fiction theme in schizophrenia, one which
has long been recognized. In a book published in 1900 by & Swiss psychologist
(Flournoy, 1900) a medium whom he had followed ten years was described as begin-
ning to conmunicate with Martians in lier of the dead. This followed shortly
after the publication of a sensational book on the subject. More recently case
reports have described science fiction themes such as space travel and time
machines which have dominated the delusional life of patients. These produc-
tions seem readily explicable in terus of the cultural matrix; i.e., there is a
profusion of science fiction themes and scientific concerns in our present
culture.
The eccentric inventor huddled with a super machine in the patent
office became such a commonplace that it is zo longer considered ludicrous
enough to warrant inclusion in the Sunday supplements of the newspapers. The
flying saucer pandemic has only recently relinquished its foremost place among
the manifestations of the silly season. Accorded much publicity in the
Washington, DC area was an elderly man (Adamski, 1965) who revealed in news
conferences that he had made interplanetary trips.
He claimed that Martians and
Venusians with
whom he had conversed at length had infiltrated the US Govern-
meat.
"Venusians are a friendly sort but watch out for the Martians. They are
hostile," he warned.
Early explanations of delusional themes, when found related to literature,
ascribed an adverse affect on the mind from reading imaginative fiction.
In his
description of the onset of Don Quixote's exploits, Cervantes (1955) stated of
the Knight of the Rueful Countenance:
He ...gave himself up to reading books of chivalry with such
ardor and avidity.. that ...he became so absorbea in his books
that he spent his nights from sunset to sunrise and his days
from
dawn to dark poring over them; and what with little sleep
and much reading, his brains got so tired that he lost his
wits. His fancy grew full of what he used to read about in his
books, enchantments, quarrels, battles, challenges, wooings,
loves, agonies, and all sorts of impossible nonsense; and it so
possessed his mind that the whole fabric of invention and fancy
he read of was true, that to him no history in the world had
more reality in it.
In short, his wits being quite gone, he
hit upon the strangest notion that ever madman in this worid
hit upon... that he should make a knight errant of himself...
In 1850 Worthington Hooker, a champion of the moral therapy of the times, in
describing the etiologies of insanity, reiterated the deleterious effects of
contumely literature.
From the discovery by Freud of an unconscious which unerringly directs or
misdirects
our intention such that there are no "accidents,
" this naive, cause-
effect relationship along with most other post hoc psychiatric relationships,
was challenged.
Behavior came to be understood as reflecting the activities of
a multifunctional ego coping
with instinctual impulses and demands of reality
and
prohibition.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 3018, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F. Do Jones, M.D: Schizophrenia in Science Fiction
slips of the lip, self-defeating behavior, and even literary productions could
reveal to the observant Freudian more than was intended. Later analysts drew
similar conclusions about hallucinations and delusions.
In the life and works
of Dostoevsky, Freud (1961) sees the malignant effects of an unresolved oedipal
complex:
•..It must be asked why there is any temptation to reckon
Dostoevsky among the criminals.
The answer is that it comes
from his choice of material, which singles out from all others,
the violent, murder,
and egoistic characters, thus pointing to
the existence of similar tendencies within himself...
Of interest to us, of course, is this concept that the writer manifests he
neurotic part of his character in his work. Ihus, we have two ideas here.
The
first exemplified by Don Quixote's launching on a career of knight errantry
after reading books of chivalry, is that a delusion is some sort of exaggeration
of the prevalent cultural theme. Hollingshead and Redlich (1958) in their study
of class status and
mental illness accept this idea at least in part:
...Cultural and social conditions are reflected in the content
of mental illnesses.
lo give a simple example, in a republic,
megalomanic patients imagine themselves president and not
emperor...In our culture symptoms of being influenced by spir-
its and demons have been replaced by beliefs that one is
controlled by electricity and, most recently, by radar oI
atomic energy.
They warn, however,
that the culture probably determines the external shape
or form rather than the essential nature of the phenomenon;
"The deeper
relationship between symptom and culture is not understood." This idea applied
to science fiction would mean that what the author writes is a reflection of
these cultural trends. A related idea is the form delusions of influence have
taken.
With the industrial revolution the source of influence became machines
rather than Mesmerism or Svengalism or demons, etc.
The other idea, exemplified by
the analysis of Dostoevsky through his
writings, and even better by Freud's analysis of
the Schreber case,
is that
infantile fantasies and conflicts continue to be worked and reworked by a
person, not only in symptoms but even in literary homomorphs.
PLANK'S HYPOTHESIS
A fusion of these two ideas was attempted by Robert Plank (1953, 1954), a
psychiatric social worker who wrote impressionistic articles on the subject of
psychotic themes in science fiction.
His fusion consists of recognizing science
fiction writers as sensitive "barometers" of cultural pathology who, inder
stress, write out their psychotic ideas
as an abreactive or catharctic process.
The science fiction themes are seen as "symptoms of growing discomfort in a
growingly technical civilization" in which "material of that sort (psychotic) is
free-floating
in our culture and needs to be abreacted in this way.
In his
concept of a technical culture which produces discomfort in the individual,

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 422, "chars": 2747, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F. Do Jones, M.D: Schizophrenia in Science Fiction
Plank substantiates
of adjusting to the
the view espressed by in on 196 that erican May
This then is the cultural aspect of the fusion.
Plank (1953) implies that science fiction authors have psychotic conflicts
and that writing the stories
helps them maintain their emotional health:
...Conclusions can be drawn from the content and flavor of the
story on the mental condition of its author...By objectifying
his fantasies in a work which has existence outside of his
or 1 at 0 at
mind, the writer is able to rid himself of fantasy material,
but if not so handled, might indeed get a more personal hold of
him and quite possibly emerge as a sympton. . . .
this would
Imply two things: Primary process naterial, which themes in
science fiction
break forth in psychotic manifestations, is
present in the minds of the writers--and by the same token, in
the readers. And abreacting this potentially psychotic mate-
rial through writing (and reading) those stories deprives it of
its virulence.
A possible criticism
of this idea is that Plank seems to assume increasing
anxiety of our age is self-evident and results in increased mental illness. He
then attempts to show a morphologic similarity between the major science fiction
themes
and certain schizophrenic conclusions.
Another possible criticism is his
assumption that a morphologic similarity would imply a real connection between
the two.
Plank (1953) first divides these latter trends into classes on the basis of
appearance or morphology. Four types interest hin in this context:
1. Realimorph: A typee of literary production that depicts
chains of events of the same nature as those actually observed
in reality.
2. Somniomorph: Literary productions depicting events of such
a nature and
connected in such a manner as they typically occur
in dreams.
Much of the work of Kafka, for insiance, is of this
quality.
3. Egomorph: Attributing an unrealistically exalted role to
the hero,
thus reflecting
the self aggrandizemert that is char-
acteristic of daydreams and the fantasies of the neurotic.
Science fiction has its share.
4. Schizomorph: Literary productions that parallel the
productions of
schizophrenic (especially the paranoid schizo-
phrenic) in such a manner that a person who would believe that
the events depicted in those stories could happen in real life-
-and more specifically, that they could or did happen to him--
would
on the stength
of that be diagnosed as schizophrenic.
Old Black
Joe's voices (Gone are my friends from the cotton
fields away, ... I hear their gentle voices calling, Old Black
Joe) are examples of a schizomorph turn of phrase,
but it is
very rare in literature to find
a schizomorph motif except one

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 501, "chars": 3312, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F. D. Jones, M.D: Schizophrenia in Science Fiction
as sketchy and fleeting as this. Elaborate
schizomorph produc-
tions are, however, surpisingly prevalent in science fiction.
After a brief and generally satisfactory definition of science fiction as
"..ALl those works of Literature. in which a fictitious scientific or ted erso
nologic discovery or invention is an essential feature of the content,
"..those works that are so labeled by their authors," Plank (1953) describes
three motifs which "are found with paramount frequency in current science
fiction."
Thes motifs are space travel, removal from communion with the living
(survival after
catastrophe), and influencing machines.
In the case of space
travel, he sees a more cogent meaning than that this was and is along with
atomic
energy the most talked about scientific advancement of our times. Rather
he saw this as the schizophrenic penchant for distancing. He did point out that
space travel occurs in
the delusions of some patients.
His proposed morphologic
similarity is unconvincing and it seems more likely that the topic is Ieally an
obvious next step in man's scientific evolution.
Perhaps a better sinilarity
might be seen in Minkowsi's (Arieti, 1950) concept of schizophrenia. In his
major work, La Schizophrenie, he states that the crucial point of the schizo-
phrenic syndrome is
"the loss of vital contact with reality.."
In other studies
he focuses his attention on the alteration of the sense of time and space in
schizophrenics.
Whereas space expands to include the whole category of the
objects that are involved in the patient's delusions, time is blocked and
limited to the present.
In his discussion of the theme of removal from communion with the living (or
survival of a remnant after castrophe) as morphologically similar to the
isolation reported by schizophrenics, he is again uncovincing. The essence of a
schizohprenic's isolation is that it occurs while he is among people who cannot
understand his torments.
Finally, he gives examples of delusions of influence both in his patients
and in science fiction stories.
ere coerced and
controlled.
By use of mind machines and telepathy, people
In this instance, there is
the appearance of simil-
¡arity. In another article, Plank (1954) describes the "compulsive" need of the
science fiction authors to deal with communications. He sees as the common
denominator of all the means of human communication developed in the various
types of stories
as one of "short-cutting" the more conventional medium of
language.
This shift in emphasis, he claims, parallels the breakdown of under-
standing in the world which began
in 1914.
SCIENCE FICTION WRITERS
On these bases, then, Plank erects his hypothesis of psychotic themes in
science fiction.
Data available on the science fiction writers themselves does
not especially support Plank's hypothesis. Numerous popular magazines have given
individual examples of the social prominence of the science fiction readers and
writers.
Included in the former, for example, were Albert Einstein, J. Robert
Oppenheimer, Herman J. Muller (1946 Nobel Prize winner in medicine) and
Frederick Schumann (professor
of political science at Williams College) and
Arthur C. Clarke. Perhaps the best known among the latter for scientific work
4 .
- a tra

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 3078, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F. Do Jones, M.D: Schizophrenia in Science Fiction
outside of
science fiction is Dr. Leo Szilard, the nuclear physicist who with
Enrico Fermi fathered the atomic bomb. Others include astronomer and
cosmologist, Fred Hoyle, and scientist writer, Isaac Asimov, teacher of bioct
istry at Boston University School of Medicine until 1958 when he left his pos.
tion to devote full time to writing.
As a group, science firtion writers contain a greater portion with formal
training than is the case with authors of other types.
According tore Spreer DeCamp, a top writer himsel, of the 15 leading contes
porary writers of science fiction in 1953, eight had a scientific background,
four were engaged in such work at the time and two held Ph.d's in Chemistry.
A more objective study was done by Drevdahl and Cattell (1958), psycho-
logists famous for their studies on the personalitites of creative individuals.
They obtained personality profiles on 153 artists and writers.
The writers were
made up of two groups, one science fiction containing 58 people and the other
not science fiction containing 31 people. The science fiction-subgroup scored
above the general population on stability and control but not significantly so
as did the other writers and artists.
They, as well as the artists, were above
the general population in tenseness and restlessness:
"The science fiction writers are significantly more radical,
are less sensitive emotionally, and less stable and controlled
than either non-science fiction writers or artists.
'They are
also significantly less concerned with group standards but are
more psychothymic, intelligent, dominant, and surgent than
other authors."
"Science fiction writers appear to be somewhat more radica]
than non-science fiction writers or artists and this may be
necessary in the demands that science fiction makes for unusu-
an intellectual nature.
Their tendency to be less
emotionally sensitive may further reflect their involvement in
a world that has no present-day counterpart and that would be a
source of material for other writers
artists who very often
elaborate and interpret present day "reality."
Dominance and
surgence in a greater degree are needed to "put across" a radi-
cally different and unusual story or point of view.
These studies would hardly substantiate the type of person expected by Plank
unless we
assume that writing science fiction is so therapeurtic as to make the
authors more stable than the normal population.
SCIENCE FICTION LITERATURE
I should now like to 100k at the science fiction litarature itself. The
intimate relationship between a culture and its fiction has long been known.
Parrington in his monumental study, Main Currents in American Thought, has docu-
mented the function of literature as social criticism. Examples come readily to
or stora tire a bod rat tea.
mind. Plato's Republic, Orwell's 1984, and Huxley's Brave New World are classic
examples.
In a content analysis of scientific fiction,
Treguboff (1955), 8
psychologist, established the fact that this was true also of science fiction.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 474, "chars": 2974, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F. Do Jones, M.D: Schizophrenia in Science Fiction
She also points out
that science fiction has become a mass medium. She claims
that between 1938 and 1953 the number of magazines which published science
fiction increased more thant 600%.
At the time of her study (the golden age of
science fiction) estimates ran as high as 6 million readers of science fiction.
Hirsch in a content analysis of samples of science fiction published between
1926 and 1950 (a total of 300 stories) concludes that "
•Science fiction is the
major contemporary popular medium towara the expession of social criticism and
the building of social utopias and counter utopias."
METHOD In preparation for this paper I read the short stories taken from
Galaxy Magazine of Science Fiction published during the "Golden Age of Science
Fiction" in the 6 H. I. Gold anthologies, picking out major and minor themes
which I broke down into 16 categories.
The later Galaxy anthologies were not
included due to the fact that H. I. Gold was replaced by Frederick Pohl as
editor and anthologizer. The bias of having one editor choosing all the stories
is unavoidable but not necessarily detrimental since this same bias must be
reflected in the millions of readers of Galaxy magazines and anthologies.
Galaxy was also chosen because not only was it the most popular in sales
of the
three Leading science fiction magazines, but in the case of the other two one
did not anthologize
sufficiently (Analog, formerly called Astounding Science
Fiction) or also included fantasy stories (The Magazine Of Fantasy and Science
Fiction).
In the six
volumes there were 123 short stories and 2042 pages.
two volumes had
twice as many stories as the last four which had about 15
stories each.
The categories were as follows:
the first
1. Space
t'avel: This was listed as minor if any passing
reference
were made to
it or if it could be implied.
That is
to say from references to interplanetary travel or interaction
with alien
cultures.
If it were the major theme, for example,
the hardships of close confinement in a space ship might be the
whole story, it was so listed as major. This question of
whether or not a theme was integral to the plot or not was
generally the one followed in deciding if the theme were major
OI minOX.
2.
Catastrophe: World or cultural destruction or threat of it
whether by chance, physical forces, alien invasion, or the
result of man's own folly were generally considered major; that
is, they were usually found indispensable to the plot.
however:
historical phase much like the destruction of ancient Rome, it
was listed
as minor.
3.
Supertechnology: This included such developments as super-
machines or weapons, androids (manufactured people), and
super
sociological
advances.
If the story hinged on them
they were
listed as major, but if they could be listed as only giving a
background
mood
to the story they were listed as minor.
4. Time travel: The development of the time machine or time

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 399, "chars": 2629, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F. Do Jones, M.D: Schizophrenia in Science Fiction
ravel was reserved Ior this category rather than being place
under supertechnology and the same rules applied to it i
deciding whether it were major or minor.
In some cases, "time
viewing"
occurred but this type was also included in this cate-
gory.
5• Superpowers: In this category were included the various
'psionic"
or ESP powers (teleportation, telekinesis, etc.) with
the exception of telepathy which was listed separately since it
affords such a "plausible"
explanation for auditory hallu-
cinations.
Also included in this category were supergenius,
supermemory, supermorals, superadaptability, etc.
6. Ielepathy: As noted, this was listed separately from the
superpowers.
If it were used to hypnotize or, control, the
story was also listed under the category of influence.
Influence:
In this category were placed all the agents of
influence, possession, mind theft and similar concepts.
agents might include physical ones, alien entities or external
sources such
as telepathy.
Closely allied to this theme was
dehumanization or depersonalization and many were listed in
both categories.
In some cases possession or influence was
accompanied
by heightened humanity or well-being as in the
typical case of
a symbiote which brought out a person's latent
superpowers and
these were listed only in the influence cate-
8. Dehumanization: Loss of humanness, sometimes by trans-
formation, physical or mental.
Cases in which depersonal-
ization or feelings of unreality occurred were also included in
this category.
Conspiracy or persecution: Ihis theme was also associated
with influence or dehunanization themes but not necessaril, in
For example, it occurred independently in "The Misogynist,
which a conspiracy of women against men is depicted and in "Or
All the Seas with Oysters," in which aliens bent on conquering
the world, assumed the forms of ordinary objects such as coat
On the other hand, possession or influence occurred
outside of this category when the possessors were benign or
uninvolved in man's fate. If this distinction is not made,
persecution and influence might be considered together.
Isolation: In this category were listed the "Last Man on
Earth" or "Lost Colony" or similar concepts described by Plank
as being of "
great frequency."
Also included were stories in
which isolation or
loneliness were explicitly or implicitly
stated
to be themes. Ionelirass is exemplified by "A Saucer of
Loneliness" in which a lonely woman who is ugly meats a lonely
man who is ugly
and isolation is seen in "Caretaker" in which a
man is marooned on an alien planet.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 442, "chars": 2825, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F. Do Jones, M.D: Schizophrenia in Science Fiction
11. Humor: Some stories were told merely for humor or primar-
ily for humor and might or might not have had the other
elements listed.
12.
Totalitarian government:
Ihis category was included as a
test of the social criticism aspect of science fiction;
son state" it was wondared how often one might find the "Barri-
described. This was surprisingly infrequent.
Whenever a govenment was described as being intolerant or
repressive, it was included. Stories otherwise usually assumed
a similar government to our own or a multiplicity of types.
13.
ALIENS,
Total. In this category were listed all the
stories that had any aliens.
14: ALIENS,
Evil. In this category were listed those stories
in which an alien
was described as being evil or hostile to
man.
13.
Aliens,
Benign. In this category were listed those
stories in which
the alien was seen as helpful or friendly to
man.
Aliens,
Humanoid. In this category were lised those
stories in which the alien has a human-like form.
13. Aliens,
Non-humanoid. In this group were listed those
categories in which
the alien did not have the form of a human.
Results of this
impressionistic tabluation are depicted in TABLES 1 and 2
indicating that the overwhelming concern of science fiction writers is the
impact on society of burgeoning technology and the presence of the alien in our
Interestingly enough, these themes are often dealt with humorously (32
Not shown here was a chronological study of the supertechnology
theme which revealed that it has steadily gained in popularity as a major theme.
It was a major theme in 15 per cent of the stories of the first anthology, 7 per
cent of the second, 20 per cent of the third, 27 per cent of the lourth, 33 per
ent of the fiith, and 43 per cent of the sixtn anthology.
The superpowers
theme (including telepathy) has steadily declined, perhaps indicating a tren
toward trust in machines rather than in inherent or latent abilities.
This
emphasis on technology is possibly related to the notion of scientific mille-
nialism, a recrudescence of the Victorian religious millenialism which was
virtually destroyed by the bitter experiences of two world wars. Science
fiction writers seem to be the spokesmen for that segment of society which still
accepts
the idea of the perfectibility of man now to be achieved through the
machine.
all sorts have remained steadily as prop characters, but have
declined as major thenes of themselves (evil aliens declined from 9 per cent to
O per cent,
benign aliens from 30 per cent to 0 per cent, humanoid aliens from
15 per cent to 0 per cent, and non-humanoid aliens of themselves were never
major themes when the first and last anthologies were compared). Of the 68
aliens, 47 were benign and 25 evil; 49 were non-humanoid and 25 humanoid. The

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 59, "chars": 529, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I. Do Jones, M.D: Schizophrenia in Science Fiction
TABLE 1
Categories arranged according to appearance of a
theme in the 123 stories in diminishing order.
NI. vi Stories
with Theme
72
68
% of Stories
with Theme
59
54
Category
1• Space Travel
Alien - Total
3. Super Technology
4.
Alien - Non Humanoid
5. Alien - Benign
6.
Humor
7.
Super Powers
3.
Telepathy
9.
Isolation
10.
Influence
11.
Alien - Evil
12.
Alier - Humanoid
13.
Dehumanization
14.
Catastrophe
15.
Time Travel
16.
Persecution (Conspiracy)
17.
Totalitarian Government

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 62, "chars": 550, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F. Do Jones, M.D: Schizophrenia in Science Fiction
TABLE 2
Categories erranged according to appreance of a
major theme in the 123 stories in diminishing order
Category
1. Super Iechnology
2. Humor
3. Alien - Total
4. Influence
5.
Time Pravel
6.
Super Powers
7. Alien - Benign
8.
Dehumanization
9. Catastrophe
10. Space Travel
11. Persecution (Conspiracy)
12. Alien - Humanoid
13. Isolation
14. Alien - Evil
15.
Telepathy
16.
Totalitarian Government
17. Alien - Nor - Humanoid
NI. of Stories
with Major Theme
25
24
% of Stories
with Major Theme
20
20

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 545, "chars": 3472, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
evil aliens were seen as non-humanoid five times as frequently as they were seen
as humanoid (20:4), while the benign aliens were about evenly divided between
non-humanoid and humanoid (32:22).
These findings are difficult to interpret
but seem to indicate a more sympathetic understanding of the alien.
Influence and dehumanization themes have delcined (18 and 12 per cent
respectively in the first anthology and 7 and 0 per cent respectively in the
sixth anthology as major themes), but persecution or conspiracy has been some-
what variable. When the influence, dehumanization, and persecution themes were
lumped together, 42 stories (34 per cent) had them as themes and in 2/3 they
were major themes. This would seem to corroborate Plank's hypothesis of the
paranoid character of science fiction.
Space travel, although frequently used for background effect, was a major theme
in only nine
stories, mostly in the early anthologies. Apparently fact is so
rapidly encroaching on fanstasy that this theme's allure is fading.
comparison of sexual themes with the paranoid themes (influence dehumanization,
persecution) failed to reveal any correlation; that is to say, sex as a theme
was found about equally frequently in all stories except the humorous where it
was sligntly more frequently found. Ihus, this study fails to throw any light
on the Freudian theory of paranoia as being related to repressed homosexuality.
It does show that the science fiction writers have gained an important insight
into sexuality: you might as well joke about it.
CONCLUSION
Let me make a preliminary apologia for the value of
a thematic study of the
delusional in science fiction.
The value of such a study
of schizophrenia
itself has been most eloquently attested to in the work of Binswanger (1960) who
tries
"to explain the delusional world of the patient as the evolving of a theme
(terror, for instance, in the case of Suzanne Urban, who is the prisoner of her
own theme of
terror and becomes the prisoner of a world of terror). Fear of
filling the body and becoming fat in order to compensate for an empty existence
is the theme in the case of Ellen West."
A similar view of delusions is held by
Medard Boss (1963) who sees the patient as being trapped in one of the reaims of
corona hasica son and bols on a panting vil red estate the
copromanic hallucinations and delusions of a
hyperclean crystal collector," he stated that they can
"be understood on the
basis of the condition of
this whole existence, of its having fallen prey to the
realm of the excremental."
Finally, to answer the question of what in science fiction is schizophrenic, one
must say it is the appearance of similarity, a morphological similarity.
appearance is found in mythology, fairy tales, folk iore, some religions, and
even science.
The unifying experience of all these disparate elements is
experience of the unknown or the dimly perceived and a human response to it, a
desire to grasp it and to
disspell its threat by an explanation.
threat was used because the
unknown is invariably apprehended as a threat.
response to
threat is almost a glandular one: fright - fight - anger. It does
not seem unusual, then, that some science fiction stories might have a paranoid
"appearance."
Freud postulated religion as being a societal obsessive compul-
give neurosis on the
basis of its similarity to one of the outcomes of an
unsuccessful Oedipal configuration. Theologians have not been notably persuaded

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 148, "chars": 883, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
..
of the "cure" he proposed for this malady.
As far as the science fiction writer himself, he is the purveyor of new ideas in
a salable form.
He hes found a way of escaping the fate of similar pioneers
described in the Organization Man:
"A really new idea offends current agreement
- it wouldn't be a new idea if it didnt -aná the group, impelled as it is to
agreement, is instinctively hostile to that which is diviyire."
But the main
thing about the science fiction writer is that he is emancipated. Ine creative
use of his imagination is available to him. His access to free association
might make analytic patients envious.
This very freedom of access to new ideas
as well as the deeper unconscious associations might produce alarm in the more
inhibited who would label this "pathological."
The creative use to which this
material is put, however, should allay these alarmists.

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 230, "chars": 1844, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
...
F. Do Jones, M.D: Schizophrenia in Science Fiction
BIBLIOGRAPHY
1. Arieti, Silvano: The American Handbook of Psychiatry, Vol 1, Chapter 23,
Schizophrenia: symptomatology
and Mechanism, Basic Books, Inc., New York,
1050, pp. 458-459.
2. Binswanger, In Existence, Rollo May, Ed., Basic Books 1961.
Boss; Medard; Psychoanalysis and Daseinsanalysis, Basic Books, Inc., New
York, London, 1963. Pp. 276-277.
4. Caryant, Mateon no uite de la sha. Part One, Bp. 3-4, John
5. Davidson, Avrom:
"Or All the Seas with Oysters," The Fourth Galaxy Keader:
H. I. Gold (Ed), Doubleday & Co. Inc., Garden City, N.Y., 1959.
6. DeCamp, Lo Sprague: Science Fiction Handbook, Hermitage House, 1953, pp.
145ff.
7. Drevdahl, John E, and Cattell, Raymond B.: "Personality and Creativity in
Artists and Writers," J. Clin. Psychol. 14: 107-111, 1958.
8.
Ekstein, Rudolf, and Wright, Dorothy; "The Space Child," Bulletin of the
Menninger Clinic,. 16: 1952.
9.
Ekstein, Rudolf: "The Space Child's Time Machine," Paper presented at
Annual Meeting of Am. Orthopsychiatric Assoc., 1953.
10.
Erikson, Erik H.: Childhood and Society, Chapter 8, Reflections on the
Identity, w. W. Norton and Co., Inc., New York, Second Edition,
Fenichel, Otto: The Psychoanalytic Theory of Neurosis, Chapter XVII.
Schizophrenia, w. W. Norton, Co., Inc., New York, 1945.
12. Flammarion, C.:
Le Planete Mars et ses conditions d'habit-
abilitie, Paris, 1892 (Pub. unknown).
13. Flournoy, Theodore; From India to the Planet Mars,
Harper and Brother, New York and London, 1900.
14. Freud, Sigmund; "Dostoevsky and Parricide (1928)" in
The Complete Paychological Works of Sigmund Fraud, James
Strachey, transl., Hogarth Press, It., London, 1961.
Gold, H. I. (Ed): Ihe Galaxy Reader, Crown Pub. Inc.,
New York, 1952
16. Gold, H. I. (ED): The Second Galaxy Reader, Crown Pub.
Inc., New
York, 1954.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 236, "chars": 1875, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F. Do Jones, M.D: Schizophrenia in Science Fiction
17.
Gold, H. I. (Ed):
The Third Galaxy Reader, Doubleday
& Co., Garden City, New York, 1958.
18. Gold, H. I. (Ed):
The Fourth Galaxy Reader, Doubleday
& Co., Garden City, New York, 1959.
19-
Gold,
H. I. (Ed): The Fifth Galaxy Reader; Doubleday
& Co., Garden City, New York, 1961.
20. Gold, Ho I. (Ed) :
The Sixth Galaxy Reader, Doubleday
& Co., Garden City, New York 1962.
21. Gunn, James E.: "The Misogynist," Ihe Second Galaxy
Reader, Grown Pub. Inc., H. I. Gold (Ed), New York, 1954.
22.
Hirsch, Walter:
"The Image of the Scientist in Science
Fiction; A Content Analysis,"
Am. J. Soc, pp. 506-512.
March
1958.
23. Holiingshead, A. B. and Redlich, F. C.: Social Class
and Mental Illness: A Community Study, John Wiley & sons,
Inc., New York, 1958, pp. 359-360.
Hooker, Worthington;
Physician and Fatient, Baker and
Scribner, New York, 1849, pp. 322-323.
25. Jung, tarl Go: Flying saucers: A Modern Myth of Things
Seen In The Skies.
Transl. from german by R. F. C. Hull
Harcourt, Brace, New York, 1959.
26.
Obituary Section, Ihe Washington Daily News, Friday, April
30, 1965, George Adamski.
fiank, Robert:
"Communication in Science Fiction, " Etc,
Vol 11, pp. 16-20, 1953.
28. Plank, Robert: The Reproduction of Psychosis in Science
Fiction " Internat. J. Med. Clin. Pract., 1954, 167:
407-421.
29. Schmitz, James H.: "Caretaker,"
The Second Galaxy Reader,
H. I. Gold (Ed), Crown Pub., Inc., New York, 1954.
30. Sturgeon, Iheodore;
"Saucer of Loneliness," Ihe Second
Galaxy Reader, H. I. Gold (Ed), Crown Pub., Inc., New York, 1954.
31. Tausk, Victor: "On the Origin of the 'Influencing Machine'
in Schizophrenia,"
Pea. Quart. 2: 519-556, 1933, or in The
Psychoanalytic feader, Robt. Fliess (Ed.),
Internationa
Univ Press, Inc., New York,, 1962, pp. 3i-04.
32. Treguboff, Zoe Liles: A Study of Social Cricitism in Popular

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 68, "chars": 489, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
F. D. Jones, M.D: Schizophrenia in Science Fiction
Fiction: A Content Analysis of Science Fiction, Dissertation
at U. of Cal. at Los Angeles, 1955, (Obtained on loan).

H.: The Organization Man, Doubleday Anchor
o., Inc., Garden City, New York, 1956

33. Whyte, William
Books, Doubleday &

C

esol ib aetna sO ae ee OR OP Pi

saatiaiand haat irda sacnisne 1 hersominss oad

sane,
nates

' i i, . ta ae . reese
bik imine nmemmmemnat iat apamand nares om ence | fa accom aan nad Laliomanned
