{"created_utc": "2026-08-10T03:59:51Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5033941, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/the-nsa-and-a-1978-mufon-conference-more-lost-ufo-material-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "cfd497163295ce681e8f55cd0cac5ed881ff0520d24fc6a0c211db33d53d9aca"}

NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY
          SECURITY
                                   CENTRAL SECURITY SERVICE


NUONNI
                        AGENCY


   MIED
          STAL

                                                                                  Date: 26 May 2022


  Mr. John Greenewald , Jr.
  27305 W Live Oak Rd
  Suite # 1203
  Castaic , CA 91384
  FAX 1-818-659-7688


  Dear Mr. Greenewald :


        This responds to your request of 19 July 2021 for a Mandatory Declassification
  Review (MDR) of the following record :


                         Memorandum for the Record - Subject: Information Request Solicitation
                         (on NSA.gov).


                 We conducted a reasonable search and, unfortunately, could not locate the
  original , unredacted copy of the aforementioned record. Therefore, the document on
  NSA.gov , serves as our copy of record . However, during the search more responsive
  material was identified . That material has been reviewed under Mandatory
  Declassification Review ( MDR) requirements of Executive Order 13526 and is enclosed .
  We have determined that some of the information in the material requires protection .


                 Section 3.5 (c ) of E.O. 13526 , allows for the protection afforded to information
  under the provisions of law . Therefore, the names of NSA/CSS employees and
  information that would reveal NSA/CSS functions and activities have been protected in
  accordance with Section 6 , Public Law 86-36 (50 U.S. Code 3605 , formerly 50 U.S.
  Code 402 note) .


                 Ifyou have questions regarding this action , please contact me at 301-688-7785.


                                                  Sincerely ,

                                                          .
                                                    Anacher
                                                   Amacter
                                         JaquetoreM.


                                           Jacqueline M. Amacher
                                                    Chief
                                           Declassification Service
Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
                                                                                 Clean
                                                                                         Copey
                                                                                         Сарез


       MEMORANDUM for the Record                              29 August , 1978


       From :
                                                         PL    86-36 / 50   USC    3605
       To :       D4


       Subj :     Information request solicitation


                The enclosed chronology was drafted for the S group security
                                                                             officer

       and is forwarded for information .


i
                                                                                                 HI


    Approved for Release by NSA on 09-12-2017 pursuant to E.C. 13526        MDR Case 100643
                      The followi          is reported for the record :     ackground information is


                provided to maintain perspective .

                Monday ,   10 July ,   1978    Checked                                PL    86-36 / 50     USC   3605


                Friday , 21 July       I explained my association with UFOs to my supervisors and

                contacted                      (former S1 staff) who inturn arranged an appointment with

                                 of D4 .


                Monday ,   24 July     Discussed UFO status with D4 concluding that I understand

                my position , and that NSA prefers that I keep an extremely low profile .

                Wenesday , 26 July         Had a security brief by M5 where I explained my position

                 on UFO matters and related that I had checked with D4 on this and that I had


                an understanding of my position relating UFOs , NSA and me .                Discussed UFOs


                 at length .


                      NOTE :   Upon checking into a command I do not generally surface this

                      problem till I am settled in but in this case I was due to attend a UFO


                      Symposium in Dayton , Ohio on the 29th and 30th of July and thought it

!
                      proper to notify NSA because of the remote possibility of the symposium


                      getting some national media coverage and the possibility that my name

                      or photograph might be associated with such coverage .

                Saturday and Sunday ,         29-30 July   Attended the Mutual UFO Network 1978 UFO


                Symposium , Dayton , Ohio .       On saturday a program was presented by a Mr.


                Stringfield and as an adjunct he introduced a Mr. Robert Barry .                  Barry discussed ,

                 and showed publicly , two letters         he allegedly recieved from the CIA .       My
                T                                                                        44.
                 immediate opinion was that the letters were fraudulent .              Sunday I was intro

!               duced to Mr. Stringfield and requested copies of the letters .                   I explained

                 that I felt that the letters were frauds and that I thought I could possibly

                 have them checked out .


                 Thursday , 3 August        Contacted NSA - CIA liaison officer on the matter of the


                letters , who inturn referred me to CIA Public Relations              ( PR ) .   CIA PR requested
                                                                                                       ~
                 I provide them with copies of the letters ,          which I did ,   wherein they eventully


    - ..' ..'
                         explaining that the letters 1:       e fraudulent .
wrote to Mr. Bar

                                                                       personnel ,
     NOTE :    During the period that I discussed the letters with CIA


     and some people in the UFO community ,            I had developed some suspicions ,


     which I discussed with both groups ,            that ;

                                                                         sent to
              1)    Barry possible wrote the letters himself or had them


              him by someone else .     ( His story had some inconsistencies ) or ,

                                                                                the
              2)    Todd Zechel had some involvement because he claimed to know


              signer of the letter that Barry recieved ,        which later on proved to


              be a non - existent entity , and he seemed ,     through secondhand infor

                                                                   the letters and
              mation , to know too many answers to questions about

          > the CIA .


     Barry tended to clear himself ,         in my mind , when I was notified by Mr.


     Stringfield ,       on Friday , 25 August ,     that Mr. Barry had told him of the


      third letter ,      (actual CIA letter ) .     This left me with my suspicions of


     Zechel .

                                                                         We talked for
Sunday , 27 August        Zechel Called me at approximately 2000 .


nearly one hour .        He first wanted to clear up the matter of his working for

                                                                       He said he had been
 NSA , a claim he has made publicly in several interviews .

                                                      checked on his (Zechel )
 talking to Richard Hall and that Hall had said I had

                                                                                  in
 employment at NSA .       I explained to him that that was not the case but that

                                                     aboard , (D4) , his name
 the process of letting the proper people know I was
                                     1
                                                     information from NSA and
 came up in relation to someone else requesting that

 that the fact was that NSA records did not reflect that he had every worked

                                                                                 He had been ,
 for them .        He explained what his former association with NSA was .

 from 1963 to 1966 ,       in ASA and at one time had been a shift supervisor at a


 crit- a- com relay in Korea .       ( ASA 177th )    The discussion turned to general

                                                          and NSAs role ,             ie .
 UFO topics and some general conversation concerning CIAs


 they both provide a service and/or a product to many government agencies .


                                                2
    Then Mr. Zechel     ked me if it would be possible for me to do some looking

    around at NSA for UFO related information .                 He further explained that he did

    not mean covert looking but openly checking on what ever I could .                 I told him

    my standard answer ,      that the only thing I could do was to watch for information

    and to note its declassification date ,            then ,    if it was or would be declassified ,


    I would either request the information myself or queue someone on the outside

    to request the information from the originator .                 He brought up the fact that

    " some things could be declassified simply by asking" , suggesting that one can

    not ask for something that they did not know of its existence .                 I told him


    that in that case I would have to work that problem strickly from the inside

    untill such documents or information was declassified .                 I went on to explain

    to him that I work in                 which term he understood ,        and that I would have

    very little opportunity ,        if any ,   to ever find out if any such information

    existed .   Further that in my experience with                        that in general I had


    seen very little information of interest to the UFO community and that when

    I had it was not in an official UFO context .                 He then explained that he under

    stood that there was certain infromation that he , nor andone else in the


    civilian community , would ever see because of methods and/or sources , but ,

    for example he knew that the National Command Center had sent UFO information

1
    to NSA as part of an address group .


         All in all he was requesting me to watch out for UFO related information


    within NSA ,   which I tend to do on my own , but he was requesting that I pass

    on what I could .    I,    all   in all ,   left him with the understanding that I was .

    very limited in what I could do .            I have ,   to some degree , checked on Mr.

    Zechels '   character with some people who have worked with him more closely .

    There is some thought that he would be capable of being behind the CIA letter

    fraud and that he    is apt to go to most any length to collect information or

    to bend facts to fit his needs .


                                                                                    PL 86-36 / 50 USC 3605
                                                       3
      I personall     have some fear that now that h        as made contact with me ,


he may ,    either privately ,   or worse , publicly attempt to make it look as     if I

am an inside contact with NSA for him .       Or ,   on the other hand ,   he may elude

to having such a contact for years ,       then when he feels it appropriate or when

cornered ,    hope to produce me as that contact .

      I really do not know the man but I am fully confident that I can handle

him in this situation .      I have talked with him in a frank , clear manner


that should have conveyed to him my position and I feel ,          without specific

examples of his being dishonest ,       I should give him a chance of building a

productive working relationship .       As for his request for information ,      from

what I know of the man I expected him to make such a forward approach
                                                                      upon

meeting ,    though I did not anticipate him looking me up .       I guess I should have

expected that too .


     Any further contact or requests for information will be reported .


Todd ZECHEL


                                          !


                                                                       PL 86-36 / 50 USC 3605
                                                                              Clean
                                                                                      Copey


   MEMORANDUM for the Record                               29 August , 1978


                                                                                              2
   From :
                                                      PL    86-36 / 50   USC    3605
   To :       D4


   Subj :     Information request solicitation


            The enclosed chronology was drafted . for the S group security officer

   and is forwarded for information .


Approved for Release by NSA on 09-12-2017 pursuant to E.O. 13526         MDR Case 100643
                                                                                                       ...


            1            The followi           is reported for the record :    ackground information is

                provided to maintain perspective .

                                         1978      Checked                               PL    86-36 / 50         USC   3605
                Monday ,     10 July ,


                Friday , 21 July         I explained my association with UFOS to my supervisors and

                contacted                         (former S1 staff) who inturn arranged an appointment with

                                     of D4 .


                Monday , 24 July         Discussed UFO status with D4 concluding that I understand


                    my position ,   and that NSA prefers that I keep an extremely low profile .

                Wenesday , 26 July             Had a security brief by M5 where I explained my position

                    on UFO matters and related that I had checked with D4 on this and that I had


                    an understanding of my position relating UFOs ,           NSA and me .     Discussed UFOs


                    at length .


                         NOTE :     Upon checking into a command I do not generally surface this

                         problem till I am settled            in but in this case I was due to attend a UFO


                         Symposium in Dayton , Ohio on the 29th and 30th of July and thought it

!                        proper to notify NSA because of the remote possibility of the symposium

    1
                         getting some national media coverage and the possibility that my name

                         or photograph might be associated with such coverage .

        1
                    Saturday and Sunday ,        29-30 July    Attended the Mutual UFO Network 1978 UFO

                    Symposium , Dayton , Ohio .       On saturday a program was presented by a Mr.


                    Stringfield and as an adjunct he introduced a Mr. Robert Barry .                 Barry discussed ,

                    and showed publicly , two letters he allegedly recieved from the CIA .                   My
                1

                    immediate opinion was that the letters were fraudulent .              Sunday I was intro

                    duced to Mr. Stringfield and requested copies of the letters .                  I explained

                    that I felt that the letters were frauds and that I thought I could possibly

                I
                have them checked out .


                    Thursday ,    3 August      Contacted NSA - CIA liaison officer on the matter of the


                letters , who inturn referred me to CIA Public Relations                 ( PR ) .   CIA PR requested
                                                                                                          -
                    I provide them with copies of the letters ,          which I did ,   wherein they eventully
                          explaining that the letters 1:       e fraudulent .
wrote to Mr. Bar

                                                                                 ,
     NOTE :    During the period that I discussed the letters with CIA personnel

     and some people in the UFO community ,            I had developed some suspicions ,


     which I discussed with both groups ,            that ;

                                                                              to
              1)    Barry possible wrote the letters himself or had them sent


              him by someone else .      ( His story had some inconsistencies ) or ,


              2)     Todd Zechel had some involvement because he claimed to know the


              signer of the letter that Barry recieved ,         which later on proved to


              be a non - existent entity ,   and he seemed ,    through secondhand infor

                                                                               and
              mation , to know too many answers to questions about the letters

              the CIA .


     Barry tended to clear himself ,          in my mind ,    when I was notified by Mr.


      Stringfield ,       on Friday , 25 August ,    that Mr. Barry had told him of the


      third letter ,       (actual CIA letter) .     This left me with my suspicions of


      Zechel .


Sunday , 27 August         Zechel Called me at approximately 2000.        We talked for


nearly one hour .         He first wanted to clear up the matter of his working for

                                                         .              He said he had been
NSA , a claim he has made publicly in several interviews

                                                                 his (Zechel )
 talking to Richard Hall and that Hall had said I had checked on

 employment at NSA .        I explained to him that that was not the case. but that in

                                                              ( D4) , his name
 the process of letting the proper people know I was aboard ,
                                     1
                                                     information from NSA and
 came up in relation to someone else requesting that

 that the fact was that NSA records did not reflect that he had every worked

 for them .        He explained what his former association with NSA was .       He had been ,


 from 1963 to 1966 ,       in ASA and at one time had been a shift supervisor at a


 crit -a- com relay in Korea .        (ASA 177th )    The discussion turned to general

                                                              NSAs role ,              ie .
 UFO topics and some general conversation concerning CIAS and


 they both provide a service and /or a product to many government agencies .


                                                2
    Then Mr. Zecheled me if it would be possible for me to do some looking

    around at NSA for UFO related information .            He further explained that he did


    not mean covert looking but openly checking on what ever I could .            I told him


    my standard answer ,   that the only thing I could do was to watch for information

    and to note its declassification date ,       then ,    if it was or would be declassified ,


    I would either request the information myself or queue someone on the outside

    to request the information from the originator .            He brought up the fact that


    " some things could be declassified simply by asking" , suggesting that one can


!   not ask for something that they did not know of its existence .            I told him


    that in that case I would have to work that problem strickly from the inside

    untill such documents or information was declassified .            I went on to explain

    to him that I work in            which term he understood ,        and that I would have


    very little opportunity ,   if any ,   to ever find out if any such information

    existed .   Further that in my experience with                   that in general I had


    seen very little information of interest to the UFO community and that when

    I had it was not in an official UFO context .            He then explained that he under

    stood that there was certain infromation that he ,           nor andone else in the


    civilian community , would ever see because of methods and/or sources , but ,

    for example he knew that the National Command Center had sent UFO information

    to NSA as part of an address group .


         All in all he was requesting me to watch out for UFO related information

    within NSA , which I tend to do on my own , but he was requesting that I pass


    on what I could .   I , all in all , left him with the understanding that I was

    very limited in what I could do .       I have ,   to some degree , ohecked on Mr.

    Zechels ' character with some people who have worked with him more closely .


    There is some thought that he would be capable of being behind the CIA letter

    fraud and that he is apt to go to most any length to collect information or

    to bend facts   to fit his needs .


                                                  3                            PL 86-36 / 50 USC 3605
      I personall     have some fear that now that h        as made contact with me ,


he may ,    either privately ,   or worse , publicly attempt to make it look as if I

am an inside contact with NSA for him .       Or ,   on the other hand ,   he may elude

to having such a contact for years ,       then when he feels it appropriate or when

cornered , hope to produce me as that contact .

      I really do not know the man but I am fully confident that I can handle

him in this situation .      I have talked with him in a frank , clear manner


that should have conveyed to him my position and I feel ,          without specific

examples of his being dishonest ,       I should give him a chance of building a

productive working relationship .       As for his request for information , from

what I know of the man I expected him to make such a forward approach upon


meeting ,    though I did not anticipate him looking me up .       I guess I should have

expected that too .


     Any further contact or requests for information will be reported .


Todd ZECHEL


                                          !


                                                                       PL 86-36 / 50 USC 3605
