{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T05:35:03Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1125784, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/u-429-09-dwo-im-pdf.pdf", "source_sha256": "46c86ebccc91042557b6f7644dbf0465772433cfbf7770365352446d83fa952e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 322, "chars": 2410, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
INFO MEMO
U-429-09/(6)(3): 10 USC 424
FOR: (243:10 USC DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
FROM: (b)(3): 10 USC 424; (b)(6)
30 October 2009
Defense Intelligence Agency
SUBJECT: (U) Review of Advanced Aerospace Contract Deliverables
(U) This info memo responds to your request for the (b)(3): 10 USC 424
(b)(3): 10 USC 424 /to review the quality and value of the first-year technical reports delivered
under the Advanced Aerospace Weapon System Applications contract with
Bigelow Aerospace Advanced Space Studies (BAASS), LLC. As a reminder, you
(b)(3):10
USC 424
made this request to
personnel during a 15 May 2009 meeting with you
after your meeting with Senator Harry Reid. The goal of the contract is to identify
key technologies and physics concepts that would support revolutionary aerospace
vehicle research and development. Contracted studies were designed to provide a
prioritized list of technologies/concepts that then would drive detailed, focused
searches into foreign aerospace research and development. Each research report
(in the areas of lift, propulsion, control, power generation, spatial/temporal
translation, materials, structural configuration, signature reduction, human
interface, human effects, and armament) was written by world-class technical
experts in industry and/or academia.
(U) The table in Enclosure 1 lists the 26 extensive technical reports delivered to
DIA in FY 2009. The report titles highlighted in red and green are the ones that
were reviewed. Eight reviews were performed by other authors listed in the table;
(b)(3): 10 USC 424
five were performed by outside reviewers. including three research staff members
at Sandia National Laboratories. The L
-program manager, (b)(3):10 USC 424;(b)(6)
((b)(3): 10 USC 424;(b)(6) has reviewed all of the papers and concurs with the reviews. As the
excerpts indicate, all of the reviews were positive, some exceptionally so. Even
within the limitation of being able to conduct only unclassified research in the first (b)(3): 10 USC 424
contract year, the quality hoped for in the reports was achieved.
intends to
publish them in coming weeks as Defense Intelligence Studies. Some or all of
these studies may be of interest to Defense Department agencies, national
laboratories, and/or defense industries focused on blue-force capability
development, and
will ensure that they receive copies.
(b)(3):10 USC 424
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 63, "chars": 491, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
(U) Based on draft budget guidance, Congress apparently will fund the contract's
option ycar one at $12 million. In FY 2010, will usc the 26 FY 2009
vohival re pere in ten mAS evaluate pedenial adversary exportation
BAASS, and have BAASS conduct new classified and unclassified studies with
select academic and industry partners. Deliverables are expected in late summer
2010.
2 enclosures as stated
(U) Prepared by:
|(b)(3):10 USC 424;(b) (b)(6)
(b)(3):10 USC
424
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 117, "chars": 1052, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
(U) FY 2009 Technical Reports
UNCLASSIFIED
Title
Inertial Electrostatic Confinement Fusion
Pulse-Power-Based Weaponry
Space-Time Modifications for Spaceflight Applications
Novel MEMS-Based Biosensors
Theory and Experiments of Invisibility Cloaking
Wormholes in Space Time
Gravity Wave Communication
Superconductors in Gravity Research
Antigravity for Acrospace Applications
Field Effects on Biological Tissues
Positron Aerospace Propulsion
Vacuum Energy Applications
Improved Statistical Approach to Drake Equation
Maverick vs. Corporate Research Cultures
Biosensors and BioMEMS
Metamaterials for Aerospace Applications
Warp Drives
Controlling Devices Without Limb-Operated Interfaces
Materials lor Advanced Acrospace Platlorms
Metallic Glasses
Programmable Matter
Metallic Spintronics
High-Energy Laser Weapons
Quantum Entanglement Communications
Space Access: Where Been, Where Go
Advanced Nuclear Propulsion for Deep Space
Red - Independent review.
Green - Sandia National Laboratories review.
Author
((b)(6)
Affiliation
3
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 1530, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
(U) Excerpts From Reviews
(U) All of the following review information and comments are UNCLASSIFIED.
Antigravity for Aerospace Applications in 2050
((b)(6)
(b|6) has provided an excellent overview of conventional approaches to
gravity manipulation within the confines of Newtonian, relativistic and quantum
physies. With his typical lucid style, he takes the time to add useful explanatory
notes which are especially enlightening for those for whom Relativity is not their
fürst language. In addition, his extensive technical appendix concerning such
exotica as squeezed vacuum states, zero-point fluctuations and negative energy is
of great benefit.
(b)(6)
Technological Approaches to Controlling External Devices in the Absence of
Limb Operated Interfaces
((b) (б)
The paper by (b)(6)
human thought control of robotics and machines by way of high technology neural
interfaces. The ultimate aim of such research is to allow an individual to control
the function of a prosthetic or robot as an extension of his own body and mind or
to exercise thought-based control over a mechanized environment. We find from
106)
current review that the siate of the art is still quite far away from
achieving such control but strong efforts are being made on a number of
approaches:
((b)(6)
On The Role of Superconductors in Gravity Research
(b)(6)
Because of the author's involvement and activity in the field, it seems natural that
he chose to write on this subject, and he is able to demonstrate not only a solid
4
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 334, "chars": 2318, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
understanding of the research area, but is also able to provide his personal
accounts of meetings with the prominent researchers. In addition, he describes his
own experimental results, or lack thereof. Because of his own personal attachment
to the field, I found the report to be somewhat captivating, as I felt a strong sense
of being close to the research and hearing from the horse's mouth,' so to speak.
Despite his involvement, Hathaway's point of view seems to be that of an impartial
observer and he does not appear to take sides, or seem to be trying to promote or
'sell' the research field. He does an excellent job of relaying a candid and
informative survey of what, to me, seems to be a tantalizing yet controversial field
of study.
((b)(6)
Metallic Glasses: Status and Prospects for Aerospace Applications
(b)(6)
This is an excellent and highly readable Survey report that defines Metallic
glasses, the advantages and disadvantages to other composite materials, and how
their mechanical properties are both alike and different from those of pure metals.
These properties include strength, stiffness, and toughness. The author makes a
case that the processing capability meets and sometimes exceeds those of
thermoplastic polymers, and traditional metals. Glass hybrid composites are found
in excel in almost all cases to current materials in widespread use.
((b)(6)
Theory and Experiments of Invisibility Cloaking
((b)(6)
The report by (b)(6)
describes the background and recent advances in the
field of invisibinty cloaking. This field recently emerged as one of the most
exciting applications of metamaterials - artificially structured media possessing
unusual refractive properties. (b)(6)
...is a pioneer in this field, having
published one of the first theoretical papers describing the possibility of cloaking.
This topic still evokes misunderstandings and confusion. That is not surprising:
the concept of invisibility (although not its technical implementation) has been
preoccupying people for centuries if not millennia. (b)6)
Jreport does an
excellent job of clearing some of this confusion and providing clear definitions of
what constitutes true cloaking/invisibility. It also honestly discusses technological
challenges to making a practical invisibiliry cloak.
5
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 223, "chars": 1687, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
(0)(6)
Positron Aerospace Propulsion
(b)(6)
This stalus paper is very exciting and provides new important information about
the present status and prospects for positron energy production and storage,
especially for space applications. It is recommended reading for both researchers
in the area and aerospace scientists. In addition, others interested in national
policy for both future energy and future space exploration should consider this
status paper to gain further insight into positron energy and propulsion.
(b)(6)
Metamaterials for Aerospace Applications: Energy Harvesting, Sub-
Wavelength Imaging, Optical-Device Miniaturization, and Non-Reciprocal
Optical Devices
(b) (6)
Metamaterials are "materials beyond materials" with unusual electromagnetic or
optical properties. The report by (b) 6)
describes several possibilities
how such materials can be used for advanced aerospace applications. As
examples, he often uses his own experiments. [(b)(6)
leaders in the field of metamaterials and has built up a highly credible reputation
in this area. Although the research area of metamaterials is still rather new and
mostly confined to proof-of-principle academic research at present, it will
undoubtedly revolutionize photonics and lead to commercial applications that are
((b)(6)
Biosensors and BioMEMS: A Survey of the Present Field
(b)(6)
This paper reaches toward and achieves a laudable goal: making BioMEMS
understandable and relevant. The author's contribution is important, because the
number of current programs and projects in the US Government that are either
touting the importance of, or making responses to research requests in 2009
6
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 292, "chars": 1971, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
numbers in the thousands. As many recent US Academy of Sciences and other
scholarly studies have shown, few persons in the decision-making areas of the
government have sufficient background in BioM EMS from which to make
intelligent decisions. As key customers of this study, the sponsors are well-served
with (b)(6)
_survey. Throughout the Survey, the aurhor often introduces
ancillary technologies that will enable further BioMEMS development, solve
problems, or lead to alternative technologies. The survey is made more useful to
the reader and the sponsor because of this.
(b)(6)
Metallic Spintronies
((b)(6)
((b)(6)
paper is concerned with an emerging technology known as
spintronies ("spin-based electronics"). In this technology information is carried
by moving or altering the spin of electrons, rather than by moving the charged
particles themselves. (b)(6)
has at least a dozen publications in the field of study in top-tier
journals, and has won NSF grants to pursue the topic. As a result one must regard
him as an expert in the subject and lake his opinions seriously. In addition, the
paper cites 97 references, which is quite a lot for a 10,000 word paper. Clearly,
Tsoi is giving an overview of the entire field rather than just supplying an
incremental addition to it.
| (b) (6)
Materials for Advanced Aerospace Platforms
(b)(6)
The position L
Stakes at the first instant is that previous design
methodologies have largely failed, because of a lack of appreciation of material
property life cycles, which are clearly now known to be very different. If one is to
examine, for example, in an attempt to reverse engineer materials and components
possibly of interest, one might want to approach the "reverse" paradigm from first
principles of materials in contexts of observed performance. (b(6) Jat the
beginning of the study subrly suggests that observed performance...or even
claimed performance…may be a better starting point.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 177, "chars": 1305, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
The author elegantly describes how this "commonly encountered inconsistency
herween technical innovation and commercial progress" has become (in the West)
a current deterrent to the development and the deployment (adoption) of "literally
all classes... of polymers, metals, and ceramics. "
((b)(6)
Metallic Glasses: Status and Prospects for Aerospace Applications
(b)(6)
I found it to be a clear and even-handed evaluation of the pros and cons of bulk
metallic glasses (BMG) and composites employing them. The author clearly points
out possible advantages in processing while he equally clearly points out the
difficulties associated with inherent unstable shear hand formation and
consequent lack of general ductility.
(b)(6)
Theory and Experiments of Invisibility Cloaking
(b) (6)
Overall, this is a nice qualitative description of the rapidly moving field of
invisibility and cloaking and can serve as a good starting point for someone
interested in diving into the details of this new rechnology.
(b)(6)
State-of-the-Art & Evolution of High Energy Laser Weapons
(b)(6)
The technical discussions and history review are generally correct to the extent
they address the topics and this paper is a good general introduction for those
unfamiliar with high energy lasers.
(b)(б)
8
UNCLASSIFIED
