{"created_utc": "2026-08-15T20:27:46Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7573791, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/u-s-army-releases-agreement-with-to-the-stars-academy-of-arts-science-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "771319193b0c7a638c9ad81c6acf6489b2cbfe3118a0c7a566176988a7131c7b"}

Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
 --                                  DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY
                         Os ARMy COMBAT CAPA8!LIT'~S . DEVEi.oPMl;tir COrM!!'oND
                              .     GROUND V!,;j.flCLESYSTE!VIS. CENTE~
                                           65D1 E.11 MIL.E ROAD
                                          WARREN. !\Ill 4S397~SOOG


        COOPERATIVE RESEARCH AND O,EVELoPMENT AGREEMENT
                                BETWEEN
           TO THE STARS. ACADEMY OF ARTS .AND.SCIENCE, iNC.
                                  AND·
      THE U.S. ARMY COM,B AT CAPABILlTIE~ DEVELOPMENT COMMAND
                   GROUN.D VEHICLESYST~MS CENTER

GRADA TITLE:  NOVEL & EMERGING rECH~OLOGY EXPLQITATION (NETE)
CRADA NUMBER: 19-15

                                   'CRADA ADMINISTRATORS:

                                          GOVERNMENT
PRINCIPAL INVESTIGATQR:
     Ben Soave
     Ground ·Vehicle·:Survivability a:n d 'Protectior) (GVSP)
     Maifing i1lddr~~s:                       .   ..

           . ccoe Ground Vehicl~ Systems Cen~er
             6501, E. 1.1 NIUe Road, MS 263b .
             Warren, MI 48397-5000


      Dr. Joseph C.annQi'l
      GroundVehiele 'Suryiva'bility ;md Pi"ote~tion ' (GVSp)
      Mailing address:
                     .        ..
              CeDC Ground Vehicle Systems Center
             . 6501 ,E . .1'1 Mile Road, M,S 263b
              Warren, MI 48397-50.~0 ,:


OFFICE OF RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY APPLl.CATIONS'.("ORTA"):
     Andr~a Simon                  :
     Office' of Research & Technology AppUcatio'n
     Mailing addres!,;; .      .,

            ,ceDC Ground Vehicle Systems Center
             6501 E. 11 Mile Road,MS 221
             Warren, MI 48397-5000 ' "
LEGAL CQUNSEL:
    'Christina Dell!lore
     Chief, Intellectual Property' Law
     DivisiQn Mailing address:
               US ArmyTACOM LCMC
               6501 East 'Eleven Mile.Road, AMSTA-LP I MS 281
               Warren, Michigan 48397 -5000


                                      COU:.ABORATOR

PRINCIPAL INVESTIGATOR:
     Luis Eliz'pndo
     Directorof Global Securityand Special Programs .
     Mailing address:
               315 South Coast Hwy 101·
               Ste. U-38
               Encinitas, CA 92024. .


PREFERRED CONTACT:
    Luis Elizondo
    Director of Global Security and Special pro'g rams
    Mai.ling address: .
              315 South Coast Hwy 101
              Ste. U-38
              En~initas, CA 92024


LEGAL COUNSEL:
    Heidy Vaquerano, Esq.
    Wolf, Rifl<in, .Shapiro"Schulman & Rabkin, LLP.
    Mailing addr.e ss:
               11400 W. Olympic Boulevard, 9'" Floor
               Los Angeles,.CA 90064
                                            "


                                                ,
   GRAD'A #19-15 BETWEEN TO THE STARS ACADFi,.y OF AR.TS AND 'SCIENCE, INC. AND ceDe GROUND VEH1CLE
                                          'SYrEp~;~CiNTER

                                                i
                                                I
                                             TABLE OF CONTENTS


Article 1. Preamble ............ , .......... . ...... ..... ........................ .. ........ ....... 4

Article 2. Definitions ... '" ., ........ ... .................... ... .... ...... ... ................ 4

Article 3. Objective(s) .. ....... ..... ......... .. ............ ......... ... ..................... 7

Article 4. General Provisions....... ... ... .............. ... ... ... ....... .... .. ........... 7

Article 5. Intellectual Property ........................... ....... ......................... 12

Article 6. Liability ...... ................ .. ..... , ............... ......................... ....... 17

Article? Financial Obligations. .. ......... .. . ......... ... ... ....... .. ... ............ ... 18


Secti.on II. JointWorl< Plan .. ....... ....... ........ . , .............................. ... .... 20

Section III. Signatures ... .... .. .. .... .......... .... ....... ,................... ...... ...... .. 26


    ·CRAOA # 19·15 BETWEEN TO THE STARS ACADEMY OF ARTS AND SCIENCE, INC. AND ecoc GROUND VEHICLE'
                                           SYSTEMS' CENTER
                                                           Pago'
                                 ARTICLE 1 - PREAMBLE

Under authority of the U.S. Federal Technology Transfer Act of 1986 (Public Law 99.-502,
October 20, 1986, as amended, and codified at 1-5 Untted States Code (U . S . C ~) § 3710';),
Fede,al G·overnment Technical Activity, U.S. Army Combat Capabilities Development
Command (CCDC) Ground Vehicle Systems Center ("Government") located at 6501
East 11 Mile Road, Warten, MiChigan, and Non-Federal Government Collaborator, To
The Stars Academy Of Arts and Science, Inc. ("Collaborato"'), a public beneftt
corporation, incorporated in the State of California and having a principal place of
business at 315 South Coast Hwy101, Ste. U-38, EnCinitas,CA 9202<1, (Government
and CollabOrator hereinafter referred to as "Party" or "Parties") enter into this
Cooperative Research and Development Agreement ("CRADA") that will be binding upon
eaCh olthe PartieS according to the terms and conditions and tor the duration set forth
below.

NOW, THEREFORE, each of the Parties hereby agrees to the following:

                                ARTICLE 2        DEFINITIONS

       2.1 "Background TechnOlogy" is any Classified information , Controlled
Unclassified information , Proprietary Information and any other Intellectual Property
owned by or licensed to and brought to this CRADA by either Party. Examples of
Background Technology include Technical Data i Invention Disclosures, Patent
Applications, patents, Computer Databases, Computer Software Documentation,
COmputer Software, and trade secrets that are piiVilegeq or confidential under the
meaning of section 552(b)(4) of Title 5, Freedom of Information Act

       2.2 "Classified" means all information claSSified in accordance with the national
security laws of the U.S.

      2.3 "Computer Database" means a collection of information recorded in a form
capable of being processed by a computer. The term does not include Computer
Software.

        2.4 "Computer Program" means a set of instructions, niles, or routines recorded
in a form that is capable of causing a computer to perform a specific operation Or series
of operations.

        2.5 "Computer Software" means Computer Programs, source code, sOurce code
listings, object code listings. design details, aigorlthms, processes, 1I0w charts, formulae
and related material that would enable the software to be reproduced,. recreated, or
recompiled. Computer Software does not include Computer Databases or Computer
Software Documentation.

     2;6 "Comput~r Software Documentation N means owner's manuals, user's
manuals, installation instructions, operating instructions, and other similar items,

   CRAOA .# 19"15 BETWEEN TO-1l1E ,STARS ACADEMY OF A~ AND .SCIENCE, INC"AND CCDC GROUND VEHICLE
                                         SYSTEMS CENTER
                                              Page 4
regardless of stor.. ge medium, that -expl .. in the c..p.. bilities of the Computer Softw.. re or
provide instructions for usin~ the softw.. re_

       2.7 "Controlled Unclassified" me .. ns unClassified inform ..tion exempt from public
disclosure .. ccording to DoD Directive 5230.25 and DoD Directive 5400.7 or th ..tissubject
to exportcohtrois .. ccording to Title 22, C.F.R. , parts 120-130, Internation.. 1 Tr..ffic in
Arms Regul ..tions(iTAR), or 15 C.F.R. 730 et seq. , Export Administration Regulations
(EAR).

        2.8 "Copyrighf' means a fotm of protection provided by the I..ws of the united
States for "original works of authorship," including literary, dmmatic, musical,
..,chitectural, cartogr"phic, choreographic, p.. ntotnimic, pictori .. l, graphic, sculptuml, .. nd
audiovisual creations.                                                                      .

        2.9 "Created" when used in rel ..tion to any copyrightable Work me ..ns the Work is
fixed in any tangible medium df expression lor the first lime.

         2.10 "CRADA Invention"means .. ny Invention conceived or first .. ctually reduced
to. pr..ctice under this CRADA.

         2.11 "CRADA Work" me.. ns .. Work. Cre ..ted in performance of this CRADA.

      .2.12 "CRADA Technical Data" means Technical Dat.. Cre ..ted in performance of
this CRADA.

       2.13 "Foreign Person" me.. ns ..ny n..tuml person who is not .. lawful perm ..nent
resident ..s defined by 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(20) or who is not a protected individual ..5
defined by 8 U.s.C. § 1324b(..)(3) .

     2.14 "Government Purpose" means .. ny activity in which the United States
Government is aparty but does not include use for commerei ..1 purposes.

       2.15 "Government" refers to the Government of the United States of America or
to any .. gency or other corn"onent of the United States federal government.

      2',16 "Intellectual Property" in general terms, intellectual property is any product
of the human intellect that the law protects from \jnauthori~ed use by others. The
ownership of intellectual property inherently creates a limited monopoly in the protected
property.

         2.17 "Invention" means any Invention or discovery which is or may be patentable
Cir otherwise protected under Title 35 of the United St..tes Code (U.S.C.) or any novel
v.. riety of plant which is or m..y be patentable under the. Plant Variety Proteclioh Act (1
U.S.C. § 2321 et seq.).


   CRADA tf. '19-15 BElWEEN -TOTHE STARS ACADEMYDF ARTS AND SCIENCE"INC. AND CCDCGRQUND VEHICl.E
                                          SYSTEMS'CENTER        '      '
                                               Pago 5
      2.18 "Joint Work Plan" means a proposal describing the purpose and scope of
the proposed CRADA that defines rights and responsibilities among the Parties.

         2.19 "Made" when used in conjunction with any Invention, means the conception
or first actual reduction to practice of such invention.

        2.20 "ORTA" means the Office of Research and Technology Applications as
established in accordance with 15 U.S.C. §§ 3710(b) and (c) to develop, manage and
execute Government's technology transfer goals and programs. The term may be used
to refer to "the office, the person managing that office, or both.

      2.21 "Principallnvastlgator" (PI) is the person assigned by·each Party to manage
and administer the spacific CRADA technical matters and day-to-day performance of the
CRADA.

      2.22 "Proprietary Information" means information owned by the Collaborator that
embodies trade.secrets created priorlo or independently of this CRADA (I.e., not created
in petfotmance of this CRADA), or that is business Or financial information that is
privileged or business confidential under the Freedom of Information Act,. 5 U.S.C. §
552(b)(4), providing that such information:

      a) Is not generally known or available from other sources without obligations
         concerning their confidentiality; or
      b) Has not been made available by the owners to others without obligation
         concerning its confidentiality; or
      c) Is not already available. to the Government without obligation concerning its
         .confidentiality.
      2.23 "Technical Data" means recorded information. regardless of the form or
method of the recording,of a SCientific .or technical nature. (including Computer Softw"re
Documentation). The term does no! include Computer Software or data incidental to
contract administration , such as financial andlor management information.

      2.24 "Work" or "Works" means anything fixed in tangible form,. e.g., technical
data.and computer software •


   .GRAOA # 19-15 BElWEEN TO TliE ~TARS ACADEMY OF A~TS AND SCIENCE; INC, AND eeoc GROUND VEHICLE
                                           SYSTEMS CENTER
                                                p .....
                                 ARTICLE 3 - OBJECTIVE(S)

To the St~rs Academy of Arts and Scjence' is a company with materiel and technology
innovations that offer capability advancements for Army ground vehicles, These
technology innovations have been acquired, designed or produCed by the Collaborator,
leveraging advancements in metamaterials and quanllJm physics to push performance
gains, The Collaborator will share their discoveries with CGDC Grbund Vehicle Systems
Gente, Ground VehicieSuryivability and Protection (GVSP), who will use Government
laboratories and resOurces to characterize the technologies and find applications on
ground vehicles.

                           ARTICLE 4 - GENERAL PROVISIONS

        4.1 Governing Law. The laws applicaple to the Government of the United States
of America,.as interpreted and applied in the federal courts of the U.S., are to govern the
proCedural and substantive consbuction , validity, performance, and effect of this CRADA
for all purposes.

       4.2 Duration of CRADA, This GRADA will automatically expire sixty (60) months
from the Effective Date of this CRADA, unless modified per Article 4,6.     '

       4.3 Effective Date. This CRADA enters into force as of the date it is signed by the
last authorized representative Of the Parties.

       4.4 Signature EXQCution. This GRADA and any other Modifications thereto can
be executed in one or more counterparts by the signature of a person having authority to
bind ihat Party and that Party's signature is required to be an original or digital signature,
each of which when executed and ,delivered, by mail,. or email delivery, will be an original,
and all olthe counterparts will constitute but one and the same CRADA.

        4.5 Assignment. Neither Party to this GRADAcan assign its rights and obligations
in this CRADA without approval from the other Party.

       4.6 Modifications and Terminations.

       4,6.1 Modifications.

     4.6.1.1 Outside the Scope. Any change outside th e scope of the executed
GF\ADA must be made by a Modification.

        4.6.1.2 Approved Levels. The parties will confer in good farth to determine the
desirability of a Modification to include amendments. A Modification shall not be effective
until a written Modification is signed. Modifications within the scope of the CRADA may
be Signed by both executing officials of this CRADA or their.successors. Modffications to
this GRADA wbuld incluQe 'any changes to the CRADA, such as expanding the scope or
duraiionof the CRADA, and must be approved at the same Signature level as the original

   CRADA# 19~1 5 BETWEEN TO THE: STARS ACADEMY OF ARTS A ND SCIENCE, INC. AND ceoc GRO!JND VEjil CLe
                                          SY~TEMS CENTER'              '
                                                Page 7
CRADA, Each Modification will be attached as a counterpart to this CRADA, a copy of
which will be forwarded to the OR1A within thirty (30) days after each MOdification is
signed by all Parties,

      4,6.2 Terminations.

       4,6.2.1 Termination by Mutual Consent. The Parties may elect to terminate this
CRADA at any time by mutual consent. Such Termination will not be effective until all
Parties approve a written Termination,

       4,6.2.2 Unilateral Termination, A Party may unilaterally terminate this entire
CRADA at any,time by giving the other Party written Notice Signed at the same signature
level as the original CRADA, not less than thirty (30) days prior to the desired Termination
date, If a Party unilaterally terminates this CRADA, any option for an Exclusive License
toa CRADA Invention and any Exclusive License to a CRADA Invention granted by or
pursuant to this CRADA will simultaneously b,e terminated, unless the Parties mutually
agree otherwise in writing.

        4,6.2.3 Rights and Obligations, Termination of this CRADA will not affect the
rights and obligations of the Parties accrued. prior to the Effective Date of the Termination
of this CRADA

       4,6.2.4 No New Commitments. The G,oyemment will make no new commitments
concerning this CRADA after receipt of a written Termination Notice from the Collaborator
in accordance with Article 4,7 and will, to the extent practicable, cancel all outstanding
commitments by the Termination, date, Should such cancellation result in any costs
Incurred by Government, Collaborator agrees that such costs will be chargeable against
any funding that it provided to the Government.

       4,7 Notices.

       4.7.1 Routine Notices. All Notices pertaining to or required by this CRADA,
including Modifications, Disputes or Terminations, and those pertaining solely i o any
Copyright, Invention, or any PatentApplication, shall ,be in writing and will be signed by
the Govl'lrnrnent (Ben SoaVe or Dr. Joseph Cannon) or the preferred contact for
ColI"borator (Luis Elizondo), and all such Notices will be addressed tothose names found
on the first two pages,

       4.7.2 Delivery of Notices, All Notices will be delivered in a manner that ensures
confirmation of receipt Each Party will notify the other Party of a change of an address
in the manner set forth above,

       4.7.3 Special Notices, Notices pertaining solely lathe prosecution clany jointly
owned Patent Application, Copyright or Invention under this CRADA will be in writing and
will be signed and sent to the other Party's Intellectual Property attorney, The


   CfW)A " t9-15:BE'M'EEN TO THE STARS A~~~~~:~:~~r~ SCI.cNCE; INC. A/'J,D eeoc Gf~OU ND VEHICLE
                                         .    Page 'S
Govemment's Intellectual Property attorney will send a copy of these Notices to the
ORTA. Notices will be sent to the paints of contact speciiied the first two pages.

      4.8 Security Obligations and Export Control

       4.8.1 Host Facility. Each Party will abide by the safety, and security regulations
and directiVeS of the host facility in which the work in support af the CRADA is being
performed . Copies of all applicable safety and security regulations and directives should
be provided to the non-hosting Party.

       4.8.2 COmpliance with Export Control. This CRADA is subject to U.S. law and
regulations controlling the export of Technical Data, Computer Software, laboratory
prototypes and all other export controlled commodities. These laWs include, but are not
limited to, the Arms Export Control Act and Export Administration Act. All iights granted
by this CRADA are contingent upon compliance with these laws and regulations. By
granting rights in this CRADA, the U.S. Goyernment does NOT represent that export
authorization Or an export license will no! be unnecessary or that such authorization or
export license Will be granted.

        4.8.3 Classified Data. The work performed under this' CRADA may cover
Classified national security information ahdunclassified Military Critical Technology
(MCT). All persons working with Classified information must have the appropriate
security clearance and need to know. Any exchange of Classified information with
industry will comply with the National Industrial Security Progra!l1. Procedures for
Government Activities Relating to Foreign Ownership, Control, or Influence (FOCI), April
17, 2014, DoD 5200.22-M, and the DD FORM 254, DoD Contract Security Classification
Spe. c~ication, provided as a separate removable attachment to this CRADA. If required ,
the Collaborator must also be certified by the JointCertification Program (JCP) to receive
MCT and Technical Data, as governed by DoD Directiv.e 5230.25, Withholding of
Unclassified Technical Data from Public Disclosure. This information must be controlled
in accordance with all applic"ble U.S. eXport control laws and regulations:

       4.9. Representations and Wanranties.

      4.9.1 Representations and Warranties of the Collaborator.                    COllaborator
hereby represents and warrants the following:

      4.9.1.1 Corporate Organization. TheColiaborator, as of the date of the Effective
Date of this CRADA, is a Corporation duly organized, and in good standing under the
laws of the State of California.

      4.9.1.2. Statement of Owner,;hip. Collaborator is not a foreign owned entity or a
sub$idiaryofa foreign owned entity.

      4.9.1.;3 Small Business. Collaborator is not a small business as defined by the
U,S. Small Business Administration.

   CRADA #19·15. BETWEEN TO THE STARS ACADEMY OF ARTS AND SCIENCE,INC. AND ceDC GROUND VEHICLE
                                         SYSTEMS,CEN11=R            "   ,
                                              Page S
       4.9.1.4 Suspension or Debarment The Collaborator hereby represents and
warrants that it is not suspended, proposed for debarment or debarred from eligibility for
federal procurements (i.eo, contracts, grants, cooperative agreement). The Collaborator
will timely notify (seven days or less) the Government, should this status or
Representation cnange.

      4.9;2 Representation and Warranties of Government.                     Government hereby
represents the following-

    .   4.9.2.1 No Warranty. Each Party make.s no express or implied Warranty as to
any matter whatsoever; including the conditions of the research or any Invention or
information exchanged by ·the respective Party, whether tangible or intangible, without
limitation, made or developed under this CRADA, nor does either Party make any express
or implied Warranty with regard to merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose of
the research or any Invention.

       4.9.2.2 Mission. The performance of the work under this CRADA is consistent
with the mission of the CCDC Ground Vehicle Systems Center.

        4.10 Disputes.

       4.10.1 Settlement. Any dispute ariSing under this CRADA which is not disposed
of by agreement of the parties shall be SUbmitted jointly to the signatories of this CRADA.
A joint decision of the signatories artheir designees shall be the disposition of such
dispute.

       4.10.2 Continuation of Work. Pending resolution of any Dispute or claim
pursuant to this CRADA, the Parties agree that performance of 'alL obligations will be
pursued diligently and in good fatth in accordance wtth the JOi nt Work Pla.n . However,
nothing in the section shall prevent any party from pursuing any and all agency,
administrative andlor judicial remedies that may be allowable.

        4.11 Title to Property.

        4.11.1 Title to Preexisting or Acquired Tangible Property. Each Party will
retain title to all tangible property to which it had title prior to the Effective Date of this
CRADA or to whichtt acquired or acquires title, by purchase or by fabrication, outside of
the scope of this CRADA. Consumable property to be used in the performance of this
CRADA will remain the property olthe original owning Party until c.onsumed.

       4.11.2 Title to Developed Property. All tangible property fabricated or acquired
under this CRADA with all components provided bY one Party will remain the property of
that Party. Tangible property having any component purchased or supplieli by the
Government will be the property of the U.S. Government, unleS's such tangible
Government components can be separated from .Collaborator's components without

   CRADA# , 9-15 BElWEEN TO THE STARS ACADEMY OF ARTS AN D SCIENCE, INC. AND c eDC GROUND VEHI CLE
                                       , SYSTEMs CENTER
                                               Page -to.
damage to any of the individual components comprising the tangible property. After
Tenninatio.n of this CRADA, the Parties may, by mutual consent, separate the tangible
property into its components and the separated components will remain the property of
the Party who originally acquired or fabricated the same.

       4.11.3 Tangible Property Operational and Disposition Costs.                  Unless
qtherwise agreed in writing by the Parties, each Party will be responsible for all costs of
maintenance, removal, storage, repair, disposal and shipping of all tangible property to
which it has title.

       4.11.4 DiSposal of Tangible Property. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, each
Party will take possession of ~s respective tangible property within sixty (60) days of
Tennination ofthisCRADA. Each Party will cooperate with the other Party in the recovery
or disposition of the other Party's property.

        4.11.5 Inventory Sheet. Separate inventory sheets shall be written as required
for transfer of property from one Party to the other. Government will not be responsible
for damages to any property of the Collaborator except tq theextentthat such loss, claim,
damage or liability arise from the negligence of Govemment or ~s employees, as specified
in the provisions of the FElderal Tort Claims Act.

       4.12 Publication. Each Party that seeks to publish or publicly disclose
information, including scientific articles: press releases, .or in case of publication in an
Request for Proposal pertaining to work performed under this CRADA, will submit toihe
bther Party. any proposed written publicatiOns not less than thirty (30) days prior tp
submission for publication. If the receiving Party has any objection to the publication, the
Party receiving the proposed publication will, provide a .written response within thirty (30)
days, A proposed publication that contains information marked "Proprietary" or is
COnsidered protected and marked as such,including mil~ry critical technology; classified
or COntrolled Unclassified infonnation, export controlled Or other controlled or sensitive
information, by either Party requires written consent by both Parties in' order for the
publication of theinfonnation or press release io be released. Such consent will not be
unreasonably oohheld or delayed. N<;> rights in potential Patent Applications shall be
jeopardized before the filing and publication of any Patent Application by 'any Party. By
entering into this CRADA, neither Party directly nor indirectly endorses any product.or
service provided or to be provided by the other Party. The Collaborator will not use the
Govemment's name or the. Government's Activity'S name fotany type of endorsement.

       4.13 Special Provisions.

       4.13.1 Subcontracts and Government Support COritractors/SMEs.                            The
Governm~nt may (and most likely does) use contractor subject matter experts (SMEs)
andlor covered government support contractors to participate in performanceofthe Joint
Work Plan. If!he Collaborator has·reservations aboutthe participation of a Government's
contractor SMEs or a covered support contractor, it sho.uld advise the Government, and
provide appropriate restrictive language on the face of Proprietary Information to prevent

   CRADA # 19-15 BE·l WEEtii TO THE STARS ACADEMY OF ARTS AND SCIENCE,mc. AND ceoc GROUND VEHICLE
                                         'SYSTEMS CENTER                  '
                                              Page 11
access by s.uch contractbrs. Neither Party is to use outsiders to perform work under this
CRAOA nor any tasks andlor analysis, without first identifying the proposed contractor,
and obtaining written approval 01 the Government, Collaborator and third-Party. Any
third-party Collaborator's agreement to perform a Party's performance under the CRADA
will include "flow-down" terms consistent with this CRADA.

        4.13,2 Disposal of Toxic Waste or Otl)er Waste. Each Party will be. responsible
for the handling, control, and disposition 01 any and all hazardous substances or waste in
its custody during the course of this CRADA in accordance with all applicable laws. and
regulations.

       4.13.3 Assignment of Personnel. If it is contemplated that either Party will assign
personnel to the ottier Party's facility as part of this CRADA,. such personnel assigned by
the assigning Party to participate in Or to observe the research to be performed under this
CRADA, will not, during the period of such assignments; be considered employees of the
receiving Party foratly purposes.

      al The Parties will be responsible lor the .pay, expenses and supervision of its own
         personnel.

       bl Each Party agrees to Use due care while on the other's Party's premises, to
          comply with all security, environmental safety and health rules and regulations
          during all visits, and to enteronly those areas previously designated by' those
          in charge of each visit.

       4.13.4 Ratification. If the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Acquisition, Logistics
and Tect)nologyl exercises hisfher retained authority to require modification, which must
be exercised within thirty days of this CRADA being submitted fOJ review, CollabOrator
shall have thirty (30) days from notification of any required modifications to ratify the
modifications or terminate the CRADA.

      4.13.5 Relationship of the Parties. The partias to this CRADA remain
independent contractors, They are not agents ofeach other, joint ventures or partnerS.

                        ARTICLE 5 - INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

       .5.1 Background Technology.

        5.1.1 License to Background Tech·n ology. The designaijon 01 technology as
Background Technologydoes not grant any rights in Background Technology to the
receiving party, other than the right to use or reproduce the Background TechnolOgy
provided lor the purpose of performing work under this CRADA. Nothing in this CRADA
will be. construed to otherwise alter or affect any rights 01 either Party to any technology
listed as Background TechnolOgy that exists or is modified outside this CRADA. No
license, express or implied, for commercial application(s) is granted to either Party. For


   GRADAJ~ 19·15 BEIWEENTO THE ·STARS ACADEMY of !\RTS At-ID SCIENCE, INC. AND ceDC GR-OUNO-VEHIClE
                                           SYSTEMS CENTER
                                               P~e12
commercial applicaiions of any Background Technology, a License must be obtained
from-the owner.

Marking of Background Technology. All Background Technology will be identified as
such with a marking. For example:


                    [PARTY NAMEI- BACKGROUND TECHNOLOGY
          The right to use, modify, reproduce, release , perform, display,disclose
           or dispose of inform",tion revealed herein is restricted in accordance
             with CCDC Ground Vehicle Systems Ceriter GRADA No. 19-15.

             This information will .b e protected in accordance with 15 U.S.C·S
              3710a(c)(7). Any information subject to this legend may only be
            reproduced ordisclosed if authorized under that CRADA and every
           such reproduction or disclosure must also be prominently marked with
                                           this legend.    .

           If you are not permitted to receive this information underthatCRADA,
               you must immediately return ~ to an authorized representative.

                         Fig 1. Marking of Background Technology

Marking of Proprietary Information. All Proprietary Information will be identified as
su.ch with a marking. For example:


                      [PARTY NAMEJ- PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

           The right to use, modify, reproduce, r!ilease, perform, display, disclose'
            ot dispose.of information revealed hereili is' restricted in accordance
           w~h CeDe Ground Vehicle Systems Center GRADA No. 19-15. This
                information will be protected in accordance with 15 U.S.C. §
              3710a(c)(7) . Any information subject to this legend may only be
            reproduced or disclosed if authorized under that C.R ADA and every
           such reprod~ction or disclosure must also be prominently marked with
                                         this legend,

           If you are not permitted to receive this. information under that CRADA,
               you must immediately return ~ to an authorized representative.

                          Fig 2. Marking of Proprietary Information

      .5 .2 CRADA Technical Data.


   CRADA# 19"15 BElVIIEEN TQ -TIiE STARS ACADEMY OF ARTS AND SCIENCE,. INC. AND eeoc GROUND VEHICLE
                                           SYSTEMS CENTER                     '
                                               Page 13
       5.2.1 Oral and Visual Information . Information imparted orally Of visually Will nol
be protected under this CRADA, unfess such information is subsequently reduGed to
tangible form within fifteen (15) days of djsclOsure and a copy is furnished to the Party
that received the information.

       5.2.2 CRAOA Technical Data Created by aCRADA Party. CRADA Technical
Data Created solely by one of the Party's employees during performance under this
CRADA will be owned by that Party and the other Party will have a Nonexclusive paid up,
revo""ble Licens.e in this Technical Data to use, reproduce, modify, perform, displaY,
release and disclose depending on the disclosure and releasability of the content as
allowable.    .

        5.2.3 CRADA Technical Data Jointly Created. All Technical Data that is jointly
Created during performance of ihis CRADA will be jointly owned by the Parties. The
Collaborator agrees and will immediately provide the Government with a written
Nonexclusive, paid-up,irrevocable license to Use Or have used for Government
PUrposes the CRADA Technical Data that were jointly created . The Government must
determine whether the CRADA Technical Data is classified or Controlled Unclassified
information or restricted information from release by DoD Regulations, Directives or
Instructions. The Collaborator must determine whether the CRADA Technical Data is
r,eleasaqleto the public.

       5.3 CRADA Works and inventions.

        5.3.1 Solely Developed. Ownership of Works or Inventions, including CRADA
Works or CRADA Inventions, developed solely by one of the Parties while performing
.under this CRADA belong to that Party.

        5.3.2 JoinOy Developed. Unless otherwise agreed to by t he Parties, jointly
created Works and Irlventio.rls will be jointly owned by both Parties. For copyrightable
Works, the Collaborator herein provides the. Government with a written Nonexclusive,
paid-up, irrevoc.able Copyright License in order for the Government to be able to use,
mOdify, reproduce, perform, display, release or disclOSe thE! CRADA Work, including
CRADA Computer Software, for any Government Purpose. The CRADA Work will have
the following marking:

       "This Work wascreat!!d in the Performance of a Cooperative Research and
       Development Agreement 19-1 5 with the CCDC Ground Vehicl!! Systems Cenier.
       The Government of the United States has certain rights to use this Work."

      The Collaborator can cornmercialize theCRADA Work, including CRADA
Computer Software, if both Parties determine in writing that no patent protection will be
sought and upon terms and conditions to be negotiated in writing between the Parties.

    5.3.3 Title to and Ownership of CRADA Invention. Each Party will own the
CRADA Inventions Made solely by its employees. Unless otherwise agreed to by the

   CRADA # 19-15BElWEEN TOTH~ STARS ACADEMY OF-ARTS AND SCIENCE, INC. AND CCDC 'GR,OUND VEt;1ICI.E
                                       SYSTEMS CENTER.
                                           Page 1'4
Parties, .lor any CRADA Invention Made by inventors.employees of bpth Parties, e.ach
Party will have oWnership in accordance with the laws of the country of Invention.

        5.3.4 Invention .Disclosure. Within sixty (60) days of an .Invention being made
resulting from the performance of the CRAOA, and prior to .disclosure of the Invention to
any third·parties, unless a shorter time period is .required by circumstances, the
inventor(s). )ViII submit .an Invention Disclosure to his/her/their employer(s). In the case of'
an Inventi.on Made jointly by inventors from both Parties, the inventors of each Party will
subm~ an Invention Disclosure to his/her employer. Each Party will provide the other
Party with a copy of each Invention Disclosure reporting the CRADA Invention within sixty
(60) days of receiving the Invention Disclosure from its inventor(s).

       5.4 Determination of CRADA Invention. The Parties will review each Invention
Disclosure, and confer and consult with each other to determine whether an Invention
Disclosure represents a CRADA Inve'ntion.

        5.4.1 Filing of Patent Applications. The Parties shall identify the Party who will
own the C.RADA Invention and resulting patent, and that Party will file the Patent
Application on any CRADA Invention. The Party responsible for filing of a Patent
Application on any CRAD.A Invention will file the Patent Application at least sixty (60) days
prior to any bar date and prior to publication, or one year from the date the Invention
Disclosure was received , whiChever comes first. in the case of a jointly Made CRADA
Invention, if no Paten! Application is filed within the specified time period by the
responsil:lle Party, theo!her Party may assume control of filing the Patent Application and
the responsible Party will assign the responsibility to the other Party so that that other
Party will then be able to take title to the jointly Made CRADA Invention on len (10) days
written notification. Each Partywill cooperate with the other Party to obtain each inventor's
Signatures on Patent Applications, assignments or other documents required to secure
Intellectual Property protection. The Party that relinquished the responsibility to file and
the party Wh.o will own the. CRADA Invention will. upon issuance of the patent provide a
written Nonexclusive; irrevocable, paid·up licenSe to the non·filing Party to practice the
jOintly MadeCRADA InVention or have the jointly Made CRADA Inveniion practiCed
throughout the world by or on its behalf.

        5.4.2 Patent Application Filing on CRADA Invention. The Party responsible for
filing any Patent Application for a CRADA Invention will notify the other Party of all filing
deadlines for prosecution of any Patent Application and maintenance ohny patent on ihe
CRADA Invention. Notwithstanding the primary responsibility set forth in Article 5.4.1 ,
sixty (60) days prior to any filing deadline, the Parties will confer to determine if the filing
Party inten~s to respond to the filing deadline. The non-filing Party will be permitted to
respond if the filing Party declines.

       5A.3. Righbl of the. Government. Language thaI must be included in a Patent
Application filed by the Collaborator follows .. "This invention was made with Government
support from the CCDC Ground Vehicle Systems Center 19·15. The Government of the


   CRAD,o." 19-15 BETWEEN TO THE STARS ACADEMY,OF ARTS AND SCIENCE. INC. AND ceDe GROUND VEHiCLE
                                          SYSTEMS CENTER
                                           ,  Page 15
Unijed States has the right to practice or have practiced on beha~ of the Unijed States
this subject invention throughout the world."

         5.4.4 Copies and Inspection. Each Party filing a Patent Application on a.CRADA
Inveniion will provide the other Party with a copy of the Patent Application as filed and
copies of all correspondence (e.g., all Patent Appli""tions, office actions, responses
between the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) and the filing Party
after filing Wijh the USPTO [and/or other relevant patent office] or from the USPTO [and/or
otherTelevan! patent office] relating to prosecution of the Patent Application) within thirty
(:30) days of re.ceipt. The filing Party will give the other Party a limited power to insp-ect,
with authorization to access the Patent Application, make copies, and, in the event that
the filing Party declines continued prosecution of the Patent Application, do all that is
necessary to Secure patentprotec)jon for the jointly.Made CRADA Invention.

       5.5 Licenses to CRADA Inventions, Including Computer Software,

        5.5.1 License. In accordance ~h 15 U.S. Code §3710a(b)(2) , for CRADA
Inventions Made, CRADA Technical Data, and CRADA Works Created solely or in part
by an emp'loyee of the Government, the Government may grant or may agree in advance
to the Collaborator to patent Licenses or assignments or options thereto, subject to
section 209 of Title 35 of the Un~ed States Code. The Government may grant a License
to an Invention th.a t is federally owned, for which a Patent Application was filed before the
Signing of this CRADA, and directly within the scope of the work under this CRADA for
reasonable compensation when appropriate. The Collaborator will have an option to
choose an Exclusive liCense for a pre-negotiated field of use, for such Invention and a
GRADA Invention.lf1here were more than one Collaborator than each Collaborator is
offered the option to hQld licenSing.rights thalcollectiilely encompass the rights that would
be held under such Exclusive License Ily one Party. Unless otherwise agreed to in writing
by the Parties, Collaborator's option to choose an ExciOsive License must be requested
wijhin six (6) months of being notified (or by ijs own employee/inventor in the case of
jOintly Made Inventions) of the CRADA Invention. Grants of Exclusive Licenses under
this paragraph Will be subject to the Government retaining a Nonexclusive, transferable,
 irrevocable, paid-up License to practice the Invention or have the Invention practiced
throughout the world by or on behalf of the Government.

       5.5.2 Collaborator's CRADA IntellectuaLProperty. The Collaborator retains title
to each CRADA Invention, CRADA Technical Data and CRADA Work made solely by its
employees and grants the Government .a written Nonexclusive, transferable, irrevocable,
paid-up License to practice the CRADA Invention or have the Invention practiced
throughout the world by Or on behalf of the G.overnment for Government Purpos"s or use
the CRAGAWork or CRADA Technical Data or have them ;used throughout the wortd by
or on behalf On the Government for Government Purposes.

    5.6 Termination of Licenses Granted and Cancellation of License Option to
CRADA Inventions. Government may cancel the Exclusive or Nonexclusive License


    CRADA# 19-15 BETWEEN TO lliE STARS ACADEMY OF ARTS AND SCIENCE, INC, AND eeoc GROUND VEHICLE
          -   -                           SYSTEMS CENTER
                                              , Page 16
option and terminate any Exclusive or Nonexclusive Licenses for CRADA Inventions
Made in whole or in part by Government employees in the event that:

      a) Collaborator is in default for failure to make payment as agreed to herein; or

      b) The CRAOA is terminated unilaterally by Collaborator under ArtiCle; 4.6.2.2; or

      .c) Collaborator fails to perform according to the JO.int Work Plan; or

      d) COllaborator becomes a new or different foreign owned, controlled, or
         influenced. (FOCI) organization that is reasonably determined by Govemment
         napa qualify under the requ irements of Executive Order 12591 , Section 4(a).

      ".7 Use of Licelisjld Software. Neither Party may incorporate any Computer
SoftWare (including but not limited 10 Open Source SoftWare) into a CRADA Work that is
subject to License requirements which (a) creates, or purport to create, obligations on the
Govemment (e.g. indemnification); (b) grants, or purport to granl, to any third party any
rights or immunities in or to the CRADA Work or any Backgro.und Technology; (c) causes
the CRADAWork or any Background Technology to be subject to any licensing terimS or
obligations that would require the CRADA Work or any Background Technology to be
disclosed or distributed (whether or not in source code form) , to be licensed for the
purpose of making derivative Works, or to be redistributed free of charge; or (d) purports
to modify the terms oUhe CRADA, unless the Party firs! identifies the proposed Computer
SoftWare and provides a cqpy of the applicable License for review and receives written
approval by the other Party. This restriction applies to 'Coliaborator's s.ubcontractors and
any others performing work under this CRADA and shall be made part of ,my contract
with such subcontractors or third-parties.

       5.8 Trademarks. All trademarks or service marks to be used by either Party in
performing the Obligations under the JoiritWork Plan must be identified .. A description of
how the tr"dem"rk or .service mark will be used and rights of use by the other party must
be stated in the Joint Work Plan.

                                   ARTICLE 6 - LIABILITY

      6.1 Force Majeure. Neither Party will be liable for the consequences of any force
majeure that(l) is beyond ressonablecontrol; (2) is not c.aused by thefaultor negligence
of such Party; (3) causes such Party to be unable to perform its obligations under this
CRADA; and (4) cannot be reasonably overcome by the exercise of due diligence. In the
event altha occurrence of a Iorcemajaura, theParty unable toperform Will promptly notify
the other Party. The Parties will suspend performance only for suc.h period of time as is
necessary to overcome the result(s) of the force majeure and will use its best efforts to
resume performance <\$ quickly as possiple .

      .6.2 Indemnification and Liability. Collaborator agrees to hold the Government
harmless and to indemnify the Government for all liabilities, demands, damages, actual

   CRADA # 19,'15 BElWEEN TO THE STARS ACADEMY OF ARTS AND SCIENCE,INC. AND c e DC GROUND VEHICLE
                                          SYSTEMS CENTER
                                              Page 17
',.,:


        out-of-pocket expenses and losses arising oui of the use by Collaboralor. or any party
        aCting on its beha~ or under its authorization of Govemment~s research and technical
        developments Or out of any use. sale or .other disposition of products made by the use of
        Government's, research and technical developments. for any purpose of the CRADA
        unless' due to the negligence or willful misconduct of the Government, or Government's
        employees. Each Party otherWise will be liable for any claims or damages it incurs in
        connection with this CRADA. eXcept the Governrnent. as an agency of the U.S,
        Government. assumes liability only to the extent provided under the Federal Tort Claims
        Act. 28 U.S,C. Chapter 171 , .    ,

               6.3 Collaborator's Employees. Collaborator hereby indemnifies and holds
         harmless the Government for any loss, claim, damage. or liability of any kind involving an
         employee of Collaborator. a,ising in connection with Collaboralor's performance under
        i his CRADA. except to the extent that such loss. claim •. damage or liability arising from
         the negligence of the Government or its employees, as specified in the provisions of the
         Federal Tort Claims Act.

                                  ARTICLE 7 - FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS

                7.1 Parties Payment ofCostslFees. Except as otherwise stated in the Joint Work
        Plan. each Party will bear its own expenses and costs. including but not limited to costs
        of . labor. supplies. materials. Patent Applications. prosecutions and maintenance.
        equipment. overhead. and other expenses (hereafter "costsifees"), direct and indirect. in
        thepertormance of work under this CRADA.

              7.2 Governmilnt. Government will not provide. any federal Or other funds to the
        Collaborator under this CRAOA.                        .

               7.3 Payment of Costs/Fees. In !he event the Parties mutually agree in the Joint
        Work Plan that Collaborator will pay to the Government costs/fees , t.he purpose of such
        funds shall be described in and Payment made as described in Articles 7.4 and 7.5, The
        GOVernment will acknowledge to the Collaborator deposit of funds. and work under this
        CRADA can begin once funds have been deposited,

                7.4 Payment Schedule. Collaborator agrees to pay Government the following
        costs/fees in accordance with the payment s,hedule as described below or asset forth
        in the Joint Work Plan.

                None.

               Payments made by check by the Collaborator to the Government underlhis Article
        will be made payable to CCDC Ground Vehicle Systems Center and Include CRADA
        number on the check and mailed to the following address:

                         Office of Research Technology Applications
                        ,CCDC Ground VehiCle Systems Center

            CRADA#19--1.S' BElWEEN TCJ'l11E"STARS ACADEMY OF ART~ AND' SCIENCE, INC. AND ceDC GROUND VEHICLE
                                                    SYSTEMS CENTER                                   '
                                                        P';;~18
              6501 E. 11 Mile Road, MS 221
              Warren, MI 48397-5000

       7.5 Insufficient and Excess Funds.

        7.5.1 Insufficient Funds. Government may discontinue. performance under this
CRADA if the funds provided by the COllaborator for performance by the Government are
insufficient or are not provided as specified in Article 7.4. In the event the COllaborator
fails to tender to the Government the required payment within fifteen (15) days after its
respective due date; the Collaborator will be in default under this CRADA for failure to
make payments. If the Collaborator is in default for this reason , the Government will notify
Collaborator. If Collaborator does not cure the default within fifteen (15) days of mailing
date of the Notice, the Government may proceed to terminate this CRADA in accordance
with Article 4.6.2., may cancel any bptionfor an E:xC/usive license to a CRADA Inllention,
and maytermiliate any E:xclusive license granted pursuant to this CRADA.

      7.5.2 Excess Funds. In accordance with agency policy, funds that Collaborator
paid under Article 7.4 and thatthe Government has not obligated or expended at the time
of completion, expiration, or termination of this CRADA will be. returned t'O the
Collaborator.

        7.6 Accounting Records. The Government will maintain current accounts,
records, and other evidence supporting all ~s expenditures against funding provided by
Collaborator under this CRADA and will retain the records for at least twelve (12) months
after the ,completion, expiration, or termination of this CRADA.


   CRADA #1- 19·15 BETWEEN TO THE STARS AG~~~~S~T~R9 SCIENCE, INC,. AND   ceoc GROUND VEHICLE
                                            Page 19
                              SECTION 11- JOINT WORK PLAN
           NOVEL & EMERGING TECHNOLOGY EXPLOITATION (NETE)

                         ARTICLE A - PROJECT DESCRIPTION

To the Stars .Academy of Arts and Sciehc.e is a company with materiel and technology
innovations that offer capability advancements for Army ground vehicles. These
technology innovations have been acquired, designed , and produced by the Collaborator,
leveraging advancements in metamaterials and quantum physics to push performance
gains. The Collaborator will share their innovations with the Govemment, who will use its
laboratories and resources to characterize the technologies and d.etermine if they have
appropriate applications on ground vehicles.

                                ARTICLE B - OBJECTIVES

B.1. CRADA Objective.
The Collaborator has access to advanced materiel solutions. The'Governmentwould like
to assess, test, and characterize the products from the Collaboratorst Government
facilities to compare the capabilities of these adv,!ncements to known commodities,
understand what facilities would be required to reproduce the advancements, and
determine their applications for ground vehicle platforms.

B.2. Benefit to Gove.rnment.
If the Government canverify materiel solutions claims by the Collaborator, then Significant
advanCements can bem~de in the c'!pabiliti13s of Army ground v13hicle platforms in terms
of security, force protection and weight reduction.

B;3. Bllnef'rt to Collaborator.
The collaboration described within this document enables the Collaborator to understand
the performance of their lPateriel innovations in Army ground vehicle environments and
benchmark that capability against existing technology capabilities. This CRADA will
benefit ·the Collaborator by providing gui.dance, recommendations, additional data and
resu~s collected from Government testing.

                 ARTICLE C - PARTIES AND OTHER PARTICIPANTS

C.l. Relationship Of Parties.
The COllaborator contacted Government about the innovations within their hold and
proposed joint research . The Collaborator isa public benefit company with limited
resources. Collaborator leaders are prior Govemment employees who understand the
value that materiel solutions can provide for the Warfighter. Government persohnel
recognize the value of the.technologies described and can provide Government facilities
to asses, test, and characterize the technologies for better understanding th.e
performance described and compare them against accepted standards.


   CRADA,# 19-1 5 BETWEEN TO THE STARS ACADEMY 'Of ARTS AND scr~NCE,tNC. ANDCCOG GROUND VEHICLE
                                         SYSTEMS CENTER
                                             Page 20
C.2. Other Participants
The other contributprs for this effort are:
   1) The Office of the Secretary of Oefense (OSO) can sha,e historical reports of
      findings and origin of materiel solulions in the possession of the Collaborator.

        ARTICLE 0 - TECHNICAL TASKS AND ASSOCIATED RESOURCES

0.1 . Government Activity.
GOl/emment shall:
    1. Perform assessments. testing, and characterization of Collaborator-provided
       technologies. The Government is interested in a variety of the Collaborator's
       technologies, such as, but not limited to inertial mass reduction,
       mechanical/structural metamaterials, electromagnetic metamaterial wave guides,
       quantum physics, quantum communications, and beamed energy propulsion.
   2. Provide Subject Matler Expertise technical support, guidance, evaluation, and
       tempo,,'lry duty, as required and althe discretion olthe Government
    3. Share ali unclassifiep test ,,,,suits pertaining to Collaborator technologies in
       compliance with applicable SCGs.
    4. Author report(s) to document the testing conducted and the performance achieved
       during those tests.
           a) The Government will share the reports with the Collaborator at the
               cpnclusion of this effort.
    5. Sponsor all appropriate security clearances necessary for work under this effort.
           a) Provide necessary clearance to appropriate classified material(s) through a
               00254.                                                         .
    6. Return Collaborator-provided materials afthe conclusion of testing and evaluation.
   ],l'he total value of anticipated USG resources, including personnel, services
        provided, Intellectual Property, facilities, equipment, and reporting through the
        course of this.effort is estimated. at $750k.
    8. Secure storage of technology and artifacts of sensitive nature.

0.2. Collaborator Activity.
Collaborator shall:
   1. Provide SMEs in the deSignated areas of study, including physics, material
       ~~~~~~~                                                                    ..
    2. Share knowledge, exploratory research, pertinent internal reports, and resu~s
       (reports) of prior testing with respect to material, material SCience, and advanced
       technologiE;!. with USG personnel.
   ·3. Provide the agreed upon materiel technologies for USGtesting and evaluation.
           a) Metamaterial: Samples of mechanical and EM sensitive metamaterial
              collec;ted, obtained, or develop.ed as part of .its Field Operations
          •b) Material Analysis: Written data, information; and ",nalysis related to tested
              materials
           c) Quantum Communication:.
              1) Related research to-ctate on theories, studies; mathematical formulas,
                  and prototypes

   CRADA # 19.;15-SElWEENTO THE STARS ACADEMY OF ARTS AND SCIENCE, INC. AND CeDC 'GROUND VEHICL,E
                                         SYSTEMS CENTER
                                              Page 21
              2) Future developments, prototypes, and hardware associated with the
                 specific quantum product
          d) Beamed Energy Propulsion
              1) Launch vehicles, vehicle prototypes, and, systems obtained or
                 possessed
              2) Data associated with testing, developing, and improving persistence and
                 stability of launch vehiples or launch systems
              3) Proposed application of these systems
         -e) Active Car)lOuflage and Directed Photon PrOjection
              1) Projection systems
              2) Technology .associated with these systems
              3) Material projection surfaces
              4) Proposed applications of these systems
      4. PrOvide secure shipping of Collaborator technologies to the Government
      5. The total value of the Collaborato~s participation (personnel, services,
      Intellectual Property, facilities, equipment or other resources) is estimated at $1 M,
      but will be determined by business needs and funding availability.

D.3~ Joint Activity.
Both Parties shall jointly:
   1. Share current knowledge onexistingmaterial and available data (if any).
   2. Use available resources to design and prepare samples testing/evaluation where
       appropriate
   3. Develop test and evaluation plans for material or equipment under evaluation.
   4 . Consolidate testing/evaluation results and incl.ude in ajointly developed report that
      ..nilbe provided to both the Collaborator and Govemment This reporting shall
       summarize testing conducted, characterizations olthe technology performance,
       and suggested next steps or opportunities for the technologies.

0.4. Property and Equipment
Unless speCified in par"graphs 0 .1 and 02, no property nor equipment wiil be furnished
by either party under this CRADA


   CRAOA"# 19·15 BE1WEEN TO:mE STARS ACADEMY OF ARTS AND SCIENCE, INC"AND eeoc GROUND veHIClE
                                        SYSTEMS CENTER
                                            _Page 22
                        ARTICLE E - INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

E.1. Background Technology.

E.1.1, Collaborator's Background Technology.
Collaborator's prior research, discoveries, aM proprietary designs for the materiel
solutions provided to Government are exclusive property 01 the. ColiaboratoL That
information shall remain owned by the proprietor with the rights by the U.S. Government
for the testing' described within this document.

E.1.2. Government's Background Technology.
None.

E.2. Marking pf Background Technology.
All Background Technology will be identified as such with a marking. For example:


                     [PARTY NAME! - BACKGROUND TECHNOLOGY
           The right to use, modify, reproduce, release. perfonm, display, disclose
            ordispose of infonmation reveale.d herein is restricted in accordance
              with CCDC Ground Vehicle Systems Center CRADA No. 19-15.

             This infonmation will be protected in accordance with 15 U.S.C. §
              3710a(c)(7). Any information subjectto this legend may only be
            reproduced or disclosed if authorized under that CRADA and every
           such reproduction or disclosure must also be prominently marked with
                                         this legend.

           If you are notpermitted to receive this information under that CRADA.
               you must immediately return it to an authorized representative.

                          Fig 1. Marking of Background Technology

E.3. Marking of Prpprietary Information.
All Proprietary In/onmation will be identified as such With a marking. For example:


   CRADA # , g...15 BElWEEN TO THE STARS ACADEMY OF ARJ"S,AND SCIENCE, INc. AND ceoc GR,OIJND VEHICLE
                                            SYSTEMS CENTER
                                                page .23
                      (PARTY NAMEJ- PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

           The right to use, modify, reproduce, re[e~se, perform, display, disclose
            or dispose of information revea led herein is restricted in accordance
           with CCDC Ground Vehicle Systems Center CRADA No. 19-15, This
                information will be protected in accordance with 15 U.S,C. §
              3710a(c)(7). Any information subject to this legend may only be
            reproduced or disclosed if authorized under that CRADA and every
           such repr~duction or disclosure must also be prominenlly marked with
                                          this legend .

           If you are not permitted to receive this information under that CRADA,
               you must immediately return rt to an authorized representative.

                          Fig 2. Marking of Proprietary [nformation

                                ARTICLE F - DELIVERABLES.

F.1 . Reports.
At theconc[usion of each fiscal year, the Government shall.complete reporting of testing
conducted , inclusive of characterization of the techriologies, find ings, observations, and
recommendations. The Collaborator shall contribute to the reports wrth their scientist
analysis. Any CRADA lnventions Made and other Intellectua[ Property developed or
Created, including Works, and their respective owners and IiCensees, shall be identified
and agreed to by all parties involved. Government and Collaborator have the opportunrty
to request additional detail from the Report preparer, if it is deemed necessary to better
understand the technical progressniade, identify problems encountered, and establish
goals and objectives requiring further effort The reports shall be authored in Microsoft
Word in a Government format. Final drafts shall be converted to PDF. All reports
delivered under this CRADA shall be shared With all parties involved, subject to
appropriate class guides.

F.2. Other Deliverables.
No additional de[iverab[es are anticipated within the scope of this CRADA.


   CRADA# 19·1 5 BE1wI;.EN TO THE STARS ,b.CADEMY OF.,ARTS AND SCIENCE, INc; ANO CCPC.GROUNO VEHICLE
                                             SYSTEMS CENTER
                                                 Page-24
                              ARTICLE G - MILESTONES


                                                                    Reference
                                                                     to Joint
         Activity                    Start            End           Work Plan        Notes

Technical Work                    10/1/2019       30 Sep 2023      0 .1.1 0 .1.6
Milestone/Review FY20             9/112020         9/3012020           0 .1.1
IP Review FY20                    9/112020         9/3012020           0 .1.6
MilestonelReview FY21             9/112021         9/3012021           0 .1.1
IP Review FY21                    9/112021         9/30/2021           0 .1.6
Milestone/Review FY22             9/112022         9/30/2022           0 .1.1
IP Review FY22                    9/112022         9/30/2022           0 .1.6
Milestone/Review FY23             9/412023         9129/2023           0 .1.1
IP Review FY23                    9/412023         9/29/2023           0 .1.6
CRADA Closeout                    9/4/2023         9/29/2023

Other Activities
- Monthly communications
- Tests
- Status Reports


 CRADA # 19-15 BETWEEN TO THE STARS ACADEMY OF ARTS AND SCIENCE, INC. AND ceoc GROUND VEHICLE
                                       SYSTEMS CENTER
                                            Page 25
                                SECTION III - SIGNATURES

I. Expiration. This CRADA expires sixty (60) months from the Effective Date unless duly
modified in accordance with paragraph 4.6 and attached hereto.

II. Survivability of Rights and Responsibilities. All rights and responsibilities of the
Parties under this CRADA, including any Modifications, shall survive the completion,
expiration or Termination of this CRADA In the event that one or more provisions of
this CRADA are determined by a federal Court not to be valid, the remaining rights and
responsibilities of the Parties will survive and be enforced. At least the Articles for
Reports, Indemnification, Title to Property and Publications will survive.

III. Entire CRADA. This CRADA and its counterparts constitute the entire agreement
between the Parties concerning the subject matter of this CRADA and supersede any
prior understanding or written or oral agreement relative to said matter.

IV. IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have executed this CRADA in duplicate through
their duly authorized representatives having authority to execute this CRADA as follows :


             For Government:                                       For Collaborator:


 Je~~hO~
 Director, Combat Capabilities
                                                    ~!::~~:,~--------
                                                    To The Stars Academy of Arts and
 Development Command                                Science, Inc.
 Ground Vehicle Systems Center

 Date      ,. O<L-/       )-0/q                      Date _ _    1_°,1'-0.....1"',_'1·:...._ _


   CRADA # 19-15 BETWEEN TO THE STARS ACADEMY OF ARTS AND SCIENCE, INC. AND ceoc GROUND VEHICLE
                                         SYSTEMS CENTER
                                              Page 26
