{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T14:25:05Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 521621, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/unidentified-anomalous-phenomena-exposing-the-truth-hearing-november-13-2024-12.pdf", "source_sha256": "53ec4b2791770e0d2d1b85b2a8122622930cfcf17bfa90da4bc00cbab5d5c57b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 454, "chars": 3272, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Introduction
This document is the result of a multi-year, internal investigation into the subjects of
Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena (UAP), Technologies of Unknown Origin (TUO), and Non-
Human Intelligence (NHI). This investigation was undertaken in response to urgent and credible
threats to the public good and safety of the United States of America - and provided to Congress
through the UAP whistleblower mechanisms established by the FY23 National Defense
Authorization Act, and the FY23 National Intelligence Authorization Act. The data consulted
during this investigation, and summarized in this report, originate from non-public data held
within the Executive Branch of the United States Government (USG). The author obtained
access to this information while pursuing their lawful duties as an employee of the Department
of Defense. This public version of the author's report was reviewed and approved for public
release by the Department of State, Bureau of Global Public Affairs.
The results of this investigation are deeply disturbing. Elements of the U.S. Executive Branch.
have conspired to prevent the U.S. Legislative Branch from exercising its lawful powers of
governance with respect to the UAP, TUO, and NHI issues. The information provided by the
author strongly suggests that the U.S. Executive Branch has been managing UAP/NHI issues
without Congressional knowledge, oversight, or authorization for some time, quite possibly
decades. This criminal conspiracy keeps the elected government of the United States and its
citizens ignorant to profound discoveries and dire threats originating from the existence of UAP,
NHI, and their technologies.
Unambiguous evidence demonstrating the reality of UAP, NHI, and TUO has been made
available to Congress by multiple, independent UAP whistleblowers. This document is but one
item of evidence brought to Congress, much more exists and hopefully will be made available. In
this public version of the report, information is organized into seven categories of evidence,
including: an Unacknowledged Special Access Program (uSAP); Imagery Intelligence (IMINT);
human intelligence (HUMINT); signals intelligence (SIGINT); USG bureaucratic records; USG
historical records; and other sensitive sources. All information in this report is derived from
access to non-public information.
Section 1: Unacknowledged Special Access Program - IMMACULATE
CONSTELLATION
IMMACULATE CONSTELLATION is an Unacknowledged Special Access Program (USAP)
established following the public disclosure of the AATIP/AAWSAP programs by Luis Elizondo
in 2017. Upon disclosure to Congress, it was determined that this USAP and its collateral
information have not been lawfully reported to Congress.
IMMACULATE CONSTELLATION's primary mission is collecting imagery intelligence on
Unidentified Aerial Phenomena (UAP) and ARV/RV (Reproduction Vehicles) utilizing tasked
and untasked U.S. military-intelligence resources. As part of a network of SAPs linked to Non-
Human Intelligence (NHI) and UAP technologies, IMMACULATE CONSTELLATION acts as
a nexus for collecting, analyzing, and disseminating intelligence on the activities, capabilities,
and locations of anomalous aerospace threats that originate from foreign or unidentified sources.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 451, "chars": 3365, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The intelligence within the IMMACULATE CONSTELLATION program primarily consists of
high-quality Imagery Intelligence (IMINT) and collateral Measurement and Signatures
Intelligence (MASINT) of UAPs and ARV/RVs within Earth's atmosphere. The collection
platforms involved are a blend of tasked and untasked capabilities in Low Earth Orbit (LEO), the
upper atmosphere, military and civilian aviation altitudes and maritime environments.
IMMACULATE CONSTELLATION pays particular attention to anomalous aerospace
platforms that have been developed through the study or acquisition of technologies of unknown
origin by foreign nations or unknown entities. UAP and ARV/RV signatures and preferred
operating areas are known to the program, enabling a degree of strategic awareness and warning.
Finally, IMMACULATE CONSTELLATION shows that UAP and ARV/RVs are operating
around the globe, often in close proximity to sensitive foreign assets and locations.
The categorization of IMMACULATE CONSTELLATION as a 'parent' USAP, with various
'child' SAPs under its umbrella, indicates a high level of compartmentalization and secrecy. In
effect, IMMACULATE CONSTELLATION serves as a central or 'parent' USAP that
consolidates observations of UAP and ARV activities detected by tasked and untasked collection
platforms. Sophisticated internal information security controls are a major part of the
IMMACULATE CONSTELLATION program, which enforces compartmentalization by
detecting, quarantining, and transferring UAP and RV imagery collection incidents before they
are circulated within the Military Intelligence Enterprise.
In conclusion, IMMACULATE CONSTELLATION shows that the USG is not only aware of
UAPs and TUO, but also foreign state efforts to replicate UAP and TUO capabilities. The data
within IMMACULATE CONSTELLATION reveals the capacity of the U.S. Armed Services
and Military Intelligence Community to detect, track, identify, and engage anomalous
transmedium platforms. IMMACULATE CONSTELLATION also demonstrates the extant
capability to detect, quarantine, and transfer UAP and RV collection incidents before they are
observed and circulated within the Military Intelligence Enterprise, partially explaining why
many otherwise cleared members of the military and IC are unaware of UAP activities. Finally,
the existence of IMMACULATE CONSTELLATION provides verifiable evidence of the witting
participation by elements of the U.S. Armed Services, Defense Civil Service, and the
Intelligence Community in a global surveillance and reconnaissance mission tasked with
monitoring UAPs and ARV/RVs.
Section 2: USG Imagery Intelligence
The USG maintains Imagery Intelligence (IMINT) databases accessible to personnel with
appropriate security clearances and mission need. These databases are scattered across various
organizations and services, leading to a fragmented ownership structure. This dispersion
complicates the timely and comprehensive gathering of IMINT related to Unidentified Aerial
Phenomena (UAPs). Control over access to these datasets primarily reside with the Military
Intelligence Enterprise, the Combatant Commands, the Armed Services, and individual Program
Managers.
The IMINT collected from datasets available to the DoD, and reviewed for this report, provide
compelling evidence for UAP which defy prosaic explanations. There is a large number of

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 556, "chars": 3774, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
unique imagery sensors available to the U.S. military and intelligence community including:
Infrared (IR)/Forward-Looking Infrared (FLIR), Full Motion Video (FMV), Thermal, and Still
Photography. The multitude of wavelengths collected by these sensors have captured UAP
characteristics that are difficult or impossible to obserye with the human eye alone. Subtle
atmospheric effects associated with UAPs are visible through the sensors employed by the U.S.
military and intelligence agencies, enabling unique analytic techniques. The verifiable chain of
custody for UAP IMINT collected by U.S. military assets ensures a high level of confidence in
the accuracy and integrity of the data gathered. The following examples are presented:
CENTCOM Cuboid Formation of Metallic Orbs: On USG networks, there exists daytime-
FMV and daytime-FLIR footage of a formation of ~12 metallic orbs skimming the ocean surface
at high-speed before dispersing in multiple directions. The rapid and agile maneuvering of the
metallic orbs were incompatible with known aerospace vehicles and were between 3-6 meters in
diameter. In the opening segment of this footage, the ~12 metallic orbs flew in a tight 'cuboid'
•formation; the metallic orbs were in three vertical-square formations of ~4 orbs each, arranged in
a three-pronged configuration, creating the illusion of a cube shape at distance. All the orbs were
white-hot against the black-cold ocean in the FLIR footage, and each sphere created a feint
atmospheric distortion both around itself and as a heat-shimmer 'contrail'. The metallic orbs
moved in this cube formation over the ocean for some time, before rapidly breaking formation as
pairs. The sensor platform lost track of most of the metallic orbs as they ascended in altitude and
accelerated in speed but maintained observation on a pair of metallic orbs continuing the original
trajectory of the larger formation.
CENTCOM Fast Mover Observed Transiting Over Sensitive Facilities: On USG networks,
there exists FLIK footage of a small-medium oval UAP flying at high speed and low to the
surface. The footage begins as routine surveillance of a sensitive coastal facility, when the oval
UAP rapidly comes into frame as it flies above coastal facilities. The oval UAP then makes a
rapid turn towards the ocean where it is tracked by the collection platform. The oval UAP is
tracked flying low over the open ocean at high speed before the track is lost.
INDOPACOM Intelligence Vessels Positioned to Collect on Reproduction Vehicle: On USG
networks, there exists Infrared footage of and imagery of a grouping of vessels engaged in
SIGINT and MASINT collection at night in a specific area of the Pacific Ocean. In this footage,
which was in close-proximity to the vessels, a large equilateral-triangle UAP suddenly appears
directly over the ships. Three bright points are seen at each bottom corner of the UAP, which is
observed to slowly rotate on its horizontal access. This rotation partially reveals a horizontal bar
of sweeping lights. Intelligence analysis associated with this event specifies that the equilateral-
triangle is a Reproduction Vehicle (RV) and concludes that the vessels must have been aware of
the RV's frequent use of those coordinates, due to foreign pre-positioning of advanced collection
assets at the exact time and place. After a brief period of hovering and slowly rotating
approximately 500-1000 meters above the ocean, the RV suddenly disappears, and the footage
ends.
INDOPACOM Equilateral Triangle UAP Tails Unwitting Vessel: On USG networks, there
exists infrared footage of an equilateral-triangle UAP, approximately fighter-jet sized, hovering
less than 200 meters above a vessel, in the night at a location in the Pacific. Intelligence analysis

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 551, "chars": 3555, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
associated with this event specifies that the equilateral-triangle is an ARV/RV of unknown
origin. The vessel gives no signs that it is aware of the ARV/RV maintaining altitude and bearing
directly overhead. Two lights on the underside of the ARV/RV are visible, while a third is
blocked from view due to a slightly upward angle of orientation.
INDOPACOM Large Disc Using Clouds as Concealment: On USG networks there exists
OPIR footage of a large saucer shaped UAP emerging from within a dense cloud formation. The
saucer registered black-hot against white-cold, with atmospheric disturbances caused by the
saucer shaped UAP visible. The saucer was between 200-400 meters in circumference and
displayed symmetrical concavities on the upper surface. The saucer shaped UAP emerges at a
shallow angle travelling upwards towards the outer atmosphere. After breaking above the cloud
cover, the saucer shaped UAP suddenly reverses its direction, descending partially back into the
cloud cover, then accelerating rapidly out of frame and partially obscured by the could tops. This
behavior was evasive in nature and implied that the saucer shaped UAP had become aware that it
was under observation by a space-based collection platform.
INDOPACOM Boomerang UAP Observed by Pilot and Sensor Suite: On USG networks
there exists FLIR footage of a swept-boomerang UAP maneuvering at an uncertain altitude at a
location off the eastern coast of a country. The UAP is tracked against clouds by the sensor suite
of the operating craft. The UAP is observed rapidly decelerating to a stationery hover, followed
by the sudden emission of a sphere of light from the junction of the two 'wings' which expands
to partially engulf the craft in a rotating sphere of light, at which point the available footage ends.
NORTHCOM Jellyfish UAP Crosses US-Mexico Border: On USG networks, there exists
FLIR footage of an irregularly shaped UAP flying across the southern border. The UAP
appeared in FLIR to be 'mottled' irregularly with hot/cold emissions and approximated a
ely ich or to ving means it ranging, mendages in uncaral india few agent ths
and flight path, and maintained a comparatively low altitude to geographic features. In
appearance and behavior, footage of this UAP violating the airspace of the southern border
resembled the same class of UAPs observed near DoD facilities in Iraq and Afghanistan. There
exists at least one compilation video of this class of UAP, sourced from DoD force protection
assets and Theater ISR, which uses this footage as a point of comparison.
NORTHCOM Supersonic Range Fouler' Intercepts USN Fighter: On USG networks there
exists FLIR footage and radar data of a supersonic UAP of uncertain characteristics conducting a
head-on intercept of a USN fighter operating off the Eastern Seaboard. The UAP is observed
emerging from a cloudbank at high-speed and approaching the USN aircraft head-on, rapidly
passing over the left side of the cockpit. Radar data from this approach tracks the UAP on its
approach towards the craft providing information on speed, heading, and elevation.
SOUTHCOM Tie-Tac Detected by Space Asset in Proximity of Vessel: On USG networks
there exists OPIR imagery and MASINT of a Tic-Tac UAP transiting through an area of the
Atlantic Ocean. The Tic-Tac maneuvers at an altitude at or near local cloud cover, and correlated
electromagnetic signatures were collected by MASINT. In the available footage the Tic-Tac
UAP transits rapidly through the field of regard as it transits the ocean. No observed reaction is

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 439, "chars": 3122, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
seen to come from the vessel, but its proximity in time and space to the trajectory of this UAP
suggests foreknowledge of the UAP event by intelligence.
Section 3: Defense Human Intelligence Reporting
The USG maintains a database of intelligence collected by military personnel across a plethora
of topics, including UAP. These individual reports are considered "raw" because they have not
undergone evaluation, corroboration, or contextualization into a finished analytical product by
Military Intelligence Community analysts. A significant volume of reports documenting first-
hand encounters with Unidentified Aerial Phenomena (UAPs) or Unidentified Flying Objects
(UFOs) by DoD personnel exists within defense HUMINT databases. Many of these UAP
reports are filed by military aviators and pilots, as well as service members trained in foreign
military intelligence collection activities, and often include photographic evidence and sensor
data. When aggregated, these reports reveal significant information on UAP.
This section is directly informed by reviewing over 400 defense HUMINT reports on encounters
with UAPs/UFOs by USG personnel spanning from 1991 to 2022. It must be noted that this
dataset is not exhaustive - other HUMINT data sources exist which are omitted from this
analysis. The defense HUMINT dataset summarized here highlights notable trends in the
reporting stream and are presented here along with specific examples.
Common UAP/UFO Shapes Observed in Defense HUMINT Dataset
From 1991 to 2022, the most common UAP shapes reported in this USG dataset were
spheres/orbs, discs/saucers ovals/tic-tacs, triangles, boomerang/arrowhead, and irregular/organic.
The Triangles/Boomerangs/Arrowhead shapes were by far the rarest and spheres the most
common. Variations of morphology within these categories are present i.e. smooth spheres and
spheres with protuberances; saucers without domes and saucers with domes; smooth ovals and
ovals with surface structures; jelly fish or floating "brains" with appendages; and elongated
triangles as well as equilateral triangles.
• Sphere or Orb: Spheres were the most reported shape, with variations ranging from
smooth featureless orbs to spheres with visible openings or appendages. These objects'
prevalence suggests a possible standard in UAP design or function, capable of high
maneuverability and speed. The diversity within the sphere category, spanning from
simple, polished appearances to more complex structures with appendages, suggests a
broad range of purposes or technologies unique to the platform's mission and/or the
originator.
Disc or Saucer: Saucer-shaped UAPs, reported with and without domes, were the
second-most common shape reported. Flat saucers were reported as well, these being disc
like objects without pronounced domes. Traditional bi-convex UAPs are also reported in
the data.
• Oval or Tie-Tac: Oval-shaped UAPs were infrequently reported within the dataset, and
only after approximately 2003; these UAPs either maintained a uniform 'egg-like?
symmetty, occasionally tapered into a teardrop shape. Cylinders with convex ends (Tic-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 334, "chars": 2450, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Tacs) fall into this category, and occasionally featured visible protuberances on the top'
or 'bottom' of the otherwise uniform planform:
• Triangle: Triangies were among the rarest UAPs reported in the data. Most of these
sightings were equilateral triangles, occasionally with vertical 'stabilizers' visible on the
"top' of the UAP. Elongated (isosceles) types were also reported, occasionally with the
same vertical stabilizers observed on the equilateral type.
Boomerang or Arrowhead: Boomerangs and 'Arrowhead' shaped UAPs were also
among the rarest reported. The boomerang VAPs exhibited bilateral symmetry, with
sweeping wings and a high aspect ratio. Arrowhead UAPs also showed bilateral
symmetry, but possessed tapered wings and a low aspect ratio, typically with highly
swept leading edges.
• Irregular or Organic: Irregularly shaped UAPs, those that defy simple geometric
description, were among the rarest reported sightings. Shape-shifting UAPs also appear
in the dataset, typically having a spherical or disc-like "base" form from which irregular
geometries are seen to project. "Floating brain" or "jellyfish" UAPs are present as well,
characterized by a central mass from which multiple "arms" or spars hang downward.
Finally, combined shapes were also observed, including cubes within spheres, ringed
saucers, and various rectangular and cuboid forms.
Common Observable Behaviors and Characteristics of UAP/UFO Shapes Observed in
Defense HUMINT Dataset
Table 1: Sphere/Orb
Observable
Size
Speed
Signatures
Colors
Surface Details
Behaviors
Atmospheric
Phenomena
Biological Effects
Details
Sizes range from small objects to those several meters in diameter.
Capable of stationary hovering to rapid accelerațion; speeds surpassing
conventional aircraft have been noted.
Often lack conventional signatures such as heat trails; electromagnetic
effects on military electronics reported
Varied, with grey/metallic, greyish-blue, white/white-yellow, and
red/orange-red being prevalent.
Ranges from completely smooth and reflective to having visible
protuberances, appendages, concavities, and openings.
High maneuverability, including abrupt direction changes and the ability to
hover. Often observed to fly in complex geometrical formations and to
operate in tandem.
Occasional disturbances in cloud formations and 'heatwave' contrails have
been reported.
Close observers reported feelings of unease, and of electronic device
malfunctions.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1955, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Table 2: Disc/Saucer
Obseryable
Size
Speed
Signatures
Colors
Surface Details
Behaviors
Details
Generally, range from a few meters to over 20 meters in diameter.
Exhibits capabilities for both hovering and high-speed flight, often making
sudden sprints.
Radar detection varies, visual sightings more common. Some reports
include a humming sound.
Metallic silver or gray is common, though some have been reported as
emitting light or changing color.
Variations include smooth, featureless surfaces to those with visible
domes or segmented panels.
Sudden vertical ascents, hovering, and silent operation. Some reports
indicate the ability to become invisible or blend into the sky.
Instances of electromagnetic interference in nearby devices and vehicles.
Unique Emissions
Atmospheric
Phenomena
Visual disturbances, such as shimmering air or sudden fog formation.
Table 3: Oval/Tic-Tac
Observable
Size
Details
Lengths typically from 6 to 40 meters, maintaining proportional width and
height.
Speed
High-speed travel and instant acceleration have been frequently reported, with
no sonic boom.
Signatures
Colors
Surface
Details
Visual identification often notes a lack of contrail.
White or silver.
Uniformly smooth surface, with occasional reports of protuberances that could
be sensors, propulsion elements, weapons, or unknown technology.
Behaviors
Observed ability to hover and then accelerate suddenly. Some encounters
describe them maintaining stable positions despite high winds.
Table 4: Triangular
Observable
Size
Speed
Signatures
Colors
Details
Medium to large sized, ranging from F-16 to football-field size
Capable of slow, precise movement as well as rapid acceleration to speeds
beyond conventional aircraft.
Often reported to emit a soft, humming sound; may affect electronic devices
within a certain proximity.
Black or dark gray, sometimes with white lights at the corners and a central red
light; reports of "twinkling" stars across surface.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 2058, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Observable
Surface
Details
Behaviors
Unique
Emissions
Biological
Effects
Details
Some have been described with visible surface textures, like panels or ridges,
and occasionally stabilizers.
Hovering is common, as is silent flight. The ability to suddenly vanish or
accelerate rapidly is frequently reported.
Triangular UAPs often emit focused beams of light. Toroidal light patterns are
sometimes observed to emanate from a central point, leading to rapid
acceleration or disappearance.
Long-term psychological effects, such as anxiety or insomnia, have been noted,
alongside the feeling of 'being watched' or shared awareness with the triangle
UAP.
Table S:Boomerang/ Arrowhead
Observable
Details
Size
Wingspans can exceed 30 meters, especially for boomerang-shaped UAPs.
Arrowheads typically range from F-16 size to slightly larger.
Speed
Signatures
Exhibits both gliding at low speeds and the capacity for high-speed flight.
Visual sightings often note a slow, silent flight profile.
Colors
Typically dark, blending with the night sky, though some reports include
glowing edges or tips.
Surface
Details
Behaviors
Smooth surfaces with a notable aerodynamic design; the arrowhead types show
more angular features.
Known for silent operation and the ability to execute tight turns.
Unique
Emissions
Seen to emit a spherical 'ball' of light from the centerline, which partially
envelops the UAP during maneuvers, causing electromagnetic interference with
local technologies.
Table 6: Irregular/Organic
Observable
Size
Details
Highly variable, from small, compact forms to larger, more sprawling
Speed
Signatures
Colors
Surface Details
structures.
Movements range from slow drifting to rapid acceleration, often
unpredictable.
Some reports include unusual sounds or the absence of expected
aerodynamic noise; electromagnetic effects are common.
Often described with bioluminescent qualities or shifting colors, particularly
for "floating-brain" or jellyfish types.
Descriptions vary widely, from smooth, fluid-like surfaces to complex,
articulated structures:

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 492, "chars": 3386, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Observable
Details
Behaviors
Demonstrates a wide range of behaviors, from controlled maneuvering to
erratic patterns of movement. Shape-shifting abilities have been reported
Biological Effects
Observations include physical sensations of warmth or cold, unexplained
smells (e.g., ozone), and psychological distress.
Unique
Emissions
The floating-brain/jellyfish UAPs occasionally exhibit "patterned'
luminescence or fluctuating lights/colors (typically only visible in the
higher-end of the electromagnetic spectrum).
Atmospheric
Phenomena
Sudden temperature drops, and the appearance of clouds have been reported.
Examples of Defense HUMINT Reports on UAP:
Close Encounter by CVN Flight Deck Personnel: While on active duty in the Pacific, flight
deck personnel working night duty experienced a close encounter with a spherical UAP of
medium-large size. On-duty flight deck crew observed a small orange-red sphere maneuvering at
high altitude above the CVN. Shortly after first observation, the UAP rapidly descended from
high altitude to a position directly above the flight deck of the CVN (height approximately 100-
200 yards). The UAP maintained altitude and matched speed with the underway CVN for an
uncertain period; observing personnel reported altered perceptions of time during the close
encounter. The VAPs appeared to emit a soft orange-red light which, bizarrely, did no illuminate
the ocean or the flight deck of the CVN despite the visual appearance of intense luminosity. The
surface of the UAP was observed to be dynamic, 'roiling like the surface of the sun'. The UAP
took no reported actions during the encounter, only maintaining a close-in proximity to the CVN.
After an uncertain period, the UAP suddenly shot into the air, disappearing at a point high above
the CVN. Observing personnel felt as if they 'snapped out of a trance' and sense of profound
unease. The incident report concludes with noting that the CVN had not responded in any way to
what was perceived as a hostile interception by the UAP.
Metallic Orbs Intercept F-22 on CONUS Air Surveillance and Control Mission: While
performing à routine Airspace Surveillance and Control Mission in the Eastern Air Defense
Sector, an F-22 fighter observed multiple UAP contacts at mission-altitude. Moving to intercept,
the F-22 pilot noted multiple metallic orbs - slightly smaller than a sedan - hovering in place.
Upon vectoring towards the UAPs, a smaller formation of the metallic orbs accelerated at rapid
speed towards the F-22, which was unable to establish radar locks on the presumed-hostile
VAPs. The F-22 broke trajectory and attempted to evade but was intercepted and boxed in by
approximately 3-6 UAPs. One UAP maneuvered in proximity (>12 meters) to the area directly
starboard of the cockpit; there the UAP established a rigid spatial relationship with the F-22,
maintaining its exact position and orientation parallel with the F-22's cockpit despite multiple
evasive rolls and maneuvers. Surrounded by the presumed-hostile UAPs, the F-22 was forced out
of the mission area under the escort of the UAP formation.
Perimeter of Sensitive Facility Breached by UAP: At a military airfield located on the Eastern
Seaboard, ground personnel reported a lengthy, low-altitude intrusion late at night by a small,
spherical UAP. The UAP displayed visual signature management, appearing as a blurry sphere

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 477, "chars": 3408, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
around which light was distorted or 'bent"; this effect emanated outward from the central sphere,
giving the appearance of a heat-haze or misty volume of distorted light. Ground personnel
reported eyestrain, headaches, and a feeling of unease or dread while observing this 'dark
sphere'. The UAP was first observed while slowly crossing the runway, moving in the direction
of a sensitive area. Once across, the UAP hovered above a grouping of ground equipment, before
floating further towards a building within the sensitive area. The UAP then floated the building
before suddenly disappearing. Ground personnel were uncertain of the length of the encounter,
but estimated their observation lasted between 10 to 15 minutes.
Section 4: DoD Bureaucratic Records
Discrepancies found throughout the internal records of AARO and DoD interactions with
Congress cast serious doubts on the integrity of the DoD's statements to the elected leaders of the
United States Government. Extant transcripts held by DoD leadership show a pattern of
trivialization, obfuscation, and outright denial of UAP data in what were intended to be highly
classified, private, and transparent conversations with appropriate Congressional members. This
same behavior also prevents critical members of Congress from receiving an accurate assessment
of the national security risks posed by UAPs.
Specific examples known to the author include: denying the existence of multiple
Compartmented Access Programs (CAPs) owned by a Military Intelligence Agency which
directly related to the UAP mission; denying the existence of joint DoD/inter-department Special
Access Programs (SAPs) directly related to the UAP mission and the study of TUO; and finally,
the denial of the existence of IMMACULATE CONSTELLATION by DoD representatives to
appropriate Congressional members and their staff.
Separately, additional internal records confirm the claims of Mr. Lue Elizondo regarding
AATIP/AAWSAP's mission, activities, and findings. Additional documents support the
exceptional character and credibility of Mr. Elizondo, These non-public documents include
letters of conmendation, service award nominations, performance/promotion reviews, archived
email chains, and AATIP/AAWSAP program briefings which directly corroborate the public
statements of Mr. Elizondo. These records also provide additional insight into the activities of'
AATIP/AAWSAP, the evolution of the program's findings, and its interactions with senior DoD
leadership. Finally, these records provide insight into highly classified and suppressed areas of
scientific research and technology development, dérived from the study and exploitation of UAP
and NHI technologies.
Section 5: Restricted USG Historical Records
(G/00/162-78). This serial number corresponds to an official NSA report published in 1978. The
existence and content of this report was verified by accessing the appropriate intelligence
archives. The substance of the report concerns scientific research in the Soviet Union on the
topics of parapsychology, 'psi,' and biological effects of UAP on human beings. Additionally,
the existence of this reporting stream demonstrates that U.S. intelligence was explicitly tasked to
collect on foreign entities active in areas often relegated to the fringes of scientific research,
including parapsychology and the biological effects of encounters with UAP. The fact that

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 379, "chars": 2627, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
significant intelligence resources were dedicated to understanding and exploiting information
related to UAPs and NHIs highlights a strategic commitment to understanding the full scope of
VAP, NHL, and TUO. These and other classified accounts provide a rare public glimpse reveal
the contours of a secretive, decades-long competition between major terrestrial powers to collect,
exploit, and field novel technologies derived from the study of UAP and NHI.
Section 6: Signals Intelligence
A substantial body of sensitive signals intelligence collected from peer and near-peer countries
demonstrate foreign awareness of UAP events occurring over their sensitive military and
intelligence facilities - including nuclear weapons facilities. Due to the exceptionally sensitive
nature of the sources and methods involved, only general conclusions are provided here:
• Foreign countries are known to have observed UAPs whose signatures and behaviors
correlate to those observed by the United States.
• These UAP events are treated by the security apparatuses of each state as serious national
security threats due to UAP in proximity to sensitive military and intelligence facilities.
• These facilities are most often associated with aerospace defense, strategic deterrence,
and military-sponsored scientific research and development.
• On multiple occasions; each of these nations have attempted to intercept and shoot down
UAPs violating their territorial airspace, and the airspace over sensitive facilities.
• Foreign countries have internal organizations dedicated to studying the ambiguous threat
posed by UAPs, deducing scientific principles through observing UAP, and the careful
management of public perceptions of the UAP issue.
Section 7: Sensitive Sources
From mouth to ear.
VI. Conclusion
The official disclosure of the existence of Non-Human Intelligences (NHIs) and their presence
on Earth is a pivotal moment in human history. The nature of this information is of such
incomparable relevance to the public good that it demands to be shared. Some may object and
say that disclosure at this time poses too many risks. To them it must be said that we will never
be able to predict how individuals, families, communities, and nations will react to revelations of
such magnitude. Moving forward, we must guard against the lure of authoritarian solutions
justified by expediency and appeals to national security. The Good in humanity will always
triumph through time, and it is in moments of crisis that our capacities for achieving the
extraordinary are discovered. Be not afraid.
Scientia Igne Probata; Veritas Per Fidem

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 2, "chars": 12, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
4

Ht ape |
