{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T20:25:09Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 53565, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/unidentified-anomalous-phenomena-exposing-the-truth-hearing-november-13-2024-4.pdf", "source_sha256": "8b2086b457e2b0a372f634c4aec18966216b4a83044b27a8503f87a4471f3b42"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 292, "chars": 2085, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Written Statement of Matthew Ford
For the U.S. House Committee on Oversight and Accountability
Subcommittees on Cybersecurity, Information Technology, and
Government Innovation; and
National Security, the Border, and Foreign Affairs
Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena: Exposing the Truth
Monday, November 18, 2024
Chairwoman Mace, Chairman Grothman, Ranking Members Connolly and Garcia, and
Members of the Committee:
I am Matthew Ford, an American journalist, and host of The Good Trouble Show
podcast. Today, I am introducing damning information regarding the former Director
of the All-Domain Anomaly Resolution Office (AARO), Dr. Sean Kirkpatrick. I am a
patriot who cares deeply about our nation's security, but above all, I care about the
truth.
In November of last year, journalists Christopher Sharp, Josh Boswell, and I published
a story in The Daily Mail, exposing, for the first time, the CIA's Directorate of Science
and Technology's Office of Global Access and its classified UAP crash recovery
program. Last weekend, Christopher Sharp published a follow-up article in The
Liberation Times, providing further detail on how the CIA's Directorate of Science and
Technology operates its UAP-related crash recovery and reverse engineering
programs through the Office of Global Access and the CIA's Counterproliferation
Mission Center (WCPMC).
The head of the Directorate of Science and Technology serves as the primary
gatekeeper of the entire UAP deep-legacy program, overseeing operations such as the
detection of UAPs through classified platforms, recovery operations, disbursement of
recovered craft to government agencies and private defense contractors, and
protection of derived off-world technologies. My sources have alleged that_
the former head of the Directorate of Science and Technology, is one of these
gatekeepers.
Last year, I revealed that Dr. Sean Kirkpatrick, the former Director of AARO, had
assembled a secret technical advisory group to counsel AARO. Following my story, Dr.
Kirkpatrick confirmed the existence of this committee to members of Congress but

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1772, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
refused to disclose the members' identities. As of two weeks ago, my sources informed
me that this classified advisory board continues to advise AARO.
Multiple sources have confirmed that
the former head of the
Directorate of Science and Technology and gatekeeper of the UAP deep legacy
program, was hand-picked by Dr. Sean Kirkpatrick to be on this advisory board. I must
emphasize this: The most consequential person involved with the coverup of non-
human technology is "advising" the office which Congress has given a mandate to
find it. This is an abomination. This is unconstitutional. This is criminal.
Furthermore, this revelation is significant because one of AARO's primary missions is
to provide a means for government whistleblowers to make protected disclosures on
classified UAP Special Access Programs (SAPs) and Controlled Access Programs
(CAPs) to AARO and its staff. The fact that Dr. Sean Kirkpatrick chose as one of his
primary advisors the very gatekeeper overseeing CIA-controlled UAP access programs
raises serious questions about Dr. Kirkpatrick's true motives as the Director of AARO.
This reporting indicates that AARO may function as a flypaper operation, intercepting
whistleblowers' testimony and feeding their identities back to the CIA.
You have heard that there are whistleblowers who don't trust AARO. My sources have
informed me that this is one of the reasons why. If the CIA intercepts their testimony
before it reaches Congress, whistleblowers are in grave danger.
Therefore, I implore you to wield your subpoena powers against hostile witnesses
such as
the CIA's Office of Global Access,
depending on you.
and the former head of
Dozens of whistleblowers are
Thank you for your leadership and for your attention to this urgent matter.
