{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T01:48:37Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 21, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3274061, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/unidentified-anomalous-phenomena-exposing-the-truth-hearing-november-13-2024-14.pdf", "source_sha256": "729415b28e9195f6626e9eba07a9e110ecf68124a548764f0a6d13179176bc16"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 519, "chars": 3526, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The views expressed in this article are those of the author
and do not reflect the official policy or position of the
Department of Defense or the U.S. Government.
CLEARED
For Open Publication
Sep 06, 2023
The appearance of external hyperlinks does not
constilute endorsement by the United Slates Department
3 European/Italian UAP recovery?
of Defense (DoD) of the linked websites, or the information
products or services contained therein
The DoD does
Department of Detense
OFFICE DEER PUBLICATION AND SECUTE REVIEW
nerhanics. com/nulitary/research/a44466099/researcher-says-he
not exercise any editonal security or olher contral
over the information you may find at these locations
This vehicle was in an acorn or bell shaped as it appeared the edges broke off during its impact with
DoD Public Release Clearance is provided with the
ape would be lenticular, or saucer shaped with a raised center.
understanding that it does not abridge the privacy nights
e OSS and eventual landing on FDR's desk.
of any individual depicted in these photographs
not any
copynight protection of information
pholographs or animation
used in this presentation. nor any other provisions of law
I intent of the $22M allocated by Sen Harry Reid for the DIA
prehibiting public release
1 Program (AAWSAP)?
Open source ref: httos //www. ewyorker.com/magazine/2021/05/10/how the pentagon started taking
ufos serously (Reid confirms Lockheed Martin)
wttps//www.da.mil/FOIA/FOIA-Elect/onic-Reading Room/Filetd/170015/ (Sen Reid SAP Request)
Pages 152-153 "Skinwalkers at the Pentagon" (DOPSR Approved)
The $22M allocated for DIA AAWSAP, after speaking to multiple individuals on the program, was
originally intended to SCIF-out Bigelow Aerospace Facilities in Las Vegas due to a UAP material
divestment plan proposed to AAWSAP leadership by Lockheed Martin Space Systems Vice President
Dr. James Ryder (now deceased). A specific facility known to me was described as having crash
retrieval material from the 1950s and other historical operations. They proposed a technology transfer
agreement (TA) into the propose Waived PSAP Sen Reid was championing (See DIA FOIA release).
Unfortunately, due to the sensitive nature of the TTA, USDI and OSD leadership were not specifically
briefed on this proposal. This is why, in "Skinwalkers at the Pentagon", they approach DHS S&T, Tara
O Toole to set up a PSAP. Ultimately the original government custodian, CIA DS&T, disapproved that
transfer during a meeting with Glenn Gaffney while he was in that position. Instead, much of the
money was used to produce Defense Intelligence Reference Documents (DIRDs) to possibly show value
to the Legacy Program.
What do you know about President Obama and rump being briefed on Legacy Program activities as
defined in Sen Schumer's proposed unclassified legislation?
Open Source Ref: https://thehill.com/opinion/technology/4101345-non-human-intelligence-schumer-
proposes-stunning-new-ufo-legislation/
My sources with direct access indicated to me that President Obama requested a briefing post-
presidency after the NY AAIP/AAWSAP news broke and wanted to understand what information he
was not afforded access to during his administration. President Trump was briefed mid-way through
his administration by multiple CIA officers in an unofficial manner as the Legacy Program leadership
did not trust the President. The briefing President Trump was deeply disturbed by the contents of the
briefing and decided not to proceed with any disclosure activities at that time.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 300, "chars": 2159, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HEAT DARTERS DINITED STATES AIN TOHLE
WASHINGIEN
ICIAL INVESTEGATIOOD
99108801
DR/S
25 Hay 1950
File los
24-8-28
SUBJECT:
Summary re Deceaber 1946 - Tay 2950
herial Thenomena in the New
dexico Aren,
TO:
Brigadier General Joseph F. Carroll
Director of Sperial Investigations
lieadqunrters USAF
Mashington 25, D. C.
In a liaison moeting with other military and government intel-
ligence and investicative agencies in Decenter 1948, It was determined
that the frequency of unexplained serial phenomens in the New Mexico aree
was such that an organized plan of reporting these observations should be
undertaken. The organization and physical location of uits of this Dis-
trict were most suitable for collecting these data, therefore, since
Decemter 1948, this District has assumed the responsibility for colleot-
ing and reporting basic information with respect to acrial cheronens
occurring in this peneral area.
These reports have been distrituted to
the Alr lateriel Cernand, USAF, in accordence with Air IntellIgence
Requircants Ho, 4, and to other Interested flitary and goverzment
. agencies.
2.
There is ettached, as a part of this sumary, a compilatian of
aerial phenomena sintings that have occurred mostly in the New liaxico
area and have been reported by this District Office subsequent to
December 1948,
This comilition of sightings is not a conplete recora
. of all reported obarvations, but includes only these in which sufficient
information was available tr justity their inclusion.
The observers of
those phonemen include relentists, Social Agents of the Office of
Specinl Investinations (IG) US/F, airline pilots, military pilots, Los
Alamos Security Inspectors, military pernonnel, and mary other persons
of varions occupation whom relinlility is not questioned. This. con-
pilnifen sets forth thr mor important cinractorintics with respect to
each obscryation and evaluatos each sighiin, into one of three classifi-
cations, (2) treen firebail phonomenon, (2) disc or varíation, and (S)
probably motoric.
43= 83894-7553
an Aral, fis or the froen fireball
occurrences in thls-aren ando b: Dr. linolh laléz.
Dr. laFar ta tho
.1....
9
1.5028135

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2488, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
File No: (24-8)-28
Subj:
Summary of O acrvations of Acrial Phenomena +-
the New Mexi
Area, December 1940 - lay 195k
25 May 1950
Dircotor of the Institute of Icteorities and Hoad of the Department of
Mathematies and Astronomy at the University of Now Moxico.
He was Row
search lathematician at
the lieu lexico Froving Grounds under an ORD
appointment in 1913 and 1944, and Icchnical Diroctor of the Operationa
Analysis Section, Hoadquarters, Second Air Forec, 1944-45.
Since 1948,
Dr. LaPaz has sorved on a voluntary basis es consultant for this Dis-
trict in connection with the green fireball investigations.
On 17 February 1919 and arain on 14 October 1949, conferences
were held at Los Alamos, lieu licxico, for the purpose of discussing the
green fireball phenomena, Reprosentativos of the following organizations
were
prosent at these mectings: Fourth Army, Armed Forces Spocial Ten-
pons Froject, University of lew Mcxico, Fedoral Burcau of Investigation,
U. So Atomic Energy Comission, Univorsity of Celifornia, U,S. Air Force
Scientific Advisory Board, Grophysical Research Division Air Materiel
Connand USAF, and the Office of Spocial Investiçetions (IG) ISAF. •A
logical explanation was not proffered with respect to the origin of tho
green fircballs.
It was, hoovor, concrally concluded thet the pheno-
mons cxistad and that they should ba stuiied scientifically until theso
occurrences have been satisfactoril! erpleined.
continucd occurrence of unexplainod phenomena of this nature in the
vicinity of sensitivo installations is cause for concern.
-The Goophysionl Roscarch Division, Air leteric Command,
Cambrideo, Massachusotts, las recently let a contract to Lend-Air,
Hollonan TB, Alamogordo, New Mexico, for a limited scientific study of
greon firoballs.
The rosults of this scientific approach to the problem
will undoubtedly be of gruat valuc in determining the origin of these
phenomona.
This summery of observations of acriel phenomone has been
propared for the purpose of ro-mphasizing and reiterating the fact
that phonomena have continuously occurrod in the Now lexico skies
during the past 18 months and are continuing to occur, and, socondly,
that these phonomeno are occurring in the vicinity of sensitive m111-
tary and government installations.
1 Incls
1. Tummy of fightings
2. Photo of Sighting No. 175
w/comments
3. ltr Ir Dr. InPaz tooTt. Col
Rees, dtd 23 Pay 50
Graph indienting maximums
DOYLE/REES
It Colonel, USAF
District Conmendor
2
MAHAMAL
17.
2323:

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 155, "chars": 1129, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
one' pra dia 1a-d1o (tea 18 hop 46)
AND 7010
5-4-75
SAVE
HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
COMMMCATON
VOM 10 COMMANME
BIMBDAL 08 MATAN
COMMANT. ATENTION
ISDIN/HMA/18/6-4,700
TONY FELD, BATTON ONO
SEP 2 3 1941
SUMICT ANC Opindon Concerning "Plying Discs-
10:
Consending Geeral
Aray A1r Forces
Washington 25, Do C.
MITZIZION: Brig. Oeceral George Schulgen
10/15-2
As requested or 10/a9-2 there is presaated below the consterad
opinion of shis Comsand concerning the so-called "Flyiog Dises".
opian to based on jaterrogation report data furished by A3/25-2 and
preliainary atudies by personnel of T-2 and Aireraft Laboratory, Egineer
ing Rlvis10x T-3. Ihis opiaton was actived at in a conterence belarsen
persore, fron the Ar Institute of Teolmolo, Intelligerce T-2, O?81en,
Chlof of Engireering Dirdaion, and the Arealt, Porer Plant and Propeller
Lasoratortes of Dogineering Diviaton 3-3.
2. It is the opinion that:
a.
the phenomenon reported is somethin; real and not visionary
or fictitious.
There are objects probably approximating the shape of a
dise, o" sach appreciable size as to appear to be as large as rao-rade
Aircraft.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1744, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
hest is a possibility that nozo of lie facidento zay te
The reported operaties enaracteristlos sat en extreco
rate of atlab, antenneratillty (ticularly 1a roll), a action alict
ant no renasdares avasiva mien digita er contacted by friendly dit
exaít ard radar, let better to to posstastity wat some of the otherto
die cntration either permalia, auctically or 1e20tel-
ea Ibe apparent come description a the oblonto do an Inllcøgy»
(1) Metallle es Maht inflectus surpaco.
SECAST
SECRET
29 *9552
Bande the Is C0, 120,
to 0D, AAF, Mast. Do lin 4101 "ASt Outaton tod
(2)
Absence at trati, propt in a ton iratancom mtan loo
object apparently nas operatias under hieh porta
(3)
(4)
circular or elliptical to shape, Fat on botto ad
doned no top.
Several reporto e moll keit formation FlAin TArTINg
(5)
Mortalay do asscolated soux, excoot in three lastances
(6) Ieral titsht 5300ds Morally abora 300 kmto are noti-
waterta
I+
Te is possible dirt the present Do Sa litto ma
"ted artensive develled develop ant ia valerter" to coratract a
"lated atreat waith ba the senari description of the popect ta eut
paragrass (e) above waleh mould be repaolo of an aporaxinate ringo de
o0o idler et antaondo mayeds.
Any developments in this contes aton, the lines Indtontent
mula be estrtarly expensite, dina cossain an at tit considorable ex
pette ol curtent projecto and theretoro, 1l directed, siona do at up li
depradently el exiatine projects.
to be considerution mat be piven the fold lag
(1)
The pathility that thoda obleeta als at donsatio
edits o tita protest of son bist courty moject
not krom to 1/19 or this Dormand.
(2)
The lack of prosical evidence 1n the shape of crash
recovard ashibite mulch mnild undeniabiy proto the
erlatance at chese objectio

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 190, "chars": 1293, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(3)
The possibility that some foreigo nattoo has a foru
of propulsion possibly nuclear, which is outside o?
our domestic krowledge.
3. It 1s recommended that:
Headquarters, Arug Air Porces Large a diretire asling
a priority, security classification and Code Mum for a detailed stuty of
this matter to incude the preparation of complete aste of all available
and partinent data which will then be nice avallable to the Ang, Mary,
Atol: Snare Coralsson, JH03, the A1= Farce ScientIfle Advisory Orosp,
NiCA, and the RAID and ill projects for comerts and rococandattoos,
with a prellainary report to be formarded within 15 days of recept of
the data and a datalled report thereafter rver7 30 days os the interti-
-2-
0-39592
SEEnET
Baste Its tr C0, ALC, WP to CO, AAF, Tash, Doco subJ "AL Optaton com
cerning "Flying Disco"
gation develapa. 4 complete interchange of data ahould be effected.
lo Anasting a specifle directive ALC will continua the ioresti-
gation idthin its current resourees in order to sore closely define the
nature of the phenotent. Detalled Essential Elements of Infaratien
will be formated isedlately for transedttal thra channels.
Maing
Ileutenant Cereral, U.S.A.
Coera nd1 rg
COPY
THE RATTONAL ARCHIVES
-3=
Ra 18, Recorde a$ the
Army Alr Tosene
U-39552
RAG 0OO GENERAL "C*

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 314, "chars": 2211, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Best Pace!
SEP 24 1952
ISTORiNDULI FOR: Director of Central Intelligence
THROUG.
SUBJEOR
• Daputy Direator (Intellisence)
• Firing Saucers
Pacently an inquiry as conducted by the offico of Scientifia
Intolligence to deternino whether there are national security Inollertiona
In tho probleia of "unidentifled flyies cojocts," 1.en, Flying baudezos
whether adegunto study and research is curentlybelng directed to
this probler in Its relatton to such ratioral security soollertions)
and what further investigation and rescarch should be fustituted,
by whoa, and under what corter.
It was found that the only ulit of Governnent currently
tate, hnich
his charged the dir Technical Intelligence Certer (TIC) witt
responsibility for Investigating the reports of siahtingo. At APIC
thete is a group of threerofficers and tro secretarles to which cong,
through official chanels, 411 Torts or bightings... This group
conducts irrestlation of the resorts, consulting as required with
other 11" Force and civitian tootinica l
reporting system has been Instituted and rajor tir fores Bases have
been ordered to mate interceptions of unidentifled fying objecta;
The researon is being corducted on a case basis and is designed to
provide a satistectory em laration of esch individual sighting.
ATIC has concluded an arrangement ith Batvelle Monorial Institine
for the latter to establisha techire Indedng system for official.
reports of sightings,?"...
Since 1947, AFIC has rectred approdmately 1500 offlelal
reports or signtings plus an enorous volune of lotters; phone dallo,
and press reports. During uly 1952 alone, official reports totaled 250. -"
Of the 1500 reports, Air Force carles 20 percent as unes sened att
of those received from amary throush July 1952 1t carrles 26 percart;
In its Inguiry into this problem, a teau from CIl's Office
of Solontific Intalligence consulted with
* Force special Studies Group, discused the problem with those in charge
I the 115 Force Froject at "richt Patterson dir force siso; reviened
a corsicerole volute al intelligence robörtsy checked tha Soviet
press and broadcast indices and conforted with tree cai conaultants,
who tava brend toulodge of the technical areas concernede

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1841, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It was found that the All study is probably valid it th
urpose is limited to a case-by-case explanation,
However, that
study does not solve the nore fundamental aspects of the problem.
These aspects are to determine definitely the rature of the various
The CIA consultants stated that these
solutions would probably be found on the rargins or just beyond the
froatiers of our present knowledge in the fields of atmospheric,
Lonospheric, and extraterrestrial phencera, with the added possibility
chat the present dispersal of nuclear waste products night also
be a factor.
They recamended that a study grap be formed to perfora
analyze and systeratize the factors which constitute
the fundarental problem; -
deterine the fields of fundamental science which
must be investigated in order to reach än imderstanding of
the phenceena involved; and
rake reccrmendations for the initiation of appropriate
research,
or chaos 1 teeth, tea to. a tea such a grap cotta be ttuto
constanted et fast Institute.
Similarly, Project lincoln, the
Air Force's air cefense project at IT, could be charged with sane
of these responsibilities.
The flying saucor situation contains two elerents of danger
which, in a situation of international tension, hava national security
implications, These are:
a. Escholondon -With world-wide sightings reported, 10
Las found that,
up to the time of the-investigation, there had
been in the Soviet press no report or comment, even satirical,
on flying saucers, though Grayko had rade one humorous
oth State-controlled press, this
could result only from an official policy decision.
ques los, therefore, arises as to whether or not these sightings:
(1). could be controlled
40te M: A73P 31 *
(2)
could be prediated, and
(3)
could be used from a psychological warfara
point of view, either offensively or defensively.
Notarao

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 306, "chars": 1982, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The pubto concern ith the phenomenn, uhtch is refleotod bott
in tho Unitod Stter bross and ín tre
pressure of inquiry uoon tho
Ait forcs, incleates.
test a fair proportion of dur populattor
is tentally conditiored to the docéptance of the incrediole.
In this fect 1l0s the potontial for the taching-oft of nass
hysteria and panton .
A1r Vulnerebllltn - The United âtates dir Haraing Syaten
WII undeubtedly alinys depand upon a conbtratton of redar
ing and visual observation.
The U,S.S.R. Is credtted vita the
present capabllity of dellvering anair ättack ag inst the'
folteà states, yot at any. fiven acaont now, teere ray o
ourrent a dozen ofticial inldentifled sightings plug rang
unofticial cres.
it any nedent of ettacs, ve are now in a
position ipere he cannot,
on an instant tasis, distinguish
tardara fioz pbantas, and es tension gounts ve vil rua tas
Increasing risk os false alerts end the even greater danger
of falsoly identifying the real as planteo.
Both of these problecs aro primeriio operational in pature
but oscà contatis readily apparenu-întelligeroa factozs;....
Fran an operatioral polat of viet, thieà dotions are
requizedi
Icedtate steos shoula be täten to tuprove Idontiflcatios
of bota visual and eteotronlo phanton so that, ta the ovent ot
ex attadi, instont ană posttive identlficatton of erery planes".
os dissiles can be rade,
A study shaud be mittuted to deterina what,
if ery,-
atilizetion cora te rade of these phenoreta by Urited Statos
psycholöflal vartare planners end wat, T'any, defenses shoul
be planned în'antioipation of Borlet atteruts to uttlice tben,
Ia order to sininize risk of panto, a ratioral poltaj
sheuld be established es to vat should ba told the publio.
agarding the protonens.
9. ; Othes intolligencó problems" vaton roquire deterniratton
aret
• Ei+
Ihe présent-level of soviet knowledge regarding
aa i thesa penamezs;
Possible Soviet intentions and capabilitles to
atci lize those phenorera. to the detrinont of Krited States

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 84, "chars": 561, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Tho reasong tor silence ti the Sovlet press
togarding flying saucers.
Intolligence responsibilities in this fiold as regards both colleotion
and analysis den be discharged with raxtrun effectiveness only artor
much noro is known regarding the exact riture of these paeronera.
Lo 1 consider this proolen to be of such importance that it
should be brought to the attontion of the Mation Security Council.
In order that a carrunity ide coordinated effort tolards its solution
1ay ba Initiated.
trachale
BE PATHAL CHIDELU
Assistant Director
Selebtifle Intelligence

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1894, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OCT 2 1952
IELORATDUN TO:
THROUCH:
Director of Central Intelligence
Deputy Director (Intelligence)
Assistant Director, Office of Salentific
Intelligence
SUBJECT:
Flying Saucers
1. PROBLEM--To deterine: - (a) "nether or not there are national
security implications in the problem of "unidentified
flying objects"; (b) rhether or not adequate study and
research is currently being directed to this problem
in its relation to such national security inolications;
and (c) what further investigation and research should
be instituted, by whom, and under what eegis,
• 2. FACIS AND DISCUSSIOT-OSI-hes investigated the vork currently
being performed on "flying saucers" and found that the
Air Technical-Intelligence Center, DI, USA, Wright-
Patterson "if Force Base, is the only group devoting
eppreciable effort and study to this subject, that ATIC
is concentrating on a case by-case explanation of each
report, and that this effort is not adequate to corre-
*and-resolve the situation on an over-
221 basis. _ The current probler is discussed in detatl
in TA3 A.
3. COOLSIOSAying saucers! pose two-elements of danger
which have national security uplications.
The first
involves mass psychological considerations and the
second concerns the vulnerabilit; of the United States
to air attack. Both factors are anplified in RAB-A.
L ARE RECO ENDED(a)-That the Director of Central Intel-
ligence advise the National-Security Council of the
implications of the "ilying saucer" problem and request
that rescarch ve initiated,
1'5 B is a draft me.to-
•randwi to the SO, for the DCI's signature: (b) that « fEe
the DI discuss this suoject with the Psycholögical
Strate 20-A nonorardin to tre Director,
Psycholosical-Stratery foard, is atteched for sig
nature as TAB.C. (c) that CİA, with the cooperatior
of PS3 and other interested departents and agencies,
develop and recommend for adoption by the NSC a
25

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 84, "chars": 631, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
polley of pubzio infomation sich rill mininize conoern
and possible parta rosultins froa the nunerous slentings
of unidenthiied objecta. "
/Itan Ghadact,
- oto tane Mareko
Salontitio Intalligerice
ANTAST •*
IAB Arlenorandaa to:DOIF trongh DD5, Şubjects Flying
Saucers ....
IAB bi tetter to lationen securi ty Counoi vi th enelosure.
TAB Gillenoito-Drectox,: sycn0l0s10al Strategs Board ti, tin
enalosure"", ...
CONCURRENCES EGEr E
Dates
A tiss oe
TOYNS E. BECEF
Deputy Directos/IntelLigence
ACTICI BI APPROVING NU TORITS8
Dates
Approved (diseporovad). ....
MALTER S. SICI6.
mitoctos
tret."•
mo ina momo!
"..***
..:.
tai ine
*Titor

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 168, "chars": 1131, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLETTER EL. 700
MAY 1 2 1952/
SIPE I
[sir. Tedd
X1x/CI57
#x. Rosen
34 Traini
Mr. Atobt
I'cle Host
Hir. Mallorat.
Alas dead
FAI
AVANNAH
DIRECTOR, FBI
• 5-12-52
URGENT
7-58 PM
WED
SAVANNAH RIVER PLANT. ATOMIC ENERGY COMMISSION, ELYING DISCO AT
APPROXIMATELY TEN FORTYFIVE PM, MAY TEN LASI TOUR EMPLOYEES OF **
DUPONT CD., EMPLOYED DN SAVANNAN RIVER PLANT NEAR ELLENTION, 5. C-1
SAW FOUR DISC SHAPED OBJECTS APPROACHING THE LOUR HUNDRED AREA FROM
THE SOUTH, DISAPPEARING IN NORTHERNLY DIRECTION AT APPROXIMATELY
ELEVEN FIVE PM, ABOVE MENTIONED EMPLOYEES SAW TO SIMILAR OBJECTS
APPROACH FROM SOUTH AND DISAPPEAR IN NORTHERNLY DIRECTION. AT 5
APPROXIMATELY ELEVEN TEN PM ONE SIMILAR OBJECT APPROACHED FROM THE
NORTHEAST AND DISAPPEARED IN SOUTHWESTERNLY DIRECTION• ONE MORE
OBJECT SIGHTED ABOUT ELEVEN FIFTEEN PM TRAVELLING FROM SOUTH TO NORTK.
EMPLOYEES DESCRIBED OBJECTS AS BEING ABOUT FIFTEEN INCHES IN DIAMETER,
HIVING ELO TO COAT COLO LATE THOU AND SER BRAIN BRAT
WHICH APPROACHED THE! 94B, HUNDRED AREA FROM NE WAS TRAVELLING AT T
* ALTITUDE SO LOW II HAD IO RISE TO PASS OVER SOME TALL TANKS IN TOUR
NOISELESS.
_ MAY 20 1852
17

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 53, "chars": 321, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7<4,
PAGE TWO
BUT SEEMED TO HOLD GENERAL COURSE. ALSO STATID DUE TO SPEED AND
ALTITUDE THEY WERE ONLY VISIBLE FOR FEW SECONDS•
SAVANNAH OFFICE IS
NOT ACTIVELY CONDUCTING INVESTIGATION IN THIS MATTER AND 3S FURNISHING
THIS INFO TO BUREAU FOR WHATEVER ACTION THEY DEEM ADVISABLE
SCHLENKER
ACK AND HOLD
9-03 PM OK FBI WA SS

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1833, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2040 91/3
3:=3
fater
To r
rosa
May 25, 1939
Director of Speotal Inueatigationa
The Inspector Deneral
Department of the Air Force
The Pentagon
Foshington 25, Do Co:
John Edgar Hoover,
Tirector
Federal Bursou of Inusatgotfpn
Subject:
FUTING LISKSAEPOATELLI SLER
28
TICINIIT DE/SATAENAR RITZE PLANZ
ATOMIC ENERGI COLMIGSION
The Savannah Offsee of tha Bureaw haa been
formed shat at approstnately 20145 pay day.
. 20, 2952,
four,
employees of the DuPont Company employed in the
Savannah Bluer Plant near Ellenton, South Caroline,
four diat shaped objeots approaching
, "she four hundred:
-area" fron the south phlok disappacred in & northerly
diraotion.
At approzinately 21105 pemen the sane date
the above-mentioned emplogees som two einsict objeosa
approach froz the south and diaappear in a northerly
direction.
At approzinately 22:10 pana sinflor abject
Du these employeea approching from the north-
east and disappearing in a southwesterly direotton.
atellar object sas alas sighted about 11:25 pa Sraveling
Sron south to north by the sase employees.
The dlate were deacribed by the above-sentfoned
employees
a8 being approslaately fifteen inches in ofoseter
and yellow to gold fe color.
All of the objects are
allegedly traveling at a high rate of speed and at a high
altitude althout ong nofae.
The disk shaped objects
raferred to abave inton approached "the four hundred area"
fron a northeasterly direotton was reportedly traveling at
such a lo altitude ft had to rian to pare over; a0z0-4a2z
tanka
anton are in the four hundred area."
The esplovera
referred
to above adufaed
the. objects wers weauing from left
to right
but seened to hold o general course.
According $o
these paraona
beause of the speed of which the bbjects
traveling
they
BerT
arE only
olafble for a Le
6 9 1AY 29 19521
SECORIZE
PATION
MAY 1 5 1952
MAILED 25

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 79, "chars": 550, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ine aboue dato,
flatson reprenentatius,
te being furataãed lor your information and any cotton yor
desire to tate
in this esttar..
No investigotion da bajno
conducted DI thin
Bureau.
eo - Assistant Chief of Staff, 8-8
Departsent
is The Pentagon
of she Army
AttEntions
Chief, Intelligenor Diulason
Do « DITECION OF HaMaL LATELLIgEnDa
reportient of the Hauy
The Pentagon
dashington 85, la Fe
oD • Captate corn
• do
•Paters
Direstor of SaDurIty
BY SPECIAL MESSENGER
Atonfe Brargy Consterton
R0oE 8058•
Fashington,
SECUBIIY INTOSNATION - GONFIDEITISE .:

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 133, "chars": 950, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memór indum • UNITED STAL'S GOVIENMENT
I it not ranite
¡ Director, 78I
DATS: Octabor 16', 2050
• 4:51 to.
SUBS ADAR DEPOTION OF UN IDENTORTED
DETECTS OVER DAE BIDE, octobor I2,
15, 26, 2950
- PROTECTION OF VITAL IISTALLATIONS
*is aren
* ** = r
2..
Rotatol October 13, 1950.
Thoro is bette outaltied herosith a copy of tro roporta
ando by District Reprozontatire of the OSI, ith Diatrict, U. Br
Ait Fordo, vitt togard to the detoctioo of untdentiílod objorta
Dj the teane of radar, as set torta in ratorencad telatipo. Ihese
reporte contitue to not forth naditionel reporte concernine
midentifted objecto it the nix opace area over Det Bioga, Teznoreno
nich to dato have pot been expinined
Ho savestigation to being condunted by the Kroznilis 011100
in thin mattox, but any furthor intonation received tron ASI ot
traa CIC representatives vill be forundod finollatoly.
A25 MaiL
CCM: Jou
65-475
Eno.
RECORDED - 20
INDEXED - 28
14130213
SP4 1550

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2210, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PINTI AREA ONTICE fO
P. 0. BOX 379
IbOxTilto, Toren,
Incldont Roport
ARD PALHOL
Clasaiitontiaa
Int donttrlod Tiries Obloot.
Pereon Inrolvad
troopoI
I. De Breor
Addtesa
Iraopar Io D, Bysor
Badge to.
206
Torson taroIrãă
AddTOBE
Iraldoat roport l0.
142:30
Desto: Ootober 15, 19300%-
1ao: 3:25 P.M.
batilons
torr Falenay
"D' IzOOy
congen
cept, i. J. ZartoOl
lor
la6
46
Joha Moreymaker stoppel et torr Foilon esto uboro I van an duty potobor 15, 2930,
3:20 PaM.
Ho and I observal shat aspoarad to de e atruritor la tho nix. Io yas cas-
quartor ot the vay thronzt a lottor "0". Ino objoot appocrod to do 12, 000 to 15,000
qusntor ot a ullo loug, The csoto vas gravina tu patas. Iãa aolor af tha doûy et tao
#bloot vas silvos astrillo, Jan objoot garo ati no rosootion. It vau dull In appear
•atice.
then first obsorrod, it vas desorlblog an ars torard the sronnd. Hans thu
ab tot fallet to compinto the outaldo Joup, I mont into tus gato bouno to separt 1tá
spreareroo.
I vas ratas tão snons catt,.
Ia vatobel the ob joot continuo fovistard to
3,300 foot, At test altitudo, a socond objoct vas sottood alongeldo tho maoko trall, b6
Tho sooond objoot was the asue allo and stape and vas about 50 foot boxirt the tirat
objoot.
Iho sooond objoot appaarad to bo attecbad to tao fixst objoot'» enoto taril
with about an 80 dogtoe foruard thrust, yot tho soooad ob goot rat moring In the reme
Airpotion of tho first ob goot and not draving avay fron tho esako trail af tho flrat
dl toot too var it enould baro boen doing sooardiag to ite angle aud direotlos. at
thie aititado, bota objoots obarged trom a bullot auspo to a blaador abapo. Al6o, «1
1500 foat both ob sotu dogoa puiliug out of the rartionl dita, Durieg the anttry
donoant, both ob joots dimialabod in aito, Frau 1,500 foot, tha engio ti descont nau
about 4, dogrooß, At about 500 foot, tas sooaad or truiting objost dinapposrel., San
ob joot continuod dominant to a polsi morta of the portantos tonce arer lao roadury.
adont 50 perds tran tias patohonso tovari solvay bridga. tate vuo thoro tho abjent vas
"hon I asn out af the gatahouso, it thin tino, the obtoot had dimiatetos to ebont ax,
, isaber.
fraga f 1 de poatonio ( 11)
6:: 55360-131
of to ter teo

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 1980, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
16 October 2930
The filen
HERE OR MISERIOUS LYIN OBTEC
Purenant to roceipt ot a report trom John 8. Derla, Chios, Oat Ride
Patrol, ladloating that e mysterious firing objoot vas obverted 17
the riotsto of the sorr Hollow Maternoo a
oras intorrlevad bo I. I. Callaghan, hotlag caset,
Sour DIVISIOn, SEC, OBO, 1o tho prasonce ot A. I, Rydzeroll,
Boovelty Dirselon, ORO, end Charlos Joses, Socurity Agoat, Hazon
Construation Company, et approxiantolo 10115 pol., Outober 15, 1950,
#lettorior la as eloctrician employed dy tho Ilouriola Ilootrio Company,
uhich te undor auboontraot with the Maron Construction Company, Dox-
forming work ot tho I-29 piant.
Peato the folloving cocort or ILl Docerrationa.
the guard and another divilisa voro looking at. Io got out of the our
and poticed a milto apot in the aty, lo seld it vas
"antal high" and
morod Iron a position southeast of Korr folloy entranco in a vestori,
diroation toward the Plant Aroad. Ho notad that the exy van alser ard
tas objoot vas morols valto, not saiay end anittod so trail of esoto
did apperrod to baro to apperiagos. Be obserred too objoct tor sbort
5 minutes and contimel on ate vas to vork soforo the rbito obfoot
disapposral from niebt.
When ented west be thousat of the objoot,.
is rolstod that his
Iliat impronnion vas that it sigat to o toy bullon, bacause it Loabod
ete of tan airo of atapo of tas objeot, boreror ho indlental by lant
posturo thet it might baro boon about y lauber 1a ditaster aid probably
meo ta the atapo of a 4100 or ball,
modid that tas guid and citilla appoured to be exotted end
told him that when they tiest asy It, the objoct was "Quito big" and
that It sored along the road at vory lov altitute and that it suddonly
anoonded at as duglo to the point where they wore obserriag it at
too ties. Is stated that the guard ariginally saked him to look at
the on foot, just to maks aur tint to wasn't sorels tangining to as
spotag talags.
(Pago # 1 ol Inclosure f 10)
63558365-137
$7794

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 320, "chars": 2068, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20 ontover 1930
va folioniis to oxtractoù froe the Illon o the Boourity pattou,
Atonio toere Comminniony Dot Rider, Formerson. This topart uso origintly
an OST reporti
73.
At 2900 tours, 20 Amo 1049,
l, stato that at approxtantols
' 1200 hores, 19 Juno 1949, they cientad throo waldontstiod objocte
Iiret siletitol the objecte sid called l
attentios to
They vatoted the ol foots watll thoy cass into aloser rior.
Thoy describod tro of the objooto so being rootangular la stapo,
and idontical.
The salti objoct was descelbed an osroular is abapo,
and firing althor in botroon or alightiy aboro the tro rootangular
objocto. Ine tro rootangalar objocte appacrod to be Ilat ard
Floriblo. Too taird objoct vas flat but did not baro a floribio
apposreno. too restongular objeate la trareling, folloned a rata-
itko couro, and appeara to bo dart in aclor underoath, end ot
briest rotai finish aa top. Joir sorosento vero cardiantos, and
their sofloation in tratoling vas ligut and dark, Is rootangular
objocto soonea to dato an erou of tria lovi to tou aguaro foot.
Too atroulas objoot vas donceibod da boins the volor ol frontad
glass. This third objoot did sat follon the rora-Liko moreent
of the roatangalor objoots, but abintaliod a lonel Iliatit, Fearo
man no notao to indlonto don thoss objoota vote being Ironollad.
roy tensinod in vior tron, 10 to 15 minutes astor boing rigatos,
and rhes thet soon were traroling in a portiont dtrootion, Ductur
tito tilos the objoute all not appoor to altor gidi on 200z0
altitido, The roather too olor aith the excoption ol ties panttored
ornata cloudo, dad the vial reich no trom en castorty diraotion me
poxy alight.
*4. At 2000 botra, 20 Jaso 1949,
bl
catiod sor attration to the threo trios objoote oletted
Dy To ANOTBORs at ApiOxianteLy 1200 dotra, 19 Mido 1949, and tast
sao vstatoi the for approdontoly 10 minuteo, Mia, Matte's desorsutlos
and dstalle rearratos ton on foote more the earn so Mx, mind Hrs,
*5. Ten veltannons of thoro ob jooto ano roputablo sooplo, dad thatt
otatogents aro considorst 59l1abla.
65-58306-137

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 2243, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memorundum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO
DATE: September 23, 1957
PROM : B. B. Roach a
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORTED
ON SEPTEMBER 20, 1957; INTELLIGENCE
ADVISORY CONMITTEE DHATCH COMITTTEE
Boarddion
Belmont -
Mohr -
) Parsona -
Rosen.
Tomm
Trotter
Noose
Tele. Room -
The following information was obtained by Liaison
Supervisor M.W. Kuhrtz at the Intelligence Aduisory Committee - Natch
Committee special meeting on September 21, 1957, relative to the
captioned matter.
The initial report in thismatter was given by the
station at Montauk Point, Long Island, New York, at approrimately
4 p.m., proceeding in a westward direction with an altitude of
50,000 feet and a speed of 2,000 knots (approzimately 2300 miles per
Ine radar station at Montask Point maintained an image for
approcimately one minute, and thereafter it was picked up by a radar
station at Benton, Fennsylvania (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania), which
coincided with the Montauk Point pickup and was tracked by Benton for
approrimately 9 minutes.
Thereafter, jamming was reported by several
radar stations westward as far as Chicago.
The watch Committee at its meeting on September 21 was told
Dy the Air Defense Command that the original reports had been down-
graded, since there was an ll-minute break in the tracking by the
various rada stations, and further that weather stations; in the
area were of the type which have in the past produced false radar
"prips"
electronic information.
Also, there were. a number of
The tatch Committee as told that rese Contras t
Committee was told that the Air Defense Command has not
completed
investigation of this incident; however,
in any event
twas reported that the phenomena reported west of Buffalo, New York,
were not related to the object as reported by Montauk Point ard
Benton, Pennsylvania.
The Watch Committee concluded that,
"It is highly improbable
that a Soviet
operation
responsible for the unidentified flying
object reports of September, 1957."
The watch Committee in consideting
matter also concluded
no intelligence on Soviet
to a missile launching of this
HECORDED - 28
121422-189
1'-
Mr. Belmont
1
Mr. #. C. Sullivan
İNDEXED - 28
18 SEP 27 1957
-
Mr. D. E. Moore
- Mr. L Whitson
65. dit engsation
ripine
