{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T07:18:44Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1205971, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/unidentified-anomalous-phenomena-exposing-the-truth-hearing-november-13-2024-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "ba15effa35734130e7449b01f005d519e04fa2bbb46dd8ac1a50b6fcd224db4c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1815, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Written Testimony of Luis Elizondo
For the U.S. House Committee on Oversight and Accountability
Subcommittees on Cybersecurity, Information Technology, and Government
Innovation; and
National Security, the Border, and Foreign Affairs
Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena: Exposing the Truth
Wednesday, November 13, 2024
Greetings, Chairwoman Mace, Chairman Grothman, Ranking Members
Connolly and Garcia, and Members of the Committee. It is my honor
and privilege to testify before you on the issue of unidentified
anomalous phenomena, formerly known as UFOs. On behalf of our
brave men and women in uniform and across the intelligence
community, as well as my fellow Americans who have awaited this
day, thank you for your leadership on this important matter.
Let me be clear: UAP are real. Advanced technologies not made by
our Government - or any other government - are monitoring sensitive
military installations around the globe. Furthermore, the U.S. is in
possession of UAP technologies, as are some of our adversaries. I
believe we are in the midst of a multi-decade, secretive arms race
one funded by misallocated taxpayer dollars and hidden from our
elected representatives and oversight bodies.
For many years, I was entrusted with protecting some of our nation's
most sensitive programs. In my last position, I managed a Special
Access Program on behalf of the White House and the National
Security Council. As such, I appreciate the need to protect certain
sensitive intelligence and military information. I consider my oath to
protect secrets as sacred and will always put the safety of the
American people first. With that said, I also understand the
consequences of excessive secrecy and stove-piping. Nowhere was
this more apparent than in the aftermath of 9/11, which many of us
remember all too well.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 259, "chars": 1746, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I believe that America's greatness depends on three elements:
• a watchful Congress;
• a responsive Executive Branch; and
• an informed public.
Over the last decade and a half, I learned that certain UAP programs
were, and are, operating without any of these elements.
Although much of my Government work on the UAP subject still
remains classified, excessive secrecy has led to grave misdeeds
against loyal civil servants, military personnel, and the public - all to
hide the fact that we are not alone in the cosmos.
A small cadre within our own Government involved in the UAP topic
has created a culture of suppression and intimidation that I have
personally been victim to, along with many of my former colleagues.
This includes unwarranted criminal investigations, harassment, and
efforts to destroy one's credibility.
Most Americans would be shocked to learn that the Pentagon's very
own Public Affairs Office openly employs a professional
psychological operations officer as the singular point of contact for
any UAP-related inquiries from citizens and the media. This is
unacceptable.
Many of my former colleagues and I have provided classified
testimony to both the Department of Defense and the Intelligence
Community Inspector General. Many of us have subsequently been
targeted by this cabal with threats to our careers, our security
clearances, and even our lives. This is not hyperbole, but a genuine
fact, and this is wrong.
To fix these problems, I propose three principal actions:
• First, Congress and the President should create a single point-
of-contact responsible for a whole-of-government approach to
the UAP issue. Currently, the White House, CIA, NASA, the
Pentagon, Department of Energy, and others play a role, but no

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 296, "chars": 1911, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
one seems to be in charge, leading to unchecked power and
corruption.
• Second, we need a national UAP strategy that will promote
transparency and help restore the American public's trust at a
time when the public's trust is at an all-time low. This strategy
should include a whole-of-government approach, including the
academic and scientific communities, the private sector, and our
international partners and allies.
• Third, Congress should create a protected environment so
whistleblowers, desperate to do the right thing, can come
forward without fear. As it currently stands, these
whistleblowers suffer because of stigma, a code of silence, and
concerns about retaliation. These whistleblowers should be
encouraged to come forward in ways that protect them against
any forms of retaliation. Policies and procedures should ensure
that protection. And for those who refuse to cooperate, it is up
to the Members of this Committee and other lawmakers to wield
their subpoena power against hostile witnesses and prevent
additional Government funding to those UAP efforts that remain
hidden from Congressional oversight.
In closing, we as Americans, have never been afraid of a challenge. In
fact, we thrive on them. Whether it's eradicating polio or going to the
moon. We don't run from a challenge; we take it head on. To the
incoming Administration and Congress, I say to you, we need
immediate public transparency, and this hearing is an important step
on that journey. If we approach the UAP topic in the same way we as
Americans have met other challenges, we can restore our faith in our
government institutions. Together, we can usher in a new era of
accountable government and scientific discovery. I believe that we as
Americans can handle the truth. And I also believe the world deserves
the truth. Thank you, esteemed members of Congress, for your time
today. It is profoundly appreciated by many.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 173, "chars": 1308, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Truth in Testimony Disclosure Form
In accordance with Rule XI, clause 2(g)(5)* of the Rules of the House of Representatives, witnesses are asked
to disclose the following information. Please complete this form electronically by filling in the provided blanks.
Committee: Oversight and Accountability
Subcommittee:
Cybersecurity, Information Technology, and Government Innovation
Hearing Date:
11/13/2024
Hearing Subject
Government Transparency and Accountability of Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena
Programs
Witness Name: Luis Daniel Elizondo
Position/Title: Former Department od Defense Official
Witness Type: O Governmental
• Non-governmental
Are you representing yourself or an organization?
• Self
• Organization
If you are representing an organization, please list what entity or entities you are representing:
FOR WITNESSES APPEARING IN A NON GOVERNMENTAL CAPACITY
Please complete the following fields. If necessary, attach additional sheets) to provide more information.
Are you a fiduciary-including, but not limited to, a director, officer, advisor, or resident agent of any
organization or entity that has an interest in the subject matter of the hearing? If so, please list the name of
the organization(s) or entities.
Board Member of the Unidentified Anomalous Phenomenon Disclosure Fund (UAPDF)

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2485, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Please list any federal grants or contracts (including subgrants or subcontracts) related to the hearing's
subject matter that you or the organization(s) you represent have received in the past thirty-six months
from the date of the hearing. Include the source and amount of each grant or contract.
None
Please list any contracts, grants, or payments originating with a foreign government and related to
the hearing's subject that you or the organizations) you represent have received in the past thirty-six
months from the date of the hearing. Include the amount and country of origin of each contract
or payment.
None
Please complete the following fields. If necessary, attach additional sheets) to provide more information.
• 1 have attached a written statement of proposed testimony.
• I have attached my curriculum vitae or biography.
* Rule XI, clause 2(g)(5), of the U.S. House of Representatives provides:
(5)(A) Each committee shall, to the greatest extent practicable, require witnesses who appear before it to submit in advance
written statements of proposed testimony and to limit their initial presentations to the committee to brief summaries thereof.
(B) In the case of a witness appearing in a non-governmental capacity, a written statement of proposed testimony shall include-
(i) a curriculum vitae: (ii) a disclosure of any Federal grants or contracts, or contracts, grants, or payments originating with a foreign
government, received during the past 36 months by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness and related to the subject matter
of the hearing; and (ill) a disclosure of whether the witness is a fiduciary (including, but not limited to, a director, officer, advisor, or
(C) The disclosure referred to in subdivision (B)(i) shall include (i) the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant
thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the caring; and (li) the amount and country of origin of any
payment or contract related to the subject matter of the hearing originating with a foreign government.
(D) Such statements, with appropriate redactions to protect the privacy or security of the witness, shall be made publicly available
in electronic form 24 hours before the witness appears to the extent practicable, but not later than one day after the witness appears.
Oversight and Accountability
11/13/2024 — Government Transparency and Accountability of Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena Programs

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 48, "chars": 432, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
False Statements Certification
Knowingly providing material false information to this committee/subcommittee, or knowingly concealing
material information from this committee/subcommittee, is a crime (18 U.S.C. § 1001). This form will be
made part of the hearing record
Witness signature
11/10/24
Date
Oversight and Accountability
11/13/2024 — Government Transparency and Accountability of Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena Programs

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 440, "chars": 3066, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Louis 'Lue' Elizondo, Bio & Background
The son of a Cuban immigrant father fleeing Castro's regime and a mother who was a model and
artist, Luis "Lue" Elizondo was raised in South Florida. After graduating with a B.S. from the
University of Miami, where he studied microbiology and immunology, Lue enlisted in the United
States Army in 1995 and was assigned to Military Intelligence. In 1998, he was recruited as a
civilian intelligence officer into a sensitive U.S. intelligence program within the Department of
Defense ("DOD"), where he rose to Senior Intelligence Officer and Special Agent In-Charge.
Following the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, Lue saw service as an intelligence officer
supporting Special Operations and General James Mattis during Operation Enduring Freedom.
During tours in Afghanistan and the Middle East, he served as an intelligence Case Officer,
Operations Officer, and Battle Captain. Upon returning to the United States in the mid-2000s,
Lue oversaw counterespionage and counterterrorism investigations worldwide as a Special
Agent in Charge for DOD. From 2005 to 2006, Lue served in the Office of the National
Counterintelligence Executive and, from 2006 to 2007, in the Nation's most senior intelligence
department, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. In 2008, Lue was hand-selected
to return to the Pentagon to establish a law enforcement and intelligence information-sharing
office. It was then that Lue was assigned the position of Director, National Programs Special
Management Staff, in the DOD's Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and
Security. In this capacity, Lue managed a highly sensitive Special Access Program on behalf of
the White House and the National Security Council.
By 2012, Lue was the senior ranking person of the DOD's Advanced Aerospace Threat
Identification Program, a secretive Pentagon unit that studied unidentified anomalous
phenomena ("UAP"), formerly known as unidentified flying objects. In 2017, however, Lue
resigned from the Pentagon in protest of its excessive bureaucracy and compartmentalization
regarding the UAP issue. Since then, Lue has tirelessly led efforts to raise public awareness of
the UAP topic, engaging with Congress, the executive branch, the media, academic institutions,
the private sector, and global audiences to help to shape UAP policy. Recognized as a leading
expert on the UAP topic, Lue's media engagements include those with 60 Minutes, Fox News,
CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, the History Channel's Unidentified: Inside America's UFO Program, the
Washington Post, MSNBC, the Daily Show, and the New York Times. Lue is a New York Times No.
1 bestselling author and London Times bestselling author. Lue also serves on the board of
directors of the UAP Disclosure Fund, a nonpartisan, nonprofit foundation committed to
uncovering the truth about UAP through transparency, declassification, and political advocacy.
The proud father of two daughters, Lue resides in Wyoming with his wife, Jennifer, and their six
German Shephard Dogs.
