{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T04:49:33Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 19, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 305293, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/unidentified-aerial-phenomena-task-force-details-posted-within-intelligence-authorization-act-supplemental-report-for-fy-2021-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "8768a3b2a86a0e10bb71b9ca2cfb634f0c1698f3e67977cb78ddaf16ca52ff94"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 78, "chars": 609, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
116TH CONGRESS I
2d Session
SENATE
Calendar No. 477
REPORT
116-233
NTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOI
'ISCAL YEAR 202
JUNE 17, 2020.-Ordered to be printed
Mr. RuBIO, from the Select Committee on Intelligence,
submitted the following
REPORT
together with
MINORITY VIEWS
[To accompany S. 39051
CLASSIFIED ANNEXES TO THE COMMITTEE REPORT
Pursuant to Section 364 of the Intelligence Authorization Act for
Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111-259), the Director of National In-
elligence (DNI) publicly disclosed on February 11, 2020, that the
request for the National Intelligence Program (NIP) for Fiscal Yeal
99-010

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 233, "chars": 1716, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
ligence Authorization Act and has the legal status of public law.
The classified annex is made available to the Committees on Ap-
Senate and the House of Representatives and
to the President. It is also available for review by any Member of
the Senate subject to the provisions of Senate Resolution 400 of the
94th Congress (1976).
SECTION-BY-SECTION ANALYSIS AND EXPLANATION
The following is a section-by-section analysis and explanation of
the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (the "Act")
that was reported by the Committee.
TITLE I-INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES
Section 101. Authorization of appropriations
cal Year 2021.
Section 102. Classified schedule of authorizations
Section 103. Intelligence community management account
ection 103 authorizes appropriations for the Intelligence Com
unity Management Account (ICMA) of the ODNI for Fiscal Yea
2021.
TITLE II-CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT AND
DISABILITY SYSTEM
Section 201. Authorization of appropriations
ection 201 authorizes appropriations for the CIA Retiremer
nd Disability Fund for Fiscal Year 202
TITLE III-INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MATTERS
SUBTITLE A-GENERAL INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MATTERS
Section 301. Restriction on conduct of intelligence activities
Section 301 provides that the authorization of appropriations by
the Act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct
of any intelligence activity that is not otherwise authorized by the
Constitution or laws of the United States.
Section 302. Increase in employee compensation and benefits au-
thorized by law
he Act for salary, pay,
Act for saproy, dest, ret fems a, and other benefits for federal
employees may be increased by such additional or supplemental

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 297, "chars": 2108, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3
mounts as may he necessary for increases in compensation or ben
fits authorized (
Section al . Chaser foro Nat anthorties a te responsibicttes of Na.
Information Systems Security
Section 303 permits the National Manager for National Security
Telecommunications and Information Systems Security, as des-
ignated by National Security Directive 42 (NSD-42), to delegate
VSD-42 authorities to a Deputy National Manager,
ther delegation. Section 303 further reinforces the National Secu
(ISSP), but shall not supervise, oversee, or execute any aspect of
the National Intelligence Program (NIP) or Military Intelligence
Program (MIP), except as necessary to supervise, oversee, or exe-
cute the ISSP. Section 303 also provides that, upon such delegation
of authority, the Deputy National Manager may supervise, oversee,
or executor directe arin dispect the NP or ha exce super vise,
essary to supervise, oversee, or execute the ISSP.
Section 304. Continuity of operations plans for certain elements of
the intelligence community in the case of a national emergency
Section 304 requires the Directors of the Office of the Director of
ational Intelligence (ODNI). Central Intelligence Agency (CIA
ational Reconnaissance Ottice (NKU). Detense Intelligence Agenc
DIA), NSA, and National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) tr
stablish continuity of operations plans for use in the case of cer
tain national emergencies
as defined in statute,
and share those
with the congressional intelligence committees within 7 days of a
national emergency being declared. Furthermore, Section 304 re-
quires these agencies to provide the committees with any updates
to those plans as the conditions of the national emergency require.
Section Birector di aidioof Esecutive Schedule led Dilecop sitiva-
tronal Reconnaissance Office
Section 305
Sheil: the saient of an Chats Sacre lay. The ente
recognizes that this provision does not affect the current Director
of the NSA's military rank or pay. Section 305 is intended to pro-
Section 306. National Intelligence University
sepano facily Teamen grant, Section 306 la suis ains a

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 301, "chars": 2239, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4
independent, external board of visitors to provide oversight of the
NIU.
ection 307. Reauring facultation of establishment of social Medu
Jata and Threat Analysis Cente
Section 307 provides a requirement regarding Section 5323 of the
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 by requir-
ing that the Social Media Data and Threat Analysis Center be es-
tablished not later than 180 days after enhancement of this Act.
Section 308. Data collection on attrition in intelligence community
interest in joining
clearance process.
Section 309. Limitation on delegation of responsibility for program
management of information-sharing environment
ection 309 stipulates that the President must delegate respor
ibilities under Section 1016(b) of the Intelligence Reform and Te
rorism Prevention Act of 2004 to an official other than the ODNI
on or after October 1, 2020.
Section 310.
Improvements to provisions relating to intelligence
community information technology environment
Section 310 streamlines current reporting requirements by re-
quiring the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to develop and
maintain a long-term roadmap for the Intelligence Community In-
formation Technology Environment (IC ITE). Section 310 further
requires the DNI to develop and maintain a business plan to imple-
ment the long-term IC ITE roadmap.
Section 311. Requirements and authorities for Director of the Cen-
mates, enema he are, and the duce
ral Intelligence Agency to improve education in science, tech-
Section 311 ensures that the Director of the CIA has the legal
authorities required to improve the skills in science, technology, en-
gineering, arts, and mathematics (known as STEAM) necessary to
meet long-term national security needs.
SUBTITLE B—INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY
Section 321. Prohibition against disclosure of whistleblower identity
as reprisal against whistleblower disclosure by employees and
contractors in the intelligence community
ection 321 adds to prohibited personnel practices a knowing
illful or negligent disclosure that reveals an IC Whistleblower'
identifying information without consent. Section 321 further pro-
vides an IC Whistleblower with a private right of action if such dis-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 354, "chars": 2490, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5
closure is taken as a reprisal against the IC Whistleblower for
bringing a complaint.
Section 322. Clarification of standards regarding whistleblower
complaints and information of urgent concern received by In-
spector General of the Intelligence Communiti
Section 322 clarifies the definition of 'urgent concern" regardins
whistleblower complaints and ensures that the Inspector General
of the Intelligence Community (IC IG) has authority over deter-
mining whether a matter falls within the "urgent concern" defini-
Section 323. Clarification regarding submittal of complaints and in-
formation by whistleblowers in the intelligence community to
Congress
Section 323 clarities that IC Whistleblowers can give their com
plaints to the intelligence committees—as long as the complaint is
provided to both Chairman and Vice Chairman or Ranking Member
or designated nonpartisan staff—regardless of whether they are de-
termined to be urgent concerns. Section 323 further provides new
security protocols in the instances where complaints include classi-
fied information.
Section 324. Limitation on sharing of intelligence community whis-
tleblower complaints with persons named in such complaints
324 prohibits Federal government agents and employees
from sharing
an IC Whistleblower complaint that has been sub-
mitted to an
plaint, unless the IC Whistleblower provides written consent or in-
formation sharing is required as part of the investigation. Section
324 further provides that any violation is subject to criminal fines
and/or two-year imprisonment and requires notification to the con-
gressional intelligence committees.
SUBTITLE C—REPORTS AND ASSESSMENTS PERTAINING TO THE
INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY
Section 331. Assessment by the Comptroller General of the United
States on efforts of the Intelligence Community and the Depart
ment of Defense to identity and mitigate risks posed to the Intel-
ligence Community and the Department of Defense by the use
of direct-to-consumer genetic testing by the Government of the
People's Republic of China
Section 331 directs the Comptroller General to assess efforts in
he IC and Department of Defense (DoD) to identify and mitigate
the risks posed to the IC and DoD by direct-to-consumer genetic
testing by the Government of the People's Republic of China. Sec-
tification and mitigation of such risks and vulnerabilities, and rec-
ommendations for the IC and DoD to improve identification and
mitigation of such risks and vulnerabilities.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 2290, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6
Section 332. Report on use by intelligence community of hiring flexi-
bilities and expedited human resources practices to assure qual-
ity and diversity in the workforce of the intelligence community
Section 332 requires the DNI to submit a report describing how
IC elements are exercising hiring flexibilities and expedited human
resources practices attorded under 5 U.S.C. S3326 and related reg.
ulations, including the identification of any obstacles encountered
by the IC in exercising such authorities.
Section 333. Report on signals intelligence priorities and require-
ments
fied annex.
Section 334. Assessment of demand for student loan repayment pro-
gram benefit
Section 334 requires the head of each IC element to calculate the
The information
provided will include rec-
ommendations for how to optimize participation and enhance the
effectiveness of the benefit as a retention tool, to identify any short-
fall in funds or authorities needed to provide such benefit, and to
include such materials with the budget request for Fiscal Year
2022.
Section 335. Assessment of intelligence community demand for child
care
335 requires the DNI in coordination with the heads of
other IC elements to provide a report that includes: a calculation
of the total annual demand for child care by employees at NSA
NGA, DIA, NRO, CIA, and ODNI; an identification of any short-
falls between demand and the child care support by these IC ele
ments; an assessment of options for addressing any such shortfall
identification of the advantages, disadvantages, security re-
quirements, and costs associated with each option; a plan to meet,
within five years after the date of the report,
the demand for
childcare, and an assessment of specific considerations that impact
the alternatives available to these IC elements.
Section 336. Open source intelligence strategies and plans for the in-
telligence community
Section 336 requires the DNI in coordination with the heads of
or the lane to elate the bant f the open saure nun.
prise (OSE). Based on such findings, it further mandates the DNI
shall develop, in coordination with the heads of each IC element,
• strategy for open source intelligence collection, analysis, and pro
luction across the IC: create a plan for improving usability of the

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 294, "chars": 2002, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7
OSE; and conduct a risk and benefit analysis of creating an inde-
portin he indee hora salad data reparate pe the pre
a centralized data repository of open source
modi chat overler and sure intien investment ne
each IC element for the beneficial use of the entire IC. It also re-
congressional intelligence committees on the progress devel-
oping the aforementioned plans.
Section 337. Plan for establishing an element of the intelligence
community within the United States Space Force
ection 3o/ requires the DNI and the Under secretary of De
ense for Intelligence and Security, in coordination with the Sec
retary of the Air force and the Chiet of Space Uperations, to sub
mit a plan for establishing an element of the IC within the United
States Space Force.
TITLE IV-SECURITY CLEARANCES AND TRUSTED WORKFORCE
Section 401. Exclusivity, consistency, and transparency in security
clearance procedures, and right to appeal
Section
• 401 requires the Executive Branch to publish adjudica-
ive guidelines for determining eligibility to access classitied intor
mation and makes these guidelines the exclusive basis for grantins
denying, and revoking clearances in order to increase transparency
sibly & em no one to a come act pant section 40 ale,
and accountability,
Pon i can pand ands val a an employing agency for realit
Secticat102. Establishing process parity for security clearance rev-
Section 402 requires an agency,
onstrate by clear and convincing evidence that the agency would
have made the same security clearance or access determination in
the absence of the whistleblower's disclosure. Section 402 estab
lishes parity in the legal standards applied to IC Whistleblower
Section 403. Federal policy on sharing of derogatory information
pertaining to contractor employees in the trusted workforce
Section 403 requires the DNI to issue a policy within 180 days
of enactment that facilitates sharing of derogatory information the
threat programs. The policy must comport with privacy rights,

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 274, "chars": 2044, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8
allow individuals to verify the information, and stipulate that such
sharing is only for purposes of security risk mitigation.
TITLE V-REPORTS AND OTHER MATTERS
Section 501. Secure and trusted technology
Section 501 establishes a Communications Technology Security
and Innovation Fund to support the development and deployment
tilateral Telecommunications Security Fund to support the adop-
tion of secure and trusted communications technologies in key mar-
kets globally. Section 501 authorizes up to $750,000,000 for each
and requires the administrators of each fund to provide an-
nual reports to Congress detailing the use of proceeds.
Section 501 further requires the DNI to submit a report on polit
ical influence by adversarial nations within international forums
that set standards for fifth-generation and future generations of
International Telecommunication
Union (1TU), International Organization for Standardization (SO),
Inter-American Telecommunication Commission (CITEL), and 3rd
Generation Partnership Project (3GPP). Section 501 also requires
the DNI and Secretary of Defense to jointly submit a report on de-
veloping federal wireless network testbeds for development of fifth-
generation technologies for U.S. military and dual-use applications
using open
standards-based
compatible,
interoperable
equipment. This report should include an assessment of efforts bj
governments
to build wireless network testbeds for
virtualized telecommunication technologies. Both reports shall be
in unclassified form with a classified annex, if required.
Section 502. Report on attempts by foreign adversaries to build tele-
communications and cybersecurity equipment and services for,
or to provide such equipment and services to, certain allies of
the United States
Section 502 requires the CIA, NSA, and DIA to submit to the
congressional intelligence and armed
mitigation options.
Section 03. Rep of con therets posed by use by foreign overn euts.
veillance technology
Section 503 requires the DNI to submit a report to the congres-

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 347, "chars": 2463, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Section 504. Reports on recommendation of the Cyberspace Solar-
ium Commission
ection 504 reauires the ODNI. Department of Homeland Secu
itv (acting throuch the Under Secretarv of Homeland Securitv fo
Intelligence and Analysis), Department of Energy (acting through
the Director of Intelligence and Counterintelligence of the Depart-
ment of Energy), Department of Commerce, and DoD to report to
Congress their assessment of the recommendations submitted by
the Cyberspace Solarium Commission pursuant to Section 1652(j)
of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA)
for Fiscal Year 2019, and to describe actions that each agency ex-
pects to take to implement these recommendations.
Section 505. Assessment of critical technology trends relating to ar-
tificial intelligence, microchips, and semiconductors and related
supply chains
Section 505 requires the DNI to complete an assessment of ex-
port controls related to artificial intelligence (AI), microchips, ad-
manufacturing
equipment,
and other Al-enabled tech-
nologies, including the identification of opportunities for further co-
operation with international partners.
Section 506. Duty to report counterintelligence threats to campaigns
Section 506 requires that Federal presidential campaigns must
a foreign principal as
defined in the Foreign Agent Registration
on ingluded in the list of specially designated nationals or blocer
on included in the list oi s
person by the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Asset Con-
trol. Section 506 further requires Federal campaigns to establish
policy to retain and preserve records related to reportable foreign
contacts for not less than
alties for willful violations of this section.
Section 507. Combating Chinese influence operations in the United
States and strengthening civil liberties protections
in So is.. 5237de on ditional reQuirements and Camal rens is
the United States by the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) by man-
dating an identification of influence operations by the CCP against
the science and technology sector in the United States. Section 507
Section 507 requires the FBI, in consultation with the Assistant At-
torney General for the Civil Rights and the Chief Privacy and Civil
Liberties Officer of the Department of Justice, to develop rec-
ommendations to strengthen relationships with communities tar-
geted by the CCP and to build trust with such communities
through local and regional grassroots outreach.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 377, "chars": 2549, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
Section 508. Annual report on corrupt activities of senior officials of
the Chinese Communist Party
Section 508 requires the CIA, in coordination with the Depart-
ment of Treasury's Office of Intelligence and Analysis and the FBI,
to submit to designated congressional committees annually through
2025 a report that describes and assesses the wealth and corrup-
tion of senior officials of the Chinese Communist Party (ССР), as
well as targeted financial measures, including potential targets for
designation. Section 508 further expresses the Sense of
Congress that the United States should undertake every effort and
ursue every opportunity to expose the corruption and Illicit prac-
lices of senior officials of the CCP, including President Xi Jinping
Section 509. Report on corrupt activities of Russian and other East-
ern European oligarchs
Section 509 requires the CIA, in coordination with the Depart-
ment of the Treasury's Office of Intelligence and Analysis and the
FBI, to submit to designated congressional committees and the
Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy, a report that de-
scribes the corruption and corrupt or illegal activities among Rus-
sian and other Eastern European oligarchs who support the Rus-
sian government and Russian President Vladimir Putin, and the
impact of those activities on the economy and citizens of Russia.
Section 509 further requires the CIA, in coordination with the De-
artment of Treasury's Office of Intelligence and Analysis, to de
scribe potential sanctions that could be imposed for such activities
Section 510. Report on biosecurity risk and disinformation by the
Chinese Communist Party and the Government of the People's
Republic of China
Section 510 requires the DNI to submit to the designated con-
gressional committees a report identifying whether and how CCP
officials and the Government of the People's Republic of China may
have sought to suppress or exploit for national advantage informa-
tion regarding the novel coronavirus pandemic, including specific
related assessments. Section 510 further provides that the report
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may have a classified
Section 511. Report on effect of lifting of United Nations arms em-
bargo on Islamic Republic of Iran
Section 511 requires the DIA to submit to designated congres
ional committees a report on the Government of the Islamic Re
curity and stability.
Section 512. Report on Iranian activities relating to nuclear non-
proliferation
Are time Repil or ten an any coloran fores to ate ne

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 177, "chars": 1277, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11
deny international access to related facilities in accordance with
international non-proliferation agreements.
Section 513. Sense of Congress on Third Option Foundation
ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018, 2019, and 2020,
which provided special rules for certain monthly workers' com-
pensation payments and other payments to CIA personnel.
COMMITTEE COMMENTS
Equitable Treatment of Relocation Costs for Intelligence Community
Civilians
As demonstrated in The Intelligence Community Workforce Agil-
and make a permanent to george in one py end poston.
The Committee recognizes such relocations pose significant finan-
cial hardships for the IC civilians who move their families to serve
leir country. Current law provides military members with exem
ons from effective tax penalties for such relocations. but IC civi
ans have no similar exemptions, thus undermining the lus abilit
) recruit and maintain a hichlv aualified and motivated workforc
Community Worktorce Agility Protection Act ot
this matter.
Advanced Aerial Threats
The Committee supports the efforts of the Unidentified Aerial
Phenomenon Task Force at the Office of Naval
Intelligence to
issue has lacked attention from senior leaders.
Therefore, the Committee directs the DNI, in consultation with

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 2303, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12
a. geospatial intelligence;
b. signals intelligence;
c. human intelligence; and
. measurement and signals intelligence
3. A detailed analysis of data of the FBI, which was deriver
from investigations of intrusions of unidentified aerial phe-
nomena data over restricted United States airspace;
Plented eat lenn reper for a Rain cover.
ment, regardless of which service or agency acquired the infor-
5. Identification of an official accountable for the process de-
scribed in paragraph 4;
6. Identification of potential aerospace or other threats posed
by the unidentified aerial phenomena to national security, and
an assessment of whether this unidentified aerial phenomena
activity may be attributed to one or more foreign adversaries
7. Identification of any incidents or patterns that indicate a
potential adversary may have
achieved breakthrough aero-
space capabilities that could put United States strategic or con-
ventional torces at risk; and
eS. need resendat an earlopm increased collectial of data,
and other resources.
The report shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may in-
clude a classified annex.
Coordination of Security for Domestic Military Installations and
Other Facilities
The Committee is concerned that, as a result of several recent in-
cidents of attempted unauthorized access to Naval Air Station Key
West and Fort Story, Virginia by Chinese nationals, several secu-
rity vulnerabilities have been discovered. Foreign adversaries may
be systematically probing military installations and facilities, and
it is important that the Department of Defense take responsibility
for ensuring security measures are adequate, unauthorized ac-
cesses are tracked, and uniform
reporting requirements for at-
tempted unauthorized accesses are established.
Therefore, the Committee directs the Under Secretary of Defense
for Intelligence and Security (USD(I&S)), in coordination with the
DNI and the Director of the FBI, to establish within the Office of
the USD(I&S) a designee responsible for coordination of security
for domestic military installations and other domestic military fa-
cilities. Specifically,
the designee's responsibilities shall include
tracking unauthorized incursions into domestic military installa-
tions and facilities and attempts at such incursions.

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2765, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
13
The Committee further directs that, within 180 days of enact-
ment of this Act, such individual shall develop a strategy for secu-
that defines the capability
equirements, responsibilities, and processes for security and coun
erintelligence for domestic military installations and other domes
tic military facilities. In addition, not less frequently than once
each
the Under Secretary
in consultation with the
heads of other appropriate elements of
the DoD and the IC, brief
the intelligence and armed services committees on the:
1. Activities of the designee; and
2. Current and anticipated trends and developments in con-
nection with security for domestic military installations and
other domestic military facilities.
Processing,
essing, a ploiti of and Digoreminition We mizosion and nat
Team of the Department of Defense
The Committee is concerned with the intelligence silos that have
resulted from isolated procurement programs that store data in in-
dividual repositories, each with its own set of cataloging procedures
and proprietary technologies. This, in turn, potentially limits ad-
vantageous communications among databases, causes vital intel-
to go undetected, and causes duplication of separately-lo
cated analysts' efforts in reviewing other, less vital, intelligence in-
Therefore, the Committee directs the head of the Algorithmic
Warfare Cross-Functional Team, as established in the Department
of Defense by memorandum dated April 26, 2017, to submit to the
congressional intelligence and armed services committees within
180 days of enactment of the Act, a report that includes:
1. Recommendations for the delineation of efforts between
and the Joint Artificial Intelligence Center, espe-
cially with respect to data labeling, testing and evaluation;
2. Recommendations for resource sharing across the intel-
ligence community for test and
• evaluation as Project Maven
transitions its independent lines of effort;
3. The plan of the Team to integrate unsupervised artificial
intelligence algorithms (e.g.,
algorithms that learn from data
without being trained, allowing the artificial intelligence to
self-improve) into Project Maven;
4. The plan of the Team to incorporate independent data re-
positories located across the intelligence community, irrespec-
tive of the element providing the data or the domain they are
resident to, into Project Maven; and
5. The plan of the Team to ensure that development of Proc-
essing, Exploitation, and Dissemination technology that will fa-
cilitate and enhance the capability of analysts to rapidly search
across near real-time sensors, leverage historical data, and
identify valuable intelligence is incorporated into the Defense
Intelligence Agency Machine-assisted Analytic Rapid-repository

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 229, "chars": 1637, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14
Plan for Assessing Government Agency Counterintelligence
Therefore, the
tional Counterintelligence and Security Center to develop a plar
within 90 days of enactment of this Act for assessing the effective-
the periodicity for updated assessments;
annual costs to conduct these assessment and any recommendatior
for a cost recovery mechanism.
Security Clearance Procedures and Rights to Appeal
ection 401 of the Act provides appeal rights and procedures to
ecurity clearance eligibility determinations. This provision is no
intended to impede agency decisions regarding access to classified
election on one-time readin pose ecific event or that an
election or one-time read-ins for a specific event or threat).
committee does, however
and cittently informed of any it ited pesose of duration grants
of access. Finally,
the Committee expects the DNI-level appeals
panel concedes have erinenandy and undi chose meets that the
Supporting Industry during Coronavirus
Congress
assed the Coronavirus Aid, Reliet, and Economic Secu
ity Act (CARES Act) in March 2020 to provide necessary assis
nce to the American economy during the coronavirus pandemi
n important element of that Act was Section 3610, which provide
tractor facilities, cost reimbursement methodology, adjustments in
payment plans,
and adjustments
ance, is essential to reducing uncertainty
inty sac sustaining a vibrant
ture national emergency.
Efficient Use of Sensitive Compartmented Information Facilities
lenges to the utilization of Sensitive
les to the uttlization or ensitive there are ented stormation
Facility (SCIF) spaces by multiple programs among IC and Depart-

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2260, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
15
ment of Defense components and their appropriately cleared gov-
ernment contractors. These challenges result in inefficient use of
octant to slassifted lebration and related ee neith by sharing
SCIF spaces.
Therefore,
the Committee
directs the DNI, in consultation with
agents any he aparady leaned antact to proment
agencies and their
use, and discuss sensitive compartmented information (SCI)
at facilities previously approved to handle SCI, without need for
further approval by agency or by site. This guidance shall apply to
IC-controlled access programs and DoD special access pro-
grams.
COMMITTEE ACTION
onsider the bill and
Asider the bill and amendments. The Committee totke me tot-
lowing actions:
Votes on amendments to the committee bill and the classified annex
sy unanimous consent, the Committee made the Acting Chair-
nan and Vice Chairman's bill, together with the classified annex
for Fiscal Year 2021, the base text for purposes of amendment.
By voice vote, the Committee adopted en bloc three amendments
to the classified annex, as follows: (1) a second-degree amendment
by Acting Chairman Rubio; (2) an amendment by Acting Chairman
Rubio; and (3) a second-degree amendment by Senator Sasse.
By voice vote, the Committee adopted en bloc five amendments
to the bill, as follows: (1) an amendment by Senator Burr and co
sponsored by Vice Chairman Warner, to improve provisions relat-
to the IC Information Technology Environment; (2) an amend-
ment by Senator Risch and cosponsored by Senator King, to require
reporting on Cyberspace Solarium Commission recommendations;
(3) a second-degree amendment by Acting Chairman Rubio and co-
ponsored by Senators Risch, Blunt, Cotton, Cornyn, and Sasse, to
improve Section 322: (4) an amendment by Senator Bennet and co-
sponsored by Vice Chairman Warner and Senators Cotton and Cor-
nyn, to require an assessment of critical technology trends related
to artificial intelligence; and (5) an amendment by Senator Cotton
to require a report on Iranian activities relating to nuclear non-
proliferation.
term national security needs.
By voice vote, the Committee adopted a second-degree amend-
companted by Senato Cline and are that yegue Faeral
emply impaid vilice tom at reporting requirements and

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 149, "chars": 931, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
16
Oronster do senators Colin a Ben, and by and
osponsored bv Senators Collins an‹
second-degree amendment. The
By a vote of 7 ayes and 8 noes,
Votes to report the committee bill
mended, ba 20ze of 4 yes and e ted the votes it perio
by proxy were as follows: Acting Chairman Rubio-aye; Senator
Burr-aye; Senator
Blunt—aye; Senator Cotton—aye; Senator Cornyn-aye; Senator
Sasse—aye; Vice Chairman Warner-aye; Senator Feinstein—aye;
Senator Wyden—no; Senator Heinrich—aye; Senator King-aye;
unanimous consent.
technical and conto inCome oute bill deled
annex.
COMPLIANCE WITH RULE XLIV
Lex en and report son enging the bi. Conscie win bed
eterred ation of the smitten nots one tear con iness deale
rected spending items or earmark;
ton to contain no becond a bets of site it bents.
ESTIMATE OF COSTS
mitted this bill to the Congressional Budget Office and requested
an estimate of the costs incurred in carrying out the unclassified

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 77, "chars": 484, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
17
EVALUATION OF REGULATORY IMPACT
n accordance with paragraph 11(b) of rule XXVI of the Standin
Rules of the Senate,
he Committee finds that no substantial regu
latory impact will be incurred by implementing the provisions of
this legislation.
CHANGES TO ExISTINg LAW
In compliance with paragraph 12 of rule XXVI of the Standing
Rules of the Senate, the Committee finds that it is necessary to dis
pense with the requirement of paragraph 12 to expedite the busi-
ness of the Senate.

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 379, "chars": 2736, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MINORITY VIEWS OF SENATOR WYDEN
1 voted against the Fiscal Year
2021 Inite lige ste Authorization Act because the lo ears of reped to,
etorm a broken, costly declassitication system.
rom the Information Security Oversight Office (ISOO) and the
Interest Declassification
Board (PIDB), have documenter
now a flood of digital classification has overwhelmed the federa
government's obsolete declassification system. There is a con-
inside and
outside government, that the system is
unsustainable.
The ISOO has determined that the cost of classification continues
to increase and now exceeds $18 billion annually. A dysfunctional
system that lets more and more classified records pile up wastes
a significant
of that amount,
while undermining trans-
parency and doing nothing to protect national security.
There is no dispute about the severity of the problem, nor about
the solution—modernization of the declassification system. Senator
Jerry Moran and I have introduced bipartisan legislation (S. 3733)
to charge the Director of National Intelligence with modernizing
declassification, a recommendation also made by the PIDB. I am
disappointed that the Committee rejected efforts to adopt this com-
monsense bipartisan reform and address this ever-growing crisis.
The bill includes a number of important Intelligence Community
whistleblower protection provisions, four of which were included at
the behest of Vice Chairman Warner and myself. Those provisions
protect from outside interference the Inspector General's deter-
minations about what whistleblower complaints to submit to Con-
prohibit the public disclosure of whistleblowers' identities,
prohibit whistleblower complaints from being shared with the sub-
jects of those complaints, and provide a channel for whistleblowers
to come directly to Congress without interference from the DNI.
Unnecessarily restrictive language was added to the provision fa-
cilitating direct whistleblower communications with Congress. The
Intelligence Community Whistleblower Protection Act created a
process for whistleblowers to communicate with the "intelligence
committees," whereas the bill appears to limit such communication
to the Chairman and Vice Chairman,
or certain nonpartisan staff.
To the extent the bill creates new limitations on efforts by whistle-
blowers to convey concerns to members of Congress, the language
in the bill should be modified or clarified.
protect sil instedlove fish woe selle ravision are pered door
who face an adverse access determination by requiring that the
government demonstrate by clear and convincing evidence that the
agency would have made the same security clearance or access de-
termination in the absence of the whistleblower's disclosure.
(18)

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 54, "chars": 387, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
19

It also includes my provision requiring a report on the threat
posed by the proliferation of commercial spyware as well as U.S.
government efforts to counter that threat.

Finally, I am pleased that the Classified Annex requires a report
with information that Senator Heinrich and I have been seeking
related to collection conducted pursuant to Executive Order 12333.

RON WYDEN.

O
