{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T08:30:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1265931, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/unidentified-anomalous-phenomena-exposing-the-truth-hearing-november-13-2024-8.pdf", "source_sha256": "209571bcb9e332dbfb02cb10c3cd9f234a0bfd9f6d23bcf871066e7a4d66aa41"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 423, "chars": 2875, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Written Testimony of Mike Gold
For the U.S. House Committee on Oversight and Accountability
Subcommittees on Cybersecurity, Information Technology, and Government Innovation;
and
National Security, the Border, and Foreign Affairs
Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena: Exposing the Truth
Wednesday, November 13, 2024
I. Introduction
Chairwoman Mace, Chairman Grothman, Ranking Member Connolly, Ranking Member
Garcia, and distinguished Members of the subcommittees, I am grateful to all of you as well as
your intrepid staff for the opportunity to testify regarding this fascinating, challenging, and
important topic. My name is Mike Gold, and I am currently Chief Growth Officer at Redwire
Space. I have also served as the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's (NASA's)
Associate Administrator for Space Policy and Partnerships, Acting Associate Administrator for
the Office of International and Interagency Relations, and Senior Advisor to the Administrator
for International and Legal Affairs. However, for the purpose of this testimony, I want to be
clear that I am speaking exclusively on my own behalf, and not for Redwire, NASA, or any other
organization.
I want to begin by complimenting everyone involved in this hearing for having the
courage to publicly and robustly address the Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena (UAP) issue.
Unfortunately, for decades this topic has been suffering from a stigma that has prevented much
needed study and public discourse. Despite this stigma, the Committee has chosen to proceed
with hearings, demonstrating a devotion to truth and scientific openness regardless of the ridicule
and even spite that the discussion of UAP can engender. Again, thank you for your courage and
commitment to following the facts no matter where they may lead.
I would be remiss if I also didn't thank the sponsors of the NASA UAP Independent
Study Team (IST). Specifically, I'm grateful to your former Congressional colleague, NASA
Administrator Bill Nelson, for his courage and direction to tackle this challenging topic.
Additionally, 1 would like to express my appreciation to the former NASA Associate
Administrator for the Science Mission Directorate, Dr. Thomas Zurbuchen, who formed the IST,
and to Dr. Daniel Evans, who did an amazing job under difficult conditions as the IST's intrepid
Designated Federal Officer. Moreover, I want to thank all of the IST members, particularly
those who encountered ridicule and even threats due to their participation. It's disconcerting
when members of the academic community are vilified for even having the temerity to attempt to
study UAP, and the fact that this occurred is an example of the extent and pernicious nature of
the stigmatization of UAP which must be stopped. Finally, I want to express my deep
appreciation to the CEO of Redwire, Peter Cannito, our Redwire Board Member Reggie Brothers

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 500, "chars": 3053, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(who joined me on the NASA UAP IST), our VP of Government Relations, Suzanne Gillen, and
all of my colleagues at the company who have been supportive of my work related to UAP.
The topic of UAP is often discussed in the context of national security and defense. This
is certainly justifiable due the nature of the phenomena. However, it's important to ensure that
America's and the world's civil and commercial sectors are not left out of this important
dialogue. Agencies such as NASA have much to offer when it comes to understanding UAP,
and this was a major finding of our IST report. However, before NASA, the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA), or the commercial space sector can effectively assist in resolving the
UAP issue, we must first, as a nation, overcome the pernicious stigma that continues to impede
scientific dialogue and open discussions.
II. Combatting the Stigma
NASA is an agency that operates on data. Data is the lifeblood of NASA and science in
general. Without data, nothing can be achieved. This is why the stigmatization of the UAP
phenomena is so harmful. The stigma prevents scientific inquiry, the best tool that we have to
understand anomalies, from being fully applied. For example, the NASA IST was fortunate to
hear the testimony of Lt. Commander Alex Dietrich, a decorated fighter pilot (Bronze Star and
Air Combat Medal) who encountered UAP while conducting training exercises with the USS
Nimitz Carrier Strike Group off the coast of California. Commandeer Dietrich was mocked by
her colleagues, and the issue was ignored by her superiors, and the incident went years without
any investigation. If not for the work of the Advanced Aerospace Weapon Systems Applications
Program (AAWSAP), Commander Dietrich's experience may have been lost to history. This is a
prime example of how the stigmatization of UAP prevents the gathering of invaluable data that
represents our best and only chance to understand the phenomena. For NASA, or any scientific
organization to properly engage on the UAP topic, this stigma must be eliminated.
Just the fact that this hearing is taking place is helping to combat the stigmatization of
UAP. Again, kudos to the Committee for tackling this topic, and the more hearings like this one
that take place on Capitol Hill, the more free a wide variety of experts from government,
academia, and the private sector will be to openly research and contribute to the understanding of
UAP.
III. How NASA Can Help
A. Combat the Stigmatization of UAP
There are few if any agencies that enjoy the popularity of NASA. You can't walk down
the street in Washington without seeing the NASA logo on t-shirts and hats. NASA enjoys a
global brand that is synonymous with hope, optimism, and credibility. Therefore, I believe that
NASA is ideally suited to help combat the stigmatization of UAP. The NASA UAPIST was an
important and valuable first step. However, there is much more that can be done. Specifically,
NASA could sponsor symposia on UAP, or even just convene and/or participate in panels
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 498, "chars": 3204, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
discussing the topic at existing domestic and international conferences. Participation by NASA
officials in such discussions would carry great weight and send a message to the academic
community that the UAP topic is no longer taboo. Such conference and panel participation could
be done with little cost to the agency, but the impact on the quality of research done on UAP
would be dramatic.
B. Review Archival Data
NASA has a vast archive of data, much of which could be relevant to unraveling the
mystery of UAP. Again, with relatively little cost and effort, NASA could create an Artificial
Intelligence or Machine Learning algorithm that would review all agency archives to search for
anomalous phenomena in the air, space, and sea. The results of such a search could then be
shared with the All-domain Anomalous Resolution Office (AARO), other relevant defense and
intelligence agencies, and the public at large. Additionally, NASA is digitizing increasing
amounts of its archival imagery, creating a singular opportunity to conduct UAP research
utilizing data spanning over a half century.
C. Reach Out to International Partners
Again, NASA is potentially America's most popular brand and has global reach. It's not
just Americans that are wearing the NASA logo, you will see the Agency's meatball emblem in
almost any city in the world. Moreover, NASA cooperates with hundreds of countries. The
Artemis Accords, developed and driven by NASA and the Department of State, now have 47
signatories with numerous additional countries likely to join in the months and years ahead.
NASA's Office of International and Interagency Relations, with relatively little effort, should
take the time to regularly reach out to the Agency's global partners, requesting any information
that they may have in regard to UAP. Subsequently, such information could then be shared with
AARO, other government agencies, and the public.
D. Solicit, Archive, Review, and Release Civil and Commercial UAP Data
Again, data is key to understanding the UAP phenomena. Beyond stigmatization, a
challenge that I saw during my work as a member of the NASA UAP IST is a dearth of process
and knowledge by civilian pilots of how to report UAP. If a civilian pilot sees a UAP, even if
they are able to overcome the potential for ridicule and negative consequences to their career and
decide to share their experience, I do not believe that most, if any, pilots would know who to
report such encounters to. From what I was able to gather, Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) instructions on the matter are difficult to find, provide obsolete advice (e.g., referencing
organizations that no longer exist), and are not generally known or understood by the civilian
pilot community.
To address this issue, NASA could work with the FAA to create a clear, consistent, and
uniform reporting process for civilian pilots. Such reports would be transmitted to NASA and
the Agency would collate this data and provide the information to AARO, other relevant
government entities and, most importantly, to the public at large. Subsequently, NASA would
archive these reports for potential future use. The same could be done for data collected by

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 3035, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
commercial / private sector space companies, commercial / private sector companies conducting
ocean surface or underwater activities, and all civilians who collect credible and useful data.
I believe NASA would be effective in collecting and disseminating data on UAP due to
its successful track record of collating information on aviation safety issues. Specifically, the
NASA UAP IST recommended that the Agency's Aviation Safety Reporting System should be
leveraged to collect UAP information as described in this excerpt from the IST's final report
which stated:
"NASA's Aviation Safety Reporting System (ASRS), which NASA administers for the FAA.
- This system is a confidential, voluntary, non-punitive reporting system that receives
safety reports from pilots, air traffic controllers, dispatchers, cabin crew, ground
operators, maintenance technicians, and UAS operators that provides a unique data
source for emerging UAS safety issues. ASRS receives reports describing close-calls,
hazards, violations, and safety-related incidents. With 47 years of confidential safety
reporting, ASRS has received more than 1,940,000 reports, averaging approximately
100,000 per year. Reports are received from all aspects of aviation operations.
Although the system resides at NASA Ames and involves NASA employees, the ASRS
program is solely funded by FAA and it is not part of NASA's Aeronautics activity.
Although not initially designed for VAl collection, leveraging this system for commercial
pilot UAP reporting would provide a critical database that would be valuable for the
whole-of-government effort to understand UAP, and here NASA should provide technical
assistance."1
It's also worth noting that other space agencies collect data on UAP, and it was
interesting for the NASA UAP IST to receive a briefing on CNES's (the French Space
Agency's) modest yet nontrivial efforts.
In much the same way that AARO is responsible for collecting UAP data for the national
security community, NASA could serve a similar role for civilian and commercial operators. Of
course, a dramatic difference would be that the data collected by NASA would be open to all and
the agency would continue its historic dedication to transparency and sharing scientific
discoveries with the nation and the world.
NASA faces some very difficult budgetary challenges, and I would urge the Members of
this Committee and Congress as a whole to support increased funding to allow NASA to
successfully execute the Artemis program and all of its other vital scientific and exploratory
activities. We must not fall behind rival nations, particularly China, in space exploration,
diplomacy, and development. However, even under current budgetary constraints, I believe that
NASA could support the activities described above with just a handful of officials and minimal
expenses.
1 NASA Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena Independent Study Team Report, Sept. 14, 2023, https://smd-
cms.nasa.gov/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/uap-independent-study-team-final-report.pdf
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 2042, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
E. Develop and Deploy Dedicated Instruments to Detect and Gather Data on UAP
When NASA studies celestial objects and phenomena, planets, black holes, and galaxies,
it does so with equipment that has been developed specifically for such tasks. If NASA had to
study space with data collected from fighter cockpit cameras, radar from military installations,
and cell phones, very little good science would be done. Therefore, it's worth considering
building instruments tailored to study the UAP phenomena. Doing so would be more costly than
other recommendations described in my testimony and, again, NASA is facing very difficult
budgetary constraints, but I at least wanted to put the concept forward in the unlikely event that
funding does become available.
IV. Conclusion: The Value of Anomalies to Science and Public Engagement
The topic of UAPs has captivated the public imagination for decades. Instead of vilifying
or ridiculing those who dare to study the phenomena, NASA and the scientific community as a
whole should seize this singular opportunity to engage the public in a high-profile demonstration
of the scientific method. Information should be gathered, results should be studied, hypotheses
made, and conclusions tested.
Moreover, science is driven by anomalies. Anomalies are the foundation upon which
scientific breakthroughs are built. The Theory of General Relativity, Quantum Mechanics,
virtually all of our scientific progress has been based on discovering and studying anomalies.
This is why the study of UAPs should be embraced since, whatever is occurring, the chance to
garner new knowledge should never be shunned.
We must be thorough in collecting information, fearless in making conclusions, and open
to following the data no matter how mundane or extraordinary the results may be. I began this
testimony by praising the joint subcommittee Members for their courage, and I will end by
echoing that sentiment. As the saying goes, the truth is out there, we just need to be bold enough
and brave enough to face it.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 174, "chars": 1299, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Truth in Testimony Disclosure Form
In accordance with Rule XI, clause 2(g)(5)* of the Rules of the House of Representatives, witnesses are asked
to disclose the following information. Please complete this form electronically by filling in the provided blanks.
Committee: Oversight and Accountability
Subcommittee: Cybersecurity, Information Technology, and Government Innovation
Hearing Date: 11/13/2024
Hearing Title
Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena:
Exposing the Truth
Witness Name: Michael Gold
Position/Title: Chief Growth Officer, Redwire Space; Former NASA Associate Administrator for Space Policy and Partnerships
Witness Type: O Governmental
Non-governmental
Are you representing yourself or an organization?
Self
O Organization
If you are representing an organization, please list what entity or entities you are representing:
FOR WITNESSES APPEARING IN A NON-GOVERNMENTAL CAPACITY
Please complete the following fields. If necessary, attach additional sheets) to provide more information.
Are you a fiduciary—including, but not limited to, a director, officer, advisor, or resident agent-of any
organization or entity that has an interest in the subject matter of the hearing? If so, please list the name of
the organization(s) or entities.
Redwire Space (although the interest is tenuous)

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 377, "chars": 2578, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Please list any federal grants or contracts (including subgrants or subcontracts) related to the hearing's
subject matter that you or the organization(s) you represent have received in the past thirty-six months
from the date of the hearing. Include the source and amount of each grant or contract.
I supported NASA's UAP Independent Study Team
Please list any contracts, grants, or payments originating with a foreign government and related to
the hearing's subject that you or the organizations) you represent have received in the past thirty-six
months from the date of the hearing. Include the amount and country of origin of each contract
or payment.
None
Please complete the following fields. If necessary, attach additional sheet(s) to provide more information.
• I have attached a written statement of proposed testimony.
• I have attached my curriculum vitae or biography.
* Rule XI, clause 2(g)(5), of the U.S. House of Representatives provides:
(5)(A) Each committee shall, to the greatest extent practicable, require witnesses who appear before it to submit in advance
written statements of proposed testimony and to limit their initial presentations to the committee to brief summaries thereof.
(B) In the case of a witness appearing in a non-governmental capacity, a written statement of proposed testimony shall include-
(i) a curriculum vitae; (ii) a disclosure of any Federal grants or contracts, or contracts, grants, or payments originating with a foreign
government, received during the past 36 months by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness and related to the subject matter
of the hearing; and (iii) a disclosure of whether the witness is a fiduciary (including, but not limited to, a director, officer, advisor, or
resident agent) of any organization or entity that has an interest in the subject matter of the hearing.
(C) The disclosure referred to in subdivision (B)(ii) shall include — (1) the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant
thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing; and (ii) the amount and country of origin of any
payment or contract related to the subject matter of the hearing originating with a foreign government.
(D) Such statements, with appropriate redactions to protect the privacy or security of the witness, shall be made publicly available
in electronic form 24 hours before the witness appears to the extent practicable, but not later than one day after the witness appears.
Oversight and Accountability
11/13/2024 — vienned A trmalous Phenomena:

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 50, "chars": 455, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
False Statements Certification
Knowingly providing material false information to this committee/subcommittee, or knowingly concealing
material information from this committee/subcommittee, is a crime (18 U.S.C. § 1001). This form will be
made part of the hearing record Digitally signed by Michael
Michael Gold Gold
Date: 2024.11.11 11:15:30
-05'00'
Witness signature
11/11/24
Date
Oversight and Accountability
11/13/2024 — Uvideined A Tralous Phenomena:

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2865, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Mike Gold, Chief Growth Officer
Mike Gold is the Chief Growth Officer at Redwire. In this role, Mr. Gold leads Redwire's civil,
commercial, and national security business development; marketing and communications; and government
relations activities.
Prior to joining Redwire, Mr. Gold was NASA's Associate Administrator for Space Policy and
Partnerships, Acting Associate Administrator for the Office of International and Interagency Relations, and
Senior Advisor to the Administrator for International and Legal Affairs. At NASA, Mr. Gold led the
development and implementation of the Artemis Accords, which establish norms of behavior to ensure a
peaceful and prosperous future in space for all of humanity. Mr. Gold also successfully led the negotiations
to develop and execute the binding agreements for the lunar Gateway, the development and
implementation of the first lunar resource purchase by NASA, and reforming planetary protection
regulations. Due to this trailblazing policy work, Mr. Gold was awarded NASA's Outstanding Leadership
Medal in 2021, and the International Astronautical Federation's prestigious Excellence in International
Cooperation Award in 2024.
Before joining NASA, Mr. Gold was Vice President of Civil Space at Maxar Technologies and General
Counsel for the company's legacy Radiant Solutions business unit. Additionally, Mr. Gold spent thirteen
years at Bigelow Aerospace, where he established the company's Washington office, oversaw the launches
of the Genesis 1 and 2 spacecraft, and was a recipient of a NASA Group Achievement award for the
development and deployment of the Bigelow Expandable Activity Module onto the International Space
Mr. Gold is currently the Vice Chair of the Commercial Spaceflight Federation and has previously
served as Treasurer. Also, in 2022, Mr. Gold was appointed by the NASA Associate Administrator for the
Science Mission Directorate to serve on the Agency's Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena (UAP)
Independent Study Team which was subsequently given the NASA Silver Group Achievement Award for their
collective efforts to advance the understanding of this phenomena. Moreover, Mr. Gold was appointed by
the U.S. Secretary of Transportation to Chair the Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee
from 2012 - 2019 and was appointed by the NASA Administrator to serve on the NASA Advisory Council and
chair its Regulatory and Policy Committee in 2018.
Mr. Gold has authored numerous law review articles and editorials addressing commercial space
issues. He has also testified on several occasions before the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S.
Senate as an expert in commercial space as well as space law and policy.
Mr. Gold received a BA from Brandeis University and a JD from the University of Pennsylvania Law
School where he founded and led the Journal of Constitutional Law.
