{"created_utc": "2026-10-09T23:17:44Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 32872555, "source_ctime_ns": 1788303276603018390, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/walker-dr-eric-a-2.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785550748300000000, "source_rel": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/walker-dr-eric-a-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "2f96fbfadf46ab7cdebf229930e64aa185886229cf635873aea06c6d6b8019f0"}

Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
                                                                                   U.S. Department of Justice


                                                                                   Federal Bureau of Investigation
                                                                                   Washington, D. C. 20535

                                                                                   October 28 , 2015

MR. JOHN GREENEWALD JR.
THE BLACK VAULT


                                                               FOIPA Request No.: 1309714-000
                                                               Subject: WALKER , ERIC A


Dear Mr. Greenewald:

        The . enclosed documents were reviewed under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), Title 5, United
States Code, Section 552. Deletions have been made to protect information which is exempt from disclosure, with
the appropriate exemptions noted on the page next to the excision . In addition , a deleted page information sheet
was inserted in the file to indicate where pages were withheld entirely. The exemptions used to withhold information
are marked below and explained on the enclosed Explanation of Exemptions:

                          Section 552                                        Section 552a
      r (b)(1)                                r (b)(?)(A)                    r  (d)(5)
      r (b)(2)                                r (b)(7)(B)                    r U)(2)
      r (b)(3)                                p (b)(7)(C)                    r (k)(1)
                                              p (b)(7)(D)                    r (k)(2)
                                              p (b)(7)(E)                    r (k)(3)
                                              r (b)(7)(F)                    r (k)(4)
      r (b)(4)                                r (b)(8)                       r (k)(5)
      r (b)(5)                                r (b)(9)                       r (k)(6)
      p (b)(6)                                                               r (k)(7)
       394 pages were reviewed and 380 pages are being released .

       P Document(s) were located which originated with , or contained information concerning, other Government
           Agency (ies) [OGA) .

           r This information has been referred to the OGA(s) for review and direct response to you.
           P We are consulting with another agency. The FBI will correspond with you regarding this information
              when the consultation is completed .

       r    In accordance with standard FBI practice and pursuant to FOIA exemption (b)(7)(E) and Privacy Act
       exemption U)(2) [5 U .S.C. § 552/552a (b)(7)(E)/U)(2)], this response neither confirms nor denies the existence
       of your subject's name on any watch lists.

           For your information , Congress excluded three discrete categories of law enforcement and national security
records from the requirements of the FOIA. See 5 U.S. C. § 552(c) (2006 & Supp. IV (201 0) . This response is
limited to those records that are subject to the requirements of the FOIA. This is a standard notification that is given
to all our requesters and should not be taken as an indication that excluded records do, or do not, exist. Enclosed for
your information is a copy of the Explanation of Exemptions.
          For questions regarding our determinations, visit the www.fbi .gov/foia website under "Contact Us."
    The FOIPA Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all
    correspondence concerning your request. Your patience is appreciated.

            You have the right to appeal any denials in this release. Appeals should be directed in writing to the Director,
    Office Information Policy {OIP) , U.S. Department of Justice,1425 New York Ave., NW, Suite 11050, Washington,
    D.C. 20530-0001, or you may submit an appeal through OIP's eFOIA portal at
    http://www.justice.gov/oip/efoia-portal.html. Your appeal must be received by OIP within sixty (60) days from the
    date of this letter in order to be considered timely. The envelope and the letter should be clearly marked "Freedom of
    Information Appeal." Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so that it may be easily
    identified.

r          The enclosed material is from the main investigative file(s) in which the subject(s) of your request was the
    focus of the investigation. Our search located additional references, in files relating to other individuals, or matters,
    which may or may not be about your subject(s) . Our experience has shown when ident, references usually contain
    information similar to the information processed in the main file(s). Because of our significant backlog , we have
    given priority to processing only the main investigative file(s) . If you want the references, you must submit a
    separate request for them in writing , and they will be reviewed at a later date, as time and resources permit.


           se-e additional information which follows .


                                                                    Sincerely,


                                                                    ~
                                                                    David M. Hardy
                                                                    Section Chief
                                                                    Record/! nformation
                                                                      Dissemination Section
                                                                    Records Management Division


Enclosure(s)


        The enclosed documents contained in FBI Headquarters files 77-HQ-64271 (2 sections), 161 -HQ-1904,
217-HQ-3175 and Philadelphia Field Office file 105-PH-16350 represents the first interim release of information
responsive to your Freedom of Information/Privacy Acts (FOIPA) request.

          As previously indicated, document(s) were located which originated with, or contained information concerning
another agency. We are consulting with the other agency and are awaiting their response. Due to the fact that our office
has processed all other information currently in our possession , your request is being administratively closed at this
time , pending the completion of the outstanding consultation by our office. The FBI will correspond with you regarding
those documents when the consultation is completed .

         Records (77-PH-7660 and 116-HQ-149586), which may be responsive to your Freedom of Information Act
(FOIA) request, were destroyed on 5/25/79 and 1/10/88. Since this material could not be reviewed , it is not known if it
was responsive to your request. Record retention and disposal is carried out under the supervision of the National
Archives and Records Administration (NARA), Title 44 , United States Code , Section 3301 and Title 36, Code of Federal
Regulations, Chapter 12, Sub-chapter B, Part 1228. The FBI Records Retention Plan and Disposition Schedules have
been approved by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia and are monitored by NARA.

           To minimize costs to both you and the FBI , duplicate copies of the same document were not processed.

           This material is being provided to you at no charge.
                                                          EXPLANATION OF EXEMPTIONS

          SU BSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552

(b)( I)   (A) specifically authorized under criteria established by an Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy
          and (B) are in fact properly classified to such Executive order;

(b )(2)   related solely to the internal personnel rules and practices of an agency;

(b )(3)   specifically exempted from disclosure by statute (other than section 552b of this title), provided that such statute (A) requires that the matters
          be withheld from the public in such a manner as to leave no discretion on issue, or (B) establishes particular criteria for withholding or refers to
          particular types of matters to be withheld;                              ·

(b)(4)    trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential;

(b)(5)    inter-agency or intra-agency memorandums or letters which would not be available by law to a party other than an agency in litigation with the
          agency;

(b )(6)   personnel and medical files and similar files the di sclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy;

(b)(7)    records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes, but only to the extent that the production of such law enforcement records or
          information ( A ) could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings, ( B ) would deprive a person of a right to a fair trial
          or an impartial adjudication, (C) could reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy, (D) could
          reasonably be expected to disclose the identity of confidential source, including a State, local, or foreign agency or authority or any pri vate
          institution which furnished information on a confidential basis, and, in the case of record or information compiled by a criminal law
          enforcement authority in the course of a criminal investigation, or by an agency conducting a lawful national security intelligence
          investigation, information furnished by a confidential source, (E) would disclose techniques and procedures for law enforcement
          investigations or prosecutions, or would disclose guidelines for law enforcement investigations or prosecutions if such disclosure could
          reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law, or ( F) could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any
          individual ;

(b )(8)   contained in or related to examination, operating, or condition reports prepared by, on behalf of, or for the use of an agency responsible for the
          regulation or supervision of financi al institutions; or

(b )(9)   geological and geophysical information and data, including maps, concerning wells.

          SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552a

(d)(5)    information compiled in reasonable anticipation of a civil action proceeding;

U)(2)     material reporting investigative efforts pertaining to the enforcement of criminal law including efforts to prevent. control , or reduce crime or
          apprehend criminals;

(k)( I)   information which is currently and properly classified pursuant to an Executive order in the interest of the national defense or foreign policy,
          for example, infbrmation involving intelligence sources or methods;

(k)(2)    investigatory material compiled for law enforcement purposes, other than criminal, which did not result in loss of a right, benefit or privilege
          under Federal programs, or which would identify a source who furnished information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held
          in confidence;

(k)(3)    material maintained in connection with providing protective services to the President of the United States or any other individual pursuant to
          the authority of Title 18, United States Code, Section 3056;

(k)( 4)   required by statute to be maintained and used solely as statistical records;

(k)(5)    investigatory material compiled solely for the purpose of determining suitability, eligibility, or qualifications for Federal civilian employment
          or for access to classified information, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person who furnished information pursuant to a
          promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence;

(k)(6)    testing or examination material used to determine individual qualifications for appointment or promotion in Federal Government service he
          release of which would compromise the testing or examination process;

(k)(7)    material used to determine potential for promotion in the armed services, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person
          who furnished the material pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence.
                                                                                                                                               FBIIDOJ
