{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T01:06:40Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 213534, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/pdfs/zecharia-sitchin.pdf", "source_sha256": "99a8a6f5096dfd0c14353c986bafd62a4e0d9e8d6bc40c661e0bffd57344d7d2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 552, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DECLASSIFICATION EFFORTS AND RESEARCH OF:
THE BLACK VAULT
THE BLACK VAULT IS THE LARGEST ONLINE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT/ GOVERNMENT
RECORD CLEARING HOUSE IN THE WORLD. THE RESEARCH EFFORTS HERE ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DECLASSIFICATION OF THOUSANDS OF DOCUMENTS THROUGHOUT THE U.S. GOVERNMENT,
AND ALL CAN BE DOWNLOADED BY VISITING:
HTTP://WWW.BLACKVAULT.COM
YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO FORWARD THIS DOCUMENT TO YOUR FRIENDS, BUT
PLEASE KEEP THIS IDENTIFYING IMAGE AT THE TOP OF THE
PDF SO OTHERS CAN DOWNLOAD MORE!

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 319, "chars": 2206, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S. Department of Justice
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Washington, D.C. 20535
November 4, 2014
MR. JOHN GREENEWALD JR.
THE BLACK VAULT
FOIPA Request No.: 1304154-000
Subject: SITCHIN, ZECHARIA
Dear Mr. Greenewald:
This is in response to your Freedom of Information Acts (FOIA) request.
Based on the information you provided, we conducted a search of the Central Records System and
the Electronic Surveillance (ELSUR) indices. We were unable to identify main file records responsive to the
FOIA. If you have additional information pertaining to the subject that you believe was of investigative
interest to the Bureau, please provide us the details and we will conduct an additional search.
In accordance with standard FBI practice and pursuant to FOIA exemption (b)(7)(E)/ Privacy Act
exemption (j)(2) [5 U.S.C. § 552/552a (b)(7)(E)/(j) (2)], this response neither confirms nor denies the
existence of your subject's name on any watch lists.
For your information, Congress excluded three discrete categories of law enforcement and national
security records from the requirements of the FOIA. See 5 U.S. C. § 552(c) (2006 & Supp. IV (2010). This
response is limited to those records that are subject to the requirements of the FOIA. This is a standard
notification that is given to all our requesters and should not be taken as an indication that excluded records
do, or do not, exist.
You may file an appeal by writing to the Director, Office of Information Policy (OIP), U.S.
Department of Justice, 1425 New York Ave., NW, Suite 11050, Washington, D.C. 20530-0001, or you may
submit an appeal through OIP's eFOIA portal at http://www.justice.gov/oip/efoia-portal.htm!. Your appeal
must be received by OIP within sixty (60) days from the date of this letter in order to be considered timely.
The envelope and the letter should be clearly marked "Freedom of Information Appeal." Please cite the
FOIPA Request Number in any correspondence to us for proper identification of your request.
Enclosed for your information is a copy of the FBI Fact Sheet and Explanation of Exemptions.
Sincerely,
David M. Hardy
Section Chief,
Record/Information
Dissemination Section
Records Management Division
Enclosure(s)

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 554, "chars": 3697, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FBI FACT SHEET
• The primary function of the FBI is national security.
• The FBI does not keep a file on every citizen of the United States.
• The FBI was not established until 1908 and we have very few records prior to the 1920s.
• FBI files generally contain reports of FBI investigations of a wide range of matters, including counterterrorism,
counter-intelligence, cyber crime, public corruption, civil rights, organized crime, white-collar crime, major
thefts/violent crime, and applicants.
The FBI does not issue clearances or non-clearances for anyone other than its own personnel or persons
having access to FBI facilities. Background investigations for security clearances are conducted by many
different Government agencies. Persons who received a clearance while in the military or employed with some
other government agency should contact that entity. Most government agencies have websites which are
accessible on the internet which have their contact information.
•
An identification record or "rap sheet" is NOT the same as an "FBI file" It is a listing of information taken
from fingerprint cards and related documents submitted to the FBI in connection with arrests, federal employment,
naturalization or military service. The subject of a "rap sheet" may obtain a copy by submitting a written request
to FBI, Criminal Justice Information Services (CJIS) Division, Record Request, 1000 Custer Hollow Road,
Clarksburg, West Virginia 26306. Along with a specific written request, the individual must submit a new full set of
his/her fingerprints in order to locate the record, establish positive identification, and ensure that an individual's
records are not disseminated to an unauthorized person. The fingerprint submission must include the subject's
name, date of birth and place of birth. There is a required fee of $18 for this service which must be submitted in
the form of a money order or certified bank check made payable to the Treasury of the United States. A credit
card payment option is also available. Forms for this option and additional directions may be obtained by
accessing the FBI Web site at www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/background-checks/background_checks.
The National Name Check Program (NNCP) conducts a search of the FBI's Universal Index (UNI) to identify
any information contained in FBI records that may be associated with an individual and provides the results of that
search to the requesting Federal, State or local agency.
For the NNCP, a name is searched in a multitude of
combinations and phonetic spellings to ensure ali records are located. The NNCP also searches for both "main"
and "cross reference" files. A main file is an entry that carries the name corresponding to the subject of a file
while a cross reference is merely a mention of an individual contained in a file. The results from a search of this
magnitude can result in several "hits" and "idents" on an individual. In each instance where UNI has identified a
name variation or reference, information must be reviewed to determine whether it is applicable to the individual in
question.
• The Record/Information Dissemination Section—Freedom of Information/Privacy Act (FOIPA) searches for
records and provides copies of FBI files relevant to a FOIPA request for information. FOIPA provides responsive
documents to requesters seeking "reasonably described information." For a FOIPA search, the subject name,
event, activity, or business is searched to determine whether there is an investigative file associated with the
subject. This is called a "main file search" and differs from the NNCP search.
FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE FBI, VISIT OUR WEBSITE AT
www.fbi.gov
1/26/2012

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 633, "chars": 4619, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(b)(1)
(b) (2)
(b) (3)
EXPLANATION OF EXEMPTIONS
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552
(A) specifically authorized under criteria established by an Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign
policy and (B) are in fact properly classified to such Executive order;
related solely to the internal personnel rules and practices of an agency;
specifically exempted from disclosure by statute (other than section 552b of this title), provided that such statute(A) requires that the
matters be withheld from the public in such a manner as to leave no discretion on issue, or (B) establishes particular criteria for withholding
(b) (4)
(b) (5)
(b) (6)
(b) (7)
(b) (8)
(b) (9)
(d) (5)
() (2)
(k)(1)
(K) (2)
(k) (3)
(K) (4)
(k)(5)
(k)(6)
(k)(7)
trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential;
inter-agency or intra-agency memorandums or letters which would not be available by law to a party other than an agency in litigation with
the agency;
personnel and medical files and similar files the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy;
records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes, but only to the extent that the production of such law enforcement records
or information (A) could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings, ( B) would deprive a person of a right to a
fair trial or an impartial adjudication, (C) could reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal
privacy, (
D) could reasonably be expected to disclose the identity of confidential source, including a State, local, or foreign agency or authority or
any private institution which furnished information on a confidential basis, and, in the case of record or information compiled by a criminal
law enforcement authority in the course of a criminal investigation, or by an agency conducting a lawful national security intelligence
investigation, information furnished by a confidential source, (E) would disclose techniques and procedures for law enforcement
investigations or prosecutions, or would disclose guidelines for law enforcement investigations or prosecutions if such disclosure could
reasonably be expected to risk circurvention of the law, or (F) could reasonably be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any
individual;
contained in or related to examination, operating, or condition reports prepared by, on behalf of, or for the use of an agency responsible for
the regulation or supervision of financial institutions; or
geological and geophysical information and data, including maps, concerning wells.
SUBSECTIONS OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, SECTION 552a
information compiled in reasonable anticipation of a civil action proceeding;
material reporting investigative efforts pertaining to the enforcement of criminal law including efforts to prevent, control, or reduce crime
or apprehend criminals;
information which is currently and properly classified pursuant to an Executive order in the interest of the national defense or foreign
policy, for example, information involving intelligence sources or methods;
investigatory material compiled for law enforcement purposes, other than criminal, which did not result in loss of a right, benefit or
privilege under Federal programs, or which would identify a source who furnished information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity
would be held in confidence;
material maintained in connection with providing protective services to the President of the United States or any other individual pursuant
to the authority of Title 18, United States Code, Section 3056;
required by statute to be maintained and used solely as statistical records;
investigatory material compiled solely for the purpose of determining suitability, eligibility, or qualifications for Federal civilian
employment or for access to classified information, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person who furnished
information pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence:
testing or examination material used to determine individual qualifications for appointment or promotion in Federal Government service
he release of which would compromise the testing or examination process;
material used to determine potential for promotion in the armed services, the disclosure of which would reveal the identity of the person
who furnished the material pursuant to a promise that his/her identity would be held in confidence.
FBI/DOJ
