{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-07-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468047","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92572","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2584,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/047/mufon-5468047.json","updb_database_id":5468047}
{jpg} objects in formation

It was around 2:30 or 3:00 a.m. in the early to mid 1980's while we were fishing off of soldiers bluff near the dam at lake Whitney. As my brother and I sat there on an ice cooler fishing and looking up at the star studded sky, I noticed a light moving across the sky from the North to the South. as I watched the light, which I assumed to possibly be an airplane, it appeared to turn towards us, and as a plane would, another light appeared behind it at an angle and growing further apart as you would expect the other wing light to do as a plane turned and came towards you.

As the 2 lights grew further and further apart, I was stunned and blurted out that that was a huge plane. My brother asked where, and I pointed to it as the other light seemed to begin to release some smaller lights.

When they all finally wound up following behind the first light, I realized that the first light in the front of the line was a large round light, being followed by 7 smaller round lights with a large rectangular craft following behind. The smaller lights were slowly bobbing up and down like on a wave as they followed the large round light in the lead. We heard absolutely no sound and knew that if 9 helicopters or planes were flying over, they would make a lot of noise. When I finally said that it was more likely than not a single airplane pulling a lighted banner, almost if to prove me wrong, the large rectangular at the rear of the formation raised up a bit and shot forward to the middle of the formation and stopped abruptly and slowly dropped down through the line of 7 smaller lights and wound up below the formation where it stopped and waited for the last of the 7 smaller lights to pass overhead and then raised up and took it's place once again at the rear of the formation where it followed as before until they were finally to far away to see anymore.
