{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-24 05:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503047","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55921","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3058,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/047/mufon-5503047.json","updb_database_id":5503047}
{kt}bright light that hovered and disappeared the second time i have seen this, first time i was a teenager and it hovered then followed the tree line and disappeared into thin air

I stay with my grandmother due to her having altimers. and my husband son and I were on our way to releive my dad from staying there at night... so anyway we were driving down hwy 136 and i saw it while i was on the hill by the church...i didnt think anything about it and it was a lil smaller there but it was just a bright light and at first i thought it was a cell tower light that wasnt blinking but at the same time it was awful bright and bigger than any cell tower light i have ever seen....but we kept goin and we almost got to the 4 way of 136 and 341 and by this time it was bigger and same brightness and i mentioned it to my hubby he said "yea that is weird i wonder what that is?" we joked about it being a ufo or something... it was like hovering over lookout mnt and by that time i knew it wasnt a cell tower and there wasnt anything around it. we kept trying to think of possible things it could have been...it looked like a mini sun but it was white as snow like the kind u see when u weld with no helment..so we turned and kept heading to my grandmothers and you can see the mnt for my grandmothers back yard and it was still there! and it was just hovering!! so i went and layed my son down in the playpen its still early and wasnt time for him to be up when my husband said "its gone!" we didnt see where it went but it was gone completely gone.....later i got to thinking about the only reason i am reporting this... my family lives next door to my grandmothers 160 acre cattle farm..it was my childhood home...and due to it being country we camped alot in the back yard in the summer..i was like 15 or 16 and my sis was 14 or 15 and one night my sister woke me up and made me get out of the tent and we never told anyone about it, but it looked JUST LIKE THAT BRIGHT LIGHT my husband and i saw the other day...but that time it was bigger and it was over my grandfathers barn and followed the treeline and then diappeared as quick as that one did!!! there was no noise and the cows were not making any noise or anything there was a slight wind i remember but my sister and i never told anyone about that...(now i have told my husband )and now since i have seen this light 2 times i wanted to find someone to tell it to and find out what is goin on.
