{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502047","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56974","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/047/mufon-5502047.json","updb_database_id":5502047}
{cak} it looked like a faded street lamp moving like a fly in the sky

I was at a friends house in South Milwaukee, WI with two other friends, at around 3 am my friend that lived there needed some stuff from his van so he asked me and my other friend to help him out. we went outside from the back door that lead out to a small yard then a driveway connected to a ally way. When we reached his van in the driveway my other friend who is a space nerd always looking at planets and stuff noticed something weird in the sky, he pointed north, the moon was glowing and next to it (from our point of view) was a star or a planet and I said "what the he** are you looking at?" he said "look!" so I looked more closely next to that star was a weird light, the color was exactly like a street lamp but faded like it was a small circular light like mist almost and I noticed it was behind clouds and really high up in the sky, it was hovering at first but in a circle motion, my friend looked at it for about 15-20 seconds before I noticed it, it was very eerie
. I told my friend that I see it and as soon as I said that it started moving, first kinda slow then sped up a bit as if it was trying to elude our eye sight it did all types of moves like a fly would almost when u try to swat it out. it moved to the left from our original spot from when we saw it then started to do those moves but for some reason we kept up with it, it felt like I was drawn to it almost paralyzed just watching this faded light move in the sky but then I lost sight for a sec because I think it flew over us then it was behind us from our original spot from when we first saw it, my friend lost it but then I caught it behind us I remember it kinda close to a water tower by that time my friend lost sight but its still kept its height which was very high. when I saw it now behind us it stopped it hovered for a sec then all of a sudden its glow got a little bigger like a bright light then it just zipped into the sky and it was gone as if it wasn't even there in the first place, but I was the only one to see it take off like that and I screamed bloody murder I felt dizzy light headed all of reality just slipped away, it felt like I was in a movie like there is no F***ing way I just saw that, I still cant comprehend what I saw.

After I seen it take off my friend saw me drag my hands down my face and asked what I seen I put my hands on my knees to catch breath and try to come back to reality and I said "I just seen it take off zipped right into the sky!" we freaked out and ran inside, nothing has happened since I just hope You guys can help me im not looking for fame or fortune but guidance and answers to what I saw. I could be just scaring myself but I cant sleep sometimes because of it and I know they know I saw them im terrified if they will come for me and when and if it happens I want to be ready but I don't know how to prepare my self for something like that please please help me call or email and thank you for your time.
