{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497047","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62328","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2813,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/047/mufon-5497047.json","updb_database_id":5497047}
{dr}two burnt sienna lights in sky hovering on a difficult to make out solid object

My roommate and I were driving home on christmas eve between 9:30 and 10:30 pm and I noticed two orange/red lights in the sky and asked if she saw them and she confirmed and we pulled over in awe. We both tried to take pics and video with our Iphone 5's but we both realized our picture option on both our phones were facing us and we didn't realize this until we looked at the video I attempted to record and the pics she tried to take were of us basically saying oh my god and do you really see this over and over again. 
The two orbs of light hung in the sky/hovered over a building. It was difficult to tell how close or far away they were. It seemed as if they were within 500 feet but I could be wrong. it looked as if the two lights were on an object that I felt was dark black with asymmetrical edges but I can't be sure. I know what I saw, but still am second guessing myself because I want my depiction to be accurate and factual. The light on the left facing started to slowly fade out and then it looked as though the object was moving at us and the right facing light began to ascend and then it was gone completely. 
We have both been back to the location individually since and there is absolutely nothing in the sky above this building. No street lamps or anything else this could have been. Not quite sure what we saw but it was definitely an unidentified flying object. And it has changed my life. I have felt many emotions ranging from excitement and joy to dread and fear. We both feel that we shouldn't tell too many people about our experience because of the narrow minded mentality of some people. This is out of character for me, considering I am a very public person and I have been researching alien life forms and ufo's for the past five years and even put on a successful art show two years ago 333 bending time. i feel because of my connection with and passion and curiosity about this subject makes me seem less credible. I have often wondered why I felt so connected with other worldly entities and objects but have never physically seen one. I am thankful my roommate was with me to document this event.
