{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-14 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5293047","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110269","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2835,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/047/mufon-5293047.json","updb_database_id":5293047}
ufo

On July 14th my wife and I decided to go to the local beach at edge of dark with binoculars in hopes of seeing comet Neowise. At this beach you can pull your truck almost to water which is what we did. I had two sets of binoculars with me, a Nikon 7x50 and a Vortex 12x50. Both are excellent binoculars with good light transmission. 

As it was getting darker, I had my vortex glasses scanning the sky trying to find comet. After a few minutes of scanning the N x NW sky I located the comet. My wife takes my cell phone and tries to take a picture. My cell phone is a Moto g Stylus a newer phone. She turns the camera on, trying to get a picture of comet and she looks at me with wide eyes and says, "with is that". I had no idea what she meant so I asked her what was wrong? She then shows me the screen of my phone and it clearly shows an object in the sky out in front of us. I took my vortex binoculars and tried to find object and I could not see anything but sky. I asked her to let me see again and sure enough when my phone was pointed in a portion of the sky the object was visible through the phone! I was like OMG a UFO it was a surreal moment to say the least. 

We watched the object on the phone display zooming in and taking pictures. After a couple of pictures, I told her to try and get video but when we changed phone camera to video the object was not visible. We then changed back to still camera mode and took a couple more pictures. My wife then put phone down and picked 7X50 Nikon binoculars and we both scanned skies seeing nothing I picked my phone back up and tried to get more pictures, but object was gone. 

I am not crazy nor is my wife, we don’t do any drugs and are both not on any medication. IT WAS REAL and the object seemed to be heading in a north direction not fast but definitely moving it had the classic oval shape with a dome like shape that bulged in the very middle. There is nothing else I can do but show my pictures. They are kind of grainy maybe somebody who is good with pics can enhance them. I swear to God that these pictures are real and i am not trying to fool anyone.
