{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-14 07:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506047","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52773","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2248,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/047/mufon-5506047.json","updb_database_id":5506047}
red blinking lights, looked like the back of a sleigh. followed it for 2 miles in van.kind of triangular

my supervisor and i were driving home from work in warrington, uk, at 7:10am when to our left we spotted red lights about 1 mile away. the lights started to flash on and off so we decided to pursue it. it it was moving from the direction of stretton towards woolston. we tried to photograph the object but each time we focused in the lights on the object would go off. at one stage we tried to speed up to get in front of it, but it appeared to move much more swiftly than we could. we parked up on the side of the road in woolston to get a clearer look but the object seemed to be using the trees to limit our observations. this object could move like nothing ive ever seen before in my life. it was very controlled in all its movements no matter in which direction it wanted to go. it appeared to have the ability to perform a sidewards change of direction without pause from the forward direction it was going in. after approximately seven minutes of observing the object it started to move away from the trees northwards of the direction we were observing it from.our attention was first drawn to the red lights of the object over a field which we have passed on a great number of occasions, and never before have we seen any coloured lights in that particular direction. we both got the feeling of surrealism and just wanted to get as close as possible to the object. we lost sight of the object as it started move back away from the trees at an extraordinary pace then we looked at each other and when we looked back to where we last seen it, it was gone.
