{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-10 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518047","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39508","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7586,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/047/mufon-5518047.json","updb_database_id":5518047}
Sighted a orangish red , basketball sized orb fly across yard. 3 asprin sized orbs sighted in house by wife and myself on same night.

My wife and I were in the middle of one of those fights where you don't talk to one another for a few days. I went and got a sub sandwich for a late dinner and brought it home. After I ate I got this sudden urge to go out side and lay in my front yard to look at the sky.I was in the Marine Corps for six years. If you knew me you would know that in its self was strange. Im pretty much a person that sticks to a route-en. Star gazing is not on the list. I grabbed a pillow off the couch and went and laid on the rock outcropping in my front yard. The spot I picked wasnt the best one to see all the sky. I live pretty much out in the woods. Trees surround my house on all sides.I was laying more to one side of the yard facing the trees, clearly not the best vantage point to see the whole sky. After laying there for a few minutes I decided to get up.My house was too my left side.I turned towards my house to raise up using my left arm. As my head went from straight to turning left I saw an orange orb fly across my side yard heading towards the back. It was about the size of a soccer ball or basket ball.It was about 30 feet in the air and flew in a straight line between the trees and my house and disappeared behind the house right at the height of the gutters. It didn't come from the tree line. It seemed like it was in motion before it" turned on". I know for a fact it wasnt a light behind the trees or a plane. It was solid, in front of the trees and only about 60 or 70 feet away. I jumped up and my first reaction was to run inside and check on my family.My adrenaline was pumping and the hair all over my body stood up. I stood there for another moment looking for it and went inside.Despite the fact my wife and I were not talking I had to tell her and check on the kids.I told her what I saw and her response was to " quit watching stuff like that on tv." I knew she didn't really believe me. I wasnt mad even though I knew what I saw. I never second guessed myself. Infact she scares easily and I felt a little bad. She was laying in bed and knew it might keep her up thinking about scary stuff weather she believed me or not.I checked the kids again and went outside. As scared as I was I wanted to see it again. After about 10 minutes of searching the sky I came back in, sat on the couch and started watching tv. A few minutes later my wife screamed my name. I have heard her call my name in anger,or when one of the kids got hurt or simply very loud across the house to bring her something. The way she screamed my name was unlike any other time in our 4 years of marriage. I could here the pure fear and urgency in her voice. In fact hearing her scream my name like that sent a sick feeling to the pit of my stomach. I knew I wasnt being called to kill a spider. I screamed back " what " as I jumped over the back of the couch and ran to the bed room. When I got there she was sitting up in bed with the covers pulled to her neck and the lamp on the night stand on.I turned on the overhead light and asked whats wrong. I could see the fear in her eyes and hear it in her voice as she told me what she saw. She said she was laying there with the light on , reading and she looked up and saw what she described as an orange ball floating between the bed and the wall about four feet from the foot of the bed and about 5 feet up. She said it was the size and color of the end of a burning cigarette.That was the same exact color of the one I saw outside.I knew what I saw but a part of me didn't really believe her. I figured I just scared her with my story and her eyes were playing tricks on her. Another part of me really believed her and I walked to her, held her hand and prayed out loud for god to protect our family.I looked for any thing to explain the orb. Reflections of lights inside and out. Mainly to find some thing to ease her mind.I told her what I felt to be true.If something was here there was really nothing we could do.It wasnt hurting us and the fear we had was just from the fact we all fear what we cant explain.I went back outside again too look around. I was uneasy but not really fear full.I wanted to know what it was but knew my wife didn't. She just wanted it gone. So I prayed that that would be the end. I stayed up till about 4 in the morning checking on her and the kids, my mind racing the whole time. I finally gave up and headed to our bed room.I turned off the lights, got in bed. I was sitting up and grabbed the end of my sheet and was pulling it up towards me when plain as day an orb the color and size my wife described "same color as the large one outside" appeared to my left about 4 feet in the air, about 3 feet from me. It appeared for only about a second and a half. Long enough to tell it was moving in a slow wavy path for about6 or seven inches.I wasnt scared this time. I just layed there and kept looking for it. The longer I laid there though the more scared I got.My wife woke up and I told her it was back. She was half asleep and not really concerned any more. She repeated what I had said about not being scared of something we couldnt control or fight.I went and got my daughter and put her in bed with us. My son is too small to sleep with us or I would of gotten him too. The rest of the night there was no further incident.The next day about 3 in the afternoon I was watching tv in the living room. The cats were playing by the fireplace. Two kittens and their mother.Back inside the fireplace I spotted another orb the same size and color as the ones in our bed room. It seemed to only "turn on " for half a second. All three of the cats looked up at it at the same time as I did. They didn't react at all. Almost like they were not sure it was there.Im sure some people might say it was a floating ash or ember. Of course...its in a fire place. Only problem is I havent had a fire in there for months. We have not seen any thing since that day but over the past week Ill be laying in bed about to doze off and it seems like some one turns on a bright red light right next to my eye. Ill jump up and nothing is there.Im not dreaming it. I can feel the physical reaction of my eye and a little heat. This part I havent told my wife.I could sit here and speculate what these orbs are or what they are doing. The truth is I have no clue.I don't know if the big one I saw is some how shrinking coming inside or if they are separate. All I do know is what ever they are they are real. I never would have seen the first one if I wouldnt had this weird urge to got lay in my front yard in that exact spot. Never had that urge before or since.The sighting of the orbs is much easier to explain than the mental drive to go to that spot for no good reason. Im not the type to do things for no reason. Thanks for listening. Id love to know if others are experiencing the same things.
