{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-28 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505047","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53824","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3846,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/047/mufon-5505047.json","updb_database_id":5505047}
{kt}Object Pulsated Once Shot off like Shooting Star

It was thanksgiving. Some amount of time after my family members had left my father's residence which is located on a field edge, I'd guess about an hour, I decided I'd like to enjoy a refreshing beer. It was probably an hour past dark, there was a full moon or very close to it so visibility on the ground was no issue. I walked to the local gas station about a mile, picked up a twelve pack and walked back. This was uneventful however traffic was unusually heavy almost a constant stream of headlights. When I reached home I set the beer down on the picnic table in the front lawn. Across the street from the front lawn is a field about a 60 yards wide and then a tree line where a decent patch of woods begins. The field is long but not very wide as corn and soybean fields go, it widens towards the middle. It was dead calm and I was the only one outside in my neighborhood. Anyways, as soon as I set the beer down I tear open the box crack one open and take a sip. I look up as to soak in that big gorgeous glowing moon. However, something else immediately catches my attention. An "object" pulsates once significantly does a 90 degree or maybe even slightly better turn and shoots off like a meteor. The object was headed east at first, getting close to encroaching over the illuminessence of the moon. Then it turned north towards the city of Peoria seemingly, which is not located more than 10 miles from my position. The color of the object was actually very similar if not identical to the bright white of a glowing full moon. When it pulsated it increased the diameter of the light by a quarter diameter or slightly better. The speed at which it was traveling before it turned and zipped away was equivalent to a small plane. It was either a small object closer to the ground or larger one farther away. The entire sighting didn't last for more than 4 seconds. I would estimate 3 seconds from the time i saw it pulsate to the end of its streak as it left. I guess the best word to explain my feeling was flabbergasted. I was not expecting to see anything when I glanced up at the moon. There was zero air traffic at the time nor for the next ten minutes I stayed outside, which is otherwise a fairly high traffic airspace. I went inside as it was cold out. I have watched air traffic all my life, it did not flash like aircraft lights but pulsated clearly just once. Also the first third of the streak when it took off seemed just so very very slightly slower than the next to thirds, which a meteor would have a constant speed. The second two thirds of the streak seemed to be in the realm of shooting stars I have seen in the past. Which I have seen my fair share. The sighting was like, explain this. It was no plane or meteor. It was and unexplained aerial phenomenon. I enjoy remaining skeptical. However, I have listened to testimonies such as Gordon Cooper and Edgar Mitchell. While I am totally open to listening to any explanation. There are no swamps to produce "gas" in central Illinois. And when I think about it a part of me in the area where my heart lies seems to know exactly what it was. Any way you cut it life on earth is an extraordinary phenomenon in and of itself.
