{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-04 22:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525047","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30752","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2809,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/047/mufon-5525047.json","updb_database_id":5525047}
Weird strange multiple deep red flying orbs.

On August 4, 2011 approximately 10:37 pm, my family and I were eating and watching television. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed a strange deep red Orb shaped object that immediately caught my eye. I immediately got everyone's attention then ran to the door to go outside for a better look. My wife grabbed our Sony 8mm camcorder and began filming while we were trying to keep an eye on all the weird Orbs. 
The Orbs came from the direction many airplanes travel, However, these were neither airplanes nor helicopters and we began questioning what these objects could possibly be. There was no noise and they flew in a distinct formation and path for their exit. The Orbs were slowly hovering while moving in a directional path. The Orbs were a red that is somewhat hard to this day describe with certainty. The Orbs traveled from the SSW to the North and then flew West and then the Red Orbs faded out in order they arrived at a certain spot we noticed. 
One of our children ran to our neighbor1s home right next to us so they could see and witness what we were clearly witnessing. The neighbors daughters boyfriend answered the door, stepped out to look and immediately ran into the house uttering 1oh my gosh1. The daughter came out and witness what my family and I were looking at. She sat there on the porch just watching and making comments of "what is that', what the hell is that" and then mentioned her and her boyfriend seen something strange in that exact direction a few nights earlier. 
My family and I were amazed and questioned what we all clearly seen with no obstructions. I do not have the time to waste or wish to hear some illiterate excuse officials have given over the years. I started not to mention this but it has bugged me tremendously. I do not wish to be known as a confirmed UFO true experience captured on video and witnessed. I do however wish to inform the public of what was clearly seen; which was not ordinary in any form I could possibly try to compare to these Orbs. I know what was witnessed and captured on video and that is all the proof I need. An honest investigation is what I am asking. Thank you very much in advance.
