{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494047","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65444","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2925,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/047/mufon-5494047.json","updb_database_id":5494047}
{cak} driving to Florida from New York everyone stopped to see a craft on I 75 hovering like a disc then the craft turn vertical came down towards the ground and being scammed out. most of us children remembered only a at the fastest rate of speed I ever

1. where I was was on my way on vacation from New York to Florida. 2. I was not the first to notice the object all the cars from both sides of the interstate were coming to a stop to see what was in the air hovering about 50 feet off the ground.number 3 I did not know what to think of it nor did anyone else many people had stopped and got out of their cars and everyone was very shocked because the crafts made no noise.number 4 the craft seem to be a circle butts not a perfect circle kind of like A circle that had flat tops and bottom. what it did next was go from sitting at a horizontal angle to moving to a vertical angle at this time it was about 10 to 20 feet off the ground, at this time I was still in the car with my brother while all the adults got out I would estimate around 70 adults got out. at this time what happened was the light got brighter and these beings started approaching myself and others.number 5 the feeling I got was awkward while I was worried I didn't seem to be terribly afraid and I did not think that they were there to harm me because they would harm to my parents first as they were 50 yards away in between us. 

they then took me and 10 other children into the craft we were all kind of excited except for one girl who was crying but she was around 8 years old I was between 10 and 12 they took us somewhere in the craft and showed us a bunch of things that had to do with the world but it's a little foggy on exactly what it was later on in life I was visited again but before that I can say that I woke up in the car after I had watched the shuttle take off at incredible rate of speed I know I seen that but then I woke up in the car with everybody driving like nothing had happened. as I say I lost sight of the object when it took off at around a 80 degree angle into the stars at a tremendous amount of speed with no noise. later I noticed that I myself felt older and was able to do things that many others could not at my age it was like I had lived 5 to 10 years and that's small time that I was with them.
