{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-09-14 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520047","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36564","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3822,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/047/mufon-5520047.json","updb_database_id":5520047}
Sort of a very, short, snowboard like shape. Seemed to fly in a straight line, but it was surreal, it looked like the objects orientaion was 15 degree diagonal across its horizonal flight path.

My fiance and myself were outside in the night jumping on the trampoline with the dog. All of a sudden the dog leaves and runs to the house. We think nothing of it, like maybe he just didn't want to be around anymore. We were tired so we laid on the trampoline both of us looking up at the stars. We started talking about how beautiful the sky looked. We both saw the object at the same time, I could feel it. I was tense, and he was tense, it was apparent. We both seemed to be holding out breath, there was no noise, no animal noises in the night, nothing, not even a car on the street. The object came across the sky at tree top height from the ground. It was a snowboard shaped, but as if someone took both ends of a snowboard and pushed them together, to make a shorter, wider snow board, but the thickness was just bigger than that of a snowboard. I only use a snowboard as a shape because it is the closest shape to what this thing was. It was dark, black to dark-grey object with these weird markings. They didn't look like any type of hieroglyph, it was more of a decorative linear shape. It was definitely lighter than the rest of the object in color. The only way I can describe the pattern is as if you made two wide "Y"s at each end but the stems of the "Y"s both met in the middle of the object. The only real way I could show you this is if I drew it. It was absolutely bizarre. This object also had and light, misty looking aura around it, it was almost a grey-purple colored aura. I cant even begin to explain fully what this was like, it looked fake, like a bad movie prop floating across the sky. This snowboard shaped moved with the shapes belly (bottom of the snowboard) facing the ground with the weird "Y" shapes on its belly. It moved with such unexplainable smoothness over head, as if some other force was just pushing it through space. The objected was horizontal to the ground, but the angle of the two ends were at like a 15 degree angle of each other diagonally. So If I drew it on a flat sheet of paper I would have the snowboard/peanut shape drawn diagonally across the page. I will have to attach a drawing it was so intense. It seemed like time was going so slow at this time, and the object when from the tree tops and floated over my house and disapeared behind the peak of my roof. I assume it kept going. When it was gone, I remained silent until my fiance peeped up "You saw that too, right?" It was then that I was completely freaked out. I could have just said it was my imagination or me being tired and forgot about the whole thing, but he saw it and I knew I wasnt crazy. The sound of the trees and crickets and other night time noises returned and we both ran into the house completely freaked out and told out friends about it the next day. They all thought we were crazy. (Sorry if my picture is not the greatest, I drew it very quickly on paint just for this site, right before posting)
