{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-19 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465047","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95752","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2386,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/047/mufon-5465047.json","updb_database_id":5465047}
{cak} UFOs spotted in backyard. Second UFO was caught on camera.

I was outside in my backyard at 7:10 pm with my fianc1, and I looked up to the moon because it was bright and as I was pointing to a nearby planet shining bright, we saw the starlike craft emerge from nowhere, too slow too be a shooting star, the star continued on a slow path as I showed my fianc1 we both go 1what is that?1 In an awe-struck voice. It continued in a straight path above passingby discernable planes, helicopter, and black copter. It continued straight as we stared and kept looking back at each other then back at the moving craft that slowed as it approached a nearby constellation Shaped in a v to the right of the moon. Upon reaching the lowest star in the V it came to a complete stop, blocking out the star beneath it and fully immersing it in black. We started screaming, and shaking and couldn1t believe it. All the sudden my fianc1 looked up directly overhead and said 1look ANOTHER ONE1 and a star like craft above us began to undulate, swivel, spin, dip, dive, dart, hide, re-appear and i made sure to get it on camera. It was visible on our cellular phone videos! The dance continued for 10 minutes or more I couldn1t be more sure of what it meant. After looking at it for two more minutes I realized, there was no chance we were alone in this universe and I began to cry and shake at what a life changing moment it was. We have the footage. We both sketched our own experiences immediately after it happened to see if we had any descrepancies. There were none. Helicopters began flying over shortly after the viewing so we thought it was curious. Later that night our dog was barking at the sky and strangely begging to get outside. It was very out of character. We think they may be stationed above us.
