{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-21 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523204","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32774","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4376,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/204/mufon-5523204.json","updb_database_id":5523204}
Hovering, flashing lights emits spark that forms chevron shaped craft.

At approximately 8:00 pm I took my dog outside. As I was walking, I noticed a bright, cherry red light hovering above Read Mountain located in Botetourt County. I thought it was a strange color for a star so I stopped and observed it.

Upon closer observation, I could tell it wasn't just a red light, but was a ball-shaped sequence of lights changing from red to orange to blue to green, and interspersed with sparkles of blue-white light. I was shocked when I realized this was not a star nor an airplane!! I took my dog inside and grabbed my binoculars and went immediately outside to the street and continued to observe the lights. Using my neighbor's garage roof line as a point of reference, I could tell that the ball of light was varying slightly in position, both side to side, then up and down, then back to the original location in the sky.

The lights were located at 295 degrees NW, with an elevation of approximately 25 degrees above the horizon. At arms length, the size was approximately that of an aspirin tablet.  

After about five minutes, I phoned my eldest son who lives due west on the other side of this mountain and shared what I had seen. I continued the conversation outside on my cordless phone as he also went outside and saw the same lights which appeared to him to be hovering above the mountain. During our conversation, the lights stopped on the cherry red color for a moment, then an orange spark arced out in a "comma" shaped path to the left with great speed, and then made a sharp U-turn and stopped. This orange glow became a cherry red light at first, then it sort of grew in size, and changed to orange then back to red, repeatedly. It seemed to me that these two balls of light were communicating through the flashes of light. After less than a minute, the initial ball of light just blinked out! The second ball of light appeared to grow in size, while flashing quickly from cherry red to orange, then it too became interspersed with the sparks of blue-white light, but did not flash blue or green like the initial set of lights.

To my shock and disbelief, this ball of light began to path 150 degrees SE, toward me. That's when I became fearful! Its velocity remained constant, approximating that of a small, private aircraft. Once the lights passed overhead, I could see through my binoculars that these lights were actually a chevron shaped craft. The craft had five circular soft blue-white lights placed in a symmetrical pattern. These lights faintly illuminated the bottom surface of the craft which was a flat light-gray color. Between the "wings", there was a display of red to orange lights, with the sparkles of bright blue-white. There was NO sound generated.  When it was closest to me, its size at my arm's length was about 1 1/4 inches across.

I watched this craft path across the sky until it was obscured by the tall trees located at the southwest side of my house. I immediately went to my deck, and continued observing this object through my binoculars between the branches, but soon lost sight of it. Not long after, I noticed a small, private aircraft flying in an easterly direction...then I saw the craft again through the tree branches. Its path was closer to being directly overhead than before, and was traveling back where it originated. I ran to the front yard hoping to see it again, but I never did!

What is interesting is that the previous week, my youngest son observed from my front yard a similar phenomenon in the same area of the sky for a short period of time. He described the color as being cherry red, changing to orange, but this ball of light actually moved across the sky in various directions and just disappeared.
