{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-29 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483204","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76729","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3805,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/204/mufon-5483204.json","updb_database_id":5483204}
{dr}Used Dr. Steven Greers CE5 method of peaceful contact through meditation and remote viewing into space, response was within minutes

Having a background in meditation, my wife and I decided to make contact utilizing Dr. Steven Greer's CE5 protocols, loosely , but within the major points we meditated. In a peaceful and loving way, both of us sent out a beam of energy from our astral bodies asking for peaceful contact, so that we could have proof and move on with our lives, of which proof actually came to fruition later on, and in very different ways. 

 We traveled to the large hill near our home and briefly held a meditation together, asking for contact and visualizing our position on the earth, so as to share it with them and initiate contact. Shortly after, my wife signaled the triangle symbol with a red LED lit balloon (mimicking the one that Dr. Greer has adopted) at a light that appeared in the NorthEast sky which could have been a plane, but we both didn't know. As soon as she did this, the light grew to 10x and began to approach us.(this is when i began filming) Mind you, this thing was miles in the sky and still was lit up pretty good. No planes that night seemed to have remotely as big of lights as this glowing orb did. As we had a similar experience the night previous to this one (5/29/16) we thought that it could be truly another being from another place. {The previous ball of light looked the same size, moved much like an airplane, then turned into a 747 after it passed over the roof of the building we were in}Then the extreme experience happened. I'll be honest, the unexpected. 

 As i zoomed in my cell phone video camera (HTC m9) we both watched as it came closer, closer ,closer until i all of sudden get bit by a mosquito (and you will hear both the mosquito and me blowing on the camera), coincidentally (perhaps, but i don't think so) the craft does a couple wiggles left and right, then tears i mean really moves fast into no where. My wife's reaction is telling, as i will leave the audio in, please excuse the cuss words, as it was a very unexpected event for both of us, but a very welcome one. 

Upon walking back home, my wife exclaimed to me that nothing in this life will be able to change her opinion on the existence of Extraterrestrial civilizations, and i felt doubly the same. Unfortunately, the mosquito caused me to look away when the craft ascended and returned the way it came, so I did not witness the disappearance, only my wife did. 

 When I watch back the film on slow motion, I see as the craft disappears it seems to make a triangle in its movements and stop/slow points before ascending and dematerializing or leaving, and also makes what looks like a 45 degree angle turn doing speeds in the thousands of miles an hour. No air craft could make these moves or speeds, no aircraft can disappear like this. Watch for yourself. 

If you could investigate the footage i am providing in this report with even more sophisticated software/a/v engineers i would be very pleased to hear your results. Very happy I had this experience.
