{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-09 08:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500204","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58908","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2287,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/204/mufon-5500204.json","updb_database_id":5500204}
Noticed bright light with trail go up vertically, then stop. Bright gold trail behind, then hover 4 minutes, then head off to NW slowly

We live on a mountain, and were having a thunderstorm. I went out to have my tea on the front landing, and to the west the black clouds had cleared leaving a band of clear sky over the opposite mountains as the storm moved eastward. The sun was setting in the west, and it made a very beautiful sky in that section. I noticed an object which directionally was heading straight upward from a south east heading, leaving a beautiful gold trail sparkling larger when it cleared the mountain and narrowing toward the underside of the craft.I immediately focused on it, as it stopped and then proceeded to hover for about 3 or 4 minutes. I went in to the house to get my binoculars and returned but was still unable to see it clearly. I then thought of the video cam, and went in and got that. I tried to zoom several times but only made it blurry. The craft began to move slowly in a west north west direction, until it became hard to see a few minutes later. When I had gone in to get my camera, I told my wife and son in law and they both came out and witnessed it also. This is the first sighting of this kind I have had since I moved here 15 years ago. The really strange part of this is that when I reviewed the video on my TV and not the camera, I clearly saw a smaller white craft moving at tremendous speed from my side of the mountain range and went up and over the mountain toward the vacating craft. At this point, I knew that this was some sort of a UFO, and clarified it in my mind. I could supply some sort of copy for your perusal if interested.
