{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-13 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487204","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72465","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3194,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/204/mufon-5487204.json","updb_database_id":5487204}
Silent object being followed by jet

Ive been doing astronomy since I was a kid, I seen meteors, eclipses, satellites but tonight at approx: 21:50 I saw summat weird.

Saw a very low light on the horizon SW, was very bright and I assumed it was the ISS (International Space Station) as it can be quite bright and low. Grabbed my Binoculars but saw the first pic, a bright yellow light with 4 red lights. This changed as I watched to 3 red lights.

It headed South in an arc then eastwards and I noticed it was being tailed by a smaller object that I presumed was a jet, we get a lot of military aircraft flying here from local military bases but rarely of an evening.

This was much smaller than the larger object though, it was only a few miles away, I could hear the smaller jet but something as big as the thing it was following should, that late at night, have made quite a bit of loud engine noise...it didnt.... It "looked" like a small jet tailing a large aircraft, but the large aircraft made no noise. The small jet ( I could hear its noise) suddenly went bright for approx 5 seconds then dimmed to normal.I'd say the smaller jet was approx an open hand width away from the object in front if you held your hand up to the sky.

The larger lights circled round slowly and headed North, turning still to head back to the West. I looked again through the binoculars to see the second image. It was a chevron shape of yellow and red lights and it definitely wasn't multiple jets in formation as there were no navigational lights or flashing strobe lights.

I looked at the smaller jet and it was emitting a very bright light, on and off as if signalling the object in front. Ive only ever seen lights that bright on landing gear on aircraft and they were going too fast to have the landing gear down, plus those lights are designed to be bright from the front not from the side as I was observing it. Only other thought was afterburners but that would have been exceptionally loud even from that distance.

Also, the smaller jet was made up of two red and two white lights, not flashing, just constant. Both headed off West around 22:00 and as far as I am aware it hasn't come round again.

Really strange though that there was no noise from the lead larger object and the rear jet was such an odd configuration
