{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-06-01 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286204","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117183","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9966,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/204/mufon-5286204.json","updb_database_id":5286204}
Metallic cigar shaped UFO chased by two jets

Please see the diagrams I attached in this report.

Some Relative Background History:

Prior to my sighting I had visited/worked on the (then) SAC Air Force Base near Clovis NM and had seen F111. I had also seen a F111 up close on the ground at a recent Roswell Air Show. This F111 information corroborates timing for me, in as I was able to readily or instantaneous ID two F111 chasing the UFO in my sighting. Or, in the sequence of events of my sighting(s), two F111 flew past me probably in the same low path shortly after the UFO passed by. The importance of this is that their size, position, & speed afforded me estimates concerning the UFO. Or the Jets permitted some perspective or reference in a vast open area.

Also, in relation to judging distance, I share that also been an avid hunter my entire life. I state this to support that I’m usually good in judging distances. But I also recognize how easily one can be deceived in perceiving distance and size in vast sparse openness. Also, as an avid hunter, I was familiar with NM military base and range locations. I was not near any range that I knew of. I’d hunted on some NM missile ranges (White Sands & Oscura) or I'd studied NM lands a lot for hunt opportunity. 

I was working then and traveling a lot in the Permian Basin of West Texas and SE NM. I was living in Roswell NM during the time of the sighting. 

While I can vividly remember the sighting, I did not journal it. I didn’t have a compass or anything to confirm exact directions or other such details time of the sighting. Or revisit to do so. 

My father was Air Force and I’d spent time on bases when young. Plus, I had also seen pictures of cruise missiles prior to this sighting. This was as I’d read/heard news of their testing in the later 70’s on the California coast. I recall such missiles launched from subs in the Pacific, flying low, acquiring position, to fly through a burning hoops … or I felt then I knew what a cruise missile looked like. 

Over the years, I have remembered and conveyed the sighting in this report to others as my UFO story. This happened almost always following someone else’s account of their UFO story. I never cared to report it as I assumed this must have been a sighting of a military operation, being some new technology, monitored or tracked by Jets in a test.

I’d never heard of MUFON when this sighting occurred. I am reporting now as I am more interested due to the UFO or UAP media / entertainment hype and I also know/knew 2 men who I witnessed terrified by separate UFO encounters. 

Location:
I was driving East towards Jal NM on 128 and had stopped at a small rest area on the south side of the road. This roadway was (then) a paved 2 lane with little or no improved shoulders. The Rest Area was (again then) meager. It was a small area to pull off the road on the southside. There was a 55Gal drum for trash … and maybe a picnic table. For additional information to support pinpointing the exact location of the sighting, there is small but noticeable rock outcomings protruding close by starting NE of the rest area. It is doubtful this landmark could have changed. This outcropping continues Northward out of sight. I was outside my car for my sighting. I’d was looking NE studying the outcropping (wondering if was part of the prominent caprock to the N?). The site was very remote, barbed wire fencing, sparse dry as you would expect, but with some relief or low contours there. I recall terrain rose gradually from SW to NE near me or the rest area site. The outcropping probably does not elevate that much, maybe 20-30 above rest area position - at its the highest points best I recall. I couldn’t ID the site via Google Earth to pull coordinates. And without better mapping, I’d have to travel the roadway again to locate the sight from memory.

Date / Time: 
It was either Spring or Summer 1987. Temperature was warm. My best time of day is that the sun was high. 

Weather / Visibility: 
No humidity or dust in the air. Visibility was unlimited, vast, or “as far as the eye can see” in most all directions. The exception was to the N-NE from my viewpoint due to a rise the in terrain. Or my low-level extended view was limited to the NE. It was blue sky. If there were any clouds, they were sparse or high, but there was no obstruction to my viewing of the UFO or Jets. 

Sequential Sighting Event: 

My peripheral vision picked up the UFO, I locked vision onto it and tracked it until it was out of sight. The yellow shading in one of the attached diagrams denotes the traverse I witnessed. I estimate it must have crossed over Hwy 128 within a 300 yds. to my west due to its motion or SW to NE traverse. The object passed by quickly. The sighting of the UFO probably lasted 3 seconds max in time. 

I estimate the UFO passed by me possibly as close as 75 yards at one point. It appeared to be moving father from me as it traversed past me. But the long axis of the shape did not appear to change respective of its path. Or I perceived no turn in the long axis. Its elevation was low, or I estimate it was above the ground 100-150 feet in its traverse. The elevation of the UFO did not appear to change as it passed by, but the ground level did some. I estimate it was about 15 degrees up from my point of view. In the sighting real time, I recall it did not gain any altitude as it approached respective higher terrain, with a small rock outcropping in the NE. Its traverse remained flat, but I expected it to gain altitude to pass over it? My perspective in elevation rise would no doubt or probably is exaggerated from my ground level. 

The UFO appeared to be the shape of a cylindrical “uncut” cigar, meaning I recall both ends to be somewhat rounded. I estimate it to be 70 feet long, and 7-10 feet in the cylindrical cross-section diameter. In part of its path of motion, the sun reflected off it, giving it a brief shiny stainless-steel metallic appearance. But it looked to be metallic without the sun reflecting from it. It was not emitting any light, sound, feel, or (residual) smell. I only state smell as it passed relatively close. I observed no markings on it. It appeared smooth. I saw no panels or rivets… I detected no evidence of propulsion, and I saw no wings. 

I lost sight of the object due to its low altitude as it passed behind the raised contour of the ground in the NE. But sight to the SW was unlimited, which leads me into the jet sightings. 

I was standing there in wonder of what did I Just see? I was surveying the sky, and within seconds, I observed a small black dot low on the horizon in my SW. I quickly observed a second dot next to the first dot. The dots were getting bigger as I watched. So, I thought here comes another one (or two). Those dots flew past me, and I easily identified as two F111. The Jets flew the same path as the UFO, same elevation. The F111 wings were swept back and their afterburner was on. I saw and felt it as each jet flew by, one after the other. There was no supersonic shockwave, but a blast could be felt, ear hurting sound. I knew the UFO passed by quickly, but I didn’t realize just how fast until the jets passed. My sighting was very brief. But I felt then, the jets were not fast enough to gain on or catch the UFO.

The time of the sighting, from catching sight of the UFO to Jets passing was probably less than 15 seconds. 

Some Closing Commentary:

The first thing I thought of the UFO, was that it was a fuselage. Realtime, just “fuselage”. Which I quickly rationalized on site I'd seen a low flying cruise missile pass by. Or what else would be so low to the ground? 

I don’t know/recall how fast cruise missiles flew or the true speed of what I had seen, but to stress size, speed, and proximity to the ground, 2 stacked jets (end-on-end) in the path of the UFO, or the Jets, they’d probably touch (or collide). 

It is possible there could have been real small wings not perceptible given my angle of view, and/or the shininess of the object could have masked such a feature. But again, I didn’t see any wings, nor any engine, inlets, or any means in sight, sound, or smell of propulsion. 

One more point to share with respect to long axis of UFO not turning with path traveled and related to my low angle of view, it was clearly long cylindrical, or not saucer shaped. Or I did not see a saucer shape from the side. I've been asked this before. 

I doubt a F111 could have launched it, or it was probably way too big to be a payload. The UFO appeared in length almost that of the jets. Plus, I doubt a big missile would be so very low to the ground. It was shiny vs. I haven’t seen to many shiny military aircraft. 

Lastly, I always wondered why Jets would be flying so fast and dangerously low to be monitoring or chasing whatever it was. I observed they were chasing for some distance. 

It all remains a mystery to me. Even as this is an very old report & I am not a member, please let me know if this corroborates anything.
