{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486204","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73515","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3388,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/204/mufon-5486204.json","updb_database_id":5486204}
{dr}4 red/orange orbs flew over downtown Jacksonville on New Years Eve.

These sighting all took place from our 4th floor balcony on Riverside Ave overlooking downtown and most of San Marco. At around 10pm EST, we noticed three bright red/orange orbs fly just over San Marco from south to north, following the river. The objects flew by one by one on the exact same path and altitude about 1 minute apart for each orb. They disappeared at the same exact spot, right directly in front of us. The objects appeared to be probably about 1000-1500 feet MSL and varied their speed and path with each one following the same path each time. These orbs originated from behind our vantage point from around the Lakewood area and followed the south bank or the St. John's river. 

Fast forward to just after the midnight New Years Eve fireworks downtown, we saw the same three red/orange orbs pop up in San Marco, around the Public School building area. They were about a minute apart. The first one flew up and over the river to the north, then hovered, then descended, then hovered and then flew back towards the south and then started to ascend again and then slowly moved back towards the north while ascending then the orb appeared to move towards the east and put towards the Arlington area (which is confirmed by another sighting that was reported on MUFON by a couple in Arlington). Then as the first odd was making its was up and towards the east, another one appeared from the same area in San Marco and did almost the same thing, but didn't change directions as much and slowly rose up to the northeast and then to the east towards Arlington. At about this time, the first orb disappears in the sky. Then, about a minute later, a third orb appeared in the sky and followed almost the same path. At about this point, the second orb disappeared way up in the sky to the east. The third orb eventually disappeared toward the east just as the other orbs had. Then, about 15 minutes later, a fourth orb suddenly appears over San Marco and changed directions a few times and hovered, got really bright then dim and broth again and quickly rose up in altitude and flew north east while ascending in altitude before slowly disappearing. This last orb flew very very high before disappearing into the night, higher than the other orbs. 

These orbs have been seen in the same area several nights before as well. Two night ago, we saw a red/orange orb hover over the Main Street Bridge area for several minutes. The orb flew very fast from side to side up and down but was perfectly controlled and was very fast. At one point, the orb flew in front of the Main Street Bridge so I could tell it was between my vantage point and the bridge. It stayed in the area for about 10 minutes and then disappeared.
