{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-17 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489204","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70425","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3256,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/204/mufon-5489204.json","updb_database_id":5489204}
1 triangle with one white bright light in the middle and one in each end in yellow/red colour and another one like a round sort of diamond

I was in bed washing a film and head a very strange noise, like big peaces of metal wore scratching (sawing noise) agains each other and then I heard helicopter sounds. One can hear helicopters here often but not these ones. These wore like the melitary ones; the noise was to laud so I got up and looked thru the window and I saw a strange triangle shaped object with tree big lights (one at each end of the triangle) and then there ware lights coming and going all around the sides that change colour (blue, lilac, white, green... like rainbow effects but coming and going) and then the metal noise stopped and all I could hear was the helicopters. As I couldn't see the helicopter(s) from my bedroom window (but could hear that was more than one) I grabbed my phone and went to the balcony to see if I could have a better view. 
As I got to the balcony I put the video on straight away as I saw 2 helicopters following this big object (3 or 4 times bigger then one helicopter) and that is when I realise the helicopters wore different from the usual ones; these wore the big army ones. The Triangle object was looking like a very big dark meal structure triangle with round hedges and was high (thickness) and the lights at the end wore large, like the ones they use in football fields in orange/red colour. and then there was this big like a dome shape in the middle that was white and bright.
By the time the camera is ready on the iPhone I only got a glinps of the big UFO and he vanished but as I was turning the camera to film the helicopters I caught another little light that become more brighter started like pumping light and moving (like dancing) up and down and side ways and wile doing this it got closer and the light was brighter and changing colour between gold and white and light blue and gold again and greenish and it was like rotating and moving and staying still ... and then he just wend away so very fast with a manoeuvre that no aeroplane does. It was so very fast, it certainly wasn't there anymore.

----

I went frame by frame on this little film and is amazing what I could see from the 2nd object. Unfortunately the 1st (and the bigger one, I didn't catch much but one can clearly see that that is a all together different object that one can't identify).

I would love to hear your feedback.
