{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510204","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48202","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2654,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/204/mufon-5510204.json","updb_database_id":5510204}
{dr}It could have been as many as 5, bright lights just hovering, no noise, then quickly left

I was 5/6 years old, we were attending a football game in 1968. My friends and I were sliding down a grassy hill at the end of the field on cardboard. I looked up and saw 4/5 bright lights in the sky above the field, electric blue and very large. Together they made a diamond shape, they just sat there for around 20 minutes. I continued to watch the whole time, the rest of the people at the game saw it but as country people they just sort of ignored the thing. After a time the lights spun very quickly and shot off toward the south. I lived on a farm not to far from Fort Rucker, I have seen all sorts of aircraft in my life, nothing has compared to this in any way. This has stuck with me all my life.

After this event the worst part came, Soon after I saw something that there is really no way to describe. I cant call it human nor animal, it was very tall thin and a dark , almost steel or gunmetal gray. This thing was on our farm and it seemed interested in watching me. The terror I felt is indescribable, It came into our house and was standing in the doorway. I get chills just thinking about it. It1s skin had a sort of shine to it and its eyes were a different color of grey on the outside and black on the inside. Round and seemed to be able to move not only in and out but in different directions.

It was always quiet, never made a sound, but it did manipulate the environment, such as the doors in our home. It was able to do this without touching them, almost like a thought process. After going through this as a child, taking place over around a year on numerous occasions, I have never been the same. My life changed at that moment and I have never really felt comfortable sense, as an adult am I afraid no, however I am very aware of the impact that this had on me as a child. When outside at night I stare into the deep sky and remember this event, I have looked expecting to see them again for the all these years. They have never come back.
