{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-06-03 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527422","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28207","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2478,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/422/mufon-5527422.json","updb_database_id":5527422}
Just a Bright Light

Me and my friend were bored so we decided that we would go out in the front yard with a blanket and lay on the grass and look for shooting stars, I was 14 and she was 15 at the time. I had only seen one shooting star my whole life at this point so i really just wanted to see another one. we both noticed the same one and i was amazed I got so excited thinking O my god a shooting star but it just kept going and it was really high up there and it was brighter than your average shooting star. it didn't stop moving and we ruled out that it was a plane, it kept moving semi fast and then it got to the horizon of my neighbors house from the level we saw it laying down and by that time it was still pretty high up but it was a lot brighter and larger than in was when it was directly above our vision. Once it got the the point where it was brighter and at the house line it changed direction and went to the right so fast we just saw it disappear. We both said to eachother did we just see a *(Word deleted--CMS/sg) UFO. nothing goes in one direction then darts off in the other that fast and that bright. We had the house phone out front with us and my parents were out at dinner with their friends so we called her mom and we were just blurting out words and couldnt think strait and told her what we were doing and what we saw. Her mom seemed almost confused and said maybe you saw a UFO not even doubting our story, she told us to go inside and watch tv or something but it felt like she didn't want us outside. We told my parents when they got home but they just laughed and said we were exaggerating.To this day we remain friends not as close cause we have grown apart but sometimes when we speak we will talk about it just to see if the other one remembers. I honestly can remember it like it was yesterday. 10 years later and i still don't doubt what we saw.
