{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492422","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67117","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4468,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/422/mufon-5492422.json","updb_database_id":5492422}
{rjl} I saw light the on the mountain over and they seemed to

I was at my house on the front porch, waiting for the school bus to get there. I went out early I'm not sure why exactly. I noticed it right away. There were at least five or more of them. They were bright in the dark morning sky. At first I was scared, but I knew this was once in a lifetime opportunity. I dared myself to get a camera, but I didn't, I was afraid if I left and came back it wouldn't be there again. 

It was an odd mix of colors. All the colors in our rainbow mostly brown from the mixing of the colors. The cloud was very large and was distorting as if something was in it and trying to get out. It was trailing around. Normal clouds don't do that. As this was happening there was at least three other large round smoky, fire like, warm colored spheres that seemed to keep a round shape. Even when they soared through the sky at paces that if I looked away I would loose sight of them. It was so odd. They posed no threat to me as far as I knew. I pulled up a camping chair to sit and watch. They had no knowledge that I was there on the top of another foothill watching. Even though they were far away I could clearly see they were large.

One specifically kept swooping down past the tree line and coming back up and continuously did this at separate paces. I believe from what I remember that I saw another light below the trees on the foothill on the other side of the one under the clouds and objects. I thought I was imagining it even in that situation. They often made impossible turns and dropped height to gain height in impossible ways as if they had their own rules on gravity like they could have their own foci point, but bend it at their will. Their was a lot of them in the sky they were swooping around, dipping, flipping, turning and I would have to say they were showing off like they were dancing. The way they moved was IMPOSIABLE. 

That object in the trees rose out of it and I was starting to worry. The one from the trees was just like the others, yet I felt a little unsettled by it. I hoped if it was on a road no one was harmed by it and I haven't investigated if their was. 

The cloud burst in areas to let out other sphere like, burning like faintly seemingly on fire. This began to scare me. The cloud was a nest. Their had to be hundreds in that mass cloud. I was terrified and I think I stayed in the chair, hoping they couldn't see me. I knew the ones that were there were going to leave soon and they did. One stayed behind for a while with another that seemed to vibrate from one specific focal point to another back and forth. It was an odd short distance. The other kept itself close, but zig zagged. I could see in the cloud, but my recollection is misty When I try to remember I feel light headed. The last thing I remember about the cloud is that all the things disappeared into it and I saw inside of it briefly. From those few seconds I remember I can confidently say there were mass numbers.

I forgot about the incident for the rest of the day. Only when I got home and my memory was triggered I felt excitement to tell my parents. My mother believed me and when I tell others they seem insulted or look at me odd. I often forget about this and I hope I can remember it tomorrow. When I remember a single part of the incident it slowly unravels and I begin to remember, just like remembering dreams. This is not the first Flying Thing I have seen in the sky. I often see other odd things around where I live, but we all seem to forget about the incidents or care less. It happens, so often, but UFO's are a rare incident. This is a regular thing for many of us where I live. I know from my own experiences and the only other person I know that takes notice to these events that there is something uncanny here. I want to know what it all this mesns...
