{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-12 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498422","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60761","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4144,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/422/mufon-5498422.json","updb_database_id":5498422}
{rjl} 5th sighting, more than 1, defies ALL logic

I don't know how to photograph this, and I don't care who believes me anymore. I've kept these sightings to myself since Spring of this year when they began, because no matter what I say, people think I'm hallucinating it. This is not my imagination and I surely cannot be the only person to keep seeing these. Each sighting is similar, but different. It always occurs between about 10:00 pm to midnight. I look up every night with every cigarette break and I have nothing to gain here by telling this, other than some comfort that someone else must be seeing these, I am not crazy, and, I know exactly what these are. At first, it really seems like a stationary, bright star, that suddenly moves. I tell myself, it's a satellite or a shooting star, and watch it intently, only for it to defy all logic as the star, moves at speeds that seem impossible. It moves slow at times, then very very fast. They often slow down and speed up and stop. They often switch directions sharply and too quickly to be human. I have also noticed a second one not far from the first on at least 3 occasions. The fireflies as I call them now, seem to sometimes do a light dance with each other...I cannot explain it. They blink at times, resembling morse code. Sometimes, they disappear into thin air and reappear a few seconds later. I followed one that stopped, dimmed, and sort of resumed looking like just a star, only to go brighter than anything I have ever seen, the brightest of the brightest stars, then fling itself further into the northern horizon. When I see them, and watch, it's almost like they are trying to look like stars, and trying to hide their movements if that makes any sense. When I first witnessed these, I thought I was going to have a heart attack. I have never felt that type of fear except for a dream. My jaw opened and I couldn't close it. I couldn't move. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't focus and I just cried. That was earlier this summer and I have seen them multiple times since and while I am awe struck every single time, the truth is, nobody can tell me I'm not seeing what I know I am seeing and I don't care if people think I'm crazy because if people just watch long enough, they will see it too. And, given that these things are being seen so often, I know I will continue to see them, and I will point them out to others when I can, but surely, somebody, can study the skies here and see them and document them. They are real, they are amazing, and whether you decide to investigate or not, I know, without any doubt, these are not from earth. Once others actually see them, the sheer movements they make will say to anyone, that isn't possible. Whatever that is, it defies physics, and is not a human creation. I feel a bit scared to be honest. Why are they there? Why hasn't the government been truthful and why are these and other sightings increasing? What is going to happen to us??? I have such an overwhelming sense of fear. And, anyone that sees these, I know they will too. You cannot see these things and how they move without getting scared. Surely someone else is seeing them! That's all I have to say. I debated doing this all summer until I realized, I have a duty to tell somebody. Even if I am not believed, I want my report in the books, because it is real, and I'll go to my grave adamant and completely and utterly convinced that I know what I'm witnessing. There are no more doubts here. Thank you. Please, have someone watch. I've no doubts you'll see them.
