{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-14 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503422","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55521","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3655,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/422/mufon-5503422.json","updb_database_id":5503422}
{cak} I was noticing the moon and how bright it was and how bright the star next to it was also then the star moved.It was

It was late Friday night early Saturday morning around 12:30 1 on April 11th 2014 and I was letting my dog out. I noticed how bright the street was and looked around the side of my house and the moon was so bright and so was the star that was right next to it,I thought it was something to tell my 13 yr old son about,and to have him come outside to see for himself ,so he did and he wasn't as thrilled as I was but,I was able to share something that I thought was pretty neat with him. At the time I didn't see anything unusual so I went in and went to bed.The next night was Saturday night early Sunday morning and I went out to let my dog out. The moon was just as bright and the star was still there as bright as the night before except this time the star moved and that freaked me out,I wasn't sure if my mind or eyes were messing with me so I took my phone out of my robe pocket and and was trying to figure out how to use the camera. I went in the house and asked my son to help me take a picture of the star because it moved and I couldn't figure out my camera he took my phone and took a picture from his window and all you could see was his screen and the star, so I took my phone because he had it on the camera and I went outside and started snapping pictures. My son and I looked them over and were amazed at what I had caught on camera so I got a little scared and decided I would stop for the night. On Sunday night the 13th of April 2014 into the early morning of Monday the 14th of April 2014 I took my dog out and again looked for that star but this time the moon was over to the left of my house and it was just a half moon, but the star was right in front of my house and it was doing all sorts of things so I started taking pictures and then I realized I could do videos from my phone and I did one and stop after a few minutes,then I tried again and I did a second one and stop,but then I saw it breaking up into three parts and I took more pictures and I started video and I got this sphere shape object spinning very fast with something in it and with a sound I have to be able to make it with my mouth in order for you to understand how it sounded. As I was recording it was fairly cold out and as the sphere seemed to get closer I noticed a sense of calm and warmth come over and then the sound seemed as though it was right in my ear and possibly right above me or behind me so I turned around to see if it was in,even though I could see it in front of me I thought maybe there was two. Thank goodness there was nothing behind or above me,just in front of me and then I got really afraid and I stopped and went in side. I will not release my video or photos. Your company can send someone to talk with me and view what I have and then we can go from there you have my phone number,my e-mail,and my address please contact me I am very afraid and really don't know what to do. Thank you for viewing [Name removed/cms/tg]
