{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-11-20 02:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497422","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61941","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3504,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/422/mufon-5497422.json","updb_database_id":5497422}
{nd} Arroyo Grande: Bright Dark Purple Object with White Light Beam

Back in the 1979-80 time frame, while studying mechanical engineering at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, I worked part-time as a poker dealer in a Club located right on Pacific Coast Hwy 1 in Oceano, CA. Through this stretch the hwy is only two lanes. The club was located on the east side of the highway and on the opposite site was a field, railroad tracks, and an area close to the road that some of the patrons would park in. The particular night in question there was a scheduled missile launch of some sort at Vandenberg Air Force Base at 10:00 PM. Since the sky was clear the players at my table thought it would be fun to go across the street and watch the launch so we paused the game and all went out to watch about 5 minutes prior. As scheduled the launch went off flawlessly and we returned and continued the game. The game went on for another 4-5 hours and then broke so my shift was over. 

20 minutes later I'm driving up my driveway which is out in the woods located on Carpenter Canyon Rd (Hwy 227). The property slopes up a decent hill (maybe 400 ft elevation change from the road to the top of the hill/ridge). The driveway is surrounded with pretty high trees so you have the feeling of being in a tunnel. After 100 feet up the driveway there is a left turn which immediately opens up to a sloping field. The trailer I'm staying in is on the left about 30 feet away and the field runs up the hill about another 75 feet. At that point the hillside is covered with trees to the top and over. 

As I pull in front of our mobile home, my attention is immediately caught by a bright white light emanating out of the bottom center of a purplish glowing object hovering 20 feet above the treetops on the ridge (trees may have been 30 ft tall). The purplish object was approximately 30 -40 feet wide and 7 - 12 feet thick. The white light was about 3 feet wide and went straight down through the trees like a light tube. The object sat there for a maybe 10 seconds or so while I parked and got out of my car. Then I stood there for 20 - 30 seconds staring at it when I decided to wake up my girlfriend. She came out immediately and we both watched it for several minutes longer. Then it just vanished-like turning off a light. However, there was a black smoke/soot left in the sky where the purplish shape was. 
thought it was odd that I could never really made out an object, just the purplish glowing mass.

I've included a photo and added/edited the object and light beam. The photo is not of the actual location either as I've not lived in the area for some time. The second photo shows, poorly, the soot.
