{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-04 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465422","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95356","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4076,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/422/mufon-5465422.json","updb_database_id":5465422}
{jpg} Slient low flying wedge shaped over the Pine Lake section of Sammamish, WA

Last night a UFO flew directly over my home when I was walking my dog (ex. ufo.png). 1I've recreated a Photoshop piece showing what it looked like as best I can. 1Even if I had a camera I would not be able to have captured it because, it was just too dark. 1It was wedge shaped sort of like the black triangle types that can be found online but not really, more arrow head shaped with no wings. 1Actually very similar to the shape of a Star Wars Imperial Star Destroyer. 1It was very ghost like almost transparent looking, as if it was cloaked where you could just make out the edges. Somewhat lighter than the night sky. If it hadn't had been for the faint cool colored lights on it I would have completely missed it, even though it was flying relatively low. When I fist saw it I had no idea what it was, I simply had no reference point for such a thing. I immediately thought it was maybe one of the black triangle UFOs that commonly sighted but it didn't look like the ones I've seen online. I definitely thought that it was either absolutely alien or some sort of super high tech secret military craft based on alien technology. At the time there were one or two other planes in the sky when this thing went by but, not close or chasing it.

In the picture I've attached the point of view was as if looking straight up at the bottom of it flying directly overhead, flying straight in the direction of the pointy end from right to left. 1It was probably no more than a couple of hundred yards up in the sky but, difficult to tell exactly, moving pretty quickly and totally silent. 1It was also pretty big. I would estimate it was probably as big as a commercial airplane but probably not bigger than a Goodyear blimp. There were several faint lights, not much brighter than the surrounding stars but, not in the configuration of the black triangle UFOs that are often depicted. This happened at 8pm exactly. It was flying North to South and gliding quickly about the speed of a low flying plane before landing; however, I had enough time to see it clearly. It probably took 5 seconds for it to travel from the time I saw it directly overhead until I couldn1t make it out on the horizon perhaps a mile or two off. It was awesome at first then my rational brain kicked in and it freaked me out and made the hairs on my arms stand up straight.

The strange thing is exactly an hour later, at 9pm, I came outside to look for it again and I saw another UFO (ex. ufo2.png), or perhaps several flying in formation. They appeared to be faint glowing orbs that were also cool colored, also gliding quickly but, again absolutely silently through the sky in a bow shaped pattern. They were flying from a southeasterly to a northwesterly direction a bit more to the west of where the first one I saw earlier. There was a helicopter with a red light on it flying over at the same time I saw these orbs. It was not a private small helicopter but a powerful one but, I couldn't make out any colors if there were any. This UFO was amazing too but, definitely not as absolutely spectacular as the first. There was definitely something weird going on out here in the PNW skies last night. It was a nice clear night last night.
