{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-07 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514422","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43800","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3190,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/422/mufon-5514422.json","updb_database_id":5514422}
{dr}UFO followed by 5 or 6 smaller jets.

Out on a walk in our neighborhood with my 20 month old son just before sun down at 5:30pm. He pointed up at the sky at a rose colored craft (perhaps from the colors cast by the setting sun?) with three large round lights stationed on one side of the craft(not sure if went around it or if they were on the underside, but looked to be on its side). It was leaving a trail that quickly dissipated, flying in a straight line toward an approaching storm cloud in the south-southwest. The lights after a few moments of staring at the craft brightened into a single slow flash then dimmed, seemingly toward us. This could have been reflection on the underside from the sun except that the flash would have been facing away from where the sun was setting. 
The craft disappeared overtop the approaching dark cloud.

Following that craft (in pursuit?) was a smaller thin craft/jet (couldnt make out any features other than thin shape and dark grey) a few lengthwise hands further north along the same path creating a similar dissipating trail behind it (meaning there was no contrail left behind like I often see). After that another jet going the same direction, same pace, similar or longer distance away as between the first and second crafts appeared in the North where the others had come from. In succession, a total of 5 or 6 (maybe more, I was distracted with my son after the 6th one) jets came into view. At any given moment I could only observe two of the jets in the sky. After one would disappear over the cloud, I would look further out toward the North where they were coming and would notice another one. They were difficult to see farther away. If they pursued any closer together it would have been a suspicious siting. The oddness of the siting was waiting and observing the entire succession of it. I haven never seen so many aerial crafts going in the same direction in such an organized fashion. 

My impression was that they were pursuing the first craft and taking off down their runway one right after another in a hurried manner (brings to mind the line "Scramble the fighters/pilots!"). I wondered, though, if they were just planes coming from the airport on the other side of the freeway (to the east-northeast from my position). But do commercial planes take off that immediately after one another? And they werent blinking any lights like passenger flights and were not nearly as large. The passenger flights are huge by the time they get overhead in this airspace because the airport is so close. Curious what they were rushing after.
