{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-10 03:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510371","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48032","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2757,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/371/mufon-5510371.json","updb_database_id":5510371}
(GS) Two silent, bright white lights that hovered and then moved away rapidly in irregular flight path

I am currently on a camping trip south of Prescott AZ. Last night I went to bed soon after midnight. Because there isnt any chance of rain I set up my tent without the rainfly so I could see the stars. Im unsure of the time but i estimate sometime between 2:30 and 4 a.m. I woke up having to use the bathroom. Lying on my back I was looking up at the stars when I noticed a brighter than usual star directly above me. I have no idea how high it was because it only appeared to be a star. It was a very bright white, almost with a blue tint to it. I don't know the location of constellations other than a fewmajor ones and the north star so it didn't occur to me that it could be anything other than a star. Then it started moving maybe two or three minutes after I initially noticed it. It was faster than any plane I have ever seen up here, and that comparison includes 2 fighter jets I saw last year, (f-16s I think). I would say it was going a little faster than the jets did. It moved in a nne direction, in a straight line initially, then after it had crossed about 1/3 of the horizon it began to zig left and right in about 1 second durations, doing the same angle of change each time and continuing nne overall. Each turn might have been 5 degrees or so. It only took about 20 seconds for it to go beyond the horizon I could see. I was more alert and scanned the sky for a little while and saw another light maybe 5 minutes later I noticed another stationary light is similar brightness wnw of me. I watched it for a few minutes and then it started moving at about the same speed to the right across the horizon from my perspective. I was only able to see it for a few seconds before its path took it behind a mountain that blocked any more view of it. 

There was no moon out, no clouds, no wind and no other lights like planes at that time. I didn't hear any sound at all I would associate with aircraft, just very silent. I intend to be up here camping for a few more days so I would be happy to show an investigator where I am or provide gps coordinates.
