{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-15 01:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525371","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30386","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4092,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/371/mufon-5525371.json","updb_database_id":5525371}
was griving down growdon rd late one night last year and saw first what looked like a tower of lights that were pulsating upwards then the tower began to grow with a new set of lights above it which extended to the night sky which sequentially flashed.

It was late past 1am when i was driving home, I usually take a side road to get home which is rather dark and happens to go around a flight strip where planes land near my home. that area is particularly dark as there are no artificial lights in the immediate area so you can see all the stars. Sometimes i would even park my car and star gaze some nights but this particular night i was just driving home, it was past 1am im sure and having grown up in this area im familiar with the lights/buildings in the area. As i was driving down that long dark winding Growdon rd near Kelly USA - port san antonio (formerly Kelly AFB)I saw a tower of lights in the distance.. and i wondered to myself when they had built that tower because i had never seen a string of lights before in that area in the distance. (from where it was i imagined it was past kelly afb which is a considerable distance and maybe on the other side of it near old pearsall rd.) so i kept driving but then i noticed a second set of lights turn on above that tall tower... so it looked like the tower was actually much taller with a string of lights running along it down to the ground. So at this point i began to slow down because i hadnt noticed this tower of light before and i noticed my radio began to static so i turned it off. and slowed down and continued to watch the "tower of lights" when a third set of lights turned on which made the tower even taller, now it was a size that i had never seen a tower which was built by man, at this point it even appeared as if the lights extended off into the sky, into clouds that had overcast the night. at this point i literally had to stretch my neck towards my dash board to see how far the lights were going up in to the sky, so i pulled over and got off the car. and watched as these lights started to ascend upwards in a pulsating sequential order, i imagined maybe it was like a tube that connected to the ground and extended off into space... although im not really sure what it was. I noticed further down the road at this point a car was also pulled over because i could see their red tail lights on in the distance. and stood their in wonderment for at least ten minutes im thinking because i didn't know what it was and the lights kept blinking upwards until it all just shut off and went dark and then it appeared as if the tower was gone. I got back in my car and drove towards the other car that was parked and saw a man standing outside of his car just looking in that direction, it was really dark outside and late so although i wanted to stop and ask him if he had seen it i was too shook up from the whole experience and i got paranoid thinking maybe he knew what it was and i didn't want him to know i had seen it too. Funny enough the next day i drove down that road again to see if there was in fact a tower or something off in the distance, but there wasnt. And strangely enough not long after this the govt had this road closed and now no one can actually drive through it, i found that expecially creepy. They called it flight line and people used to always come here to watch the air shows or even randon planes land. I still live in the neighborhood near there and i still wonder what it was that i saw...
