{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-22 01:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500371","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58736","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4268,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/371/mufon-5500371.json","updb_database_id":5500371}
Possible Abduction...... Please help!

I had just left Saskatoon at 1:17am, I know because I text my husband to let him know, and continued my drive to Alberta. At 1:23am the sky lit up like I've never seen it do before, the entire sky turned WHITE so I looked out over the wheel up to the sky to see if I could see anything..... Well I did, and it have never been more terrified, there was what appeared to me to be an extremely bright white missile shooting towards the ground, I thought that I was done, I woke up my passenger and he was able to witness it just before it hit the fog in the farmers field next to us (the fog only being about 10feet in height) this object was about the same size as a school bus. By this time I had pulled over as well and saw that as it went into the fog, still full speed, it turned bright green and disappeared . Once I realized that there was no blast, no, boom, no explosion, I immediately text my husband again asking him to please call me, he didn't right away so I tried him, and was told by my phone that my service was temporarily unavailable. In my panic I text him again with a plain NOW, to which he replied that he couldn't call me, as when he tried he was told I was unavailable. It was about 2 hours later that I could finally make calls again. Well I started driving again and had my passenger text my husband for me, to which we were informed that my husband saw this light 6hrs away. I started to feel numb within 15 mins of the sighting, to the point where I had to pull over and let my friend take over for awhile, within 25minutes I was feeling extremely nauseous, and within 40mins we had to pull over so I could vomit. After that I felt better so I contributed it to my nerves, so I got back behind the wheel and continued on my way home. I instantly noticed that something was not right in my left side peripheral vision, and still cannot tell you what was there because everything in me told me to not look in that direction. About 1hr 30mins after the sighting I couldn't do it anymore, I was struggling to no look left in which there seemed to be a pull for me to do so, but I refused to so I wouldn't . I pulled over in a roadside turnout ( place to throw out garbage along the highway, or take a quick rest) and was very surprised at how full it was, and I had a hard time finding a spot to park. But as soon as we stopped moving I was hit with an overwhelming tiredness so I made sure that we were locked in ( false security I know) and fell asleep for about 10min when I was suddenly awake, I still felt a bit woozy and tried to get back to sleep, I noticed it was 3:01am at that time, I layed there for a long time with my eyes closed and rested until I felt ok to hit the road again. Well my husband being inquisitive instantly looked at the news, weather network, and online for an explanation, none being found until after I had been home for hours when a friend posted an article from a newspaper saying that the UofCalgary had released a photo to the of a "fireball" that had happened at the same time of my sighting. I know what I saw wasn't a fireball, so I called the University's astronomy section and was informed that a fireball did not happen, that I must have misread something somewhere. I then called the newspaper and spoke to the author of the article, he had said that he originally contacted the UofC after many reports of this blinding bright white light in the sky coming in,he was then sent a picture of a photo that they had take of said object. I told him that the school denied reporting anything at all to them he let me go to call them back , where it was denied to him as well.
