{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-27 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283371","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120067","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4810,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/371/mufon-5283371.json","updb_database_id":5283371}
non-FAA conforming aircraft observed

Sitting near favorite parking spot in vehicle, SE parking area to Lake Loveland, Loveland, CO, engaged in "sky watching" for unusual aerial activity in area over area's western, wide-angle view of local section of foothills and initial peaks into Rocky Mountain range. After nightfall and observing few conventional aircraft traverse area, Observed approach of unusual, steady, yellowish/amber-white light source proceed through air from apparently behind area's western mountain peaks and foot hills on west-to east trajectory, that appeared to be at approx. 5,000'+ altitude, when first noticed. Noting bit unusual coloration to light for aircraft, focused attention to light source, to observe traveling at consistent pace, equivalent of maximum-rate small conventional aircraft, or slow-pace for jet. Light source appeared somewhat large for light aircraft "landing lights", but smaller than commercial aircraft's. While observing object's gradual approach to near own location, attempted to notice any FAA-required aircraft nighttime safety lighting colors of white, green and red, but could not observe any such. When light source was progressing to nearly overhead location, could not discern any kind of darkened "body"/outline/structure of any kind around and supporting the light source to suggest "landing light" of conventional aircraft under FAA contact/control, unless possibly intentionally "darkened" to match sky conditions. Progress eventually caused object to be lost to direct view for few seconds, until jutted own head out vehicle's driver-side open window, to visually reacquire observation of the object. Immediately relocated object, to then observe that it had apparently activated a pair of additional, steady, yellowish/amber-white light sources of somewhat smaller, size and lesser intensity trailing behind the initial light source, that maintained positions relative to the initial light, as if some kind of "wing-tip" marking lights for either wide delta-wing, chevron, boomerang, isosceles triangular, or other dimensional object with access to wide isosceles triangular-patterned external lighting. Still could not note any kind of actual body/outline/structure around and supporting the light sources, but had appearance of singular object possessed of multiple external lights. Noted that when observed for second time, with additional lights, new lights and initial light were all of steady, radiant-glowing nature, and that could not detect any associated conventional aircraft engine noises, or FAA green or red lighting. As object approached own general location, appeared to drop a little in cruising altitude, until reaching approx. 4,000', maintained thereafter. When object's progress took it to position little past own general location, observed object to make small course alteration/turn, and was now headed on a trajectory towards the general southeast. Took eyes off object for few seconds, to swivel/adjust own position in vehicle, and with head still outside vehicle window, visually relocated object to note that it had begun flashing the smaller lights on-and-off rhythmically in tandem/unison at a moderate rate, although still no sign of either green of red lighting required by FAA. While object passed out of uninterrupted viewing, took note that the object seemed possibly "reactive" to mental critiques of its appearance/performance, and seemed to attempt to make corrections towards that that desired appearance, as if possibly able to "read thoughts". In case of such, mentally thought that the blinking of the smaller lights should possibly be done in opposition to each other, and that they should be of green, plus red coloration, if trying to "sneak" about on whatever business trying to look like conventional aircraft. Length of observation approx. 5-7 minutes. No note of actual moon/sky conditions, but low light levels. No precipitation, and noted no-low wind activity, with dropping temps. Closest approach when nearly overhead, at approx. 4,000' altitude. Range when first noticed approx. 3+ miles, when last viewed at approx. 3/4 mile distance. Viewed at multiple angles. Sketches available.
