{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-25 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456371","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105225","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3080,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/371/mufon-5456371.json","updb_database_id":5456371}
{rjl} Reddish orange lights that changed shape and color and zipped across the sky

My boyfriend and I were walking our dog last night on Solomon Avenue in Tybee Island, Georgia. We were on the part of Solomon Avenue that intersects with Miller Avenue. It is a dark, not very well lit section of Solomon, a dirt road. When we left home to walk our dog, I was staring at the sky hoping to see remnants of the Ursid meteor shower. We went a block down Solomon and turned around and headed back towards home and I again started looking at the sky. I saw six almost dim reddish orange lights in the sky. They appeared to be the size of basketballs and they were more oval in shape than round. They were moving slowly, almost hovering right over us. They were moving slowly to the south. I stared at them for a few seconds trying to figure out what they were. They were all the same shape and size and they were all moving at the same speed, so I assumed the lights were attached to a larger object. But then I realized there was no sound whatsoever and the lights never blinked. It couldn't have been a drone or plane. I thought that was strange and I said to my boyfriend, "Hey, look! What is THAT"? He looked up and said that he didn't know. As soon as we spoke, the lights changed color and seemed to get smaller (further away?), they changed shape, and abruptly changed directions. That is when I realized what I had been looking at was not one solid object at all. And on top of that, I could only see four objects at that point, not six anymore. At that point they looked to me like little hazy diamond shapes with small circles in the center (like portholes?). My boyfriend said that he did not see the diamond shapes, only white orbs. We both saw that the white shapes did some acrobatics as they sped southward. They spun around, turned upside down, crossed into each others paths and split apart again. These objects were not lanterns, they were not a drone, and they moved so quickly and in ways I have never seen a plane move. We stood there watching the acrobatics as the objects were zipping south across the sky. When the objects got above the roof line of the house in front of us, two of the objects abruptly zoomed to the east and the other two zoomed to the west and they all disappeared. I did not think to take my phone with me while we walked our dog, so we did not get any photos or video. I was only hoping to see a meteor, but I got a lot more than I bargained for.
