{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-12 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500424","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58682","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3535,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/424/mufon-5500424.json","updb_database_id":5500424}
{nd} Planet-like Orb Entity Approaches Me, Hovers, Spins Away

Driving from Carlsbad CA en route to see a friend play at Red Rock in Denver CO, we stopped frequently and drove not more than a few miles from an I-15 exit to take photos/shoot video on the day we left north San Diego, the day of the "big Moon" in mid-July 2014 (July 12th I think, camera date was unintentionally shifted to 2015 at some point prior to or during encounter). We pulled off the interstate at an exit when we noticed a train that would make potential material to accompany the moon.Around 8:30pm - approx. sighting time-= put us just north of San Bernardino and south of Barstow on the backside of I-15 North as the sun set and the moon came into view (GPS off on camera). I actually didn't notice the object at the time, in fact I don't recall shooting anything more than a few stills around this time, which I will try to find and include here because they tell a bigger, bizarre story. The train had completely passed within 30 seconds of pulling the car over and the stills were shot nearby around the same time as video. If not some sort of optical illusion or lens flare, it appears that a green/greenish blue orb looking like a man-in-the-moon comes from the background on a path pretty directly at me - but swooping and changing direction quickly - then hovering for a minute and quickly turning around and returning to what some photo enhancements of stills taken later seems to be a large opening of a distant mountain side. I couldn't hear anything over the sound of the freight train and don't even recall seeing the orb when I took stills after the train had passed. Not sure this counts as a sighting since it was after the fact, didn't notice anything until reviewing what I thought was throwaway digital video and stills shot blindly toward the moon/horizon. Didn't think I'd gotten any good shots off so didn't get around to seeing this until a week or so ago. The video clip, albeit brief, seems to show this orb on the other side of the top of the fence, so despite shaky footage I don't think it was lens light refracting oddly. I'll attach a still but hold back on the ones that seem to show the orb being chased to the ground by a giant cat-shaped cloud where it transforms into what appears in other brightened stills to be a green humanoid creature riding a giant lizard into a giant cave as about 5 people scattered about on the ground kneel pointing pistols up at the cloud. No, really. But I won't throw those up here lest this video and photo turn out to be nothing unusual or a freak natural phenomena, in which case the latter photo interpretation will make me appear certifiably nuts. Which I am, apparently!
