{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-09-15 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525424","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30330","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2588,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/424/mufon-5525424.json","updb_database_id":5525424}
My friend and I witnessed a green object (flash/light) shaped like a comet with a tail crashing behind the horizon in the woods.

I'm not sure of the exact date of this event. I may have it written down somewhere, but I don't feel like digging.I know it happened in the late nineties close to the millenium. My friend and I were in my backyard fishing in North Stonington CT on the border of Ledyard a couple miles from Foxwoods casino. We looked up suddenly and saw this green glowing light in the sky shaped kind of like a comet. It almost looked like a meteorite falling out of the sky with a "tail" behind it, as if it were burning. It fell down out of the sky and went down in the woods behind our visible horizon. It looked to be about two miles away, judging from it's relation to the casino/reservation. From that distance the object appeared quite large in the sky. I've seen meteorites fall before, but I've never seen anything that large from that distance. It was definitely an unidentifiable object. My friend and I were both very excited at this strange sight. A few minutes later, my phone rang, and a friend of mine who lived on the other end of town said he and two of our other friends had seen it from there as well. When I answered the phone, the first thing he said was, "You're not going to believe this, we all just saw a ufo."Blank" and I saw it from my house, then "blank" called and said he saw it from his house. I'm not sure about this, but he said he saw a bunch of helicopters flying in that direction towards where it went down." We all waited to hear something about it on the news, but there was nothing. Five of us saw this event/object from three different locations around town.On two or three other occasions, I have also seen lights in the sky that moved the same as most descriptions of ufos I have heard. They hover in one place for awhile, then they seem to either disappear and reappear somewhere else, or move in impossible directions very quickly.
