{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-20 02:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518697","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38326","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2631,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/697/mufon-5518697.json","updb_database_id":5518697}
UFOs over a building in Cleveland Ohio

I was returning home to Chicago, from DC, on an Amtrak train, Capitol 29, that Ive used many times. I was awake as the train pulled into the station at Cleveland, Ohio. It was early Sunday morning, May 20th, about 2:30 AM when the train stopped. I looked out the window only to see a number of UFOS, seen as white orbs, as many as 8 at one time. The sky was clear with no clouds. They were circling around a skyscraper, near the top which ended with a pyramid type tower and a spire. I was totally lucid, wondering what they were as they encircled the spire, moving in different directions, blinking out, then re-appearing. They changed directions, almost as if they were drawing from the energy from a pulsating light on the top. At first, it looked like swarms of insects that would be attracted to light. Then, I thought it might be a flock of birds. On top of the spire was ball of light that they seemed to be "playing" with. As the train remained at the station for almost 30 minutes, I watched them for almost as long. It was almost as if they were enjoying the chance to make themselves known. They would move in a swarm, then back away with some disappearing.                                                                                     

When I got home, I checked out UFO sightings in Cleveland, and found that this is a common occurence that was brought to attention by a TV station a few years ago. Its the Key Building where I remember seeing a large lighted key as an insignia. It was way too high and distant for these orbs to be be insects, birds or other phenomena. 

I am a member of a MUFON group in Chicago, so I am very skeptical of these sightings, but this is something that remains a mystery for me. I looked at other skyscrapers in the vicinity, but saw nothing. It seems that this particular building has attracted them in the past. In my opinion, this was a UFO sighting. I took a picture with my cell phone which only showed the lighted tower in the distance.
