{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-08 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498697","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60476","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2582,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/697/mufon-5498697.json","updb_database_id":5498697}
{nd} flash of light. like a star. no trail like meteor. had already observed aircraft in sky with flashing lights nowhere near the object in question.

I went out to walk my dog during the middle of a TV show I'd normally never interrupt to walk him. The dog was asleep, I made the conscious decision to walk him in the middle of the show for no apparent reason. I always check out stars, planets, constellations, aircraft, etc, during my walks. Where light pollution isn't an issue especially.

I first thought it could be an aircraft whose flashing light never came back on. I had spotted an aircraft to the north flying south. I also thought a star or meteor. But a meteor more than likely would have left a trail. Most aircraft have the blinking lights. 

I saw the light which appeared as a star much brighter than anything else in the sky even brighter than the aircraft lights spotted going north to south.

No reactions no sounds from either the object or other craft. Nothing else out of the ordinary. I was not sleepy or under the influence of any drugs or hallucinogen's. 

I lost sight when it disappeared suddenly. I only saw the light for a second or two. 

I'm only reporting it because to me it was unidentified. I can normally explain everything I've seen (except for once around the age of ten when I saw either a supermoon or very large UFO). I'm not an astronomer but I am a star gazer and I've read astronomy books since I was seven or eight. My grandfather sent books on astronomy but most were college level and although I couldn't understand everything. I knew all the planets and one book even had an early map of Mars. 

As I've said I didn't expect to see anything out of the ordinary. It may have been nothing. But was not identified by me. Or my experience with sky gazing. I wouldn't have reported it had I not gone out when I did during a time I normally wouldn't. Namely during one of my favorite TV shows premiere of the fall season.
