{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-14 21:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526963","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28690","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4500,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/963/mufon-5526963.json","updb_database_id":5526963}
3 lights in triagle shape

moving west to east above route 66 in azusa, ca. It passed the big dipper and took less than a second and a half to cross it. the 3 lights were dimmer then the big dipper stars and moved in a straight line towards the east. no sound. slightly hazy sky. a plane crossed the path a couple of minutes later but you could see it was a plane and you could hear the plane. after the plane passed you could no longer see the front light but the ufo passed and was in the distance and you could still see the 3 lights clearly. I do not recall anything between the 3 objects. It may not have been solid. My wife confirmed that. the lights to her were roundish triagle shaped objects. she first thought they were birds then saw they were not She told me and I looked up and saw the lights passing the big dipper. I stood up and follwed the objects and walked along my footpath. but the lights were so fast they glided by quickly. No sound at all. The plane that passed by a couple of minutes later was loud and it appeared to be at approximatley the same level as the 3 lights. the 3 lighted triagle size was able to fit between the two stars that make up the big dippers spoon top and beginning of the handle. It glided smoothly. It was not a delta winged stealth bomber. I have seen that shape and it was not the same. To me it weas almost a crooked triagle shape. the light that was on the north end appeared to be a little off like a plane looks when it is turning. Noted by another plane turning later that night. >>> afterwards we kept looking and saw lights in the sky above the foothils. above the "A" in the azusa, ca. mountains just south of the san gabriel river, above the firestation. the lights were behind the mountains or on top. as we watched my wife saw thee lights swirling around "as if they were playing". I saw 2 very dim lights start to go up. as they continued to climbed one came out of the west and swirled around birdlike but fast maybe a hundred feet above foothill bl. and my apartment. right where the old foothil drive in marqee still stands. we have both seen a lot of strange lights in the foothilss here and glendora, ca., irwindale, ca. I think this area could use a camera pointing at a couple of spots in the hills. also, in sept. of i thnk 2005 we saw a triagle pass over the miller beer factory. and a light above glecdora, ca with fiber optic lights coming out of it shooting lighted balls out of it. scared my wife and made her a believer in UFO and strange things she can not explain. she never beleived me until then and now she looks a lot up into the stars. we were trying to see the lights from the rocket from vandenbeurg airforce base but my wife did not know wichw way to look so we were looking north and up. not south like we should have been .we were looking in the wrong place but it turned out to be the very best and right place to look. she doesn't want to tell anybody because people will think she is crazy. I think i am crazy already and will tell everybocy. so what. what I see is what I see and I do not care who believes me. I wanted to say something because tyhe last two really good sightings i had. werenot given to mufon. I finally found out you guys do sightins reports and now I will be informing you the day after or if on the week end the day i come back to work. I saw a ball in los angeles 1996, followed by a heuy two proped helicopter and know that the balls are at least 3 3 1/2 feet waide. I saw the army army gut with his machine gun looking at me while i looked at me back. different story but i have been waiting to say my piece. also one story in glendora, ca 2006 with 8 balls of light that looke dlike ballons at firts, then birds flying in formation then forming a stright line, half moon and zooming away trunign and flying east above the foothils. enough for now. we have drawnings of what we saw last night.
