{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-06-01 13:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547963","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13282","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3186,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/963/mufon-5547963.json","updb_database_id":5547963}
I saw something big that night and it changed my life!

I was riding shotgun one evening and my partner i grew up with was driving.
We had just picked up a load of paper and were almost 30 min east of I-95 on hwy 64 mile marker 489 1/2 headed home. John tells me he sees a red and white light pulsating.
I tell him its probably a planet with a moon pulsating around it. 
John tells me no its getting closer, and for me to look. I lean over and saw something big headed right for us. I told John to stop and head pulled off the road best he could and hit the for ways, and we get out. this thing was moving slow. It had up right windows 5 of them in the nose of the craft and wing spread so long we guessed and average of 1/8 mile port to starboard and black. Boy was it big (John said it took up the sky!)
underside we saw a red flush mount can light under the nose and a white can lights under each wing tip. The underside surface was like looking through glass or a mirage if you would, and you could still see some stars but murky like to the eye. It was like watery.
It slowly passes over us and we both got quiet held up my finger and tilted turned my head slowly i got a faint hint of a very small jet engine sound. like it was on top, and there was no breeze. 
Back home I made some calls and found that we do have some kind of reconnaissance balloon thats wedge shaped and not to be alarmed of the cloaking devises. There could be cameras on top of the wings, and L.E.D. screens on bottom....Wow!
Well my friends and family didn't believe me and neither did Johns family, so we kept to ourselves. 
John started having problems sleeping and it effecting his driving. He wanted to know if we lost time that night. I didn't know. John was later let go to find another job. and now my carrier is not so hot either and i have found something in bedded in my hand above my thumb a small bead perhaps. 
The persons i called are now denying everything they were telling me about any such reconnaissance craft. John has now past on in a truck they say. 

Heres the kicker some friends were home one night and their 3 kids ran in to tell them about this slow plane in the sky. They all 5 go out and see the same thing John and i saw. Claims to never disbelieve me again. It was spotted again that night in Locust N.C. on a moonlit night two months after John and I.  Aug 05
