{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-30 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491963","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67589","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3211,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/963/mufon-5491963.json","updb_database_id":5491963}
{jpg} a light came down, stopped then emitted a beam moved another way and then did a oval move with object two.

This is my first report and my first time witnessing something completely unexplainable to my mind. I am an analytical person. I never thought I would see something I would be so dumb-founded over. It was May 30th/2015 and I was on my front landing at about 1am. A bright orb, which at first looked like any other satellite in the sky. It was tracking from the SE of me down towards the horizon and moving a bit faster than a normal satellite, after I thought about it for a second. The object stopped then emitted a beam of light that looked like moonlight and coned to the ground. After I guess a couple of seconds it stopped the light and proceeded to move to the west. When it did that I noticed another object to its west, now moving towards the first object(towards the east). The second object was a bit dimmer but it was closer to other light sources like the almost full moon and Venus, than the first object. The two objects then moved around each other in an oval shape, the first object doing a semi circle under the second object as the second did the same move only above. Both objects then vanished. The whole incident took only perhaps 15 seconds. I was unable to take any photos or video as the time was so short and I was not looking for UFO's. I always thought people just had too much imagination or are nuts or want attention. I am none of those things and am actually hesitant to report without any evidence but my brother in Ontario said he heard that the US government had reported that they were doing testing of some kind over the pacific north west, near the border with Canada on that night and that others had seen something but I don't know about any of that and have not seen any reports nor have I actually tried to research what I saw. I thought maybe if I just report it that I might learn more and not look at anything before then that might influence my thoughts on all this. I enjoy some of the shows you do and I think it is good that people are checking into things that are too real to be explained by weather events or balloons. I have been out looking and seen nothing more, however I do have a camera ready now, just in case. If possible I would love to hear if what I saw was reported by anyone else and if there is recorded evidence that would lend credence to what I saw, because it did not look like anything man made. I do have a sketch but I believe my description is accurate and prefer not to submit anything at this time. Thanks and happy searching, J Belin.
