{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-07 20:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507963","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50708","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3557,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/963/mufon-5507963.json","updb_database_id":5507963}
{rjl} I cant decribe in 25 words, these orbs sat in air, and one of them spit out 2 matching orbs

Saturday evening 9.7.2013 around 8:58 pm my girlfriend and I was sitting on our porch we noticed 4 to 5 shooting stars in the distance and said wow the sky is alive tonight, and it seem like within seconds we watched a orangish bright orb thing to our right fly in real slow, it didn't fly it more like just floated, and then all of a sudden our crickets that was chirping stopped, and made no noises and we watched this thing slowly float away, and we both said wow what the hell is that, and then within seconds another orbish thing floated in that seem like it was on the exact same path the one before it prior was on. We was kind of freaked out, and I ran inside to get the camera but sadly the batteries died and would not work, we watched these 2 orbish things just sit there in mid air, and then all of a sudden they started to move real slowly and float away. My girlfriend took the dogs inside as I sat inside by the door looking outside, and then all of a sudden this really really big orb thing sat above our house, and I said holy @#$% karen come here look at this, as she rushed out to see what was happening we watched this orange orb spit out 2 more orange orbs of the same exact size and color and one spit out to the left and one went to the right, and then this thing just sat there in the air, no noise, no winds, if this would have been 10 minutes sooner we would of seen what exactly what it was. We also seen a body, it look black, maybe grey, or even a dark grey with the now black sky we couldnt clearly make out the body, but it did look like a arrow, you could a arrow shaped head that had this body that went back to like a tail of this object, we couldnt see a tail but we all know a plane needs a tail to fly, right? We really don't know how long the whole event took place because we was more interested in the object in the sky. Once this thing spit out these 2 orbs they made a line of a tight pattern and then we watched it slowly float towards the mountain. The one thing I do remember is the orange wasnt so bright and the light seem to like flare, these tiny rays of light shot of the orange color. Kind of like watching flares as they burn. We then watched this thing sit there in the air and then all of a sudden it moved towards the mountain and just disappeared. And as we sat there wondering what the hell we just seen our crickets started chirping again. I posted some of this info on my facebook page and then I went to our local news facebook page and left a description of what we just seen, and asked if anyone else reported seeing this, and from the sounds of it, my girlfriend and I were the only 2 people to witness it, how is that even possible? 
After doing a search on google I came across a video of the exact same thing we seen except we didn't see any red or blue lights 

[Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]
