{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-03 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527963","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27641","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3426,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/963/mufon-5527963.json","updb_database_id":5527963}
It came back, and brought 3 friends!

So I was watching the sky since sundown tonight waiting for night four of the triangle/"V" to return. At 1945 hrs, I noticed that from the NW a orange/red/white orb was approaching with no flashing lights at low altitude. It was moving to quickly to observe through the telescope, and too slow to be anything else so I just watched it. As it was heading towards the Santa Cruz mountains it turned and started moving south as if it was following the highway 85 path. I then noticed that another one that looked the same was approaching it from the south. When the second reached close proximity to the first it turned around and they both headed south. Maybe 10-15 seconds later, a third appeared over the same area as last night (near the quarry close to Cupertino). It came from the NW (same direction the first one came from). It didn't stop and hover, it just kept on it's path and moved towards the Santa Cruz mountains and disappeared. At this point, all three were out of my sight. I informed my hubby of what I was seeing, but he hurt his knee at work, so he just stayed inside tonight.

(Now, after I filed a report with Mufon last night, I went back out and noticed that the triangle had reappeared over the mountains and just hovered there. It kinda moved a bit to the west, but generally stayed in that area.)

At about 2030 hrs tonight, I went back outside and noticed that two lights appeared in the same area of the Santa Cruz mountains as the one did last night at 2230 hrs. I watched these two lights and noticed that they were moving a bit also but just as before, generally stayed in the same area. Just now, (2145 hrs) I was watching the two lights, and suddenly a third appeared and a few seconds later, a fourth also appeared to the naked eye. They were all lined up next to each other in a row, but not equally spaced. I went inside to get my telescope again and when I came back out I saw the lights go off on two of them. I set up and was able to see that the two left each had two white lights like headlights on a vehicle. This was from my advantage point though so people from another viewpoint might have a better description of them.

The two left didn't seem to be moving too much so I gave up and came back in. As usual I wasn't scared of them, just curious and hoping they would do something so I would have a better view. Since sundown, there have been so many planes and helicopters in the affected areas. Before all this started, there were planes and such flying in the area, but never like this. I wonder if this is a "cat and mouse" game the objects are playing now with the military. If so, it's kinda funny. I think this weekend, I will camp outside and have video & digital cameras set up as well as my tele. I'll keep everyone informed.
