{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-11-20 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289963","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113387","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2839,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/963/mufon-5289963.json","updb_database_id":5289963}
Brilliant, solid light in bedroom with no observable source

I have been searching for an explanation to a strange light that appeared in our bedroom over 20 years ago and have exhausted all conventional explanations. I'll try to be as brief as possible without leaving out details. The incident was so out of the ordinary that it is burned into the memories of my husband and myself.

I woke up one night to the sound of our dog growling. A white light, roughly the diameter of a dinner plate, was moving slowly and randomly across our ceiling, much like a searchlight would. It was extremely bright, I would say self illuminating, and solid like a laser light, (more so, even) with no diffusion toward the outer edges. My first thought was headlights coming through the window, but the blinds were closed and there was no shadow of the blinds across the light. Our dog, who had always been oblivious to headlights flashing on the living room wall and loved playing flashlight tag, growled the entire time.

I watched it move like this for perhaps more than a minute, then reached beneath the covers to shake my husband's arm (he could sleep through a bomb blast!) and he woke with a start, mumbling "What?" The second he spoke the light shot across the ceiling and down the wall, disappearing through the floor. I will note here the corner of the bed and the dresser were between the windows and the section of the wall the light went down, further discounting the source coming from outside.

"What the hell was that?" he said, now fully awake. To this day we both regret not getting out of bed and heading downstairs to investigate, but we were both so dumbstruck by what we had just witnessed.

My apologies for the length of this account, but I wanted to get all the facts in. I am grasping at straws now; I don't know if this is UFO related, ghost related (they are the next ones I will check with) or what, but I would just like to know if others have had this same experience.

I'm not asking for an investigation, especially considering the lapse of time involved, but I would just like a simple "Yes, others have experienced this," or "No, don't waste our time with weird lights in your bedroom," if you can manage it.
