{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525963","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29750","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2342,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/963/mufon-5525963.json","updb_database_id":5525963}
Bright white light encircled by very large cream-colored glow.

My family and I were sky-watching at the end of a birthday party. Unfortunately, the sky was somewhat overcast; it remained too light to see many stars, and we never did see the moon. As we were wrapping up and putting chairs away, a bright light suddenly caught my eye. I turned around, anxious to see what I believed was the moon finally making an appearance. But to my great surprise, I saw a small white light 1 very bright, flying across the sky, and it was encircled by very large cream-colored glow. Note that there were no clouds specifically; the sky just seemed rather gray. I was surprised that the glow was so large, circular, and bright, yet assumed it was somehow an airplane behind a fog or clouds. Still, since our sky-watch had been uneventful, I pointed up and tried to get everyone1s attention. However, I found myself fumbling my words, because, as I spoke, the glow didn1t fade in and out of any clouds as I would have expected, rather it began to shrink evenly around the center light until it was no longer there. What1s more, as the rest of my family looked up, the glowing vanished, and we all witnessed the object suddenly come to a halt. We were thoroughly bemused and unsure as to what we1d actually just seen. Had the object vanished and we were now looking at a star1or was the flying object still there and truly standing still? Nothing unorthodox happened after that point. As to the size of the object, to cover it if I held something at arm's length, I would have to use a pencil eraser to cover the center light, and a quarter to cover the entire glow. Also, the glow was a perfectly shaped circle, not irregular or faded in any way. I have no photos.
