{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-10-24 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480124","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79945","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3306,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/124/mufon-5480124.json","updb_database_id":5480124}
{rjl} Apparition appeared then vanished then a ufo immediately took shape in a cloud.

I was in my early 20's when this event happened to me, for 6 months or longer I would still be extremely nervous to drive the mountain road that we lived on late at nights... I have always loved and studied weather on my own and this particular night it supposed to rain toward morning and the only weather information I had access to back then was to watch the local 11 pm news on the only tv station that we picked up... I had turned on the news at exactly 11pm, since I didn't much care for the early news part, I walked out on the deck facing due south.... The sky was very bright from the moonlight which allowed me to see broken cumulus clouds moving in...... I had been standing there staring at the sky for maybe 2 minutes, when I caught a glimpse of something over my left shoulder hovering in the sky.. I quickly turned toward it , I probably got 1 second to look at it before it vanished. It appeared to be extremely large and not too far up from where I was standing. It was solid white and shaped exactly like a angel - the outline was like a flowing dress with humps above the shoulders like folded wings.. I did not have time to look at any potential facial or other body features... As soon as it vanished and before I could fully process what I had seen , the perfect outline of your classic looking UFO took shape in a cumulus cloud farther away from me... The entire UFO was outlined in orange lights along the edges, but it was transparent because I could see the lights outlining the other side... I could clearly see through it, the entire cloud was now glowing orange.. It then started to swing back and forth in and out of both sides of the cloud... I do not remember going inside I was so terrified, I remember standing inside shaking and mumbling to myself that they really exist.. I got up the nerve after a few seconds to peek out the window , it was still swinging. I waited maybe 30 seconds and looked again, it was still swinging.. The 3rd time I looked , it was gone only the cloud remained.... I just sat down on the sofa in a true state of shock and stared without paying much attention to the rest of the news and the weather on the tv.. The next morning when I got up my grandmother who I lived with casually mentioned that we had lost two neighbors that night within a mile of our house... One was a elderly lady who was expected to pass, but the other was a early 20's handicapped lady who wasn't expected to pass.... It was the scariest 3 or 4 minutes of my life.. How the angel apparition and the UFO then the two deaths , which I assume where coincidental, tie in together - I have no clue...
