{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-21 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530124","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25361","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5383,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/124/mufon-5530124.json","updb_database_id":5530124}
Bright white objects caught on camera in Thousand Oaks, CA during daylight.

Good Evening,

Attached are the pictures of the sighting my wife and I experienced in Thousand Oaks, CA on Saturday August 21st, 2010 at 12:00 noon. I also have a short video.

Please Note: The picture with the blue colored sky is the original picture. The purple colored pictures were highlight by me to bring out he objects in the image. Note, if you zoom in you will notice the other objects in the pics that resemble the larger object. I did not notice the other objects until I uploaded the pics and zoomed in. 


Explanation of Events:

Note: This report includes two sightings exactly one week apart from each other in the same location within about 3-5 miles. Have video and pics for the second sighting.

On Saturday August 14th at around 5:30pm while floating on my back in the swimming pool looking straight up at the sky, my wife and I observed two bright 1star-like1 objects directly above us. I have always been interested and have observed/studied different aircraft and can usually make out what kind of aircraft in is in the sky. One of the objects stayed stationary in the sky while the other was moving at a relatively slower speed (and very smoothly through the air) than a typical jet type passenger aircraft and heading south. The moving object seemed to disappear or I just lost visual sight of it after about 5 minutes. The object would speed up and slow down during the 5 minutes of observation. 

After losing sight of the first moving object, I looked back at the other object and it was still motionless in the sky. It appeared to be a star (Which was strange considering stars are not usually visual during this time of day with the sun still shinning bright) because it was so still in the sky. After what seemed to be 2 minutes, this second object began to move south in the sky as well about the same speed as the first. This object would also speed up then slow down and make slight turns while ultimately keeping a flight path towards the south. After losing sight of this object because of trees, my wife and I went to sit in the spa. Almost immediately after getting into the spa I noticed the object out of the left corner of my eye towards the east of me and was heading north. It seemed the object had made a complete 180 degree turn. The object was a little lower in the sky towards the horizon and was much bigger at this point. It seemed to be a white sphere that was shinning bright in the sky. After observing the object heading north for about 5 minutes, we again lost sight of it because of trees obstructing our view. I did not have a camera on me at the time so unfortunately no pictures were taken of these objects.

Exactly one week later at 12:00 noon on Saturday August 21, 2010 while walking out to my vehicle, I noticed the same type of bright white 1star-like1 1orb1 object in the distance northern sky (Altitude, size of the object, and distance unknown). I immediately ran into the house to grab my camera and told my wife to come out in order to confirm what I was seeing. She did confirm seeing the object in the sky and I was able to record a video of it as well as take some pictures. Also, something strange happened when I uploaded the pics of the object to my computer. When I zoomed into the object, I noticed many more of these strange "White Balls.1 These other objects were smaller, but I believe this was due to being further away.

After my experience observing these unidentified aerial objects and finding so many other videos and pictures of the same types of aerial objects online from all over the world, I am convinced this is something that is of extraterrestrial in origin. I am truly amazed at how many other pics and videos from around the world show the same type of objects that my wife and I have observed. It seems out of all the videos and pics I have seen thus far after researching this subject for the past couple of weeks, it seems this type of object shows up more than any other unidentified sightings. Interesting considering just a few weeks ago my wife and I were skeptical of this kind of stuff. We are both highly educated and our brains/minds are 1pre-wired1 to think logically and in a scientific manner. After going through a process of elimination in our minds, we just can1t seem to find an answer as to what this was. We have researched this thoroughly and have analyzed pictures and videos of other aircraft, weather balloons, and other aerial explainable phenomenon. Answers anyone?
