{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-15 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514124","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44111","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3786,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/124/mufon-5514124.json","updb_database_id":5514124}
{cak} Three-sided hollow pyramid craft hovering above the treetops.

It was during the month of July, 2009 when this happened. Although Im unsure of the exact day, I do know this is the exact month because I was driving to Tullahoma, Tennessee to pick up my aunt for a late viewing of the Ice Age 3 movie at the local theater.

I was driving on I-24W toward Nashville; I took exit 111 into Manchester to drive onto Tullahoma. After one exits 111, to get to this destination, there is another left, then straight drive into Tullahoma. Right after I made the left turn, I saw a hovering pyramid above the treetops. It was stationary in its hovering; it did not rotate or ascend at all. I didn't have a camera, nor a cell phone that wouldve taken a good enough picture, but I am an artist and I made sure to get a good look at the flying object so that I could draw it later on. I knew it was a UFO at first sight of it as I am keen on paranormal subjects; it did not frighten me, but it was shocking to witness and hard continue my concentration on driving my car.

The object was a three-sided pyramid. It was a metallic, shiny black color. On the first side I saw, there were 10 circular white lights, stacked in rows (4, 3, 2, 1). The best way I can describe these lights is to compare them to the lights that overlook a baseball game. On the next side, I looked back to see three small lights near its top, each different colors- red, green, and blue. None of the lights pulsed but the 10 white ones were especially bright. I was topping a hill when I first saw it and after crossing it, I could see underneath the craft; it was hollow.

The craft was hovering just above the treetops, Id say about six to eight feet above the leaves. On the opposite side of the median/road, cars were pulling over. On my side of the road, all of us were slamming our brakes and two cars ahead of me, there was nearly a wreck. This was proof to me that I wasnt the only one witnessing this.

The craft was about 20ft wide and was a proportional triangle on each side, so perhaps about 20ft tall as well. As Ive said, the craft was hollow. I have provided an illustration as I saw it. In the illustration:

Figure 1: Shows the first side that I saw with the ten white lights stacked in a triangular shape.
Figure 2: Shows the second side that I saw when I looked back at the craft; it had three smaller, multi-colored lights.
Figure 3: Shows how the craft looked as if standing further back from it, putting both pieces together.
Figure 4: Shows the underside of the craft; as I passed it, I could see up into it, that it was hollow.

I have also submitted a map of where the scene took place. The green dot indicates the exact place where I saw the craft.

I only watched the craft as long as it took for the traffic to continue moving forward. There was no immediate place to turn around or I wouldve come back to the opposite side of the road and pulled over as some other cars were doing.
