{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-29 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285124","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118287","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3752,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/124/mufon-5285124.json","updb_database_id":5285124}
UFO appears in photos I shot on Sept. 29th, at dusk

I originally sent the following note, with pics to Dave Palachick of MUFON Canada and Victor Viggiani. Dave asked that I pass on the data through this site. He encourged me to file here, since he didn't wish to lose the data. Please let me know if you wish any of the larger (original) photo files. 

Victor suggested forwarding images of an object I caught in a few frames of photos I took a few days ago. Anomalies, sadly don't tend to please the picture taker by offering a close up view or appearing in the most ideal place in frame. So, I am including two full size (wide shot) original pics (one with the tic-tac shaped white object) and the other original with the streak at the very top of frame.  The zoomed in lower rez images are taken from these photos. 

To find the "tic tac" in the close to 2 mb file, zoom in a lot. This is in the pic without the two Muskoka chairs. It can be found in the upper area of the frame, to the left of the island in the shot as you start to get over the tree line.

I noticed these anomalies in three images after taking the shots. The tic-tak looking thing was taken within several seconds of the pic with the white streak. 

Please let me know if there is any specific info you might require. 

I am located in Toronto, but have a summer place in New Brunswick in Grade-Anse, looking over the Bay of Chaleur. By night, we see a fair amount of unusual things in the sky. Last night (early a.m.), my friend and I saw a single blinking white light. Each time it blinked it would be in a slightly different position. Each blink was approx. 1 sec. in duration, but the frequency of the blink was somewhat random. On a clear night, we might see this one out of every 5 nights or so. Also, there is the occasion blight flash / flare -- each lasting a couple of seconds or so.

Some background: I had a strange experience when I was about 11 years old in Toronto, with a close up (above tree level) object. It was a vibrant (neon / fluorescent) green object that didn't have a solid shape - perhaps the bright green glow masked something more tangible. But, this experience happened when I was about 11 years old, and I'm now 64. It's an experience no one can take from me . . . or one I will ever forget.

Thank you for reviewing this data.
