{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-09-10 19:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287124","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116254","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3633,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/124/mufon-5287124.json","updb_database_id":5287124}
First UFO appeared at my 05:00 O'clock, SE bound, at 9500 feet. Second UFO appeared at 12 0'clock distance unknown

September 10, 1978 while flying a BeechCraft Bonanza on a southeast heading from Lincon,NE to Memphis. TN , I observed an extremely bright light at my 5 O'clock position and approx. 12-14 thousand feet descending. The light was on the same heading as I. I thought the light was the landing light of a commuter aircraft descending to Walnut Ridge, AR. I had contacted Memphis Flight Center and I was speaking to them at the time of the siting. Memphis Center asked me how I was doing. I replied, "No traffic up here except me and the commuter aircraft at my 5 O clock position and descending out out of 12-14 thousand feet at approx. 3 miles. The Memphis Center replied, " Negative 7311B, their are no other aircraft , on radar, with in 200 miles of you. I declared "gentleman, I have a "BOGEY". Memphis Center asked me to the change radio channel to another frequency. I replied, "ROGER".  The new controller ask me if I had any affects from my situation, were my instruments performing normally, and was my vision and hearing alright. I replied, yes. The controller said the Memphis Center was contacting Millington, TN., Naval Air Station Millington TN., to scrabble Navy A-4 Skyhawks to intercept me and the UFO. I replied, ROGER. The controller then requested a detailed report of what was happening and to notify him if the UFO was infringing on my airspace, I replied, ROGER. I then described what the UFO was doing. The UFO immediately appeared information with me, at my 3 o"clock position, immediately off my right wing. The only visible evidence was a large pin-point extremely bright light facing directly at me. Then the UFO shot straight up to approx. 15k feet, and stopped at such high speed that I did not have time to move my head. However, I could see it move from point A to point B without moving my head or my eyes. The UFO then move from its elevated position directly to out in front of me by travelling only in at right angles similar to stair steps, at a speed so fast I had no move my head or my eyes. The UFO traveled only at right angles at an incredible speed to a point ahead of me. The UFO the shot directly to my right with formation position. I was reporting UFO demonstration to Memphis Center the entire time. The UFO the began to slide back and under my tail. I could see the lights of Walnut Ridge, AR.. So, I thought if I made a steep climbing turn to the left I could see the UFO between the left tale end and left wing. I therefore, made a steep climbing left turn and their was the UFO with light of the city behind it. I could see acutely bright white light with not mass or shape floating across the shy between me and the city. I then began to get into clouds and returned to my original altitude and heading. I was going in and out of small clouds and then landed at Memphis International Airport. I was then to contact UFO center in Washington state file a report. I did.
