{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-15 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495124","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64323","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3581,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/124/mufon-5495124.json","updb_database_id":5495124}
{dr}Blue orbs on Lake Erie

I walked down to the old piers at Perkins beach on Lake Erie one night. It was a clear, warm night. I arrived around 11:30pm and sat there listening to my mp3 player and looking at the stars. Around 2am, something caught my eye in the direction of downtown, about 40 degrees northeast of my position and about a mile out on the water. I judge the distance by the light of the water intake plant which was directly to my north and 3 miles out. What I saw was a blue orb spinning counter clockwise. It spun very fast a couple times and then another came off of it. The first one stopped spinning and the second one spun very fast a couple times counter clockwise at which time another came off of the second one. The second one stopped spinning and the third spun very fast a couple times counter clockwise. Then all three started spinning in all different directions going all over the place. It reminded me of baby animals running around playing. I sat there and watched for a minute then tried to make contact. The light on my mp3 player was the same color so I put out an SOS in Morse code a couple times. Well, they saw it. The one on the left spun very fast clockwise into the middle one, the middle one spun clockwise into the one on the right, the one on the right spun clockwise a couple times a then disappeared. By the time I could think to myself "What the hell was that", a big white light 25 to 30 feet long and brighter than anything I've ever seen popped on in the water at the edge of the pier about 60 feet away. The light lit up the entire beach and temporarily blinded me. There was no noise whatsoever. All I could do was drop to a knee and try to look at this thing while trying to block out the light. I was terrified. I didn't know what this thing was going to do. I wretch down and unfastened the sheath for my tactical bowie knife on my belt and was about to pull it out but something told me not to do that and not to provoke it. It just stayed on me for a couple minutes which felt like an eternity until I had the idea to show it the light on my mp3 player. I flashed the light a couple times and within 15 seconds the light shut off and it was gone. I got up frantically looking to see where it went but there was no trace. I walked a little further down the beach and took cover behind a group of trees to wait it out and see if any park rangers saw the light and within 10 minutes I look over and see one come out of the woods with his flashlight on right at pier 4 where it happened at. I watched him stand there panning his flashlight around looking hard and scratching his head like he knew he saw something. I didn't go talk to him on account that I wasn't supposed to be down there at that time. All I know is that there's no way I was the only one to see it that night. It was too bright and in clear view of Downtown, Route 2 and Edgewater. It was probably caught on the crib cam along with other cameras downtown facing the lake.
