{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503124","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55836","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4283,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/124/mufon-5503124.json","updb_database_id":5503124}
{kt}I was playing on tire swing/ then next memory is this craft above the tree my tire swing was on as it was leaving.

I was very young- prior to kindergarten. Approx 4 years old. This was one of several experiences while I was growing up. We lived in an extremely rural area with no neighbors for miles. This incident was during the day and did not frighten or traumatize me. I was playing on my tire swing and the next memory I have is standing (rather than on my swing) looking directly above the tree and being "locked" in eye contact with what I KNEW was a female through a window. This window was one of several on a metallic craft. The sheen of it looked somewhat like stainless steel and was not really reflective. It made no noise, went from a hover to a very slow glide and then it was gone. I ran inside and told my mother that I had seen an airplane that was SO LOW, I could see the people inside the windows. Up to this point in life, my brother and I had only seen airplanes in detail on TV, so when we saw planes in the sky we would try to make out the wings etc.

I also remember the following episodes in different places when I was young:

At the above mentioned home, me, my mom, dad and brother were outside at twilight sitting in lawn chairs discussing the silk worms in the tree we were sitting next to.  I remember noticing a twinkling light coming towards us and when I turned to my parents to show it to them they had been "switched off" (again). No further memory.

Also in the above house I have a memory of waking up to standing outside our house staring up at the sky at colored lights that were going away. I calmly went back into the house and got into my bed. Kind of odd for a four year old that would not even spend the night at her cousin's house because she had NEVER been outside of arm's reach of her mother.

I received a small "L" shaped scar on my left index finger while someone placed a square shaped "washer" against my skin. No bleeding or pain. I have no idea where we were living at the time and no memory of the surroundings during this event. I haven't heard from him in years, but I believe that my brother has a matching scar on the same finger.

I have a very brief memory of a very tall, blonde man that was accompanied by a female. I remember it was outside, windy and the entire landscape was sand. The memory is of him setting me down (on my feet), giving me a "last look" and turning around to walk in the same direction as the female. In about 15 feet they stepped inside what I can only describe as looking like a sand dune. Sand dune as a description came much later in life. At the time I was too young to verbally identify anything other than the "people" and the sand. I believe that they were both dressed in white as I have always referred to him in my mind as "that white man". I don't know where we were living when this happened, but I think I was toddler age at this time. For the record, we never lived near the desert or the ocean. My first time even seeing the ocean was when I was 13. I have still never been to the desert and I am 44.

When we lived lived in Kincaid Illinois (again pre-kindergarten) I can remember a toy flying saucer coming into our house and switching everyone "off". This upset me but before I had time to react, the memory ends and begins again with me frantically trying to tell my mom that she and everyone else fell asleep while standing up. She tried to reassure me, and promised she didn't go to sleep but this only upset me more because I knew she had and this meant it was something she couldn't "fix". 

There are more, but they are very hard to articulate.
