{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-06-29 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492124","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67426","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2408,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/124/mufon-5492124.json","updb_database_id":5492124}
{jpg} My wife and I observed two saucer looking UFOs one bigger and one smaller hovering and changing colors for 15 minutes.

I was in the house and my wife was leaving. Itbwas 9:45 p.m. she was heading to Walmart to get fabric for our daughters blanket she is making. She is a non believer I am a believer, she ran into the house and said there's a UFO there's a UFO get out here. I ran outside and observed 2 lights in the air changing colors. The moon was bright and we could see the bigger UFO on bottom was hovering at an angle. The larger was on bottom the smaller on top. Both were pulsating light and the light was changing color. The little one on top let off a streak of light that the best way I can describe it is it looked like a peace sign without the circle and it disappeared. The bigger one continued to stay there and we could see the body of the bigger craft now as the colors still changed. The little craft appeared again with no sound. The little UFO was around the outer of the big on and it looked like they may of joined together or were just hovering in a formation. An airplane did fly toward it and there is an army base about 20 miles away. That is when the smaller one disappeared. I wanted to videotape the incident but being in awe of this I did not want to miss this. As well as nybwife was terrified. The dogs in the neighborhood were also barking outside and the air felt charged like a lightning storm. This was not an airplane or helicopter. It almost had the color of a jellyfish in the sky when it wasn't changing colors. My wife and I will gladly take polygraphs on our statements. It made no sound, left no lights upon disappearing and when it left it looked more like it burnt out rather than take off. After it left another airplane headed that way but from a different direction.
