{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456124","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105473","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2627,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/124/mufon-5456124.json","updb_database_id":5456124}
orange fireball looking round light hovering above hilton hotel manchester

May i say even as i start to type this, i'am getting goosebump's all over my body.

My girlfriend worked at a pub in dukinfield. We lived in openshaw. she would travel home on the 219 bus from ashton under lyne and i would meet her at about 12 midnight at the bus stop on ashton old road, openshaw. This particular night as she got off the bus, we hugged, walked about 10 meters down the road when i noticed a orange-red ball of light above the hilton hotel in manchester. Now for weeks i had been looking at the sky. I've always been fasinated by the star's and universe. So we both began excitedly chatting about what it could be and agreed it was very wierd and unlike anything we had seen before. The orange-red light remained hovering above the hotel unmoving and making no sound. We both then turned off the main road to walk down 2 streets to get to my house. As i got to the alley at the back of my house and put the key in the community gate, i looked up ( My body right now as i type is having wierd reactions to the memory) The orange-red light was hovering silently in front of me to the right above my head. It was silent and still just a round ball of orange-red light, then it started to fly about in straight lines making instant turns and roll's and impossible speeds as it did this i noticed a solid disk shape behind and slightly underneath the light. The feelings this thing envoked in me was 90% excitement 10% fear. I then ran off to get my friend garth whose house was at the top of the alley when i returned my girlfriend said it simply shot off and disappeared when i left. There are many thing's i have to say and have realised since then and i wish mufon would come to speak to me because i have a very good idea of what is really going on. Some people think aliens and all i can say is forget the occupant's of the craft.... focus on the technology. Either Aliens do exist or somebody on this planet is involved in a cover-up of advanced technology.
