{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292124","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111202","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2843,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/124/mufon-5292124.json","updb_database_id":5292124}
Multiple UFOs seen in the sky object brighter than stars, stationary, quickly flashed red and green

Shortly after 12am I was letting my dog out to go to the bathroom before bed. While waiting on her I glanced at the sky and notice an object brighter than the stars in the sky. It didn’t move much so I thought it may have been a helicopter. However after a few minutes I realized the object wasn’t moving much from the area it was in aside from what looked liked an occasional bobber motion. The object also quickly flashed red and green. I kept taking videos and pictures of the object for over an hour and it hadn’t moved too much. At one point a commercial airplane flew by while I was filming. It was apparent that the other object was not a plane. However as the plane went around the object things got even stranger. A bright light caught my eye to the left from where the airplane came from. There was something bright, I can’t be sure of the shape but I was able to capture it for a second on video at a little over 2 minutes into the video. The strange thing about it was that it’s white glow seemed to fade like somebody dimming the lights. I didn’t capture this on video as I moved my phone too far to the left when it happened. Some time after this I also noticed another object similar to the first one to my right. It did a lot of the same actions with the red and green blinking lights and the bobbing in place motions. It was nearly 2am when I decided to come inside and write up this report. At that time the objects were still located in nearly the same spots I first observed them.
