{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-07-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525124","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30672","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2992,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/124/mufon-5525124.json","updb_database_id":5525124}
Most encounters were a small, bright orange light.

Hi... my name is Tony...I live in a small town outside of Rochester NY...i was about the age of 14 when my friend Shawn and i noticed a phenomenon that we would refer to as "SpOsP"... Shawn and i liked to cause mischeif when we were younger and went on what we called "night runs" where we would just walk around town in the middle of the night and be hooligans...the first time we encountered the object, shawn and i were walking down a lone country road when we noticed a very bright orange light in the sky... we both said it must be a planet lit up... farther down the road the object seemed to follow us for a moment...the only crafty way to test if we were crazy or not ... we started to sprint for a moment then we stopped abruptly and wouldnt u know that little orange planet stopped after we did!!! we ran home... not maybe 2 weeks later i was suppose to meet up with shawn at about 5a.m.and i lived approximately 2 miles from shawn at the time . it was dark and as i started to ride my bike down the road i looked back and saw SpOsP looking quite large directly over the road near my house now about a mile away from my location... a little freaked out i looked back another time and saw a second orange dot take straight off from the ground right near my house! took off straight up then changed direction heading directly for me at a rapid speed! now extremely scared i pedaled as hard as i could for the next half mile to shawns... i ran into his house completely tired and petrified... the last time shawn and i saw SpOsP was the crowning on all of our experiences... about a month went by and in the middle of the night, shawn and i were standing at the end of my driveway while the whole time, SpOsP was very close and bright that night... almost an hour went by and the air around us had changed... we both felt it in the air... totally quiet and still... an erie silence... thats when shawn said something that i will never forget... "Tony, he said... it's moving"... we both watched as SpOsP slowly and completely silently started to move toward and over us...just as the orange ball of light got directly over our heads is when we realized that we were only looking at a small light on a very big object... the triangle shaped craft was approximately an acre wide and moved silently over the trees and we never saw her again...
