{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-07 13:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460186","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101118","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3540,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/186/mufon-5460186.json","updb_database_id":5460186}
{cak} 5 objects coasted east to south, with slight curve to head over Lake Ontario in cloudless blue sky at 1 p.m. before multiple witnesses.

I was working on a film, part of 180 background, so was looking eastward at approaching cars for some time. We were standing outside the Princes' Gates at the C.N.E. on a beautiful sunny blue sky day. At 1 p.m. I noticed very pinhead sized white lights at 30 degree angle. I checked with people surrounding me to check if they also saw it and knew I wasn't seeing things. My eyes were not always on the objects as I had to work and talked to others, but they did seem to appear and disappear, as my mov. files later proved. I took 4 pics, each of varying quality, and one object stood out. At one point, for a very brief moment, I could make out an interior darkness and a blinking light. Upon further cropping the object, applying sharpness & high contrast, it is apparent that it is crescent/winged shaped with probable lights across the span. This object (Number 3 in each pic) is slightly ahead of the others - as if you spread your left hand out with the thumb extended from the fingers. The top two objects were always observable, brighter, while the two objects beneath were almost invisible, maybe due to being further behind the main three. Again, the digital editing of the pics revealed the lower two. The three main objects reflected the sun, and emitted the occasional flash of a light that could have originated from the object. There were no erratic movements, no sound, no reversing of direction, and they retained their positions. One woman near me also took pictures, however I don't have her info. There's no telling how many others witnessed this. The film crew didn't seem to observe anything as they were facing us. Filming went on as usual. Afterwards, I asked someone randomly if they'd seen the objects and the guy dismissed them all as drones. There was a drone (Black) being used to film us and it was very low and making a noise above us. The wind was blowing from the west, so against the objects, ruling out balloons. We observed a plane flying out of Pearson Airport, miles north from us, heading south. We quickly rules out airplanes were floating in the sky, nor helicopters or birds. My last sight of the objects was of them almost fading away in a southerly direction over Lake Ontario - the sun changed their viewability and reflection. In all, this lasted 10 to 15 minutes.
