{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466186","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94538","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2273,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/186/mufon-5466186.json","updb_database_id":5466186}
Elongated cylinder-type craft, possibly other shape but viewed in profile, dark in colour

I was in my car pulling out of our compound onto the busy road which runs at its front, and as I was turning right into the traffic stream I noticed opposite behind the tall buildings a dark, elongated, possibly cylindrical object travelling through the air parallel to the main street. The object seemed to be moving at the same speed and in tandem with our car (now on my left-hand side behind the buildings on the opposite side of the street). As I was driving and the traffic was moving quickly I had to alternate my gaze from the road back to the craft and then back to the road. I observed it intermittently for several seconds, and after I'd asked my wife, who was sitting in the front passenger seat, whether she had noticed it, I turned again only to see that it was no longer there.
I noticed the object at once as I am familiar with that 'scene' when I pull out of the side road leading out from our compound to the main road. Initially, it struck me that this was possibly some sort of military aircraft because the locality is bristling with military bases. The object simply travelled in a straight line parallel with our car. At that time I seem to remember that the traffic was bad and we were in a hurry to get somewhere, so I did not give it too much thought. It was only later that day when I reflected on it that it 'sunk in' as to what it could have been. Several times a month we notice helicopters flying over our compound seemingly as part of military drills. This has been going on for some years now. I do not recall the date or month that I observed said object.
