{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-07-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512186","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46141","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2578,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/186/mufon-5512186.json","updb_database_id":5512186}
Three black dots in a triangular formation.

Whilst recording a balloon festival from the beginning and from an elevated location some miles from the location of the balloon launch event, three black dots were captured. However the dots were not particularly observed during the recording, only after when looking through the recorded video.

The three black dots do not move and appear to be in an equilateral triangle formation if the curvature of the earth is considered.

Many people have suggested what they could be.....balloons for example, however the balloons that lifted off from the festival location were pushed towards the camera location by the wind and none of the balloons went so high that they could not be viewed clearly.

Others have suggested helicopters, however, why at a point in the recording when a black dot was actually observed and zoomed into did the black dot appear unobservable and were not even noticed to be anything specific at the time?

Surely light reflecting off the surfaces of any thing in the sky would be seen from the ground, even an aircraft at 30,000 feet can be seen from the ground and light reflecting upon it.

The video attached below is the edited for youtube version, as the original is far to large to send as an attachment. It also has some audio that might not be of your taste but maybe turn the sound down.

I have edited the video by adding descriptive text and pointers as the dots may not stand out straight away........however this is genuine and the content i.e. the dots have not been added or manipulated for any dramatic effect!!

There are some obvious lens blemishes, but as you know these blemishes would follow the movement of the camera.

All I am asking for really, is some sort of professional explanation of the dots, as no one can, and all I get is the same silly ideas.....balloons, helicopters etc.......
