{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-31 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486186","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73530","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3665,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/186/mufon-5486186.json","updb_database_id":5486186}
{dr}Bright red light

It was roughly 11:40 pm CST, I went outside to refill my outdoor wood stove for the evening. After doing so, I went to check for mail in my rural mailbox as I forgot to do that after work. After doing so, I looked down the road towards Whitewater.
I noticed a really bright red light, At that time I took it as an aircraft, But kept watching it. After a few seconds, I found it odd that there were no typical aircraft green/red/white navigational lights on it. It was a solid red light. Comparable to a bright light at the top of a commercial TV/Radio tower. 

As it moved along in and out of view behind several large trees, I walked to the wood deck of my house. I stood there, I wiped my eyes in sort of disbelieving way.  The red light turned to an orange sort of glow, Then back to red. It did this only twice during my approx. 2 minutes of viewing.
As it progressed to the easterly direction towards Palmyra Wi. 
It slowly faded out of view as if the red light was fixed onto the frontal edge/side of an object.

Note: When I 1st noticed the light, It was about 1 mile to my west over town just north of Tripp Lake ( near the local Citgo- Eastsider gas station ) Elevation was somewhere around 300 - 500' AGL- Above Ground Level.
It appeared to be going northbound, Then it seemed to slowly change directions more towards the east in sort of an arching flight path heading over the southern section of the local industrial park area. This light was now approx. 1/4 mile away of my location.
As it passed over Howard Rd. ( Howard is lit up with bright white LED street lights ) For a split second it looked like it caught the street light reflection from the lights & the snow on the bottom side of whatever this was. It had what appeared to be a trailing silvery flat bottom edge. I couldn't see a whole body, Just what appeared to be long & flat bottom side in appearance. A good guestimation for length would be approx. between 50' & 75' This is just my guess. There was no sound coming from this light source at all. It was a very quiet evening. As it passed over Howard Rd. It was approx. half way between the Jefferson/Walworth County Line & Bluff Rd. 

If it were an aircraft, I would have surely heard it. We have small aircraft flying overhead quite often. So I can assure that it was not a small plane. A Friend suggested that it could have ben a drone,... In My Opinion,...Not very likely at all. The light appeared to be big & it traveled several miles during my viewing. After the light had faded out of view. I went online to www.flightaware.com to check the radar. Not all private aircraft show up on this radar, But there were no commercial aircraft in all of southeastern Wisconsin at that time. The only aircraft noted was a passenger jet had just recently landed at Milwaukee's General Mitchel Field just minutes prior. The radar on this site has about a 6 or 7 minute time delay for safety reasons. So this aircraft was already on the ground and was also stated that it had landed already and was taxing to the gate.
