{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-08-30 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458186","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103358","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6185,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/186/mufon-5458186.json","updb_database_id":5458186}
Massive triangle in the sky

I use to live in the area of North Bay, Ontario Canada. It was during the end of summer I believe, around 7 - 8pm. My father, mother, brother and I were sitting in the living room watching TV. Keep in mind that this is a rural property and my father was an avid hunter so he habitually scanned the property for bear, deer and moose, while he watched tv or read a book. 

This one time, as my father scanned the property, he saw something in the sky. Immediately he said, "Jesus Christ, what the hell!?." As he was getting out of his chair he told my mother to turn off the TV. He walked over to the front door, and opened it looking towards the sky.  Both my father and mother stood at the entrance of the door looking towards the sky. My brother and I jumped towards the picture window to look up as well. What we saw was mind boggling. It was triangular, black in colour, and looked like it was at least 4 or 5 foot ball fields in size. It was hovering, not moving, about a few hundred feet above a great eastern white pine that was about a hundred feet in front of our house. As my father was commenting on how big it was, the telephone rang, it was a neighbour about 1/2 to 3/4s 0f a kilometre away. She was panicked because she was looking at the same thing we were. However, se said it was directly above her house. My father, not wanting to miss seeing more of this thing, said something to this effect; "yes, yes I see it too, no no, I have no idea what it is." He hung up the phone and returned at his spot at the door. At this point we saw our aunt, who lived about 125 feet next door. She was standing on her front porche pointing up and looking at us to make sure we were seeing the same thing. My father motion that yes, he saw it too. At this point my father asked either my brother or I to go fetch the binoculars. As my brother was getting the binoculars, he was asking my parents what it was. They replied that they had no idea. 

He gave the binoculars to my father and my father started examining the floating object. I remember my father telling us to be quiet. I also remember that there was a very quiet "shhhhhhh" sound. No bird sound or anything other that this quiet sort of hiss. We could all see that in the center of this craft there were a circular ring of lights. Tiny white lights. There might have about 100 or 200 of them forming a circle. Actually it was a semi-circle and I realized that it was sort of like a lower part of the ship which was protruding downwards, and the lights formed the edge of this protrusion. My father, after inspecting this thing for 30 seconds or so, says quietly to my mother; "holy shit, you've got to see this... look at the lights." He hands over the binoculars to my mother who started looking. I will never forget what my mom said to my father; "Those aren't light, their windows!" She then says; "It looks like there are people looking at use... theirs movement." My father replied "yes."

Immediately my bother and I asked to see through the binoculars, and my father said "I'm not sure the kids should look through those.." As my father finished saying this, the craft slowly started moving north towards the city of North Bay which was north of us. The object was moving "nose first", as you would expect a triangular object would. When the tail end of this craft was the only part that we could see, (my brother and I had removed the little screens in the windows and had our heads sticking out watching it), the craft took off in a blink of an eye. It didn't just disappear but rather started increasing speed for a fraction of a second, then it was gone.

Later that evening, my brother and I were totally freaked out and we didn't want to go to bed, because my father and mother had been talking about this thing and speculating as to what it was. I remember my dad saying to my mom that in those windows, he could see "silhouettes of humanoid forms" moving about. My mom shared this as well.

Summer vacation was ending that weekend, and my father told us to not talk about this to anyone, but I didn't know why. He explained to me that I would look like a fool. I didn't listen and yes, not only did my classmates call me a fool, but the librarian who heard my experience said that these things are usually just weather balloons and that I was confused. 

I had not thought about this experience for many years. But when the internet was available to me as a student of Western University, about 30 years ago, I realized that with the age of technology that we live in, there is surely a news paper article that must relate other witness' of this incident. I'm not sure if I could find it again, but I searched for hours and finally found an archive of the local newspaper that had a small reference to a ufo sighting. It was luck to find this thing because I could not truly remember exactly how old I was and truly what time of the year it was. This happened when I was around 7, 8 or maybe 9 years old. 

Before my father passed away in 2009, I remember talking about this over a few beers. We had never talked about this after the incident...other than me telling him he was correct about me telling my classmates and that everyone thought I was lying or delusional. When I asked my father if he remembered the incident he replied; "I've thought about this often but I've never shared it with anyone." I asked him to describe what he remembered and it was basically the same as what I shared with you here. He said that he knew it was not from Earth.
