{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-21 16:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499186","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59955","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2440,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/186/mufon-5499186.json","updb_database_id":5499186}
very high altitude silver object in a stationary position

Stayed on the grass on a lower North Shore island and looking at sky. Then saw about 80 degrees, through the tree leaves a very little light like a star. It was a very shiny day and that star was staying there. I stayed few minutes and exactly on the same position. Very, very high. Then I saw few planes on the same direction but much lower altitude - because of size, but planes were still very little - but that light like a star did not move. I changed different positions and it was still there. Very very high. But I have a good vision and kept concentrated to see if it moves. I saw before meteorites or other weather balloons or planes with lights but this one was more like a star. Very shiny and not moving at all. I took 2 pictures but I only had my phone. I showed it to my wife and she said it was a plane. But when I told her that is wasn't moving, after few minutes she did not say anything more. I asked her for iphone but after that I could not focus anymore on the object. I was able to see something like a "split" at the middle of the object or maybe better said, a shadow... the extremities were brighter. It just disappeared. I wrote you because I thought you would have some better software and analysts to try to identify the object. I cannot tell exactly in what area of the picture it is but should be close to leaves, also can be between open areas of the leaves. I cannot tell for sure because I changed few times the position and can't say as an indication what position was I when took the photo. Please analyze them, I know is there. Thank you for your help.
