{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-22 23:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523186","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32790","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3353,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/186/mufon-5523186.json","updb_database_id":5523186}
miThree red lignts prominent large over tree line, hovered for 5-10 minutes.

I went out to walk my dog before bed. I live in the outskirts of town on Lake Valhalla. As soon as I walked to the road no more than 75 feet from my house I looked up to the sky and noticed 2 red lights over the left of my lake. It was exceptionally quiet tonite and found it odd looking to see if it was a helicopter or plane, and upon finding a better spot to look, noticed that it had not moved and that it was big, with 3 red lights in the shape of a elongated triangle/chevron. 

There is a small airport near the end of our lake, but this craft made absolutely no noise and hoovered in the same spot for 12 minutes before simply dissapearing. It kinda shifted where I saw only 2 lights before that, but my dog was spooked and very still for this whole time. He would not bark or move from my side which is very unusual. The woods were quiet too, except for the sound of the lake overflow pipe. It is a clear night with not too much cloud coverage. Its point was heading west in full view before it shifted north and dissapeared in an instant. There one minute, gone the next with no noise whatsoever. The woods, incredibly still and my dog would not do his business and wanted to come home like he was in a trance.

This is my first UFO siting in Pennsylvania, and we are only 2 miles from town. The red lights were very noticeable on the horizon just over the trees. There is no other explaination for this except that it was not of this world. The lights were a constant red glow and you could faintly see the outline of a large mass in the sky over the far end of the lake above the treeline but not close to the ground. About the height of helicopters, flight path, of which I see often. Our community is large but spread out. This was earie to say the least because I am frequently outside with the dog in the middle of he night at times on our very dark, very woody lane. 

I feel very numb and concerned now, because although I believe intelligent life exist beyond our universe, this is home - a place near people and yet very quiet and peaceful. Don't want to be scared, but I am for both my 75 year old mom and myself. UFO's don't make appearances close to towns, but it did. Wondering if other saw it too? 

This is the second unusual anomily I witnessed in the past 3 months. In August my son and I witnessed a red thunderstorm and lightning which hit the same spot for over an hour. The sky was red over the same area as this siting, and many others noticed it too as we followed it through town to the edge of the PA/NJ boarder only 4 miles from our home. 

If anyone else has seen this aircraft, please report as this is calmly freaking me out.
