{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-13 05:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489186","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70445","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3471,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/186/mufon-5489186.json","updb_database_id":5489186}
{cak} Star like first site then picture taken had look of moon white in color then changed to smaller look almost like a bomerang color gold look I looked no long to not know when it left but took picture in my great room light beamed from fireplace

I was in my bedroom in bed heard noises out side which I have for pass four months between dusk to dawn. I also seen lights dimming and brightening it was 5:38 am. I got up went into my great room seen a something which look like a star sparkling just about treetop in my back yard which faces east. I had my cell phone in my hand I open the blind and took a picture after taking picture I looked at it and the star changed to a round white sort basket ball size object I took another picture looked at it the shape had changed to a boomerang look. I went back to my room took picture toward my window looked at it saw a orb in my room. The orbs I had been seeing outside since I purchased a security camera two months ago from ADT on the screen. I told a ADT tech. he said he has never seen this before. White Orbs white outside and purplish color orbs in my house and at my windows outside mostly with faces men and women young and older looks and in them when enlarged even seen in trees in back of my house I seen a young man in jean the side view one night in back of the orbs as if walked across my window.The orbs i see in my home only show head like object sometime with things sticking out of it just above forehead. Getting back to sighting I took a picture of my great room which faced the east toward trees a beam of light from my fireplace mantel to the ceiling at the area of where a fan or light could be installed about 5 to 6 feet up. The object just hovered in same area i know 30 minutes or longer.
I went back to bed I did not feel scared but cold and covered up. I do not know how long it hovered I do know at my window I seen it get light then dark and continued for several minutes. I don't know what to think I feel uneasy because this has been happening four or five months with noises and orbs on security camera and cellphone camera outside after dark I really thought it was neighbors being noisy as well. I do not know my neighbors and do not see them very often on either side of me. Houses are not far apart.
For some reason when I laid down I went to sleep before day break for the pass several weeks I would not sleep until daybreak. I would watch television, one night my tv went out no signal for several seconds and came back on. I was told by boyfriend to contact UFO investigators. I'm not sleeping well at night being visited a lot more. I don't know if my neighbors are seeing this. I think I could have download pictures but not right ones please deleted I will have to send pictures to a email address.

Hopefully you can give me understanding Thanks. Sincerely, [Name removed/cms/tg]
