{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-04 21:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511186","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47186","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3020,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/186/mufon-5511186.json","updb_database_id":5511186}
{cak} Glowing orb with faint structure within the glow traveling without sound or any other lights , no contrail or tail.

Lets begin with the fact that I am a retired state police officer with extensive training in observational techniques so what my wife and I saw and as I report it here is as accurate as it can be. We are Non drinkers, non smokers, non drug users. So these are the particulars: at about 9:30 pm, 5/4/13 we were watching television in our family room/sun room ( which has 12 floor to almost ceiling height windows, skylights and trapezoid end windows) when my wife observed a strange glowing orb in the sky traveling from east to west at a rather slow speed. I looked and saw it also and initially thought it was a Roman candle firework someone shot into the sky till I realized it was moving at a steady rate of speed horizontally. Also we both realized upon going out upon our deck that the object made no sound, had no landing lights, no flashing lights and left no contrail. This glowing orb had within the glow what appeared to us to be a faint solid four pointed object . This glowing orb/object continued in its steady horizontal westward path towards cleveland while maintaining its elevation and ultimately went out of sight. This was a clear and quiet evening in a rural setting, in the country without distractions of lights or sound. Once again, it was a red/orange glowing orb that traveled without sound or other lights, had a solid looking something within the glow and we observed it for approx 2 to 3 minutes. It is hard to tell the size or distance but it was close enough to see it clearly. If my cell phone would not have been charging in another room I could have taken photos but we both stood mesmerized by what we saw. To me it clearly was not anything I had seen before and we do see and hear airplanes, helicopters etc fly over our home quite regularly, this was nothing like anything we had seen before. Also I should mention that it was a warm evening and our sliders and skylights were open and our deck in one step down out of our sunroom. Also we are situated on a piece of property that has an unobstructed view of miles of sky. What was it, we do not know. I did tell my wife that come morning there will be many people reporting the same as we saw due to its unusual look etc. the following day garnered no other news or Internet reports. We felt the need to report it so here it is.
