{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284186","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119239","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5866,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/186/mufon-5284186.json","updb_database_id":5284186}
Glowing diamond emitting random tentacles of light. Couldn't move. Static sound because a

Shortly after midnight on 2Sept21, I was outside my house in Wasilla, Alaska splitting wood in the backyard area (something I will often do at night due to scheduling conflicts). I transported a wheelbarrow full of wood to my front porch and stacked it there, after which I noticed a striking glowing object hovering above to the NE.  As I visually engaged with the object, I found myself unable to look away (physically, although I want to be clear that I didn't feel a pressure of any sort on my body.  I just COULDN'T look away.  Quite literally. It felt like... (words fail me, so please accept my best attempt as just that) I wasn't (allowed?) to disengage.  It reminded me of the feeling I got once when I was bluff charged by a bear; a feeling that something was happening that was going to happen regardless of rather I wanted it to or not, whereby looking away was not something my body would have allowed due to some kind of instinctual process. The object brightened, but somehow that clarified the shape of the thing. I was looking at a glowing diamond, which was (and this is where I started to come to terms with the fact that something very strange was happening)emitting random "tentacles " of energy.  The "tentacles" appeared to be made of light, like thick, neon lightning.  They extended no longer than the length/depth of the craft, generally ~ 1/2 the length.  The color of the object's glow was akin to the "tentacles " of light/energy: gold. It was absolutely stunning.  It was somehow beautiful. It hovered in position for a moment, and once the glow and energetic emission began, traveled at a very slow speed in my direction, stopping to hover over my neighbor's property (all of their lights were off, as they work during the day). When it stopped (this transit took a matter of seconds), the "fuzzy whispers " began.  I regularly observe and photograph the aurora. and despite the absence of evidence of the effect, I have twice heard an almost subaudible sound associated with it that is like a deep static. This began in a strikingly similar fashion, evolved into a whisper of what I can only describe as information.  I was receiving a message that - without a clear language - told me to stay calm, while simultaneously bombarding me with so much mathematical information that I was almost physically sick (nauseous) from it. It was like having a math stroke.  I can observe a trace of the patterning it took on (the presentation of these layers of information), but can't physically reproduce it yet (I've tried several times).  That shifted to a low sound that made me VERY nauseous, and I was suddenly watching my body watch the object as a second "me" was being drawn into it.  The brightness of the vessel gave way as I got very close (~10-15ft?) and the I was seeing a n enormous golden-skinned craft with zero apparent lines or rivets.  The sound ceased completely when I entered this area.  I was "pulled" into an opening in the lower half of the diamond (the top was slightly rounded, but the other edges were more severe/diamond-typical) that was not a door, but a sort of portal.  I remember ejecting vomit as I entered the craft, and seeing three small, grey forms with strikingly dark eyes mumbling to each other excitedly.  I felt a pressure on my lower back, and apparently lost consciousness (or time?). I have then a memory (ostensibly sequential?) Of being on a table and being scanning by a wave of light.  I remember being physically examined by two of the grey beings, but not harshly.   They almost constantly mumbled during the encounter.  I could barely hear it, but what I could hear was indecipherable.  It sounded like a middle eastern dialect being mumbled through a tube.  There is a lapse of time of maybe 15min, and I found myself on the ground where I was when I first saw the craft.  The craft was present, and glowing/emitting in the NE.  It traveled a very strange, seemingly random pattern for maybe 15sec before taking off at some incomprehensible speed toward Anchorage, following the path of the Inlet.  It left a light trail, and made absolutely no noise.  None.  The only sound I heard was the sounds I mentioned during my engagement.  I sat down on the ground and cried for several minutes, and composed myself so as not to alarm my partner.  She is disabled and was indoors in our bedroom area which has no windows (house still under construction). I tried to avoid her for some time because I knew if I started to blurt this stuff out, it would probably have sounded like madness to her.  I cried several times that morning and the next day, and have an emotional reaction every time I try to remember or recount it.  I eventually told her a portion of it, but am still terrified to tell her or anyone else the rest. I tried to report the sighting portion to the national UFO reporting agency, but their site was down.  I phoned my watered down version in to the Director, but was told to go to the media.  I found this absolutely surprising, and most certainly did not care to be the subject of a local news story about UFOs in such a small place. Until now I had decided to just keep it to myself.
