{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-07-23 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548186","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"11926","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5112,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/186/mufon-5548186.json","updb_database_id":5548186}
Orange balls of light chased by white pin points of light

On 7/23/08 my wife, brother-in-law and myself were having coffee on our deck. I noticed an orange ball of light and said 1Hey, what is that1? My wife and brother turned to see the OBOL (Orange Ball Of Light) just as it was fading away. It was in the NE sky just above tree level but couldn1t tell how far away it was. If you extended your arm out, and stuck your thumb out the OBOL would have been the size of your thumb nail. Also experiencing white lights, if you had a straight pin the white lights would have been the size of the head of the pin. We talked about it for a few minutes and we saw more lights. They didn1t move they were stationary, and would just fade in and stay on for about 5-7 seconds, then fade out. My wife called into our 19 yr old son and his girlfriend and told them to come out and take a look. They both came out and we saw a set of two lights. One came on then the second. Once the second light had reached its peak in brightness, the first one faded out, then the second faded. I said, "It looks like it's only a mile or so away, I'm going to drive over in that direction to see what I can see". As I got over by Wainwright Middle School, my wife yelled into the cell phone that there was another one. I put my head between the steering wheel and the windshield of the car, and noticed it was directly above me. That one actually had a secondary light that split away from the original ball. Just before I left the house, my son was getting his video camera, and caught a few sets of lights on his digital video camera. He got a series of two lights, and the light that was over my car. The video shows the second OBOL splitting off the first one. My brother-in-law thought he saw it move from side to side. The light I saw above my car, would it have been on the ground would have been bigger than my car. I was directly under that one. There were about 6 different sets of lights that night. Some had only one, some had two and a few had three. There were 5 witnesses for the 23rd of July 2008. We saw tiny white non flashing pin lights flying all over the area where we had seen the OBOL. After we had seen the first two lights my Brother-in-law said 1Look at that little white light flying after that airliner. He1s going to hit it!!!1 It flew VERY fast and caught up with the airliner and flew just above it until it was out of the area then peeled back and SHOT towards the east where it had came from. The very last light we had seen (I was back home by now) there we two pin point white lights closing in on the OBOL from both sides, and when the OBOL disappeared the two tiny white lights shot straight up into the air nearly colliding, and shot towards the north. In total there were about 4 pin lights while this was all going on. The OBOL showed up every 4-5 minutes in different areas in the NE sky. It was 22:40 when we saw the last one. We all went into the house to see if there was anything on the news.
  On July 24th my wife and I had to work the next morning, I told her that I was going to go back out on the deck to see if I can see those same lights again. So she went to bed and asked me to wake her if I happen to see anything. Right on time 22:30 the first one showed up. I ran inside to get my wife and this time my daughter was at home, I had her come out on the deck to watch. The lights looked the same but were in a different pattern. This time there we several lights coming on at the same time in different parts of the NE sky. On both nights if all lights would have been on they would have formed a perfect horizontal line spanning about a 5-7 mile stretch. My wife called my mother who lives in Clarks Hill. Her and my brother went outside and saw the same thing as we did. The next day I called my friend who is a police officer, he said he saw them also and had no idea what they were. So on this night we had 5 witnesses in three different parts of the county who saw them. 
  Being retired Navy of 20 years, I can say the lights were not flares, it did not illuminate the ground or the trees around it. It wasn't fire works, some of them where 5 miles apart from each other and over corn fields with no houses around. 
  I Photo Shopped the photos to give you an idea of what was seen that night.
