{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289168","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114190","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3314,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/168/mufon-5289168.json","updb_database_id":5289168}
Stuff happening to me that's not possible in science or nature.

My name is Bryan, I'm 45 ,it started Dec. 26-2018.
I was struck by lightning and since then things that are not possible in science or nature have been happening to me. I've lost 100 lbs. or so and I have to shave my body twice a day, my hair is I don't know if alive is correct but it feels like it but it's definitely magnetized, for two and a half years I'm coughing up a lot of "things" and my skin is bumpy, not in just a spot , my whole body, looks like I have reptile skin, I'm numb from the top of my head to the soles of my feet, I intentionally thought I had a parasite of some type, so I went to Ohio state university hospital, gave them a sample and showed them some photos of what's happening, that was over a year ago, well, they haven't got back ahold of me or my doctor, they will not send me or my Dr. My lab reports, so I decided to go to Cleveland clinic I gave another sample and when I got home back to southern Ohio there was a message waiting for me , they said they found nothing, well 4 hours is not enough time to run any kind of test, well since then my health has took a major turn for the worse. Now what I'm going to tell you sounds impossible I know , I've been ridiculed and laughed at by every "professional" to the point to we're I've stopped going to any Dr. I've locked myself away for fear of spreading "it". I've got things coming out of me, monsters is the best description I can use. When I go to the bathroom I can turn off the lights and it's like a light show coming out of the toilet, I've got video and pictures of everything I'm telling you, me and my mother watched as what looked like corral reef came out of my poop and started to change, it changed into like a bulb then into some kind of insects then the insects "transformed" literally like a transformer into some type of machines I have these documented as well, pictures and video, now I don't know if this is alien but it is alien as to what we know in biology and physics it's a bastard of nature and what I've got photographed and video taped it's damn right impossible, but it's happening. I'm at a loss I'm dying slowly and painfully and I've left instructions for these to be released upon my demise, I'm a smart man I took physics in school and this goes beyond what we've been taught, way beyond. I'm willing to send you my evidence, and let you see first hand what's going on, what I've already told you is just a little bit there's so many other things that are happening that its got me questioning my sanity, but then I look at all my archives and pictures do not lie. Only two things that would have this sort of power.. alien or demon.
