{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-07 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530168","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25316","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3573,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/168/mufon-5530168.json","updb_database_id":5530168}
Large black triangle escorted by smaller stealth craft.

Black Triangular Aircraft- Body was larger than a Boeing 757, shape was an Isosceles triangle. Color was flat black. (3)Constant orange/yellow lights on front and rear points of craft
(1)Strobing Red Light dead center on the under-side. No sound, 
Traveling Slow S-SW over County Rd. 137. Maybe 1k to 2k ft. in the air.
(2)witnesses.

My room-mate and I were on our way back home on Greenville County Rd. 137(Country Club Rd) and I'd been saying to him to "keep your eyes peeled for UFO's". The road curves a little to the right and starts uphill for a short distance before leveling out and then downhill to a three-way stop. I got within 20'-30' of the stop sign when something bright and moving caught my eye from directly ahead and above a line of pine/cedar trees. At first all I could see was a few lights spread over a fairly large area of the sky up ahead. I yelled to my friend "Look at that! Holy *&#@! Look!. I'd come to a complete stop(15-20 ft. in front of the stop) and we were both hanging out of my truck windows looking at this thing. It was difficult to focus on the object at first. A very Large, flat black, triangular aircraft with 3 constant orange/yellow lights on each point and 1 strobing red light in the center of the under-side. Object was traveling very slowly giving us around 30 seconds to a good minute of unobstructed view. We both were talking to each other about what we were seeing. Once the aircraft flew past the tree-line, we could both see a smaller craft following a short distance behind the large triangle. Neither of the aircraft made any noise whatsoever. The second craft seemed to be more equilateral in shape, and the lights on it's body were more recognizable to me as possibly an F-117(size-wise a decent match) or other modern stealth craft. We both watched until it was overhead. I pulled forward to the stop and looked behind me and in my rear-view mirrors and could still see them both. My room-mate continued watching as we turned right onto County Rd. 96(Gap Creek Rd). The general direction of travel was S-SW and would have traveled over a good portion of Greer, Taylors and possibly the Greenville Downtown Airport. Most obvious possible destination of interest would be Donaldson Center (formerly Donaldson Air Force Base) which is also the home of Lockheed Martin. I lived in the Moonville, S.C. area very close to the back side of Donaldson airfield. Over several years living there I had seen many daytime and night-time military flights. C-130's (even the Hercules), F-4's, F-16's and even a few black choppers w/ stealth escort. I've included a Windows Paint sketch of the approx. size and position of the crafts. This is an address link to google street view right where this took place! *(Link moved to Additional Evidence section below--SGonzalez/CMS).
