{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468168","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92438","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2650,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/168/mufon-5468168.json","updb_database_id":5468168}
Saw craft with at least one occupant above the highway. Occupant was looking at me.

I was walking home from high school. It was approximately 4 PM. (I think it was Spring, but it could have been early Fall. I believe it was 1968, but it might have been 1969). I wish I could be more precise, but this was 50 years ago.  I think I was approximately 15 or 16 at the time. It was sunny outside with some fluffy clouds.

I was walking south down St. Laurent Blvd and had just gone under the Queensway (this is an East-West highway through the city) bridge. At the time, I lived on Avenue "T" and there was a shortcut path that diagonally crossed to Tremblay Rd. which lead to Avenue "T". I had just gotten on the path when I looked up at the Queensway - lots of cars going East - lots of car noise.

I noticed an aircraft heading West, basically following the Queensway, extremely close to the traffic - much closer that a normal airplane or helicopter...this craft had windows, similar to those found on an airplane. There appeared to be interior lights on inside the craft. AND, I observed what I believed to be a woman in one of the windows, staring at me. I got the impression she was sitting. I have a recollection that there were other beings moving about, but I cannot confirm this to be certain. 

It was difficult to really tell, but I am almost certain this craft was silent. I did not see the beginning of the craft and I did not see the end of it. There seemed to be a cloud surrounding it, except for that brief time when the side of the craft revealed itself. And it eventually disappeared into the cloud.

At first I thought it was a blimp of some kind. But, these crafts are extremely noisy and I would have heard it. 

I ran home and told my parents and siblings. My brother has a recollection of me telling the family about this. The next day, I looked through the newspaper for anything about this event. There was nothing. This has haunted me all these years and this is the first time I have ever retold or documented my experience .
