{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512168","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46160","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2755,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/168/mufon-5512168.json","updb_database_id":5512168}
large brightly coloured craft moves towards camera . made of six large flashing balls of light .shape of object morphs into other craft .two other craft become visible .

I was working night shift . I had taken a cigarette break in the carpark. We have been witnessing and filming what we nicknamed "Starballs" since late December 2012 .So much activity a person can see and film them daily !
I carry my camera with me because of this. around 12.50am on March 5 , a large glowing flashing craft becomes visible low on the horizon toward Mt. Field direction . slowly hovers , without any sound in my general direction.Craft appears to be made of six individual glowing , flashing orbs . 2 red 2 blue 2 green . Looked almost manmade because of this , but I was pretty sure this was something different.I have witnessed and filmed starballs stopping , hovering aimlessly , dipping swoooping and splitting apart into as many as five . have photos .Activity has intensified to the point where I am wondering what will be next .ship looks dark in the middle as though it is solid . I take 1 second time lapse photos of the object from one horizon to the other. Ship changes course through this hover .I am so excited at this point as I know I have something special .Ship moves out of view down valley in Easterly direction E .Spoke with ufo researcher several days later about it , after I plucked up enough courage . After he took my account he then informed me that they had another sighting reported that week , and went on to tell me that three glowing balls were sighted in Dodges Ferry by a man at 1 am. and that they headed past him in an easterly dir.
