Case No. 1461 22022021

Date: February 20, 2021.

Approximate Time: 23:30 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Summer.

Witnesses: N. A. T., 50 years old.

Description: The informant reported seeing what he considered an aerial anomaly at 23:30 (HL) on February 20, 2021, from an apartment located in Caballito, Buenos Aires.

He described the reported sighting as a "red head with a long tail turning yellow," which he likened in size to "a soccer ball."
"It flew 'very quickly' horizontally, at a low altitude, and in an east-west direction."

He concluded his account by stating (sic): "Out of nowhere and from behind another building that blocks our view, we saw this red-yellow fireball with a tail. I thought it would collide with the building that was blocking my view, so I quickly looked between that building and the one next to it. There was about 15 meters of separation in my line of sight, if the object continued on its course and we didn't see it again. That's why I deduce that the line it took was towards the west, where Chile is."
The user's location was georeferenced at coordinates 34° 36’ 46’’ S and 58° 26’ 31’’ W, corresponding to an apartment with a southeast view in an urban sector of the city of
Buenos Aires, Argentina. This determined that the case will fall outside
the Committee's scope of work, as it is a report
originated abroad (Figure 1)

Figure 1
Subsequently, the informant provided a newspaper clipping from the digital edition of the morning newspaper from Mendoza, Los Andes, which published
Regarding a meteorite from Chile observed from the city of Mendoza. (Figure 2)

Figure 2. Digital publication of the newspaper Los Andes on Sunday, February 21, 2021.

Additionally, it was verified that there was a note in the national digital press regarding the supposed fall of a meteorite in Santiago, which was reportedly based on a video captured by an urban camera. (Figure 3)

Figure 3. Publication of www.encancha.cl on Sunday, February 21, 2021.
In view of the above, it was decided to investigate the origin of the background that originated the supposedly filmed news in Santiago to determine if there was a connection with what was reported by the user from Buenos Aires and if there had been any danger to navigation.

The texts published in Chile and Argentina were analyzed, defining that they used as a source the published content on the social network site Twitter called Asismet (@Asismet_IF), based in Lima, Peru. (Figure 4)
Figure 4. Asismet site publication.

As seen, the video of the supposed meteorite comes from a site hosted on the video platform YouTube, which belongs to the company Ledrium. This is a national commercial initiative that promotes itself as a provider of information technology services and technologies.

Ledrium broadcasts live feeds from two cameras located at the border of the communes of Providencia and Las Condes. The one shown in the media with the image of the supposed meteorite is
It is located in the northwest corner of the intersection of Avenues Tobalaba and Providencia, pointing towards east-southeast (97°) and covering an angle approximately between 40° and 135° from its location. (Figure 5)
Along with it, there is a second camera that covers between 250° and 345°.(Figure 6)

                               Figure 5


                               Figure 6

The recording was recovered from YouTube and 181 frames were extracted.
tables that contain the apparent overflight of an object
A bright and that take place in approximately a couple of
seconds. Marked by a green arrow, Figure 7 shows the phenomenon as it appears in frames 151, 162, and 170 of that
recording.

According to what is visible, the aerial phenomenon moved away from the camera,
reducing its brightness and visibility, such that it disappears from view
starting from frame 174.

Figure 7

Figure 8. (a) Shows frame 172 of the footage and (b) the scene transmitted the
February 28 at 20:45. The numbers 1 and 2 indicate two prominent structures of buildings that repeat in both images. With number 3, the footprint of the phenomenon is marked in frame 172 of the footage, and with a blue and brown arrow, the limit of the mountain range's elevation is evident.

Figure 9

Upon studying the record published by the National Seismological Center
of the Faculty of Physical and Mathematical Sciences of the University
In Chile, it was verified that there was no report of an earthquake in the vicinity of Santiago around the time of the filming. (Figure 9)

According to all this, the disappearance of the filmed object could have been due to it having just incinerated or that its fall was obscured by the first mountain ranges.

In any case, neither the direction nor the sense of its trajectory were consistent with what the user reported from Buenos Aires, Argentina.

The air traffic that might have flown over Santiago was studied.
between 00:00 and 01:00 (HL) on February 21, without any existing
no aircraft flying east of the city at the time of it
recording. So, none were found in the visual cone of the
camera that filmed and close to the luminous phenomenon.
Figure 10
Images: The user only provided the testimony of his account and
the journalistic note of Figure 2, published in Mendoza,
Argentina.
Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony and the studies
Based on the geographical, seismological, photographic, and air traffic data, it was concluded that the reported event did not match the information provided by publications that stated a meteorite crossed Chilean airspace from west to east and was visible from Mendoza, Argentina.

Additionally, it was determined that a glowing object was flying in a descending trajectory from northwest to southeast, posing no danger to aircraft flying over Santiago city.
The case was closed in accordance with Chapter 1 and numeral 2b of Chapter 2 (Study of cases that have occurred or been recorded in national territory) of the Technical Instruction Procedure, Investigation Times, Background Reception, Executive Report Preparation and CEFAA Report Archiving.

The case was classified as "Foreign."

The reporter was informed of the conclusion of this document and that they could request further information from the Aerospace Identification Center (CIAE) of the Argentine Republic.
