{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513060","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45226","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2600,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/060/mufon-5513060.json","updb_database_id":5513060}
(GS) Witness often sees objects that are like the lower half of a circle filled with water

52 year old, retired witness contacted FI.  The first event she mentioned was from sometime in July of 2009. She had some lantern lights on her windowsill which she puts "tea candles" in. It was about 7 pm or so when she went to light a 4th light in addition to the 3 that were already lit. As she looked out her 3 floor window she saw a light behind a nearby tree. She said to herself "what the heck is that?" The light glided slowly and initially she thought it was Christmas lights but then thought that the light took the form of a human being. The next day she looked out the window again and now there were two objects. She said her heart was beating. She was so excited that she called Channel 6 but no one came out to take her report. About a week later, she was outside and as she often does when its dark, called her friend. She was looking towards the Channel 4 tower about 6:30 pm. when she saw two objects. They looked like the bottom 1/2 of the moon with water in it (translucent). One of them was gliding along and it loked like the water in it wobbled. Witness feels that there is something about the tower that they like. She called her cousin and the cousin said that there was a program on TV called "I survived the Beyond and Back" and that they reported a similar type object. Since that time, the witness sees these objects if it is a clear night. She does not have any pictures as she says she needs a better camera. She has discussed this with the neighbor and they feel that these objects might be the top of their apartment house as they hear someone "walking" up there. They havent gone up to actually look. Witness describe the object as being as big as a Volkswagen or SUV - they come in all sorts of sizes and she often sees them on clear nights; she believes that they like her. I did talk with the neighbor who said she also saw them once and thought they looked like jellyfish.
