{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-15 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283060","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120382","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2456,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/060/mufon-5283060.json","updb_database_id":5283060}
Very low, slow flying winged aircraft?

Around 7PM completely dark, not a cloud in the sky. Leaving parking lot and turned directly into it's flight path, flew straight toward me and directly over my heard. I was able to stop get out my car and watch. Saw what appeared to be a large very slow flying aircraft. The light pattern was something I've never seen.  6 lights in the front which appeared to be making a small "smile" pattern diffidently sweeping upward. Not straight! No center light. 3 lights sweeping upward on each side of the front wing and 2 each on ends of the wings appearing horizontal. Very odd.  A total on 10 lights. What appeared the be the fuselage was odd. It seems very very wide. 3 light each running down the side to be rear wing. It seemed to reach half way from the center of the aircraft to the front wing tips. It was solid, black darker than surrounding area sky. I feel very confident saying this was a solid object, not a group of small auto light aircrafts. The rear wing appears very very small compared to the front and straight.  It looked straight. 2 lights on each side tip of wings. NO blinking lights at all! NO green or red light anywhere. ALL white. I feels like the front wing span may have been the size of a C5. I've seen and heard plenty of them I'm retired Air Force and have been around the flight line including living at the very end of one in Japan. This was no a C-5 landing, the engine noise was completely different. It didn't sound like a jet more closer to a prop engine but not. It was moving very slow. It was a Southerly direction and very small Eastward. Diffidently heading south. It has passed Patrick SFB. When I see the big planes land at Patrick they always seem to be in a Eastward direction and way north of were I was.  Not sure of the speed. All I can say it was very slow for something so big.
