{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-10-31 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470060","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90443","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4125,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/060/mufon-5470060.json","updb_database_id":5470060}
td}Halloween glowing object

At time of sighting, was located in town residence of Childersburg, AL. Younger brother and myself were engaged in wandering all over the various area neighborhoods, on the eve of Halloween. The evening was seasonally mild, compared to most Halloweens, with sparsely scattered clouds, and with approx. 3/4 moon in the SW at approx. 25-30 degrees off of horizon. Can not recall specifics on wind conditions at the time, but remember that was light enough not to cause uncomfortable temperature effects. Evening was pleasant enough, that brother & myself were out for the Halloween activities at an hour of night later than most "trick-or-treat" sessions (approx. 9:30-10:00 p.m.?), although were in process of working our way back towards home. As we were walking north along a street, I noticed that my brother had stopped his walking progress, and was staring in curiosity towards the SSW, over the nearby rooftops and trees. Walking up next to him and looking towards direction he was gazing at, I then observed a brightly glowing object in the air, at a perceived distance of a "few miles", traveling very slowly in what looked like a western direction. The object did not appear to deviate in its speed, direction, or altitude throughout the sighting, and it appeared as a radiant, point-source of un-wavering, white light, of unusually intense/bright level. Object appeared to be slowly traveling in a direction that was taking it towards the moon's position in the sky, from our vantage point, and it seemed to be very close to the same degrees off of horizon, similar to the moon's position. No associated noise or smell detected. After both of us stared at the object for a bit, my brother casually asked what I thought "that white light" was, and after thinking about it for a few more seconds, offered the "possible" explanation of seeing an Apollo moon-mission, and maybe we were seeing the thing's rocket booster, having previously heard on T.V. about such an upcoming mission (not until month of November, if memory serves?). As we began to debate whether, or not, someone could even "see" the rocket booster on something so far away as near the moon, we observed the object pass in front of a portion of an area cloud, causing us to realize that the object was within the atmosphere. Our debate then turned to the possibility that the bright object might be the "landing lights" of something the caliber of a commercial airliner, as the perceived size of the object appeared to us as only approx. 1/5-1/4 the diameter of an aspirin held at arm length, or possibly 2x larger than largest of night-time stars. Points were expressed, concerning why the light source appeared so bright when the object appeared to be heading basically "away" from our location, why the object was not displaying common FAA aircraft safety lightings (blinking red, green, & white), and why would an airliner be flying that noticeably low over an area that possessed no nearby airport large enough to accommodate such. Total time of observation was approx. 2 minutes, during which time the object's slow travel rate still had not "reached" the moon's position from our view, by the time both of us started to get a "creepy" feeling from the difficulty in our attempts to identify the object, and both observers gave up on further observation, disregarded any further Halloween activity, and immediately made our way back home. Sketch available. Possible abduction incident in early a.m. of following morning.
