{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-25 22:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516060","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42076","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3012,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/060/mufon-5516060.json","updb_database_id":5516060}
{nd} 11 pulsing lights over livonia, Mi

We had friends over, entertaining, and had just gotten out of the pool. We gathered around a fire pit and cocktails. Wed looked up and noticed how clear the sky was and it is common to see aircraft coming and going to Detroit airport, though we are a good 40 minute drive from the airport. My friends live up north of the city about a hour so their view of the sky is much better. We were talking about city light pollution, star gazing, etc. All of our eyes were in the sky when we noticed the first object.  

The first object came up from a southerly direction about 10PM.  Having a background in aviation I knew these were not standard aircraft. There were no navigations lights. There was no Red, Green, white or blue. Only the steady pulsing fiery orange. 

We all grasped at what the objects could be when we first saw them. I could not identify the craft at the altitude, but am very familiar with other aircraft that commonly share this airspace and the lighting and speeds associated. The speed of these craft gave no alarm, the had an apparent steady course. However it was the lack of navigation lights that stumped me. I ran in to get the video camera (A video record option off of a regular digital camera.) By the time I got back outside my friend had counted all 11 of them.. I tried to capture a trailing craft, but it was very difficult to keep the camera steady or zoom in with only looking at the LCD viewfinder in the back. 

Only other observations were my friend swore he was hearing helicopters (which if a helicopter was that high you wouldnt hear it,) and I heard a series of booms - like fireworks off in the distance. The craft made a zig-zag exit and disappeared off to the West of Livonia, Michigan.

At the end of the airshow we all digressed over what just happened.  Our friends had little interest and the alpha of the couple was certain that his dad whod served in aviation in WWII said there1s no such thing as flying saucers. I wouldnt jump to alien right away, but nothing civilian would have 11 craft in the sky without proper navigation lights and fixed flight pattern. Either these were military aircraft or just Unidentified Craft.
