{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-08-30 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455060","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106551","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3943,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/060/mufon-5455060.json","updb_database_id":5455060}
Bright light slowly moving towards car on highway then black sphere with 1/3 of it being bright light as it hovered. Then it rapidly zoom up & away.

On August 30, 2019, I was driving from Edmonton to Red Deer, Alberta just after the sun had set and it was getting dark. I had seen several commercial planes going into land at the Edmonton International Airport north of Leduc, Alberta. About 5 minutes south of Leduc, Alberta, I became aware of a very bright light in the south sky straight ahead of me. It was moving toward me slightly left of the highway at a low angle. It appeared to be quite far away and moving slowly like a plane towards me along the highway. At first I thought it could be a plane coming into land at the Edmonton Airport but after a couple of minutes I thought that it might not be a plane because it was too low in the sky and the airport was now several miles north of me. I looked around wondering if other people driving on the highway were seeing what I was seeing. I looked for any other coloured lights around the bright light and saw nothing. It was in front of me and it just kept coming slowly towards me along the highway.

Suddenly it appeared as a black spherical object with an intensely bright light being 1/3 the size of this round object. It seemed to stop and hover in front of my car on the left side of the highway about a kilometer away. I wondered if I was really seeing a black round object with a very bright light or was it not black and simply blocking the light behind it so I could not see the sky light and in its centre was the very bright light. As it hovered there, I felt intent of some kind as if someone was trying to see who I was or was assessing me. I even felt as if they were photographing or recording me and getting information about me somehow. 

Then very suddenly this object shot upward and slightly to the left, moving rapidly upward, getting smaller and smaller as it zoomed away travelling through a large opening between two clouds. The object got smaller and smaller and disappearing as a dot in the sky. This retreat took less than 5 to 10 seconds while the slow approach took several minutes. I stopped the car on the side of the highway and called my friend whose home I had just visited and told her what happened. She told me that a friend of hers had reported having an experience of a brightly lit spherical object following them on that highway as well. I felt better to have talked with her and to know someone else had a similar experience as this was the first for me. 

A couple of days later I told another friend about my experience. She told me that many years before she was driving from Red Deer to Calgary, when a brightly lit spherical object followed her almost at ground level in the field along side of the highway as she drove along the highway. She said that it was just over the fence in the field following her along the highway. She said that she slowed down and it slowed down so she sped up and it matched her speed. She said she stopped and it stopped so she started driving again. This went on for several minutes before it flew away. She said she felt the same as me that there was a feeling of being intently observed throughout the experience.

I am wondering if anyone else has reported this kind of experience to you.
