{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-01-28 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465060","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95739","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3112,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/060/mufon-5465060.json","updb_database_id":5465060}
{rjl} observed bright orange star in sky. never seen before. it was moving, stopped , descended just above cow pasture. undetermined time. took off fast really fast. no sound. it was a metal ball shape inside a red-orange forcefield type glow

was visiting my grandmother at her home in Marion SC. appr. 9:45 p.m. stepped outside to smoke. while looking southerly I noticed a real bright orange star, I knew I had never seen before. It was very far off and looked exactly like star in sky. Took a couple hits off my cig. and looked back, realising that the orange star was slowly moving in upper atmosphere. I continued to observe the object for appr. I'll say 5 minutes until the object was in a slight northerly position from me. The object that I was observing then suddenly stopped at very high altitude. That's when I really knew it must be UFO because I had appr. 2.5 yrs. earlier gotten out of the navy in aviation field and I knew it was no helo.(too high) I then considered going to the door to alert family in house but I didn't want to miss seeing the object. (strange feeling inside me , I was drawn to it,) looked at door second time, same feeling came over me, so, I turned back to the sky and the object was gone. I thought it had left, I turned slightly to my left raising cig. and to my astonishment, the ufo was hovering, silently appr. 10-15 ft. above a cow pasture appr. 40 yards in front of me after I turned. Do not recall exactly how long it was there but I did get a very close detailed look. The outer orange glow was I'm assuming some sort of forcefield? It was moving around like small ripples on a still water with a slight breeze, when the ripples touched they would send a small amount of substance into air then it dropped back into the field. inside was a perfectly smooth round metal sphere. Unknown amount of time later I noticed a black object about midway in the sphere slowly turning towards me, it kept turning until I observed two black objects that moved that's when I knew they were heads. Not sure what to do I raised my hand into the air trying to strike a pose like the nazca line human shape. very, very shortly after I believe I was noticed, it was like the metal sphere jumped backward out of theorange forcefield substance for about a portion of a second, then in the blink of an eye shot off into outer space. The orange substance made a trail from the starting point all theway into space then the spot in cow field took off with the rest of substance and that was that.
