{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486060","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73658","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3095,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/060/mufon-5486060.json","updb_database_id":5486060}
{nd} I have long been a skeptic until last night, I need to rethink my stance on

I was on my back deck, smoking a cigarette watching a high altitude plane, kind of wondering where they were going. I noticed how brilliantly clear it was and found Orion and started star gazing. Then I noticed to my left (east) how it seemed as though the stars were blinking out, almost like something was passing between my line of sight, then noticed, for lack of a better word, a "flash"; almost like a mirror catching moonlight..and thought "hey, it's the Space Station"..best way to make sure you found the space station is too look a little ahead of where you thought you saw it because it moves so dang fast...then...I just don't know how to describe what I saw. The best way I can describe it is like looking at something that is hiding from you and you catch that perfect angle and it's revealed, almost like it was cloaked..this MASSIVE ship, that's what it HAD to be. I've never in my life seen such a thing. It was almost boomerang shaped, but not such a harsh bend, if that makes sense. There were no external lights, it was the color of dirt almost just brownish, with these black, I don't know, maybe exhaust vents? that were oblong, I can recall seeing about five of these black..things..and the entire ship, the whole of it, looked textured some how. I don't know. You know how you see a plane in the air and you can make out the metal is smooth, this was FAR from smooth. It was so high in the air, how could I even tell that it was textured? With no lights how could I tell it was BROWN .. it's not like it was flaming red or flashing lights .. it was dull and MASSIVE and almost seemed like it was creating a haze of some sort. Not one sound came from it. Even high altitude planes you can hear the hum as it passes, there was NOTHING coming from this thing. I lived on Biggs Army Airfield for four years, as a refueling station for all US military forces that have pilots, I have seen a LOT of what the US military has to offer, from a DC10 to a Stealth (which are quite noisey unlike most people think), a Blackhawk to a few prototypes that came out of NV to refuel .. I have never in my life seen anything like this. The silence of it, the size and the fact that I do believe it was "cloaking" and I some how just caught that perfect angle. May sound crazy, but I have never seen something so intentionally try to hide. My mind is blown. I want to know what I saw. How could it do these things?
