{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503060","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55903","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4019,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/060/mufon-5503060.json","updb_database_id":5503060}
{kt}intelligent objects they react to flash & disk like objects, triangle like shaped objects along with diffrent size orbs

I was outside smoking a cigarette, on April 24, 2014 time was about 7:30-8:00pm at night it was still light outside so the sky was still light clear blue and all you could see is the blue sky. I felt this strange sensation of looking up into the sky and in the meantime I observed this really bright object that seemed very out of place since Im very familiar with the sky and star location it seemed a bit odd but as I was about to come in I noticed a lot of little small like flashing orbs ejecting or coming in to close range of that brighter object, so I if that was not strange enough lots of more orbs coming in from the SE direction started coming in to close range of this much bigger object.
So of course ran in grabbed my binoculars and camera trying to see what was this strange object ejecting little like bright orbs that were fling in all sorts of direction with no path, some stopping and hovering and some cont. in a path but dimming the lights and some turning off completely so this was weird since I know of no aircraft to do such thing never the less moving very oddly stopping making sharp turns and like if waiting for a sigh from some other object. I really got scared when I started taking pictures this intelligent objects moved in for a closer look especially the big bright one and dimming its lights while it came in for closer observation of what it might be. I since that night have felt as if I'm being watched or observer or could just be plain paranoia I cant explain it. On 4-23-14 at around 4:15 4:30am I looked outside my bedroom window and to my right and there was a cigar shaped object just in mid air I say like about 10-15 feet off the ground, then my husband had got up to use the restroom and in coming back into the room he turns on light and the cigar shaped object disappears without noise. 
The next day I went out about the same time I have noticed this objects
and the same thing happens little bright orbs coming out of underneath this big bright like object and going in different path or directions and some hovering. 
It was until this morning about like 3:30 4:am I started having the same sensation that something was like hovering up close by my house and sure enough take a look out the living room window and this big bight object since I turned the lights off to go to bed started decending form the sky like a leaf falling to ground and dimming its lights as it did this, so I quickly run and turn the lights on this object starting going back up but still with the light dimmed. I also observed another object a lot higher than the brighter one side with this object I feel like its one craft object but transparent to a point to look like a star and confuse the public but as I said its very weird its been like 2 weeks and this intelligent objects moving in odd and stopping and hovering for long periods of time are cont. to appear. 

All I want is for someone with the experience in this area to please have someone come out and take a look at this very highly active area of unknown flying objects that are scaring me. As for my family thinks im going in sane. Im sending what I have captured but would like to remain anonymous please.
