{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-21 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507705","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50980","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4201,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/705/mufon-5507705.json","updb_database_id":5507705}
{dr}series of lights rising over tree tops passing overhead across highway then fading out

Family members and I were coming home from a trip to the Red River Gorge in two separate vehicles, traveling North on Us Highway 27 in Northern KY. Passing out of Falmouth KY around 9pm, we saw a bright yellowish-orange light ascending out of the tree line to the North East. As we watched, trying to understand what we were seeing, more lights followed the first, forming a delta triangular formation. This formation ascended until it was overhead traveling in an ascending Southeast direction. At this point, we all felt this was an unusual event, and possible extraterrestrial in nature. The driver of the vehicle that I was in, pulled over to the side of the road, so that we could get a better view and take pictures/video. (We had cameras handy because of our daytrip to Natural Bridge KY, and the kids taking pictures of things along the road trip home.) The car following us pulled over behind us, and we all got out to view the event. As we watched, more lights trailed the first group, following a roughly straight-line path to the Southeast. During this first event, we saw a series of approximately 13 lights in all. The lights were a steady bright yellow-orange, moved steadily but slowly across the sky, almost hovering at times, and followed a clear arc across the sky passing directly overhead, and then moving past us until they began to disappear fading out in the far Southeastern sky. There were 6 adults, 3 teens and two kids with us, and we all had varying reactions to the events. I was excited and exhilarated. Some of us were scared and disturbed. Others were dumbstruck and confused, trying to come up with a rational explanation for the strange series of lights. I felt consistently that we were viewing ufos and possibly extraterrestrial spacecraft. Other explanations which were thrown out were: Chinese lanterns/flares/missiles/and unknown military aircraft. The lights moved too controlled and deliberately across the sky, rising steadily and moving at a relatively constant pace to be anything random or unmanned/controlled. As we watched, the first lights began to break formation and one light sped up and jumped ahead until fading out of sight. All the lights moved to the same area of the sky before likewise fading out. Having watched the lights for roughly 12 minutes, we began to become concerned, and even scared. If this was not a series of extraterrestrial spacecraft, then we might be watching missile launchings and could be about to experience a nuclear war and worse. We wanted to get home and see if there was any related news reports or other possible explanations. As we left the area, the lights continued to rise and fill the sky. On the way home, other lights came up in a more horizontal string and then the sightings stopped. Overall, we figure there had been anywhere between 18 and 24 lights all following the same basic slow steady path across the sky. There were no news reports and no other related information corroborated our experience. During the event there was no accompanying sounds, the lights traveling through the sky in absolute silence. It was hard to determine any size or distance, as the objects may have been external lights attached to a larger object that we couldnt actually see, or the lights were themselves the objects and much higher in the sky.
