{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-20 16:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504705","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54184","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3355,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/705/mufon-5504705.json","updb_database_id":5504705}
Many UFO's and other structures on Lunar Surface

In Sept 2013, while using GOOGLE Earth to view the Moon I visited the Mare Moscoviense Area. My eye-altitude varied from a few hundred metres to about 2 kms. I try to have objects of 100m easily-viewed. It was in the South eastern section that I saw many rectangular and other seemingly artificial objects and then moved on and found hundreds more. From that time until now I have spent a few hours every day. 

Examples: In an equatorial strip-section of the Earth side of the Moon I found a jpg showing what appears to be a very bright spot about 50m in diameter. It looks as if a very powerful coherant energy device (lazer in gigajoule range) was in the process of buring a, 'trench,' into the surface. See, 'Surface burn,' pic.

On that 2,400km strip I found 54 Identicle blgs I call, 'castles,' a label of conveniencel. These are equally spaced with the same geographical orientation. The Long-Lat at the bottom right of these pics shows them to be seperate and not copies.

I have found a great deal more, some of it dramatic, all of it convincing. I was a Royal Air Force photographer/analyst trained to intepret ariel mosaics of former Warsaw Pact areas. I have the experience and training to be utterly convinced of what I have found.

I took a CD with a few hundred jpgs I had downloaded from GOOGLE Earth to the local TV network (NTV) and they looked - and went silent, no answers to emails etc. Over that last few months I attempted 4 emails - none answered.

I can and will send pictures if you wish. But it has been, 'suggested' that my attempts to the media is, 'unwise.' 

Frankly, I do not think you will answer. 

Suggestion: Can send you a copy of my GOOGLE Earth, 'my places,' where I have logged many items. There's a few hundred and it would be easy for you to use this to see - what I have seen.

My pictures are utterely convincing and some are, to say the least, dramatic.

All the pictures GOOGLE are sourced from, NASA, JAXA, SELENE and the USGS. I have examined them in detail and while a few show data compression, there is no evedence of manipulation by Photo Shop etc.

I have attached 5 pics below, but I have hundreds.
