{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505705","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53139","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3503,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/705/mufon-5505705.json","updb_database_id":5505705}
{rjl} 1 orb moving east to west, changed direction to almost parallel with: 1 orb moving from south to northern direction just after 12 am new years

For new years I watch local fireworks and stars. Just after 12 am my time people of neighboring zip codes were celebrating new years morning, I watched the fire works and 1/2 a sky of stars. The other half was covered by thick white clouds. It was so quite i could hear traffic from 270, and 55, along with what others were shooting off. After a few minutes 1 very bright orb was viable through easterly trees. It was moving fast and seemed to pulse red/orange to almost white. It was about 2-3 times the size of the lowest flying plan Ive seen in the area. So bright the color was the only thing viable. I couldnt see through it so I assume it was solid, or emitting so much light no background star was viable. The speed was incredibly fast too. It covered the flight path about 3-4 times faster than planes that fly in the area. 

 Shortly after realizing it was not a firework exploding, and traveled too fast to be a plane I notice a 2nd one coming from a southern to North, North eastern direction. Both were below clouds, altitude unknown. Similar size (brightness), same colors, same type of pulse. Synchronized unknown. They were wonderful in color, with out sound, left no trail in the sky, made no beam, no landing, no stop.
 After the first one arrived at the same intersecting level it suddenly changed to the same direction the second one was headed. They both flew that way until they were out of sight blocked by tress, or objects on the horizon. only took 1ish minutes for them to be visible and gone. Im not a good judge of time when Im not paying attention, but they were there and gone quick... maybe less than 1 minute. I knew theyd be out of sight before i could fetch a camera so I just enjoyed seeing what ever it may be.

 I watch single prop, double prop, passenger jets, helicopters, and military fighters& choppers, and I know it was none of the above common types that. I can hear choppers from miles away before seeing it, same with planes at night. There was no sound, Brilliant intense light in an orb shape, that was steady and didn't flicker or flash. To even come close to how bright this light was it would take a chopper with a search light opened up, fly low, and even then it would have cast a beam of light viable in such pitch black night sky. Ive worked in theater so seen plenty of lights. I could also say the colors were slightly different between center part and outer. But no descriptive words i have would do it justice. This thing cast no beam of light, but only seemed to be an orb of independent light. No sound, no beam of light, just a steady cycle of colors. Would be interesting to recreate it with CG, but Im not even sure that would be done right... it was unique compared to anything seen thus far.
