{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-09 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529705","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25807","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2891,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/705/mufon-5529705.json","updb_database_id":5529705}
multiple ufos flying and when we left stone mountain park we were followed.

Me and my fiance nnerika were night fishing at this place called Stone Mountain park now, from where we were standing (at the bell) right across from the paddle boats area you can see this restricted area that's across the lake. Its called the golf lake and over there you cannot fish,
and from behind the trees in that area, these little illuminated air crafts were rising up from behind the trees and like, they'd reach a certain height in the sky, the take off on a course to the left now... this happened about 16 times repeated and we saw this last night too we were just paying more attention to them tonight these airships had a little blue light on the left, a red light on the right, a white light in the middle, and two search lights on the bottom so, more started taking off from that same area beyond those trees...but they started taking different courses so, i called my mom and started talking extra super loud so, my fiance is thinking "if they aren't of this world, they can hear us" so, she was trying to get me to be quiet then... on of the air crafts comes in our direction and turns on these search lights so, my fiance turned off our flash lights and duck close to the ground but i panicked and took off running so, the airship starts following me so, the ship is following me, then i stopped and turned around to come back and get my fiance so i end up going where im covered by the trees and... i think the ship lost sight of me and.... it disappeared...just vanished in thin air...im even freaking out just typing this story up now.....so here we are going to my house and we look to the right of us and there was one of the air crafts...up close!!!!! and i looked up int the air just after looking down just for a few seconds to drive properly and it was gone!!!!! that fast!!! and i didn't hear anything and neither did my fiance !! it was triangular and seemed to be flying sideways!!so i hurried home and now im seeing these same things in my front yard up in the sky and they were flying do high so you couldn't see them well and now im scared every night and now to go to sleep....i never want t go back to stone mountain again but if i do i want to expose these things....that is all
