{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-05 23:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528705","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26857","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2892,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/705/mufon-5528705.json","updb_database_id":5528705}
Approximately a dozen bright orange starlike objects

~12 bright orange starlike objects fairly evenly distributed in a 5 degree diameter circularish region, each slowly moving, but not all in the same direction or from the same radiant as a meteor, of closely similar brightness. It produced the effect of a cloud of slowly diffusing particles of light. I'm estimating each to be at about -4 to -5 magnitude, very bright. Some of them flickered very slightly.

The points were all bright when I first saw them, and over about 45 seconds, each one faded in turn until none were left. The lights were SSW of my address [Coordinates moved to additional evidence section/cms/tg] in north-central Austin in the Hyde Park neighborhood, and at a very low (angular) altitude, perhaps 10-15 degrees, and visible through a gap in the trees. 

I have only a vague impression that they looked to be over Austin downtown or at least UT, but only having magnitude and not really any clues from movement characteristics, it might have been farther (but I don't think closer).

My brother was leaving my house to go home, and we were standing on Caswell Ave. talking, and directly toward campus on that street in a gap between the trees (SSW). I caught movement out of the corner of my eye and saw the lights. My first quick impression was of a bunch of fireworks slowly dissipating as they normally do, but over a much longer period of time and definitely not falling from the sky. Nor did it seem to be like an exploding plane or helicopter because the lights were two uniform and very pointlike, and there was no residue in the sky of any explosion event. It did not at all look like a meteorite fireball because of the slow lingering and very slow movement of each "star" in non-uniform directions.

I am an amateur astronomer and have seen a number of unusual atmospheric and optical phenomena, so I'm not an inexperienced observer. My brother, also an experienced observer, was standing next to me and saw the same thing: our descriptions of the phenomenon were close to identical.

He and I were amazed and yelling, and ran into my house to get my wife (who has had multiple UFO experiences), while I ran down the street to get a better view through the trees were very marginally blocking the phenomenon.
