{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-06-15 13:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508700","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49757","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2515,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/700/mufon-5508700.json","updb_database_id":5508700}
I was at work on my lunchbreak it was summer i sat outside on a bench, I looked up at sky saw matalic object moving slowing then slow path it hovered for a couple of secs.

It was summer, early 90's. I was at work and on my lunchbreak I think it was around 1pm-2pm. I was sitting on a bench outside the building where I work in London. (I won't mention the buildings name, but it's a major tourist attraction). I was relaxing before going back inside the building. I usually look up at the sky to take in the blue sky and clouds. I did so on this day and noticed a metallic object above me but quite high up. I looked around to see if any other people where looking up at it but they were just eating lunch and talking. I couldn't believe what I was seeing i instinctively knew it wasn't a plane as it was hovering and slowly spinning at the same time like a childs spinning top. It reflected the sun's light it had a haze around it like the sun's heat on sand on a very hot day. I could clearly see it spinning it looked just like the flying saucers you see in the films from the 60's, so I thought maybe this is some gimmick. I watched as the object started to move slowly and disappear I think behind some clouds. It's so long ago now but i've never forgotten it. Not long after this, I was at lunch again one day when I returned my colleague said someone came in asking for you by name, a man and a lady very smartly dressed they had fair hair, she thought they were relatives of mine. They asked when I would be back from lunch, but they never returned and they never left a name. I asked my family members who I have to add are mostly of dark hair, if they had been into see me recently at work. They all said No, they hadn't. My colleague said this couple were wearing suits, which she thought was odd as it was a very hot day and they didn't even seem to be sweating. It just made me feel very odd, and as I say i've never forgotten it.
