{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-21 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507700","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50985","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2912,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/700/mufon-5507700.json","updb_database_id":5507700}
{dr}3 red-orange lights near downtown LA ascended into sky and disappeared.

I was on the balcony smoking a cigarette and noticed something out of the corner of my eye. One red-orange light moving across the sky, it was very bright and may have passed directly over dodger stadium. It went behind the roof and I lost track of it. It looked like nothing I had ever seen before. Too bright and not the right color to be a plane, and no noise whatsoever. My first thought was possibly a shooting star. However, it was flying horizontally and did not 1burn out1 or leave a trail. 

Seconds later 2 more red-orange lights 1appeared1 to the right of the first light, approx. 3-5 miles away from the first sighting. They were headed towards me. There was no sound and the lights did not flash. I listened for jet engines, propellers or helicopter noise and there was none. Based on their appeared proximity to me I should have heard something but they were silent. They were not the same color as any airplane or helicopter lights I had ever seen. 

They appeared to be flying horizontally but not in a perfect flight pattern. The light on the left started to ascend upwards until it simply disappeared. After it disappeared the light on the right also ascended upwards until it too simply disappeared. I watched the lights shrink until they were the same size as the stars next to them and just kept going. The speed of the ascension was swift, much more so than any helicopter is capable of doing. It took about 3 or 4 seconds for it to travel from a very large brilliant light within approx. 7,000 feet distance from me and an approx. altitude of the same until it was a mere 1speck1, incredibly high in the sky. 

This all happened just before midnight, approx. 11:45-11:50 pm September 21, 2013 over a very populated area of Los Angeles. The total time of the sighting from start to finish was about 1 minute, maybe a minute and a half. 1 Silent, quick and remarkably extraordinary. 

While it was happening I just stood there in silence watching everything I could notice. I was in disbelief of what I was possibly witnessing. After it was over I thought to myself 1wow, that was really cool1 and was pretty excited, in a good way. Not once did I ever feel fear or panic or threatened in anyway during the event.
