{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466700","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93985","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3464,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/700/mufon-5466700.json","updb_database_id":5466700}
{jpg} standing in front of my house I was blinded by bright lights from an object

On this night I can't recall the exact time but it was probably after 12:30am and before 1:30am. I was standing in front of my house having a cigarette. I was looking west..the sketches I have attached should help to visualize what happened. I turned my head for a second and then as I turned it back I was suddenly blinded by very bright white lights that seemed be right in front of me. I used my hands to shield my eyes and as they gained focus there was a large object which seemed to be right above the house across the street. The lights were the color of the headlights on new cars.. it was a white light and very bright. This was one solid object which when I first saw it was on an angle then it appeared to straighten out, and it flew off down the street at about 500 feet or so up. I watched it go down the street over the houses and trees in curved flight path until it went over the horizon. I do live near flight paths for a major airport which is Detroit metro, but I did not think it possible for an airplane to be so low that it's lights would blind me as I was on the ground. Also, I have never seen an airplane come up so quickly, without me hearing anything. The object was not completely silent though, as it turned and flew down the street it made a whoosh sound, which I could interpreted as thrust as it quickly gained speed. It was much quieter than an airplane though, at least a normal one I would think would have been much louder as it gained speed right above me and my neighborhood. As I watched it fly away, I could see that it was one object but i could not make out exactly what it was. It seemed to have a haze around it, almost like a distortion. Is there a way to tell if this was just a freak accident with a plane flying way to low, is it possible to get radar information or check flight information? I don't understand how it was suddenly there without any warning, and how it was on an angle right in front of me, then suddenly turned and flew down the street. The object was probably at least 60 feet wide.. and had really bright lights in the front that absolutely blinded me initially. Please feel free to contact me with any questions. I have checked the box to remain anonymous but I am willing to provide my information as needed in the course of any investigation. If there is no further investigation, maybe I can be directed at how to investigate this on my own. I have not been able to get this out of my head, and I was not going to report it but I would really like to know if there was something tracked on radar or what it was I saw that night.
