{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1949-11-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492700","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66828","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3377,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/700/mufon-5492700.json","updb_database_id":5492700}
{rjl} I thought it was the sun coming up. But it came up like a 3 way light bulb near to far to medium. we had gotten home late. But I was told the next day that it was not that late. I slept on the porch in the hills of Woodside.

I believe I was 4 years old. 1949. We lived in the Woodside highlands. I slept on the back porch. My parents and I had been out to visit friends that night. When we arrived home I remember that my parents said that it was very late. We all went to bed. I was laying in bed on the back porch which looked out to the trees. that were on the other side of the creek that was right behind the house. All of a sudden I saw what I thought was the sun come up. There was a blink and this white globe instantly appeared like when a light is turned on. It blinked again and it was instantly closer and lighter. Then it blinked again and it was very close, very large and very bright. Like turning on a three way light like the lamp that we had in our living room. 
I thought this is too bright, and it immediately blinked back to the second position which was a less bright and slightly farther back. I thought to myself, now that is better. 
I then instantly felt very tired, and I was thinking that it was because the sun had come up. In hind sight i guess the feeling was like being drugged.
I told my mother the next day and she said that it must have been the moon because we didn't get home that late. Later when I was a little older she told me she thought that i had seen a UFO.
I am now 69 years old and remember that instance like it was yesterday. Of course I have known for a long time that it was indeed a UFO. 
I had weird dreams for a long time after that, that had to do with seeing things that were in the near future. As I grew older I have experienced other "gifts" and more recently wondered if I was abducted or visited and if this is why these gifts developed. These include seeing glimpses of the near future without dreaming. Seeing auras at times. Various forms of telepathy. I was good at math in school, but did it my own way in my head and was often accused of cheating. I have also seen other things that I cannot explain. I have had to keep all of these things to my self because of my profession. I work as a 
Director of a treatment program and have been working as a therapist for many years. I have never been able to talk about how I know some things about my clients other than explain my insights in clinically excepted terms to my colleagues. I am reputable in my field of substance abuse and mental health treatment. I earned my doctorate at the age of 53. I need to keep this anonymous because of my career. I would really like to know if there were any other sightings in Woodside, California in 1949 or early 1950.
