{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481700","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78302","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3080,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/700/mufon-5481700.json","updb_database_id":5481700}
{dr}Glowing orb beneath starline over lake MI

We were camping at Big Knob campground which is MI state park located right on lake MI. We arrived back at camp late and noticed it was the first clear night to stargaze. We took a walk to the beach just after midnight hoping to catch some meteor showers and enjoy the stars with no light pollution. After identifying some constellations, we gazed towards the lake waiting for shooting stars. I immediately noticed a star that was far below the rest over the water. Within seconds i witnessed unnatural movement and focused in on it. I called attention to it by my partner and we watched the object for 15 to 20 min. At times it appeared to hover over the horizon. The most amazing moments happened when we witnessed it zigzag and (very quickly) to the east and west and would appear to be descending into the lake, then suddenly shoot upwards again. We also observed color changes from white to pink, then red and blue. At one point it appeared as though a white beam was being emitted, like a spotlight, very briefly. It was cool and the water had very little wave activity. The zig zagging was so fast and foreign, we are sure it was no aircraft we are accustomed to (2 army vets). It was not a plane or helicopter. Although we are very open minded, avid outdoor enthusiasts and love looking at the sky, we have never witnessed anything like this. We both had goose bumps, and the hair on mu arms was standing up. So many emotions ran through our minds, the first of which "Who else is seeing this?" Also, i was angry that i left my video cmera at home. We thought about waking up others in the campsite (which was very quiet) but were afraid when we came back it would be gone. We were alarmed enough that our dog was uneasy. (Out of character for him). I tried to videotape with my cell phone but when we got back there was nothing visual at all. We only have the audio which is embarrasing because i used a lot of profanity but didnt realize it at the time. Since then we have been searching the net for similar stories and are compelled to seek similar experiences. We definitely want to know more and hope that reporting now may find someone else with a corroborated version. Came across this site in our search and have broadened our horizons on this ufo thing a little. Hope our story helps ultimately, even if just a little. We feel like no one will believe us, and without photogrphic evidence, it will just be "our awakening".
