{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-23 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488700","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70939","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2896,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/700/mufon-5488700.json","updb_database_id":5488700}
{jpg} Saw Very bright red light. Followed it 35 miles up interstate to film and it never got any closer. Very fast. Took videos.

Me and my girlfriend were in Mt. Juliet TN until about 10:30pm then we started to leave. As we were in her car leaving I saw a very bright red light moving very quickly back and forth and hovering. When it was hovering 
it looked a lot like a star. We followed it and took several videos. We even got on I-40 and started chasing it up the interstate to see if we could get closer and get a better video. We went about 30 miles east on I-40 and then turned back around towards Nashville and got off at the Linwood exit. Then we pulled over to watch the UFO and noticed that there were actually about 10+ in the sky. Here we witnessed multiple military helicopters chase towards them and heard a continuous loud howling sound. We also witnessed each of these red lights zip back and forth and hover around very fast. These were not remote controlled drones because we had already chased one up the interstate 30 miles and no way could one go that far away from the remote control. And also we know they are not drones because we have seen one that flies around our condo all the time and these lights moved totally different than drones. Plus these lights were so far on the horizon that we drove 30 miles and they were still on the horizon. AND as far away as that means these lights were, they must have been covering MASSIVE distances when they zipped back and forth. I have MANY videos but most of them didnt turn out very well. I need help to brighten up these videos so you can see the objects better but I do have one video from while we were driving and chasing it that turned out MUCH better. At one point during the video we appeared to get close to the light and it zipped accross the sky at an incredible rate. If the entire 360 degree video of the sky was a clock, this thing jumped from 10 to 3 in a matter of seconds which was incredible. the videos are massive file sizes so I would rather speak to someone and share them a different way but I have included the link to the best video that was uploaded to my box.com account. Here is the link to download it:

[link moved to FI section/CMS/jpg]

I look forward to speaking with someone about this incident.
