{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-06-20 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456700","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104885","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3257,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/700/mufon-5456700.json","updb_database_id":5456700}
{rjl} Unknown object observed summer of 1986, 5 white circular lights in a V formation, No engine noise with a very slow flight speed.

It was the Summer of 1986 at about midnight or so. I was about 15 years old and home alone as my mother worked 2 jobs. We lived in a townhome apartment complex on the northern side of Springfield Missouri. It was a calm quiet night, no storms or visible clouds and no wind with a temp about 80 degrees. Springfield at the time had a population of about 130,000 people.
I was going through TV channels trying to find something to watch. We had no remote to the TV so I sat on the floor channel surfing. The TV was a large console TV which was under a large front window. 
As I sat indian style flipping channels, I could look out the window towards the sky. I noticed a very large series of lights in the sky. It appeared to be 3 lights in a large V formation. They appeared to be quite low for even a helicopter or any fixed winged craft. It moved very, very slow with no sound. It continued straight not ascended or descending, not turning. It was traveling due north from due south. 
I saw the lights get closer and I got up thinking it was plane flying the wrong way. Just behind the housing complex to the north about .5 miles away is a small private airstrip with mostly single engine prop planes. This airstrip is not normally used at night and the airstrip runs East to West. The lights were not in the proper orientation for a final approach to land at the airstrip and was moving much slower than an aircraft flies to land. 
I continued to watch it and ended up going outside. I stood outside looking south as the lights approached. I never heard any sound and it never sped up or changed direction. As it approached, it began "turning on" other lights or more lights became visible. It now had 5 solid lights and appeared immense in size. I noticed several other residents were all looking at it. About 10 or so of us. 
We watched it and it was almost directly over head. It appeared to be either really low and huge in size or really high and really huge. It continued the same course and we all watched it until it was out of sight. I never appeared to land or go into the sky, just... disappeared. 
After it was gone, I yelled at one of the neighbors across the street, "what was that?" She responded back, " I have no idea, it was weird as f**k though." 
None of us saw it again and I had no ill effects afterwards. 
The next night on the 10 PM KY3 local news mentioned the station had received many phone calls about it and stated they had no idea what they were either. nothing ever happened since.
