{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-09 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515700","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42450","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3057,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/700/mufon-5515700.json","updb_database_id":5515700}
(GS) What seemed like two stars standard not moving until they began to rotate around each other in a circle --then seperate in opposite directions.

My friend and I wanted to go sky watching in Hooksett NH but we were not sure if it was going to get cloudy so we decided to stay close to home. We went to a park near by my home. I had my camcorder, telescope and my sons night vision so we could see if we could view more stars with it. Well to get to the point. Before we had even setup my camera and telescope we were talking about the night vision goggles as my friend was looking through them he acted suddenly aware of something in the sky and said to me ( Is that star moving?) within a second I looked at the direction he was pointing which was in the south west direction and I saw clear as can be two star like orbs close together in a stationary positions begin to rotate around one another until they rested back in there original positions( like a Yin Yang is all I kept thinking), then separated in opposite directions heading what I could only guess was north and south. They moved reasonably slow and they both never changed size and we lost track of them because we were moving around erratically trying to set up the camera and telescope. I was not able to record the orbs because my camcorder shutter was closed, I did how ever film our reactions while scrambling around. Also the camcorder does not film well at night for star viewing anyway. Both my friend and I saw the same exact thing, their was no obstacles around, no clouds, no planes until after and what seemed like the same two type of planes were heading SW to NE just in the area we saw the sighting and they were also flying opposite directions and we ended up seeing one helicopter later that night but their has been allot of military and pedestrian helicopters flying over lately. The planes could have been different but the light setups were exactly the same. What1s even more weird is the planes flew head to head then one flew directly over the other. Im not certain if thats normal or not. 
 I was so excited to have been lucky enough to witness it happen. I have had two other sightings in the past and I was never certain if they were real or just misunderstood but now Im certain their is more out there. Maybe its spiritual, alien, Government, I don't know but what I do know is that planes don't sit still rotate then separate and satellites definitely don't either.
