{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-30 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499700","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59432","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2920,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/700/mufon-5499700.json","updb_database_id":5499700}
{jd} VERY BRIGHT white light, with other blinking lights flying low

I went out to the driveway to smoke a cig. I was just pacing around like usual, when I saw a VERY bright white light in the distance that appeared not to move at all for about ten seconds. I then put my cig out and ran inside to tell my parents. My mom came downstairs and I looked out the front window and it had moved since I ran in and we watched it go directly over the house. The window part probably lasted like 3-4 seconds I was trying DESPERATELY to make out a shape but I just couldn't because the light was so bright in the front. I also recall seeing blinking lights around it which gave me the sense that it was at least the size of a small plane and was flying VERY low overhead. I then ran out to the back door and sadly there is a line of tall trees at the end of the backyard so I couldn't really look at it anymore at that point. But I do know that it made NO NOISE. Now a little background. I'm 25, and pretty successful. I have always believed that UFO's exist, and I have always believed there is probably alien life somewhere out there. I am a perfectionist and a realist. I have seen some odd things in the sky before, and I look up at the sky pretty often. But everything I have ever seen until now has been explainable by something known. The second I saw that light unmoving in the distance my gut instinct was OMG my first UFO sighting. I WOULD NOT be reporting this if I didn't honestly think it might have been a UFO as I hate wasting mine and other people's time more then anything else. There is a very small chance it could have been a drone as I have never seen one at night or that low, but it seemed much to large to be a drone to me. Sadly my total visual site of this thing was maybe like 15-20 seconds on and off. But Gut instinct as always served me very well. Anyways. Just thought I should share my first sighting! :D Oh and when I think back, since it went overhead exactly the opposite direction I saw it first, there is a SMALL chance that when I first saw it it was moving in a direct line towards me which gave the allusion of no movement. But again. Gut instinct and memory tell me it was NOT moving originally. Oh and this literally like just happened so I'm not just like trying to remember it or something haha
