{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-01-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487700","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71955","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6661,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/700/mufon-5487700.json","updb_database_id":5487700}
{jpg} Seen orbs at least a dozen different times, Have 1 event seeing a being.

About 15 years ago, my ex and I used to drive late at night. I lived in a rural area, not many people, very dark and lots of woods. At least a dozen different occasions we witnessed orbs in the woods. We were driving at various speeds. Sometimes the orbs would follow the car. Sometimes would appear in the road hovering just in front of us and sometimes shoot past us, turn around and circle back. One time we were driving and there was a car about 100 feet behind us. An orb shot out of the woods, really far ahead of us and started towards us, like it was playing chicken or something. Just as we got close enough to hit, it darted over us, staying just about the outline of the car, even dipped down along the trunk, then shot straight into the car behind us. I heard the windshield bust on their vehicle. I was a young teenager and scared! To this day I regret what I did next. I screamed for him to get us out of there. He floored it all the way to town. I have wondered many times what happened to those people. At the time I didn't know what they were. I thought they were spirits out in the woods at first. Recently he and I had a conversation about that night. He remembers it just as I do. 

I have one other experience that I am not sure if it's real. My family was out of town and I was home alone. My mother owned a large amount of property, our house had a huge cleared field out back, then woods. I was sitting on the couch watching television. We had large windows overlooking the field. It was getting dark (probably about 6 pm) and I kept feeling like I was being watched. I finally closed the curtains, grabbed a blanket and laid back on the couch. I remember being really tired and this is where I don't know if I dreamed this, or if it happened.... I saw a small human like "grey" walking in the field towards our house. It was like it was locked on me. It didn't waver. It didn't speed up and it showed no emotion. I just remember being extremely afraid. I got a baseball bat, my blanket and went to hide in my closet. Next thing I remember is waking up on the couch, baseball bat on the fireplace, my blanket was gone and hearing the craziest (again) scary noise. THUMP... SCREECHING/SCRATCHING, THUMP... SCREECHING/SCRATCHING over and over, coming from the window facing the field. I grabbed the bat (As if my tiny 100 pound 16 year old self was invincible as long as I had king Louie!) It took me about 25 times or more of hearing this noise (I was standing against the wall right by the windows, my back to the wall praying to Almighty God, the baseball Gods, or anyone who would listen to my prayer to protect me) I finally pulled the drapes back, jumped in front of the window with my bat ready and FROZE! It was cats. Effin Cats. There were about 5 or 6 of them. 2 fully grown and a few mid sized kittens. They were jumping into the window (THUMP) Claws out, hooked into the screen, and they slid down (SCREECHING/SCRATCH) What the what!!?? Why are the cats acting so crazy? Why do they want in so badly? 

The entity in the field, I am not sure if I dreamed it.....but it felt so real. That fear was real.
The going to the closet was real (I later found my blanket in there)
The cats were real....I wish it would have happened in a more modern time. If I would have had a cell phone I could have videoed the cats. Taken pictures of the mangled screen on the window. Anything. 
Then there was the time lapse. It was just getting dark when I closed the curtains and laid with my blanket. After seeing the cats I just sat on the floor and cried. About an hour later my family returned home. They had gone to an amusement park for the weekend. I lost over an entire day. They left Friday just after school got out. I didn't go because I had a job that I took very seriously and was not going to call out. Friday at dusk-ish I laid on the couch. My family came home Saturday night / Sunday morning. It was roughly midnight. I didn't go to work Saturday afternoon as scheduled. No one was home, so no one could tell me if I was just super tired and slept 36 hours. Nothing astray in the house, except the shredded screen and crazy cats, which of course, had stopped by the time everyone came home. No one believed me. Mom said that the cats were probably trying to get away from a stray dog or something. I still think she secretly believes I destroyed the screen. All I know is that the orbs in the woods, I now know are UFOs. My mother no longer lives out there. I refused to drive in the dark alone. Soooo many nights I would beg to stay at friends houses so I wouldn't have to drive those roads alone. I NEVER went in the back field ever again. To this day, I HATE cats. I started having night terrors around that time, getting migraines, and insomnia. It's been 15 years and I have re-occurring nightmares about alien beings. I dream of other scary entities as well, but the alien ones shake me to my core. When I see certain types of Aliens I cannot even look at the picture. I have to look away. When the movie "Signs"-with Mel Gibson/Joaquin Phoenix- came out I felt I NEEDED to see the movie. I laughed at the baseball bat references..but when it showed the birthday party part, where it walks and looks at the camera, I literally started shaking and crying. My friend made so much fun of me. I truly feel that something happened. I have an UN-natural fear of UFO / Aliens, yet so intrigued at the same time. I have only told a few people of these events. Most blow me off and think I am full of it. My husband has seen first hand how the nightmares effect me. The man who was my boyfriend at the time, who used to see the orbs with me, is my oldest son's father. He is someone I have regular contact with. He believes me that I saw something in the yard. He also believes his own eyes, because he has seen the 20-50ish orbs along with me when we were teenagers. His mother has seen them as well. Not on the same road, but only about 15 miles away.
