{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-30 20:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512700","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45610","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3271,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/700/mufon-5512700.json","updb_database_id":5512700}
{cak} Orange glowng oblect developed

On the evening of Wednesday, January 30th 2013 at 8:52 pm I was in the parking lot of Manning Building Supply on the Southside of Jacksonville, Florida dropping off some hockey equip for my nephew who works at the business. I was facing due South as we were talking in the parking lot and noticed a distinct orange light flickering. The flickering wasnt a fast strobe effect or the twinkling like a star, it just flickered in what seemed a random pace, not an even sync or even paced flicker (if that makes sense). Since the object wasnt moving in the sky I either assumed it was stationary or travelling directly at me. I live only 3-4 miles from where I witnessed this and this area is 6-7 direct miles from Jacksonville Naval Air Station (JAX NAS) so I am very familiar with military aircraft at night, as far as landing lights, nav lights and anti-collision lights. This object had none of those and was a vivid orange color. After approx. 10-15 seconds the light began to move in a Northerly direction. At that time it was to the East of my position moving North.As I tracked the light, it twice grew a "tail" of orange light, similiar to a comet tail. What I mean by that is it seemed to have a sparkle property to it. The "tail" was maybe 4Xs the width of the light, it wasnt very long. During that period the light also glowed several times. I compared the glow to like a light going behind a thin cloud layer and diffusing the light, except it was a crystal clear evening and I could see stars behind the light the whole time. The size of the light would be similar to the largest star in the sky and Im estimating the distance from me was 10-15 miles and speed (if it was that distance) was approx. 150-200kts. I am a former Army Aviator having flown UH-1 and OH-58 aircraft so I am very familiar with aircraft lighting and flight characteristics and this light was no aircratf I have ever seen. No landing light, no vavigation lights and no a/c strobes. Just a solid orange color that was either hovering and began moving North or was flying directly at me and changed course to continue moving North but staying to the East of me. None of these movements can be duplicated by an inatimate oblect such as comet or meteor and like I said no aircraft I am aware of glows with a tail. The light all at once just "stopped" or disappeared or ceased to emit light, however you want to say it, when it was almost due East of my position still travelling North. I woulsd also estimate the light was 2000-3500 AGL. I hope my description of the events are good enough for you to have a good idea of what Im trying to convey.
