{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-07-19 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451700","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109945","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4388,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/700/mufon-5451700.json","updb_database_id":5451700}
I was a scout long ago, while doing Order of the Arrow, we saw a UFO above the tree line. It moved straight and then up after being hit by a rock.

When I was approximately 13 years old I saw this UFO that changed my life in many ways. Here is that story. 

I am an Eagle Scout and have always enjoyed scouting. In scouting, there is a service organization called Order of the Arrow (OA), you have to be elected by the troop into it. I was on my first OA Trip, something they call the “ordeal” that initiates you into the OA.  Part of that involves camping under the stars in a sleeping bag, spread out so your ‘alone’ (but in reality your like 20 feet from the next person). So we ate, had a little ceremony, then went to bed, a few hours after sundown, about 9:00 PM or so.

All was normal, until I woke up to shouts and hoots and awes. There was approximately 10 or more people awake who were pointing and shouting at this craft moving slowly and steadily in the air. Of those who were awake, an overwhelming high number of them were teenage boys, my fellow scouts at the time, I do remember 2-3 adult leaders there at the time too. One of the adults was shouting to another bot to “grab my camera” (pre cellphone timeframe). Most boys were awe-ing and shouting things like “cool!” Or “wow!”

What I saw was floating just above the Juniper trees, no more then 15-20 feet up tops. I first saw it from a slight angle, it appeared to be saucer shaped, but glowing in an neon sign fashion, but without the glass containing the glow, Wright light. I also saw some red light from one of the edges, what I assumed to be the backside. The red glow was crescent moon shaped somewhat. I also noticed that craft was slightly more oval then straight up round. The total size was huge to me, my guess was something like 30-40 feet in the slightly oval shape. You could not see a surface in the craft, it was all contained in behind the glow. 

It seemed to be dead silent and moving very slowly up the camp (up the mountain) across the scouters camp ground. 

When it was directly over the bulk of the people (only something like 30-40 seconds has gone by at this point), one of the boys with blond hair and PJs picked up a rock and threw it at the craft. There was a “tink-tink” noise and then the rock came down at a deflected angle. The rock did seem to go into the glow shrouding the place where it actually hit, however I was not quite at the right place to fully see that spot where the rock hit. Everyone heard it hit, one of the adult leaders, the same one inquiring about the camera, reprimanded the boy who through the rock something like, “don’t do that!”. I remember from the moment the rock hit, to the time just after the scout master said ‘don’t do that’, the craft stopped dead still in the air. No noise. Then within a second or two after that it went straight up like, fast. Really fast. Within 30-60 seconds it was nothing more then a pinprick of light. Then it was out of view entirely. I remember the next day one of the scout masters told people to “not tell anyone” and had shushed people taking about the incident. That did not stop me from telling my parents. 

Sometime within the week after that (I lived in Las Vegas at the time) my mom and dad had told/showed me a news article about people seeing UFOs in the area, a white UFO that was seen by (if memory serves correctly) truck drivers. In addition, I think it was George Knapp who did the UFO news broadcast. I think. 

I was watching a UFO show today and saw him in it, it triggered this memory (I’ve never really forgot it) but at the end it talked about MUFON UFO reporting link, I thought I had never reported this experience I had. I figured I would report it.
