{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-29 20:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547700","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"14932","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2617,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/700/mufon-5547700.json","updb_database_id":5547700}
A bright red light sat in the sky then suddenly moved rapidly to the east until it disappeared.

On Oct. 29, '08 I was camped in Site 5 Loop A of Squaw Flats campground, Needles District, Canyonlands Nat'l Park in Utah. I sat at my campfire facing to the south. The night was cloudless and the sky was were extraordinarily clear. Something caused me to look up and I saw a brilliant red light (with pinkish/purplish overtones) sitting motionless in the southwest sky. The object was 20-25 degrees above the horizon and from my viewpoint appeared to be about the size of a pea. Were I pressed I would say it was a mile away but I can offer no logical explanation for that impression. My first quick thought was that it was an aircraft warning light atop a communications tower of some kind but then I remembered where I was and knew it could be no such thing and besides it was too big and bright for that. I had been looking at the stars through my binoculars ever since nightfall so I then used them to look at the object. It looked bigger and brighter but I still could not tell whether the object was only the light itself, or whether the light was attached to something larger. After viewing it for 12-13 seconds (maybe 4 of those seconds through the binoculars) it suddenly accelerated and moved at a teriffic rate of speed to the east. Once it began to move I took the binoculars from my eyes and watched for 5-6 more seconds until it disappeared behind some juniper trees on the eastern edge of my campsite. The object was silent and flew in a straight line. It gave an impression of fantastic power and grace and just as it disappeared I said to myself, "Oh, please come back.....I want to have a better look at you." A minute or two later I went to my camper and found it was exactly 8:30 meaning I must have seen the object at about 8:28. There were three men camped in the next site over (to the west) and they too were around their fire but I didn't hear any excitement or commotion over there so presume they didn't see it.
