{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-10-20 05:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528700","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26862","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2182,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/700/mufon-5528700.json","updb_database_id":5528700}
I saw a black triangle shape, about 15 feet above the street, not lights, no sounds.

I was taking my daughter to my brothers house (she walks to school from there) and then on to work at about 5:30 in the morning. I was driving east on 13th avenue, when I noticed a dark shape that was very low and just ahead of me at the corner. At first, I thought it was a small plane and was it was going to crash into the school(Elkhard Elementary). As I pulled over to the curb, I realized it was hovering, so it could not be a plane. So then I thought, oh its a helicopter. I was curious as to why (what I thought was a helicopter) was so low. So I rolled down my window to get a better look and realized there were no lights on the object. I got scared when I also realized that it was totally silent. Helicopters are noisy.

The object was black in color and triagular shaped. There were no lights and it didn't make a sound. It was about 15 feet above the street.

As, I was leaving, the object started to drift upward and head northwest very slowly. I saw it at the corner of Thirteen avenue and Dearborn street in Aurora, Colorado.

I have told a very few people what I saw, and I have never talked about it again.

When I first saw it I thought it was a small plane. I really thought it was going to crash into the school so I stopped and pulled over to the curb. When I noticed it was not moving, just hovering, that is when I thought it was a helicopter. As I rolled down my window to get a better look is when I realized it did not make a sound and no lights. I got very nervous and left.
