{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-03 15:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291700","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111630","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2746,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/700/mufon-5291700.json","updb_database_id":5291700}
I was at the kitchen when I saw what started as a cigar shape morphing into a disc over Cook Inlet from our home.

In Alaska, on Sept. 3rd at 3:40ish I saw a silvery cigar shaped object over Cook Inlet. From our kitchen I can see Mountains, and Inlet Views. Our Architect designed the house to be kitchen forward and I was working from my laptop and happend to catch the object a few miles in the distance. In Alaska small planes fly at, below and above our eye level of our home as we are at a elevation of ~1,020 FT. based oin what my Apple Phone says. Commercial planes land 20 miles away in Anchorage and many times we see them but they are usually much higher 3,000 feet above us. This was odd. Where it was I never see planes. At first I said it's a plane but most planes are painted and non reflective. It was so chome-ish. And didn't look like a plane at all. It was like a floating cigarette, arrow without a tail wing. I called up my wife and daugher from downstairs. I took a couple of shots with my iPhone, then after my daughter and wife both saw it they said that's so wierd. It was heading away from us. I grabbed my Nikon, to bad I didn't have the longer zoom lens on but took a few photos of it with that as well, i went to grab the long lens and by the time I got back had gone behind the cloud cover. The Nikon caught it as a disc reflective under, over, basically the entire object was white, what my eyes saw it as chrome like.

With corrective lenses, (I wear glasses) I have 15/15 vision, my daugher is like me she has contacts, but she is 15/15 too and my wife wears contacts and is 20/20 with corrective lenses. We all saw it. Like I said there is a airport 20 miles away, Ted Stevens Airport, but we being very familiar with our views, planes aren't put into a holding pattern out in that area. It didn't make sense.  

The object stayed level and steady didn't stray from it's course, it just morphed from iPhone to Nikon. 

5 minutes - 10 minutes until it went into the dark what looked like storm clouds behind it.
