{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-07 20:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288700","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114662","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2919,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/700/mufon-5288700.json","updb_database_id":5288700}
Two lights high in the sky traveling together at high rate of speed suddenly stopping then moving independently around randomly in geometric patterns

At 8:43 pm, on Wednesday, 7 April 2021, while working in [exact location details have been moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc] in Palm Springs, I was laying on my back on a piece of cardboard that I scavenged from the wash (probably some homeless person’s former bed) stargazing and counting satellites. I had counted 6 satellites that had crisscrossed the sky when I saw what I initially thought was another one. I noticed that it was twinkling, kind of flickering a bit more than the other satellites that I had seen this night. Then I noticed that there was a second one, going the same speed, trailing slightly behind it. The second one wasn’t quite as bright, or as obvious as the first one but it was definitely there. I watched both travelling from south to north, from above the Santa Rosa Mountains to the south toward the Little San Bernardino Mountains to the north. Then, while directly overhead, slightly to the northeast of my position (i.e., about the 10 o’clock position from where I laid), they both came to a sudden and complete stop. That’s when I knew that these weren’t typical satellites. Then they started moving independently in different directions, no longer in tandem. One moved a short distance to the west then stopped. The other moved a short distance to the east and stopped. Then the first one moved a short distance to the south and stopped again while the other moved a short distance to the north and stopped again. They continued doing this kind of geometric “dance”, starting, stopping, starting, stopping, kind of zig zagging randomly around each other. I can’t really think of another way to described it. I watched them doing this for about 10 minutes or so until my alarm clock went off indicating that it was time to go back to work. After I took my eyes off of them for a second to turn off my alarm, I could not find them again. I texted my co-workers, who were also out there with me but at a different location about 0.25 mile way but they never received my text and didn’t know anything about it until after we finished doing our jobs and joined back up at the end of our survey at about 9:30 pm.
