{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503650","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55278","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2986,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/650/mufon-5503650.json","updb_database_id":5503650}
{nd} Three lights moving in an unbelievable manner

Exact day and can be pin-pointed, but I thought I would go ahead and share what my wife and I experienced on a Carnival cruise back in July of 2007. We were on the Carnival Glory and had left Grand Cayman Island headed for Jamaica. Our room was on the starboard side of the ship, near the top by the Spa. It has no balcony, but instead was a floor to ceiling window. Really nice. We have two young children and my wife didn't want them crawling over the balcony railing, that and we operate on a shoe-string budget. Anyway, about 3 or 4 in the morning I woke up and was looking out the window at a beautiful lightning storm we were sailing through. I noticed my wife was also awake. So we laid there just watching the storm, when out of the semi-darkness, three equally spaced teal green lights emerged headed straight for the ship. They were pretty low on the horizon, and moving at a normal speed for plane or perhaps a jet. All of a sudden the lights started zipping around each other like an aerobatic show unlike any I have ever seen. Twisting around each other. Headeded vertically and horizontally, like some kind of roller coaster. They all operated independent of each other. I got up out of bed and went to the window/wall. I asked my wife if she was seeing this too, which she said she did. After they disappeared, I went outside in the rain and lightning to see if I could see them, which I couldn't. So I went back inside and got my video camera out and messed with the focus and night vision. I stayed up the rest of the early morning hours laying in wait for them to return. They never returned. And I remember thinking that my life would never be the same. These lights were not like anything I have ever seen. There is no way for manned aircraft to perform the way they did. The thing that got me really excited, was the famous video from Haiti. At the end of the clip, there are bluish green lights zipping upward. They resemble what we saw almost exactly. When I saw the video I was very excited. The video shows the craft in great detail. I didn't see the craft. Just the lights. However, that video was proven to be fake, but it came from the same area. I wonder if it is possible that it was made fake to cover up something. Anyway, that is what we witnessed. Also, we don't use drugs and haven't ever experimented with drugs.
