{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-10-10 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459650","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101847","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2736,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/650/mufon-5459650.json","updb_database_id":5459650}
{jpg} Large disc with yellow and green lights around the outside center and a red light on the top and bottom of the craft with intermitent white lights

While driving west, on Lexington road, home from my mother n laws house one night I saw what looked like two headlights in the sky heading east in the sky. I told my husband to look at it and he said it was probably an airplane. I said it couldn't be because it didn't make any noise. So as we turned north on Ware road my husband joked and said lets try to contact it and started flashing the headlights on and off while driving and making fun of me. When we got to the end of Ware road and turned west on Rt. 35 he continued to flash the headlights. By the time we were at the bottom of the hill on Rt. 35 the craft was hovering just above the tree tops to the right of the road, over the corn field. The saucer was the size of the corn field and made no noise while hovering there. It descended so quickly that we did not see it descend. My husband stopped the car in the road and we stared at the craft in shock. He wanted to get out of the car but I was so terrified I begged him to turn the headlights off and drive home, which he did. We believed that maybe the craft thought we were trying to contact them using morse code We told family and friends about the sighting but we never reported it to anyone else. We just thought since we are so close to Wright Patterson Air force Base that they would have known about anything using our airspace.
 As the years have gone by and more sightings have been reported I felt more comfortable coming forward. At the time we had no camera with us,to my great regret.
Also, my son, when he was ten, (2014) he had a sighting during the day, while playing basketball in the drive. He said that two lights in the sky came parallel at each other, joined and then shot apart and flew off. He ran in scared and would not go outside the rest of that day. When I ran outside to look I could see nothing unusual n the sky. 
I know these sightings happened many years ago, so they may hold no significance now, but I thought I should still report it.
