{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-09-15 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473071","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87329","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/071/mufon-5473071.json","updb_database_id":5473071}
{cak} I saw 3 objects I could not identify fly over me in my backyard in triangular formation at night

I was watching TV with my wife and stepson at night. I decided to take a walk into my backyard as I often do. I have a swing set in the SW corner
of my yard and I walked toward it when a movement caught my eye and I looked up toward the SW and saw something coming toward me in the sky. I had no idea what it was. At first I thought it was only one object but as it got a little closer I saw 3 objects. One was in the front and the other 2 were in the back forming a triangle formation. They were all the same 
distance apart from each other, say 20-30 feet and did not seem to be connected. They were about 100 to 150 feet off the ground moving at about 25mph toward the NE. I remember thinking that I possibly could have hit them with a 12 gauge shotgun since I use to hunt when younger. I also thought that their shape, as well as I could make out, was like a wooden whiskey barrel or wine barrel about the size of a 55 gallon drum in a horizontal (not vertical) position. They came from the SW which is the direction of New Orleans International airport only about 1 1/2 miles away
which I thought was very odd. Afterwards I thought did they "launch" it or see it? They had no wings, blades, balloons, lights, or sound. They passed directly over me. Then I yelled to my stepson to come quick to see 
it and he came out of the house quickly and I pointed toward the northeast
since they had just passed over me and he said "I see it." Seconds later it was out of sight. They did not appear metallic and I did not or could 
not see any markings. I have never seen anything like this before and could not understand what was powering it. At that time I did not have a computer and I just let it go. Having a computer now I found this reporting site and decided to submit this information to you because my 
curiosity would like to know what I saw if possible. It may have a simple explanation that I am just not aware of.
