{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-02-26 17:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462071","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98985","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2503,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/071/mufon-5462071.json","updb_database_id":5462071}
Two Glowing Spheres with Intelligent Movement in Sky

I was looking out the window at the sun lowering in the sky and taking photographs. The sky was clear of any visible craft. Then very soon I noticed a bright dash in the sky, similar to a trail, but it didn't continue. Around that time I saw other trails in the sky, but they were travelling further. I do not know if they were planes or UAP. However, the static one began to catch my interest and so I started filming. 

Another one appeared to its right, as a sphere. And this one also revealed itself to be a sphere. With my naked 20/20+ vision eyes, they appeared to have dimples in the middle. They both were changing position, enough for me to notice and alert my husband, to come take a look. He wondered if it were a couple of planets, but I decided to continue to film and assess the footage later. I have been seeing paranormal phenomena and UAP all my life and I felt these were not the usual craft we know as human beings. 

Anyway, we were away and I left the photos and footage, then left it for a week, as I thought maybe my husband was right. But, then I did some research at home and realised they weren't seen at the time you would see the 2 planets, but also, after examining my photos and footage, that I was right in saying they were moving. 

I have been trying to upload to Mufon and keep getting the message there is a problem with the server. So will just send the longest video footage and hope that can be uploaded. 

Once I examined the footage, it shook me slightly, as they appeared after I had gone to the window, were there for 35 minutes or so and then disappeared. That was after checking the times on my video - I actually only felt maybe 10 minutes had passed at the time.

I want to know who and what they are.
