{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497071","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62302","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3534,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/071/mufon-5497071.json","updb_database_id":5497071}
{dr}flame-like color & appearance; 5 objects on same trajectory equally spaced from each other; disappeared near the same spot

My son was outside for a smoke about 12:30 AM on 1/1/15 and saw two or three orange lights in the sky, flickering like fire in the area of an array of radio towers (which had red lights on them). At first glance, it appeared the radio towers were taller than he remembered. On second and third glance, he realized they were not in line with the vertical lights on the towers and realized they were moving.

His observation was that they were moving (at this point, there were definitely three) at what appeared to be a slow speed. Apparently, perspective impacted the first perceived speed because as they got closer, they seemed to be moving faster.

He came in and asked if I wanted to see the weird lights in the sky. I expected it might be fireworks or that he was joking with me. By the time I was out on the porch, there were definitely four of them. What we both at first thought was the top light on the radio towers turned out to be a fifth object of the same description.

The total number of objects seen was five and they passed almost directly overhead. The flicker was more pronounced when they were overhead than it was as they were approaching.

They held their course and did not turn, bob around, or stop. There was no sound associated with their presence.

The trajectory was more WSW to ENE. They appeared fairly equally spaced from each other, with the last one seeming to lag a bit further behind.

Shortly after they passed over us, each one individually disappeared at nearly the same point in the sky. Some just blinked out while at least one appeared to fade out as it moved along.

The sky was completely clear of any clouds and the Orion constellation was very clear. A meteor was observed after the objects disappeared. There was no discernible wind at the time.

There were no green, white or red lights on these objects as one would expect with a commercial aircraft.

My son's feelings were wonder ~ what were these things? I walked up to the street to look over the house in the direction where they disappeared and they were nowhere to be seen.

I went back inside to watch TV and couldn't shake the feeling that they were still out there somehow. This could possibly be related to the fact that they just disappeared and I couldn't know they continued on their path.

I am fascinated at the Broomall, PA sighting (on your website) of the same day and approximate time since Broomall is a good sixty miles southeast of our location and that report seems to be of the same or similar objects.

I've checked a few local news outlets online and have found nothing similar. I feel others are most likely to have observed this also because people are often outside after midnight on December 31/January 1, so I won't be surprised to learn of other reports.
