{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-08-15 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499071","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60081","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3000,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/071/mufon-5499071.json","updb_database_id":5499071}
{rjl} object headed E approximately 1-2 mile sudden stop and course change S without slowing. minutes later observed same object directly over our car, E ward

When I was a child I spent the summers with my father on his small farm in Warroad Minnesota, This summer night in particular I and some relatives were laying in the field talking and looking up at the stars. I noticed that one "star" in particular seemed to be moving and as I watched I got my cousins attention to show him but he wasn't interested, he said "it's just a satellite". His assessment was perfectly acceptable and I had never seen a satellite before so I continued to watch as it slowly made its way across the sky. Suddenly the object accelerated to what seemed like an unbelievable speed, it covered a distance of approximately one or two miles in a flash then stopped and changed course from an easterly direction to the south in an instant until it was out of sight. I was so excited, I jumped up and asked "did you see that?" To my utter disappointment no-one had. When I tried to describe what I saw no-one would believe me. Moments later my father came outside to ask if any of us wanted to drive to town with him to get ice cream and I volunteered. When we got in the car I began telling him about what I saw, right from the start he wouldn't listen, he thought I was trying to play some kind of joke. This is where it gets strange for me, I've had some confusion over this as to why and how for many years. As my Dad and I were arguing over this I happened to look up through the moonroof and I was astonished to see this thing rite in the middle of the glass and keeping what seemed to be perfect pace with the vehicle. I started screaming at me DAD "LOOK UP, LOOK,IT'S THERE". He refused, absolutely would not believe me even in the moment as it was happening. I kept an eye on it as it followed along with us toward town for maybe half mile then just like earlier it suddenly accelerate like a shot then stopped on a dime and changed course. I was so excited,bewildered,and amazed and yet I was angry and disappointed. Why? What would it have took for him to just look up? Only for a moment, it would have taken away the confusion and my own creeping doubt. I never saw it again after that and I've only told this to my stepbrother(who ridiculed me) and to my son who I felt it would be safe to tell, he's 12years old.
