{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501071","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58003","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3314,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/071/mufon-5501071.json","updb_database_id":5501071}
{cak} Chalky white, rectangular object, full daylight, clear sky, observed in SW sky, traveling SW

I was hitting balls on our practice range at San Joaquin Country Club. When following the flight of one of my balls, I noticed a white object in the sky...The range, of course, faces the same direction at which I saw the object. It stood out because of its dull, chalky white color in a clear, unobstructed sky. Initially I thought it was one of our resident egrets. That initial interpretation lasted only a second or two, as the object was moving as though gliding, but on a level course and no other movement. Since no bird wings flapped, my second thought was it might be a single engine plane. There is a small airfield in the approximate direction in which I was looking. As I continued to observe, I noticed that it was NOT in the traffic pattern for that field, and this object was closer to me than the airfield. I am a General Aviation pilot so I am used to estimating altitudes. My estimate was that it was at 1000 to 1200ft. My perspective was, if 90 degrees is head on, I was at a point around 70 degrees moving right to left. 

It became clear to me that the object was rectangular. There were no rounded edges front or back. No wings. No propeller, NO NOISE, which I would have been able to discern at the distance this object was from me. It was about 30-40ft long and its depth/height was, at my distance, a little less than a pencil held at arm's length. 

In the process of hitting balls, one looks down to position the next shot, which I did, as well as wipe the club face clean of dirt. This takes maybe 5 seconds. I performed this small procedure with the expectation that when I looked up again I would be able to follow the object some more. However, as I looked up, it had disappeared completely. I searched the sky thinking that the object may have turned its "tail" toward me. After many seconds doing this, I became disappointed that I had looked away, even for a few seconds. 

I was fascinated by the object because I couldn't come up with an explanation of what it might have been. When I left after my practice, I called my brother and two other friends and described the incident. 

I went to the course today for more practice and I asked one of our range managers, a retired teacher who happens also to be fairly well traveled, if he had seen anything. I let him tell me what he saw before I mentioned any particulars. He described almost exactly as I have here the very same features and actions of the object I witnessed. This is why I have stated there were two witnesses. I did not ask on the day of the event any of the others, maybe two or three persons, if they had seen anything.
