{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470071","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90432","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2509,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/071/mufon-5470071.json","updb_database_id":5470071}
me, my father and my stepmother were dining on our terrace and we saw that light descending towards our house. It became very close to us and after some minutes it went away very fast towards other house.Then it became so far that we stopped seeing it.

I was dining with my father and my stepmother on our terrace at +- 9PM.
It was already dark, but the sky was clear. 
I don't actually know which one of us saw it first but we were just eating and talking and we saw a light very high in the sky but very fast and it came near our terrace and it stopped in the air very near our house but still we couldn't identify it as anything more than a light despite of being so near.
After some minutes of being in front of us, it went very fast in the direction of another house close to ours. Then it stopped by that houses's balcony for some seconds and then, as fast as it went before we saw it go away until we couldn't see it anymore.
The object was like a brilliant small "ball". I didn't think it was anything I know actually, because I never saw something like that before. And neither did my family.
We spoke about it to some friends and they keep telling us it might me a drone but we don't think so. Anyways, if it were a drone, it was a really really hi-tech drone because I obviously couldn't measure its velocity but it was the fastest thing I've ever seen. And also, I have never seen a drone flying from so high in the sky. Plus, it didn't make absolutely no noise.
In what concerns to the feelings and/or our reactions during and after sighting this, during we became so surprised that we didn't even speak to each other while it was coming towards our house and stopped near the terrace. When it went away we rose quickly from our chairs and that's when we saw it going towards the balcony of the other house and after that, as I explained before, we stopped seeing it, because of the distance.
