{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-10-01 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549071","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6370","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3701,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/071/mufon-5549071.json","updb_database_id":5549071}
As I was driving east on 1-70, saw "shooting stars" from southern horizon; they hovered to south of highway in circle formation (5-6), shimmering; disappeared and reappears seconds later to north of highway, then shot back up to northern horizon

I am writing this after reading of MUFON in today's Denver Post (2/12/07) I reported this incident on a website (maybe this one) the next day after it happened, said I'd be happy (anxious, in fact) to talk to an investigator and got no response. NOW I'm REALLY anxious that someone notices this report, because today I read on this site of a sighting this same night (Oct. 1, 2006)at approximately 15 min. earlier, in Huerfano County (which is SE of where I saw the UFO; it would have been traveling NW when I saw it!) So...I was commuting to Denver from Montrose as I do almost every weekend, between my home there and my work in Denver. I was very late this time,but I had napped first, so I didn't feel drowsy. I was about 10 mi. west of Vail, closer to Edwards (where there is a small airfield). I was fairly close to the Eagle River. It was in a valley where lifestock grazes; otherwise, no light pollution, no buildings, little traffic on the road at this time. I happened to look up at the southern horizon and noticed several streaks of light which looked like shooting stars. I expected them to fizzle out, but, instead, they stopped abruptly above the highway and I was looking at a globular formation of glowing (shimmering) lights, perfectly spaced--I would say five or six of them in a cluster. Each light was large and round (I can't really say how high up they might have been, but I judged them at height a helicoptor might fly). They hovered to south of the road, then disappeared for a second or two and reappeared to north of the road. It seemed they had shifted their position at the same altitude and held the same formation. They hovered there for a few seconds, then ascended at about a 45 degree angle and disappeared on the northern horizon (just the reverse of the way they had entered my field of vision). I would say that the whole episode must have lasted from five to 10 minutes. I was able to pull my car to the shoulder and watch with the motor running while this was going on. It was dark and cold out, so I didn't get out of the care, but watched through the windshield. I heard nothing (radio off--though I hadn't been getting any reception--strange near Vail). I thought it was odd that a few big trucks passed me on the highway, apparently not taking notice of this!! When it was all over, I was in wonder. This was absolutely NOT like anything I'd ever seen in the sky! It moved much too fast to be any type of aircraft I've ever even heard of, and it disappeared and reappeared!! I'm still amazed that I saw this at all. But the other report from further south in the state (maybe 150-200 mi. S) confirms in my mind that I must have seen the same thing--just that the other sighting was of balls flying in a line-up type of formation, instead. I am very excited to think that that sighting might well confirm what I saw!!
