{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-01 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478612","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81516","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2855,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/612/mufon-5478612.json","updb_database_id":5478612}
{cak} Bright orange glowing long oval object traveling north steady speed then blinked out

I was with my husband and four house guests, standing on the west facing lanai which is at a second story level. I live on a bridge less barrier island on the bay with the beach about a quarter mile to the west. My property runs from bay to beach with no buildings between my home and the beach. It was very dark out and around 1am. Suddenly we all see a bright, glowing oval object cruising in a straight line from left to right, going north at a moderate speed. It was level with our elevation, directly out from us, and seemed to be around 100 yards or so away. It's very difficult to guess it's size, but I would guess around 20 feet long and 10 feet high. It could have been larger or smaller than that. It could have been 10 feet long and five feet high. I'm not sure. It could also have been nearer or farther than 100 yards, but it was definitely over my property and fairly close. We had time to discuss it, saying "Do you see that? What the heck is THAT?" All six of us saw it. Three men and three women, all of us in our fifties. Then as it was nearing the northern side it suddenly disappeared. Blinked out. I thought I saw a couple of flickers before it blinked out, but none of the others saw any flickering. It was completely silent. It never made a sound. We were all awed by it. I felt a little fear because my husband has always kidded me about being an alien because several years ago he woke up and said I sat up in bed and said "Oh no, not again" and then proceeded to make bizarre sounds that reminded him of a computer transmission. Blips and beeps. Weird stuff. I have no memory of it, but a couple days later I woke up with long bruises on my right cheek. I took a picture of it at the time, but would have to look hard to find it. I'm not saying I have ever had encounters and I sure hope I never have. No memories whatsoever of anything like that. Just one very weird and vivid dream where a huge UFO was disguised as a cloud when it suddenly whooshed down to me. It was just a dream, but I do remember it very vividly. I'm hoping to get the other five who saw this object to also report it, or at least write down their recollection on the event.
