{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-08 02:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488612","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71028","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4403,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/612/mufon-5488612.json","updb_database_id":5488612}
My girlfriend and I observed 6 very bright orbs darting around the sky erratically for approximately 30 minutes.

In the early morning hours of March 8 2012, I was periodically going outside to view the Aurora Borealis effects that were produced by a massive solar flare from the sun. The first few times I went outside, the effects of the Aurora Borealis were very weak. Around 2am I and my girlfriend were outside viewing a much better sight of the Aurora Borealis. At this time it was about -20 degrees celcius, so quite chilly but we were enjoying the amazing effects of the northern lights. Then at 2:15am as I was looking NE, I observed a very fast moving bright light descending from East to West. AT first I believed it to be a meteor and as I was just about to say to my girlfriend "look at this shooting star" the object suddenly reduced speed extremly fast until it was stationary to the NE of us. I immediately got an extremly wierd feeling, almost like a terrifing feeling where the hairs on your arms and neck stand up. So I then get my girlfriends attention by saying "Look at this light". It was a very bright orange\red orb and it was just sitting there not moving as we were both observing it. After roughly 1 minute the object then all of a sudden went vertical at an extreme rate of speed then immediately descended very quickly then began darting back and forth extremely fast. We both couldnt believe what we were witnessing, this object was manouvering around extremely fast and performing manouvers that I believe no known aircraft can do. After a few minutes the object which was in clear sight, just vanished. We were kinda shooken up but kept looking in that direction to see if the object would return. After approximately 2 minutes the object just appeared but this time it was accompanied by another similar object. So now we were observing 2 of them performing the same outstanding manouvers. Although this time it was like they were somewhat chasing eachother around. At times one object would stay still while the other darted back and forth and up and down. They would also blink on and off randomly. Then after observing them for roughly 3 minutes they both at the exact same time, just vanished. Now at this time I was getting fairly cold from the cold temperatures but me or my girlfriend would not go inside because we were now hoping the objects would return. So again after a few minutes the objects appeared but now there were 4 of them. I couldnt belive what i was seeing but I was now very excited to watch these objects fly around the sky. All of them moving extremely fast all over the sky. I was seriously shocked to see them move extremely fast then all of a sudden completely stop without slowing down, hovering or changing directions just suddenly. Again they would blink on and off sometimes only one and other times it would be 2-3 of them blinking but while moving very fast. After a few minutes, all of them at the exact same time just vanished. So again we waited hoping for them to return. And agian after a few minutes, they all at the same time appeared altough this time there was 6 of them. Now my girlfriend and I really couldnt believe it. I said to her " Those are definitely not airplanes or even military aircraft. Those must be UFO'S". So we watched them again for several minutes untill they all vanished. They returned and vanished a few more times until around 2:45am when they all dissapeared and didnt return. Before this sighting I was a bit of a sceptic. I've heard stories of people seeing strange lights and even objects but I never really believed them, that's until I had my own encounter. Now I am a 100% believer in other life in the universe. To this day there is no reasonable explanation to what those fascinating lights were.
