{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-14 11:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500612","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58486","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2700,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/612/mufon-5500612.json","updb_database_id":5500612}
{cak} fireball blew out of a portal and

The day before I was unusually overwhelmingly exhausted. The next morning when I woke up it was almost robotic. I rose up, took the dog out, got on my bike to prepare for my usual morning ride, and for the oddest unknown reason I just stopped riding and looked up to the left, and blam! A little ball of what looked to be a baby sun ball or a mass energy ball time traveling. I was jaw dropped! It hid behind a few trees and was playing what I considered peek a boo! I said "this is happening, this is amazing! Please take me with you! And it came out from behind the trees and just hovered like "let us talk about it...!" I felt an urge to get to my friends my energies were going wild I could see peoples auras through houses! It began to follow me I was again jaw dropped! This is happening! So to test my theory I rode back to the starting area, it followed me back! So I continued up the road in the other direction again to my friends house, blew through the door like someone was dying and said everyone get outside u have to see this! My aliens are here they are playing with me as I flew to the back door and out into the back yard where the house of people also followed me and we watched it do circles and hover! It stayed long enough for me to explain what happened ! The kids were mind blown just as well as the adults! My energies and powers were so intense and overwhelming! At one point colors almost overtook everything around me! I could see areas through houses of the people and houses themselves emitted energy as a whole! As we stood there appreciating this exceptionally rare moment it took off in a straight line faster than light I assume. It looked as if it shot itself out of the county and just as big as it was just poof! Like into the next portal of travel! It was so so very amazing, intriguing, enlightening! This little ball of fire was very curios and playful, or well experienced and knowledgeable in so many planes of the universe!....just such an amazing experience for its interest in me.....gah! Simply appreciated in so many ways!
