{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-01 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474612","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85709","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3488,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/612/mufon-5474612.json","updb_database_id":5474612}
Light with a fuzzy halo

I was on vacation at my cottage on the shore of Lake Huron just south of Port Elgin, Ontario. The sky viewing is often very good there, and a favorite past time for me is to watch the sky for Iridium satellites or the ISS using an app called ISS Detector. The sky was quite clear overhead, though there was some high thin cloud to the north. I had just observed several satellites, as well as the ISS, which was still in view when the unknown object appeared. The Moon was also up and about half full in the southern sky. The ISS was not particularly bright that night, so I was just about to go inside when my peripheral vision caught something moving. It came from the south and moved almost directly overhead. It had a bluish white halo around a bright centre. The trailing edge of it seemed brighter, so when I looked directly at it, it had a bit of a horseshoe look to it. But when I looked slightly away from it, I could tell the halo seemed to surround the inner light. At this point I was very excited, and wished someone was viewing it with me, as I knew this was unlike anything I'd seen before. I tried taking some pictures since I had my phone with me running the ISS detector app, but not much showed up. I watched it proceed northward, and the inner light varied in intensity. I thought at first it might be splitting up but it seemed to stay as a single light with the fuzzy halo. Eventually the light was obscured by high cloud to the north, but the glow produced in the cloud was bright enough to light an area as large as a full moon, (though not as bright of course). The glow lasted perhaps a full minute. I managed to take two more pictures when the light was at it brightest, and the object did show up on the pictures, though unfortunately there is little detail in the pictures. But the pictures at least are indicative of the brightness of the object. There was never any noise from the object.

I have been sky watching for decades, having viewed countless satellites, meteors and planes, but have never seen an object like this. I believe this is the same object that was viewed by several other witnesses who have logged sightings on this site. They were in Manitoba, so we were separated by at least 1000 km, which would rule out a low flying object like a jet. The object must have been at satellite height at least. I hope more people will come forward. I wonder if it might have been a satellite that was starting to fall out of orbit and burn up. I'm not sure how to find that information out. Of course, it would be WAY cooler to find out it was an alien spacecraft, but at this point such a conclusion is pure speculation.
