{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-13 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515612","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42542","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3653,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/612/mufon-5515612.json","updb_database_id":5515612}
(GS) third night of flashing colored orbs and a triangle ufo was observed as well

I am combining the last sighting in the last two days because aside from the the "ship" we saw, it was the same kind of sighting. 

Last night around 8:00 PM me, my brother, and my parents were observing the same pulsating lights that changed colors. I had seen these same lights night before, and made a report which so please refer to that one for more details. There were only 3 orbs when I first started watching the sky, but within 2 hours there were atleast 10 and they were all over the sky, almost looked like they surrounded the town. 

This is the brief but very spectacular triangle ufo sighting, which occurred last night as well. Around 9:30 we were in the drive way looking over our garage towards the west watching the brightest light act erratic, when my brother noticed what he thought was one coming towards us from the south. Soon we realized it was actually three lights that were attached to a triangle shaped aircraft. The object lowered its elevation quite dramatically as it flew past us. It seemed incredibly close once it passed over our garage. We were clearly able to tell that it was not just three lights in formation but three lights attached to something with structure. It was dark, probably black and very slick or aerodynamic looking. After it passed the house and was moving away from us it then looked as though it had another 3 or 4 lights on the back of it. 

Just before the UFO disappeared there was an extremely bright, white light that came from something that was projected below the craft and up towards the sky, very close to the craft. I cant even begin to speculate what it could have been, it was literally a split second from start to end. The craft seemed to just vanish for a couple seconds and then the lights reappeared before just disappearing again for good. 

Nothing we observed that night made any noise at all, not the lights, not the bright light projected, and not even the craft that was so unbelievably close. I cant help but to speculate how having all three of these "phenomena" happen at the same time was not just coincidence. This is a pretty small town and there isnt anything of any real significance for over 20 miles, so I am quite lost as to any kind of rationality to why this very strange thing has happened 3 out of 4 nights.

I was able to take a recording of two of the orbs I saw tonight. Please note that I only saw a few total the entire night and they were not nearly as mobile as the first two days I observed them. They were so far of in the distance that at one point I almost convinced my self they were stars until they were starting to disappear. I am in the street looking to the East. There is about 3 or 5miles max, until you reach the shore of Lake Michigan. Please feel free to email me if you have also witnessed this the last few days my email is [Email removed/cms/tg]
