{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-18 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520612","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35927","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3594,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/612/mufon-5520612.json","updb_database_id":5520612}
girlfriend and i saw bright fiery orange vshaped object hanging in the air. slowly moved and stayed still for appox 1 min and then left

on 2/18/2012 at aproximately 7:15 pm, my girlfriend and i were in the back yard of our lakeland home, and we observed a UFO. I am 58 years old, and by profession i am a child welfare case manager. she is 60 years old and a retired school board employee.

we were on the deck by the (open air)pool, i was watering plants and we had the dog out to take care of her business before we went in to watch a movie. my girl friend saw the object first and said tom look look what is that ????? she was pointing the the north east corner of the back yard sky.

she was pointing to a bright orange fire colored object that initially looked v-shaped or winged. i responded to her saying that looks like a plane on fire, because outside of the orange fire it looked to have some kind of winged shape. the object appeared in the east sky, its difficult to guess the distance but it was in the sky at about 120-140 degrees. she said when she initially saw it and started calling for me to look it was standing still. it is hard to describe the size, other than to say it was easily seen by the naked eye, if you held your arm out and made a fist looking out to the horizon this would represent the size of it. 

as we stood there in amazement, we quickly realized it was not a plane on fire, the object moved west ward in a straight line, at a slow rate of speed, i ran inside and got my binaculors, which took 10 seconds, when i came back the object was moving and then the object appeared to be stationary and hovering. this lasted for at least 30 seconds. it hung there so long, my girl went in to get the camera, when she did this, the object began moving again away from us to the north. when she got back with the camera is was moving away and up into the sky northward. it kept going until it disappeared. we did not get a picture of it. when i observed it thru the binoculors while it was stationary i did not see the winged shape which it first appeared to us it had. it appeared to be round or disk shaped with the burning orange fire colors.

the object had a unique fire ball orange-red-yellow color, like a setting sun, which is why at first it looked like a plane totally engulfed in flames. it made no noise, it left no trail. it is difficult to guess how far away from us it was in the sky. best guess is less than a mile. it was at aproximately 120 to 140 degrees on the horizon as we observed it. when it moved away it went on a gradually rising trajectory until it disappeared. it was not a plane on fire, it was not a rocket launch i checked the nasa site there was no launch. it was a UFO.

The total encounter lasted aproximately 3 minutes. we are just normal people that pbserved something highly unusua. we had just finished dinner and basically were in the back yard like we are on many many nights walking the dog and hanging out for 15 -20 minutes.
