{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-01 23:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498612","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60566","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3133,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/612/mufon-5498612.json","updb_database_id":5498612}
Canada Day UFO Sighting (3 Witnesses) CALGARY, AB

Canada Day, 2012 My cousin, his girlfriend and attended an array of events. Nonetheless, we all came to an agreement mid-day; to end our it with the evening's exciting Firework shows, capping off our nation's 145th Birthday.

After making way to an excellent vantage point, providing the spectator with a perfect 360 panorama of the city and surrounding area (Atop a hill, Due south of calgary near HIGHWAY 22X) Soon after arriving, We were overwhelmed with beautiful explosions of pyro-art, from various communities located within the vicinity! As well as a powerful thunderstorm which engulfed the entire north/east horizon... with loads of lightning, too. 

Now, to the north, Airplanes arrive and depart on a regular basis...given Calgary's airport location, and we did see a few land n' take off. However, the information I will disclose sure does not support the physical behaviour of an aircraft crafted by man.

While gun-powder diminished from the pyro show, the clouds grew sharper as the air drew pure. With a wicked view of the now featured thunderstorm, which was indeed heading west (towards us) we felt no need to leave. The view was spectacular!

Within 15 minutes after all the fireworks had ended, we noticed a rather bright, what a appeared to be an Airplane at the time. Thinking nothing of it, we continued to watch the thunder storm draw near. After 10 minutes of noticing the bright object in the sky, it soon became the centre of attention, though this time, all three of us had a true suspicion. 

The object hadn't moved at all in that 10 minute span. In fact, it made bizarre diagonal, swirling, shaking and pulsating movements as it got brighter and dimmer. Please advise, I cannot provide an approximate duration of the movements for we were all in disbelief at the time. Though, near the end of our experience, the craft did become very, very, very bright, began to vibrate, then, became darker than the sky (yes, it was a black dot in the nights stormy sky), topping everything off, it then made a few more sporadic movements in its shadow phase, and shot off, disappeared, directly vertical into the cosmos. 

To this day, we are convinced that this was indeed an Extraterrestrial craft, piloted by beings wiser than man. 

DISCLAIMER: 
THERE IS NO WAY THE OBJECT WE SAW, WAS A PLANE DUE TO ITS MOVEMENTS. AS WELL AS IT NOT BEING A STAR DUE TO THE SEVERE THUNDERSTORM BLANKETING THE SKY THAT NIGHT

**(MP4 VIDEO WAS LOST DUE TO COMPUTER FAILURE)**
