{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-31 21:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505612","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53232","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2490,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/612/mufon-5505612.json","updb_database_id":5505612}
{rjl} I witnessed an orange ball of light travel very slowly from east to west and then hover.

On Dec. 31, 2013; I had walked out of my apartment to go to work. Upon getting over to where my truck was parked, I noticed a large orange light to the east. At first I thought it was a commercial jet on approach to SeaTac or a C-17 on approach to McChord AFB but then I noticed a severe lack of movement for it to be a jet. After putting my lunch in my truck I just stood and watched the object move from the east to the west in a slow, lazy and jagged course. I describe the course as "jagged" because it definitely was heading from east to west, but just like with flying an airplane, or driving a ship, there are always minute adjustments going on and I could actually see these little minute changes. As I always do, I tried to disprove what I was seeing but for something to be moving THAT slow it would have to have been a helicopter . . . there was no sound. I looked for the navigational lights, red for left or port side and green for right or starboard side, and there were no flashing white, red, or green lights. I stood there mesmerized for a little bit and just saying to myself, "Wow, I get to see another one!" Besides being a witness to the Phoenix Lights in 1997, there was another sighting I had down in Phoenix that has made me never look at the night skies the same. I am always looking into the skies at night and looking and searching . . . its almost an addiction if Im out at night. I decided my wife had to see the things I had talked about seeing down in Phoenix and ran back to tell her. Before ducking under the carport roof I checked to make sure the object was there and it was. I ran up the stairs to the second floor, unlocked the door, ran and unlocked the patio door (telling my wife the whole way what I wanted her to see), stepped outside and the object was gone.
