{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-06 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509612","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48809","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4151,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/612/mufon-5509612.json","updb_database_id":5509612}
Bright Blue orb larger than a star, hovering and flying (slow and fast)

I was walking my dog in my neighbourhood and talking on my iphone via earbuds to my cousin. At some point I noticed what I, at first, thought to be a very bright star or planet in the sky above me, but then it moved rather quickly like the speed of a satellite, but not in a "satellite path" and plus it was way too big and bright and not high enough in the atmosphere (I star-gaze on occasion and know exactly what a satellite looks like and moves like.) Then it did some "bobbing motions." I was telling my cousin everything that was happening and because of all the trees and houses in the neighbourhood I lost sight of it and thought, "Oh well." (I have never been "into UFOs") Then I turned the corner and saw it again, now appearing stationary and higher in the sky than first observed, so I told my cousin I was hanging up on him to make a video of it. So I did. I was facing south and filming it over a house. I am very bad at estimating distances and speeds so I wont even try. 
2 people taking a walk behind me were also looking up at it and talking amongst themselves and they also saw me start to film and they kept looking back/up at the sky for a bit, but then ultimately just kept on their walk.
To my eye this thing looked bright blue... like LED light type of blue and it had this tiny little spot to it that was pinkish-red, but not blinking and not a light. On the iphone video it showed up bright-white like a star (at the beginning). As I was filming at the beginning it looked stationary for about 20 seconds or so, but when I watched the video back I saw it actually moved subtly at times. A low-flying plane came by going west to east or more NW to SE. Then the orb starting moving slightly west and stopped again. A few seconds later it began descending straight down, going out of my view blocked by the house and then I moved west to see if I could see it still around the house and it went shooting by, very fast (west)and a glimpse of it could be seen through the trees, this time showing up blue on the video.) I raced around the corner to the street behind the house I was filming at was to see if I could get a shot of it going west. There was only a tiny window through the trees, but I saw it moving off into the distance (basically SW)and also descending further. And then I lost sight of it because of the trees and houses and didn't try and search further because it was going too far and too fast, I knew it would be a fruitless effort on foot. On the second video it actually showed up as an ultra-violet purple sometimes and white sometimes, but to my eye it always appeared bright blue. 
I went home and posted the video on twitter/youtube and also did a twitter search to see if anyone else had reported seeing anything that night, but found nothing local... but many from Pennsylvania describing the almost exact same thing, which had me wondering if it had just come from there. It did move very fast after all. 
My reactions/feelings? I just thought it was really amazing during and after. No fear or anything. I was really excited to get it on film and since then its obviously made me start thinking about whats possibly up in the sky, now that I have definitely seen something that is neither plane, satellite, planet or star.
