{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1960-04-15 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485661","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74067","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3300,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/661/mufon-5485661.json","updb_database_id":5485661}
{jpg} They came over the mountain and hovered for a few moments and disappeard, no sound no trails in the sky.

It was a long time ago, when I was about eight to eight and a half years old. My parents and I saw three domed shape flying saucers as we called them. They came over the mountain ridge about a mile and a half from where we lived. We were on our way home from grandma's. They came over on the right side of the car and hovered on the ridge of the mountain. There was no sound, and then after a short while they just disappeared. It was broad daylight. Mom and Dad just kept talking about them and wondered if they were part of the mass hysteria going on about the people in Manchester NH. 

After that I didn't think about it until I was 13 years old, it happened again down town Winchester NH, except there was only one shinny UF0 that descended from the sky at night. Quiet a few people saw that one but everyone was told it was a weather balloon. Most people including myself wanted to believe it was a weather balloon.

In 1975-76 I had to undergo surgery on my neck. When the neurosurgeon and orthopedic surgeon went through my mouth to remove the odontoid tip they retrieved what looked like a BB. We all wondered how that got into the tissue in the back of my throat. I had often wondered about that. I thought about the time my little brother shot my sister in the lip with his BB gun, and could he have hit me with one.

For years, when I took airplane trips they would wand me and it seemed as if I was wearing metal in my lower leg. It wasn't until I needed an MRI a few months ago that a piece of metal in the lower left leg appeared. We were looking for something in the right leg. The MRI machine attendants asked me if I had any mental on because the machine was showing an alarm that I had metal on. We looked and felt through the cloth on pant leg. We couldn't find anything. When the findings came back there was a piece of metal about 8mm long. No one can explain it. My doctor, probably because he is a naturopath thought we should just leave it alone. If it has been there all these years it can stay there is what I was also feeling until I began to feel invaded again. I asked my doctor to set me up with a surgeon to get it out of me. The surgeon didn't want to do the operation because it was imbedded too deep. He suggested an orthopedic surgeon. We set up an appointment for that, then I watched a documentary about Mufon. I stopped everything. Because I wanted someone I felt I could trust to remove it while I am awake and see what it is myself. So now I am waiting to see what will happen next. Will Mufon help me to a doctor they trust to get this out of me.
