{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-25 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501661","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57378","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2612,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/661/mufon-5501661.json","updb_database_id":5501661}
{rjl} Two silent orange lights

My son and I were driving home heading southwest within 0.25 miles of our home when I noticed that an unusual orange light came into view in left upper windshield. Other than orange color, it was size and height consistent with an aircraft. It went out of view of the front windshield and my son could see it out the passenger window. When we arrived home we both could see the orange light silently pass over us heading north-north west. In the brightness of the twilight horizon, the light dimmed until it left our view. My son went into the back deck and called for me saying the object could still be seen from there. We have a sliver of the northwest horizon we could see between the trees and neighbors's house and a dimly orange object could be seem appearing stationary quite far away. I asked that he get the binoculors from upstairs and he could see that the objest in the binoculors. It had been about 2 minutes since we arrived home, and while still looking at the distant object from the back deck, a second identicle light appeared over our house traveling the same northwest direction. As it moved further away, against the twilight backdrop, the light disappeared and we could make out a dark round shape. My son viewed with binoculors and then gave to me. It seemed to stop far away, just a dim speck on the horizon, occasioanlly seeing an orange flicker in the identicle spot the first object appeared to be. At this point we could no longer see two objects. The orange color brightened and appeared to do a U turn coming in the general direction back toward our house. It became quite bright heading staight south until the mature trees along a fence line west of our home blocked our view. We went out into the front yard which has a more open view to the sky and a what sounded like a helicopter could be heard traveling quite low from the southwest. As it passed overhead, the typical stobe lights, sound and physical outline of a helicopter could clearly be made out.
