{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-21 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287661","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115715","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4973,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/661/mufon-5287661.json","updb_database_id":5287661}
I saw three lights in a triangular formation in the clear night sky. My dogs reacted in an uncharacteristic way to their presence.

It was about 11:00 PM when I went to go take my two dogs outside for the last time for that day. My kid and partner were both settled in bed, and I was a little tired but not to the point drowsiness was affecting my mental state. I take my dogs down the stairs of our apartment to the back area where there's a patch of grass for them to do their business. The night was a nice temperature, maybe about 70 degrees. I think there may have been a cloud or two out, but otherwise a clear night. Where I live, it's mainly flat farmland as far as the eye can see. There is a very clear view for miles in the Delta here and little to no trees. When I looked to the southwest horizon, I saw three bright lights in a triangle formation hovering in the sky seemingly close to the land below. It looked not too far away from my apartment complex as well, maybe within a mile of me. They also seemed quite large even at a distance, and somewhat close to the ground. At first I thought it was some airplanes. The Memphis Airport is only about 30 minutes away from here, so I am use to aircraft flying by. But, this was not like any commercial airplanes I've ever seen. In fact, there was an airplane in the air at the same time, further to my left. While my dogs sniffed around, I compared the pulsating triangle lights to the airplane flying to the left. The airplane flew in a straight line, towards the airport, with the noticeable red blinking lights on the wings. These lights were definitely not that. The light at the top of the triangle was very bright white, almost like a spotlight in the sky. It was huge, bigger than the other two. As I stared at it, I couldn't really see any colors in that light. The two lights at the bottom of the triangle were actually pulsating and seeming to drift or float slightly in their places. They didn't seem physically attached to the spotlight light. I looked closely at the light in the bottom left corner. I could see some red lights twinkling inside the overall white light, and in the center it almost looked like bluish-white circles were rotating around each other inside the light. My vision is not the most amazing so this could not be correct, but that's what it looked like to me. At this point, I started to get a feeling of dread sink into my stomach when I realized these were not anything I have seen before. This whole observation probably took less than 10 minutes, but I was very entranced by these lights and time felt like it was a lot longer than it actually was. I was snapped out of my gaze when I felt my dogs pull on the leash to go back to the house. This is what freaked me out a bit. My dogs are very calm, and are use to all the apartment/neighbor noises. They love to be outside as well and usually prolong their time playing outdoors as much as possible. But this time, my tiny toy sized dogs were literally yanking at their harnesses and pulling me up the stairs. They have never acted this way when going out before. I told them, "Okay okay I'm going." And followed them back inside. I felt a lot of anxiety when I turned my back, but I was still very curious about the lights. I decided it was best to listen to my dogs however, and didn't want to put myself in any danger. I told my partner immediately about what happened, as they were still slightly awake, and they didn't really know what to make of it either. I went to bed that night and had a dream for the first time in months, but I can't remember what it was about. 

I've been really fixated on figuring out what exactly I saw, and came across MUFON through Reddit. I decided the least I could do with this experience is share it, and research to see if anyone else has seen the same thing. I did see while reading some UFO sighting cases near me that someone in 2013 had seen the same thing I saw. So that made me feel not so crazy! I also included a sketch of what I saw. I hope it helps bring some illustration to what I witnessed, as I did not have my phone on me at the time to record it.
