{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-01-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502661","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56336","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":52145,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/661/mufon-5502661.json","updb_database_id":5502661}
The MIB's begin benevolent then turn evil most people report. Men in Black cute guys in black suits with fancy cars that fly.

The aliens moved us out of the country in Texas where the Bandito's outlaw motorcycle gang were. Also, a drug lord in front of the neighborhood- both down the street from our house out there. Drug lord to north on Potranco and the OMG to the West down Grapevine. It was so bad there apparently they scared their new neighbors away. They sold the house real cheap - they actually may have been aliens all along. They were rich, but not living in a rich rich house or didn't care about money too much. Most people go in for the biggest house they can afford or something. They told a story of how they put the rosebush at the back of the house because the wall was blank and it needed something. And how they have a vegetable garden in the back where they get fresh vegetables for dinner. They said they're moving coz of the neighbors and wanted to sell it as fast as possible. They had money and didn't care if they lost money on the house. Now, some people are like that- they're not being stingy or cheap or greedy. They just get a house and they had money. A couple of very rich men moved in across the street once from us and it wasn't a ritzy area. Two bachelors don't need a mansion - although they probably could've afforded it. So it was cheap and we moved there. People love gossip more than anything and it is always real bad when they do that. It was so bad we had to move but gossip follows us all over and from the school file it followed us from the country even. Every year teachers read it and add a lot of real bad things to it. That's how gossip works all the time apparently everywhere. We've seen it everywhere we go -rumors and gossip, tall tales- they make up things all out of their own imaginations and project it onto someone and talk like it's real. The tall tales get taller and taller - it's realy something but common apparently. We just doubt they'd ever notice they're making it all up in their own imaginations. We wonder if it will ever come back on them- all that gossip and rumors. Surely it must have some effect. Those types of people are always the pot calling the kettle black anyways and everyone knows it. They just love gossip apparently. 
So we moved and then they tried to lock us in the house and did not succeed there, but later did. That house we moved to had many people who had moved in and out of it. There was another one like that- maybe it was the 1st one we moved to in that town in the 70's. That was across the street from a woman who said she was previously extremely heavily involved in witchcraft before moving there. Extremely extremely heavily involved!!! !!! !!! And down the street is where the others moved in soon after that from around the corner from Spielberg or something out there. Then later more houses went in around there. The one next door is where we moved and apparently even other aliens run away when they meet these aliens. That or who knows what it is- it may not be a fun place to move to. It may be her witchcraft and bad voodoo spells - doing black magic was not that good. Maybe it was happening and maybe she realy was into doing harm with it and they didn't want to be in on that. We moved lots and there were 2 houses like that only. These 2 houses may have something to do with each other. Ishtar's name's supposedly synonymous with witchcraft anyways.
In the country a girl across the street gave me 2 phone numbers and we met 2 boys in town. They were in her class before out there across the highway at another school. One boy was oddly our boyfriend- everyone does some go together thing which we didn't know about but it's apparently common around. So they ask you to go with them and you are now boyfriend and girlfriend. We talked on the telephone is it. We met one day and then he called to break up. Meeting in person is weird because you didn't know what they looked like. The one boy said Paul's fat to me before they came out there. They came over and another girl was there, too and we walked around in the country. Not much to it. And the girl said to call a girl from the 5th grade class and gave me her number. Or did we call there then or was that all later. Well, she must've gave me her number and later we called there or probably were on the phone and just forgot. Kids play on the phone a lot. We realy did. 
So I probably didn't call then, but called after moving from there to town. there weren't friends in the country- we were alone there we had noticed. We tried to make friends and they tried to kill us. We would go in the yard and stare out and just say where is everybody? The boy down the street talked to us, but everyone told us he isn't your friend. He even had a rope to tie us up with and it is similar to the string on the voodoo doll the woman had in her closet. He was going to tie us to a tree with the long thing rope and rape us with a bike fork so it would go in far. He said tie one hand back and tie us to the tree and neck too maybe. That's how the voodoo doll was- a string around one wrist and the neck is how it was wrapped around there. I know that the sex we supposedly had with the man was in 5th grade what they were saying. The man said he was going to rape us because girlfriends are suppose to have sex with their boyfriends. So whatever happened- we did try to escape and he didn't let us. I recall it was on tv locally at least. It was before Diana and Charles's wedding on tv. We were examined, too just like the queen had Diana examined to make sure if she's a virgin or not. We were dressed in playboy clothes then and told we were free now to be in love. That was after a previous doctors visit apparently though because we had the worst case of poison ivy the doctor had ever seen he said. It's poison and most people get out of it before it gets that bad he said. Sure, the man would not let me leave and we told him no. We were just a little kid. Anyways, whatever. Both of those men tried to rape us and we escaped. ? What was we talking on though coz that stuff could go on and on on that. They attack girls and they get bad with it. Everyone joins in and it's even all in our school file and they all join in and attack us and believe it all, too. 
Oh, MIB's- the calls- we called the girl and she came over because we were in a new neighborhood and kids seems like always want to have a friend/s. Some kids in the country seemed fine playing alone in their yards. They were kept away from certain people in that neighborhood. they were okay because they were not with them people probably. We weren't okay and the man told them we wouldn't be if they let us around them people when they moved to the country. He said he saw us out in the yard and to keep us away from some people out there and we'd be okay he said. And if you let us around them then they won't be okay he said. He was right. He also told them about houses noone saw anyone out out there ever like it's a warning about them. Those are aliens houses. They freaked out when we were gonna go knock on the door across the street -which was one of those houses. Also, one down the street- yes she said noone's ever seen anyone out there and we said- it's a man. We saw him. She said noone's ever seen anyone out there, but everytime you go in the front yard he is out mowing his front yard. There was one like that behind us, too. A spook house. The man next door to that trailer house was so mad about his weird neighbors he put up a huge shrub hedge. He ordered them from a catalog and they grow like 50' tall or something. The yards are very large a quarter of an acre... 
Don't know if he mentioned the bandito's- they may keep to themselves mostly. He mentioned a hell's angels woman & her brother who lived behind him. He mentioned some characters and said keep us away from them. Yes, she wore a black leather or leatherlike catsuit and log chain and rode a harley. She brought the child porn magazines to her brother- a pimp/ dealer/ hitman and high school senior. Hell's Angel's put those out from California. Even the guy who said he loved us finally said we weren't his girlfriend and laughed lots saying we were like in the child porn magazines - from that day- when the man saw us out in the front yard - he saw us too apparently. He said you're a little kid. A girl in town had told us he was using us, too- coz she could tell that we did not dress more mature or anything. Yes, we were told to get on a swimsuit and get on the monkey swing and get a photo that day. Surely the disownee man was in there masterbating and looking out the bedroom window at us. There surely was a window there. It seems she threw away a large photo album from the country. It was interesting- there were fossils and dirt from dinosaur times- still undisturbled there. We were digging under the silt and got a tree branch and it was moist and broke apart in our hands. There was a lot of pure snail shell fossils- real small or crystalline or just different maybe. It was covered with them- we didn't dig there much. We found a fossil and took it home and she was mad and threw it away. The teacher said it was from dinosaur times and asked where we found it. We said on the side of the road. We didn't say in the sedimentary layers. It's in the silt. We figured pure because it was pointey shells so it's crystals, but some shells are pointey now days, too. Also, in another location we found diamond rocks. Wow it's where crawdads are at- that's the kind of place you can find diamond rocks. A woman put them along her driveway- it's to the West of North Star Mall- Montgomery Ward to the West there's the apartment bldg and her house is kinda down from there. It's behind it in the ritzy neighborhood and by a drainage ditch and a MIB lives next door to her there, too. He's on the other side of the drainage ditch closer to the mall. The rocks was behind his house out there in a drainage ditch - wet and muddy since dinosaur times - prehistoric and highway was built around it. they told us that when we'd drive by there even and we were back there and found those rocks. That's the kind of place you find those rocks. It may still be there. It's down a drainage ditch though to get to it. They built a wall coz the alien kept walking thru there - aliens. aliens followed me there seems like- yup. We'd turn and they'd hop out and run back there sometimes. Anyways, she sewed clothes for musicians. She made clothes like we had liked when we were little from tv. 
MIB's? she came over and you never know what trouble you're getting into when you do stupid things like that. Her mother probably had a handful with her at home. Somehow she'd come over on weekends or whatever and she got on the phone calling boys to meet. She'd want to go out to find boys, too. She'd flirt with them behind our backs doing that, too. She found one there and of course he almost shot us - him and his friends. They did shoot a girl from the high school eventually. She did sleep with him a lot though and it's doubtful he liked her realy. Seems like he was using her more than anything. The guys always turn to attack me when they were done with her. We called a girl down the street and she gave her the boy's number who she knew in the area. So then she was sleeping with him all the time. We called random phone numbers in the phone book and met a guy from the school that way. She never did anything with him, but he came over. Showed off his dancing and car- he was pretty good and the car was a red convertible. He was all beachboys lifestyle. When she was sleeping with the boy down the street she told us call on the phone and let people listen. She had us lay on the floor by them and hold the phone up to them and dial random numbers. Then after that's probably when the prank calls began. 
We got onto drugs finally and then calling and prank calling on drugs was our idea. So I was making real weird prank calls every day after school. I had a list of phone numbers and would call each day and say 1 word. Finally it would add up to a sentence. One number was a boys friend and he answered one day and heard me on there. A couple of numbers were others from the neighborhood. Those turned out to be MIB's phone numbers. There was a lot of them there, but we just got 2 and were calling. 
Sometime we went to the aliens house and had been there. We did a thing where the psychic trick worked and an alien was there when it happened. The aliens had him follow us. They followed us, too. They said not to tell what we saw in their house. Seems like then later is when she said- let's call random numbers out of the phone book again. And she found one nearby coz you can tell by the first 3 numbers the neighborhood. There's even a website online to look up those prefixes worldwide and it works with cellular phones, too. It was a serial killer who she called. The first number she called. She also met a man on there once - that seems like it was much later. She was so into talking dirty on the phone to guys. Our grandmother told her mother when she picked up the phone and heard the most filthiest talk!!! She said she had a lot of problems with guys calling and had to change their phone number a lot of times over it. She gts the phone bill and was able to give out her number that way to guys after it was changed. She had also run away and was downtown- no idea what they were doing there. She took us doing that, also. When she took us she was trying to get into prostitution apparently with one of the one's the man said to stay away from in the country. On new year's she conned us out of our money and seems she got the guys over and lied to us about that. She got a guy down the street over- or he just came over coz they rob houses like that, but she slept with the man who said he loved us after he attacked us again in his truck and called us a whore. He did it all the time out there and always she was there, too. she had 3 guys over that day and the 2 rob houses like that so they stole tons of cash. they got the rest of my money it was $1000 she took half and they got the rest and he got lots more too out of the house and someone else came in and stole the coin collection which had the million dollar penny in it from tv. An alien apparently gave me that. It seems like someone said noone knew who lived in that house. Or it was another one of those houses around there- by the elementary school. She may have called them over knowing we'd be home alone. They stole the X-mas money and our change which was a lot, too. 
She liked to talk dirty on the phone- phone sex and did that a lot and ignored us. She put us down and made fun of us and finally left to hang out with the other girl. That girls one he said to keep us away from in the country, too. Her brothers and sisters said why do you hang out with that girl- she's a freak. What are they then- but we maybe were different or something. They were weird. All these people are weird Of course she went to be with her big brother -the girl and guy are related- and that is why they were trying to murder us out there even. So they are doing what they accused us of doing realy now. But they were friends and must've had a lot in common to begin with. We had just moved there and were wanting friends. In the mobile home park in town the landlord had put all the kids on one block mainly- or some of them so that they could play together. Also, maybe keep us away from the cliff in the back. It's what like 90 or 100' down from another 100 feet down so it is 200 feet drop? Something like that. Maybe the parents figured the kids was getting grown up then so they should chase boys. We were accused of going over to see the girl to get to the guy and they tried to kill us. We had no friends there seemed like and we just wanted a friend and were shy and it seemed like it was easy to go over there to their house. The one girls parents didn't know us at all but they told them that we were not their friends. We were past playing dress up like them girls there. They said that we slept with the guy- her big brother and went there to get to him. They kept saying that's what they do. They were all eyes on us and saying that repeatedly. They kept saying it's terrible. but obviously they were the only one's thinking of sex and it's obviously all they have in their minds. That's all everyone out there was talking about and it mixed our minds up bad. but we sure did tell him no and try to escape surely whenever near him. It began when we were 10 or 11 and he'd been 16 or something. When we were 12 he was 18. We read little girls with STD's or something should be suspected of being molested. But, they say you're adult instead. Clearly we were not - perhaps most adults are not much smarter than we were when we were 12. but I remember it began in 5th grade and was very bad even then and he tried to rape us. All they were thining of was sex and just playing like playing while thinking we're kids we're playing we're not grown up realy yet. It's obvious and they'd lear at us - maybe it is real that we were very grown up somehow but we didn't sleep with the man like they all claim to know. How could they even know that- they maybe just wanted to put someone down and put us down. Somehow coz of something - the man said he'd tell everyone about us because we were blonde and a trophy to him coz he is black. One girl who was trying to attack us too alot and calling us an idiot a lot she said we were the most inmature of them all. She said they didn't know us and the rumors weren't true. We did not know any of them at all- nothing and even kids we did not know would be mean to us all over. They put you down, but if they were near them kids that he said to stay away from they'd do the same thing as us probably. they didn't even know us at all. But best to stay away from them anyways probably. I know one boy who was 16 there and he had asked me to go with him and all the guys look for someone to be their first- he turned real mean. He was yelling at me to shut up over and over and he said the stars were flickering and talking to him and telling him that I was bad and to stay away from me. It's the wind that makes it do that. He also accused us of being 2 timers and broke up with us again and all. It's always on and off goign together breaking up- he'd attack us, too but not as bad as the others who were a grade or 2 over him. Our grandmother said maybe the stars were talking to him, but it seems that people are crazy. Sex drives them crazy it would appear - look how they go crazy. We were just 12 then - what can a 12 year old do to be so bad. Maybe we were bad, but I bet he is crazy like the rest of them. He said he'd go try to sleep with the girl who lived behind his house instead of us. It appears he's the one acting bad then. The wind makes the stars sway and flicker and always had the rest is clearly in his imagination. It's a star code decipherable to him only. We did think we should go with the man - his sister asked us who we liked and we pointed to him and she told him. So we thought since going together's big there- he'd teach you the sex things you need to know for when you grow up and had to go meet many men at bars. Also, then he was saying he loved us and a 10 or 11 year old may think- it's like a fairy tale. You are falling in love and you will live happily evr after. You fall in love and get married and it's a big thing for a girl. She thinks it's the most important thing in a girls life and is real serious about it. And the 2 girls said that we loved him and that we told him we loved him so it was true. They said she told him she loved him. But many kids would say that if a man tells them they love them because they have to tell them they love them back. You're under a lot of pressure to tell them that. In that neighborhood all the kids would talk about was going with so that's all we heard and it's all about like animal house film. they are all just going wild with happy days stuff and all- one guy was calling us prudes and our grandmother then joined in with him saying are you a prude- that means are you scared to have sex with all the guys in the school. why should 12 year olds have to sleep with every guy who tries to rape them though. she apparently wanted us to get out to meet guys. also, she never let us leave the house after moving from the country- we got out there but moving to a new state is when she got her control. and she behaves insane- she said swans are so graceful they mate for life then took us to monkey breeding at the zoo. they like to talk on pubic hair and things when you're 18. we were accused and locked down as usual. swans mate for life- anyways there's some witchraft picture like that from by that womans house and one of the pictures was of her- it's all real weird stuff. aliens made those pictures and they were at the store on sale. swans and dancers all weird looking down like i'm a swan. well, we weren't bad although you may say we are- well, lock girls in and satan will show up and then whatever, but we weren't going out to act bad although you may meet a boy and they apparently want signed on paper to legally have sex. sex is legalized in their minds or soemthing. it has to be on paper apparently or it's illicit and that seems so stupid realy. we were not allowed out. and still yet a guy accused me online saying you must be on paper married. people do that and cheat actually and divorce. it is not forever. a man said sex drives people crazy and it seems he's right he said - he thinks something about sex drives people crazy. sure, here it's like any sign of sex and they joke and laugh and go wild and accusing also. here's the same as that state. it's the same and here they're all realy bad. all the kids at the school at the blood drive had aids here. that's the top sports kids, cheerleaders, top academic kids- the in crowd that's all that goes to that. every single one of them had it and here they are so wild realy and our folks wanted us to be that way, too apparently. they tell dirty jokes on us, but we didn't go out and sleep around with many men like they wanted us to do. it is expected and everyone mostly does that here. here they had rocky horror picture show and ppl'd go wild at that. things like that- it's weird here. an alien told us there's nothign else to do here is why - it's this state. but he was lieing- he was laughing and knew we were gonna ask him about that, too. we were thinking this state- what's going on here! sure the kids going wild- but they accused us a lot. something's in teh school file and they add to it lots- it's all real bad and its' saying we're in bars hanging out and all- but that is what these oklahoma ppl all do and we never heard of that before even. whatever maybe we was bad though - they didn't want us to get any scholarships that's for sure. maybe not probably not coz we dont fit in or soemthing with people maybe. An alien kid - part human part alien said that they shouldn't say girls are bad and lock them in and stuff like that- he said coz there's fallen angels. he heard of our grandmother and her always saying that is why he said that. but they all do it till the cows come home. here a woman got us up and said we're bad and everything even when she heard us say that everyone always sayse that and we said so we'll dress islamic she had bugged our house and heard us and came to yell at us the next day at the door. oh here they do that all the time, too. even they said here- like saudi arabia- you probably do not want to be in an apartment alone wiht a man- we'll stand in. also, the disownee woman said like there also she said- she wasn't letting us out of the house - you can only go out if you are married first and if the man sayse it is okay for you to leave- then it is up to him. they act like saudi arabia. well, i was the least one actin bad- although surely everyone thinks we're bad who would read this maybe, too. we were not going out to act bad- although we're not sure why it's so bad if people meet. if there was a woods and noone around and 2 meet and were together then it's common law marriage also paper is meaningless. also, apparentlys aatan is suave enough to snag us, but he's pretty suave. we just wanted to go to a playground and play on the playground equipment. That's when we were 18 even and all- but girls are locked in houses apparently. 
MIB's though- they are the one's we called- on drugs, then she called the man and he began calling and meeting girls on the phone for sex. News said over and over- a female had met a man named Ted on the phone for sex- do not meet him if he calls. He was a serial killer and he met many victims that way on the phone. Do not meet him- the news kept saying up till we moved out of that town. It seems like they had somethign to do with it. They could have brought him there from California. We lived by one in this state, too. He's in jail now but he killed hundreds of kids looks like. Sure, we did run into him also he lived around the corner. Some bikers down the street apparently did some murders from the tv news. We saw their house there. The boys shot the girl from school and the pimp killed the hooker. He's the one taught the guys to kill that girl, too. Anyways, everyone's always trying to kill everyone else- or at least we saw that in what we thought was a family- ours. We noticed that. We had tried to see if violence was everywhere and could't but apparently it was right in front of us the whole time. That's what it was like before the world ended the first time apparently. Everyone's at everyone elses throats literally. But that goes without saying. 
It seems the MIB's had her call him and he began doing that. She was possessed by them clearly - a lot of them coz all she could always talk about was- she wants to go toa graveyard, strip off her clothes - have sex and carve initials in her arms with a sharp rock. Just like demoniac of Jordan. A legion of demons - many- that's how kids are lots now, but she said it just like that all the time. I was possessed probably - of course coz you get into cults like Noonan and all. I also noticed drugs got me possessed and all of the things like in the book. At first Noonan sounded realy ridiculous and it is. He said if a real aliens' there it's not funny though. The one girl she was into him. She was an agent 666. her mother listened to Noonan to keep up on the aliens. So he don't want his kids hanging out with real aliens. One man said no it isn't great if your little kid was playing with an alien kid. He said because you don't know what them things are. That's common sense- if you don't know what it is stay away from it. He was interested to know why ET was such a popular film is what it was. Parents said that. We had alien friends when we were little. The film is about us though. ET was our imaginary friend or at least kinda. There's a light story and dark- Poltergeist was dark. The films are about us actually. We ran into Spielberg 2 times. People sometimes noticed the films seemed to be about us and them. Like Happy Days- the parents and big brothers and Joni. Not everyone's family looks like that, but that was similar to us and she was looking at everyone- that's what people do. They see eimilarities and are like what and check things out. There's a whole lot of films shows and all. We are learning film making now. We just took a photo of a workman out the window- he didn't notice us. We thought he was the mafia, but it isn't. 
We got 5 mafia pics sending. That's pictures showing mafia gang activity here that we took. The roof is where they hide cameras and spy in all of the rooms in the house and it's bugged. But photography is part of film making anyways and you're suppose to get better at it now that we think of it. You may think it when you see the photos. Probably need a new camera- one with a zoom lens that don't take hours to get started. The disownee woman- grandmother - she likes to keep us poor and sayse we're from a poor family background and so this month there is no money for us. We pay $15.96 per roll photo developing. We apparently spend a fortune. She sayse a digital camera is too high- and a computer to burn discs on no way also. Anyways, whatever - the voices that's cain in the film- we get took over to the other side. That's the disownee people anyways. There they are - there's our crazy big brother. They hate us. They decided they hate us when we were little. We were adopted. She said she's at war with us and any nice talk's just all lies - she's at war with us, she hates us because a woman from hollywood told her we were what the photographers in hollywood were looking for. we believe it's them- it sayse - adam and eve had a kid... and it sayse - there shall be nothing left of this family. That's the disownee people- there it is. Oh we realized we were dumb. It'll make you turn and look outside for elsewhere to go and sure that is what they want anyways. We saw some people who hated their kid, too- grandkid and kid before. she got a job though we heard and left that state and - aliens got her to do it but she had a job and we guess the kids only get hurt in those situations. the others don't need the kid - not for company - they got the tv. the kids are the needy one's often seems like- the others may needed things but may not want the kid for anything. they not interested it means leave. and just no - they want zero from that kid. she wants to help satan take over the world she always sayse coz she hates us and wants the worst for us apparently. she was acting mentally ill and began repeating over and over the same things even when we were a kid probably like 12- she'd say or maybe it was 10 or 11- we were doign something to her- we are bad she said. and do that to us. after all we did for you she always sayse and she would repeat that and sounded crazy. that's what that serial killer said and killed his child bride in Texas. Lucas - he had a 12 year old common law wife who tried to leave him and he killed her like the shining film but with a pick axe and not a long handed axe. The mafia here likes to march around with flags and axes outside here. hell's angels are people obsessed with violence anyways- everyone knows that. that's the mafia. That's all they do. 
God paused and thought a minute and said there shall be nothign left of this family and so that's them. Oh- there is nothing there. We are dumb. Kids do trust their family until they learn they can't apparently. And then they don't trust anyone or themselves even because if they were wrong about that - then they could be wrong again elsewhere. We were just like a teen tryin to have fun n' all but they were like lock down and like to accuse kids and be authoritarian maybe. They always peek in all your room and watch you naked and everything and they apparently then if they ever got tired of that they don't stop, but they yell more that they hate you must be. Suppose we were annoying kid anyways also if you dont like someone you don't want to hear them or let them leave the house apparently. don't want them there obviously. Seems some may be or could be coz they think you may get some of their money. That could be a big part of it. She said if we were rich and famous we'd have friends and we didn't have any we were on the bottom she said. She also turned and began saying- you're 18 are you gonna buy me a house? She seemed to mill in circles around the bedroom door all the time - you could peek in- someone said they wondered when you were gonna leave the house. she'd circle- she wanted us out. you know that serial killer was there and he followed us and that's where the homeless ppl are and they do not care anyways though. she's at war against us she always sayse and it's suppose to get so bad jesus has to come back. she sayse we shouldn't speak to her coz of that. you learn to look away and try to find some place else. looking out. we look out but the mafia is here and we're held hostage here. we cuoldn't roll down the road wtih the homeless from shelter to shelter coz of the mafia. we'd have to roll, but we can't coz that. we can't walk or crawl we're way to sick we can't scoot coz it seems too hard of work. we figured you could roll and you'd need to hold a pillow on your neck because our neck is almost broken. but that's impossible due to the mafia- us s. mafia organizations here. US Southern - they got italians too from up north apparently also. also internationals. they have russians and indonesian hells angels. just they heard we are speaking russian and all and we were interested in indonesia or soemthing. russian mafia guys yes we had seen some- non-hells angels one's, but they are mafia- a different mafia. if we was bad - she wanted that even - its' some insane war and if we were bad having satan take over is surely worse but her war was coz we looked good in pictures. kids dont' care if their families hate them. but i dont think they expected some things- some parents believe girls must be locked down - we only wanted to play on a playground and thought marriage would happen natually some day. the parents can do something to the kids- eventually the kids get tired of that. the folks don't care. but she realy wanted to help satan take over so it seems like he's worse than us and she's just wanting bad things or soemthing. i think he may be bad. it seems like her witchraft spells maybe he is doing those things and it seems like it may be realy bad or something. that woman with the voodoo dolls must be crazy or something. madonna gets mad if you talk bad on your mother and arabs do, too but that's not parents. they disowned us even. that is something else. don't know what it is but it is not like she may think. i do not have parents and apparently never did. she said you still have your mother and said oh you can't talk ad on them, but this is realy bad. she realy wanted to destroy the world and was serious. there were aliens in a church and they'd have them tell them probably - not to go to war with their kids coz it could start the end of the world and she'd fret like - oh i hate the kids and am gonna go to war. same like she did at the film audition when she heard we were what the photographers were looking for. There were alien sin there MIB's apparently, too there. We were saying the preacher's a snake and then on tv it said about aliens in that church. So it seems real- we saw that- there was a worker there who was on the same street often as that crazy voodoo doll woman. It has to be a MIB. They must have told them what to say. Someone seems to have been doing that there and seems we even saw them. She liked him and mentioned often how he pointed her our- she liked that- he'd call her a jezebel because she wore bright lipstick and nailpolish. They like to attack women in S. Baptist churches. They attacked us for wearing pants- we had no dress. It was dress type pants we figured- it wasn't jeans at least. Actually that's school clothes - made for school realy for teens or whoever can fit into it. It was in Seventeen magazine anyways. She liked when he'd point her out like that. 
MIB's had somethign to do with her calling him. The cia attacks all we do and have been saying lots on- like they did a 'slut walk' they said we'll reclaim that word. the cia must be spying on that stupid dumb girl and why would they do that- she is nothing to spy on- she does look like a famous ufo abductee with same first name. so what is that. but they spy on people even them dumb girls! they saw us talk on her and they said those are bad words slut... she deserves respect even if all she wanted to do was sew her wild oats. there was just an internet news article saying that again- we were singing - 'jessie's girl...' other day and it said on there- terms like slut, ... ... whatever you call it jessies girl it said - are terms used by stupid men and it had a picture of teh singer on there stupid mysoginistic men... we did not read their news show on there. it's the cia and we don't go on internet coz of that stuff or tv or radio. usa radio - do not need it. cia uses that for psychological warfare. we was on it and ran onto that article. dr. phil show was cia scripting him to say same as us and it is expository like us talking to the spy cams in here- we musta been sick to do that but like talkin to that like we did or whatever- well we are not alone in here it's bugged n' broadcasting and taping and if you're nervous or tired or whatver you may do something like that dumb like talk stuff and they just have him say it on shows and he doesn't talk to audience or nothing it's all tightly scripted. they say if they reclaim that word it's not a bad word anymore. there was a national slut walk march thing across the usa and canada maybe, too maybe. we just saw it on the internet a picture and article. didn't read it all maybe even. it's the cia. they were online and we said that and they began to attack us. they were like i'm tired of all this talk of the word slut and the word chic - that's a derogatory word and it was in a chat then they began attacking all over. One man in the chat though he said that our parents were realy bad to let us hang around a slut like that or a person like that whatever he said. They were not around. She told her parents that is how we remembered or we may have never noticed. They were never around- they were on the back porch- we didn't see them. They hated us. the cia keeps saying still she deserves respect. the cia is spying on them 2 stupid girls- they were always friends with each other and not with us. and i can't see any reason they'd want or have to spy on 2 stupid people like them. there is no reason - they finally found out who robbed the machien guns maybe there in TX if they finally looked in but other than that- what reason would they have to spy on them 2 dumb girls from out in the country out there. italians are all suspect? they were next door to the aliens house with us? one girl went once there and robbed the house and took off was all- she wasn't our friend. perhaps that's enough to spy on them from now on. one girl liked an alien- she behaved possessed. but so do many ppl these days. but they attacked all we ever said and still do that anyways. the cia is just attacking - that's all they do. 
MIB's turned bad somehow but we don't know how realy. You can see the calls led to meeting Ted and him meeting many others, too. Not sure if it demands the utmost respect also the cia saw that going on. she saw the aliens stuff - orb sound waves in the air that a tv can conduct- she didn't think anything of it but it's real weird. if you are not the same as someone who only wants to sleep with as many guys as they can and that is all they do then it isn't very funny. girls are raped a lot and probably they already had aids fast from 70's all the hookers but they'd get it for sure with someone like that. they're likely to get attacked by guys. she had us out in the woods and almost got us shot looking for a guy once. that's not even the high school guys with the shotgun- that's another time. she almost got us shot and she went home after that. she thought it leads to his house. it did not - it was only a little bit of trees behind a mini-mall obviously. an alien was living by there- they're around- they flew back there and a weird street type crop circle was out there past there. The boy lived on the crazy woman's street and it was past the drainage ditch just over past there to get to their street. We were just having fun and if she said go in there we went but she was looking for his street. I knew where that was- you have to walk around- actually, if you used the work road it maybe wasn't so far but about same- well you go around anyways- other side of the trailer park is where it was and down the street. she said we lied about aliens trying to get money and she hates liars said she'd call back and didn't. she wasn't our friend - they called and the alien she liked was even there and aliens had them call probably. she said we were lieing and we told her he is an alien. she wasn't our friend and she apparently hates us both of them was that way- that's fine. realy, i can't see what i'd be around them for anyways even. we were always totally alone and seeing someone is odd may be weird but lots of stuff happened round them and satan was acting like her. weird stuff and he acted like that crazy woman too and the ufo's seem to do that. they were over her window at midnight so they're asking her to do witchcraft for them to make come true or soemthing. her kid saw her peeking out the window, too at midnight seems like she said. the black h elicopters are saying witchcraft and calling us that again. she hates us a lot and sayse with the rock music it was witchcraft she sayse she wears a rock t-shirt it's black- is she a witch. black belt black sunglasses black ourfit. she looks at us mean then goes to save papers to kill the cat. she didn't like us. her kid don't also actually- we were friends in like when we were real little kids. kindergarten / preschool/ 1st grade It don't matter anyways. 
AFter going to the aliens house to babysit- Ishtar's- we began to have dreams of tables upside down and burning. It's a sign of evil.
They say do a sign of witchcraft- so they do black helicopters also it could be satan saying like them - calling people a witch. They don't like witches and would never be friends with a witch. It is odd that she kills cats and has voodoo dolls carrying the doll clothes around and always talking on making more and all. She's in there sticking pins in voodoo dolls and doing spells. She has one book of spells - we never saw it. She said she did 3/4 spells and it all worked - so it's real. The girl still lives with her folks there. The towns gotten so big. They are a family that had jobs and are thought to be richer- just military and data entry, but maybe they're more richer- well ppl'd say they are coz the houses are high priced there. And so they may not throw their kids out so much like others, too. All the guys always liked her. We got terrorists we believed it was out there- doubt it was mafia then- and they liked her, too. We told them how all the guys liked her always and she was the most popular one in the school always. The mafia and these things round here posed as others online sometimes- also followed us online sometimes before. One pretended to be Tarzan, but it isn't Tarzan. It's a hell's angel's male who is here probably. That was the terrorists probably and they liked it there. We had tried to get them to go to TX. Sitting here in this place is like saudi arabia. they loved it- it's a tourist town now. Somehow they found her out there. The mafia goes after everyone now. She is not my friend. She's not our friend neither is the boy across the street. That was when we were real little. We told the mafia guy that. Aliens sold her a cat first - a lynx as a sign of witchcraft. Soon after it came up missing. That was the first one. That cat looked like a wild cat of some sort. And another alien had cats without tails. That lynx looked like a bobcat or something. That was a real unique cat. The girls mother said to her that it was a sign of witchcraft that they were following us down the trail. Yes, we figured that the alien lived there and had the cats. Her mom is hopi indian so she sayse she knows about things like that. She listened to Noonan on the weekend on am radio to keep up with the aliens. they had landed right behind there on their street and did 2 cattle mutilations. Seems we saw the aliens by her house then go to her house then that stuff happened. they were in the country all the time anyways. Anyways, whatever- MIB's had something to do with the serial killer Ted. They got her to call him. Maybe she commands respect even though the next day he killed someone meeting them on the phone. We just used word chic online and did mention he sometimes saying whatever. She said that word all time. CIA sayse it's a derogatory word and did the slut marches. she used that word all time and it's spanish and means nothing. it was in an arab chat and it was where the famous guys used to hang out soemtimes in there and fight the cia. rich saudi guys. the one hitman said it he said the folks was bad to let us hang out with someone like that. but they were not around. they expected us to act like that of course. everyone does apparently and then attacks you all before you ever could even do anything. phone ran again 4 times- it may be grocery day also the mafia may be calling pretending to be her like before but she hasn't called in a long time or calling when we got up yesterday after 12? we maybe did but we went to sleep at like 10 after emailing and slept till like 7 pm. she doesn't call us. usually phone doesn't ring. why would we want to go around someone like that girl also the cia makes no sense- they like to do things like that they say to drive people crazy. they're spying on her - maybe they should. the stuff they say doesn't even mean anything. what we did was say something online and everything we would say the cia uses and attacks. the girl was not any good at all and was not any good for anything at all since we had nothing in common at all. also, she was into eating a lot apparently and was getting fat. satan said she's italian and he said he liked it. he's an alien that's our ex. satan also seems to lie an awful lot. aliens tryin to freak us out maybe. anyways they wanted to be a bad influence on ted maybe and freak us out maybe. got him to call - he was already a serial killer. i dont know how he got caught but i imagine he did. he was a bit wreckless. you can't call police on them with no case number coz we tried although the police probably woudn't have cared anyways coz you have to catch him in the act, also. She went out tot he country and who knows what happened then- but apparently everyone sayse she's good and we're bad. She did have sex. She went to be with the guy just like they accused us of doing which wasn't real. With the girls brother- she liked him and was going to be with him. but they choose people to attack. Maybe she slept with a lot of guys out there and they all got aids from that. One guy went with a hooker with his big brothers. The rich kids get into trouble that way seems like although the guys don't care about that disease. The man said we're a whore and he'd have hr for his first not a whore like us on new year's. ishtar was babysitting us ishtar n' nem. he attacked us of course then went in with her. he was 18 then and we took photos and they didnt' develope them coz it's child porn they said. the aliens saw him attack us and the alien man said no to ishtar - she wasn't going out to stop him from attacking me. she said that i didn't like him and she'd go out. he told her no over and over they did that. i was a whore coz i went to his room when he asked once and his mother said girls who go to boys rooms are whores! so he would say i love you to us and then say he didn't - he was lieing and using us only. girls believe that lie coz they think no may would ever lie about something as important as that to her. her falling in love- if you see on tv that is billed as the most important thing in life is to kiss at a door after a date and fall in love and you found the one that was meant for you - they say to kids that there's one in teh world to find fo ryou- god put you with him and him ony and you got to find him. one woman told our grandmother he was doign somethign to us and she just was usual like laughing and making fun dirty jokes. he'd peek down our shirt and hold our hand to get close to do that and saying he loved us then saying we're a whore and he didn't love us. he'd kiss us out on the street. an alien lived there where we were near. he knew noone had ever seen anyone out there. the one womans room was right there though and she was watching. our folks liked it if the man has sex with us and us with him. she also had us driving coz we were adult then after sex and we almost crashed off the cliff. the grandparents used to marry at 12 though i think they said at school n' round. that's what they used to do. maybe somewhere sometime but 12 year old boys dont wanna marry they wanna sow their wild oats is what they want to do. 
they said we'd get pregnant and marry him soon but it wasn't real. his mother told them that he is mentally retarded. they told them that i went to their house and they apparently wanted it stopped. supposedly i was chasing the man for sex. she said she'd meet the inlaws. his iq was in the low 70's she said. he's retarded and went to boot camp instead of jail when him and the pimp got arrested for robbing houses. the pimp went to jail over it. they put him in boot camp 
we saw on news a man with low IQ they were thinking of letting get out of trouble- we recall that from the news in the 70's when we were a kid. then let them all out of jail it said. they are not that retarded. the cia did that actually. he must've not had good memory or something but he could do jobs like anyone else. he was very good at bike riding- BMX. the cia maybe has gotten that man out of jail and given everyone free tickets to go do crimes now. that's realy bad. we stopped seeing the news- sometimes it's isolating but no more cia. you suppose to write books in your mind. cia labels the paper now. it's all planned forestry or member of planned forestry initiative and that is cia, too. there never was a forest cutting down crisis by paper companies they all had their own planted trees. so we quit buying paper. it is hard. we can't go try to see if there's normal paper anywhere to buy coz the mafia took the stores over and hood and here all mafia. we dont' even have an abaya. we got a fancy thai one. but it goes with thai niqabs. don't want to buy that. it's all labelled now. it's real weird. they try to sell it to environmentallists, too. it's not even real and even the box was labelled from the giftstore. planned forestry box made with planned forestry. it's a paper manufacturer. so we haven't been able to draw or write. sometimes we had some idea to do that. perhaps it was dumb idea but you can't. there's no normal paper anymore. 
MIB's - we called them and they had sex on phone like she said to then they got her to call Ted the local serial killer. One girl who she was friends with came up here- both were hookers of course. Don't know where she went, but the serial killer in the area probably didn't go after her. She was mentally retarded- autistic. He liked kids and small adults.
