{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-01-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493661","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65849","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2516,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/661/mufon-5493661.json","updb_database_id":5493661}
{dr}Low flying very large rounded triangular with dull dark exterior cruising slowly from east to north east emitting no sound or light.

After finishing a late night card game with my brother and friends, we stepped outside the game room and saw everyone off and as I was walking my brother to his vacation motorhome we stopped to urinate outside in the dark because it is convenient for men to do so. As we were urinating I looked up at the starry sky and commented on the clarity of the atmosphere because humidity was low. At that moment, a large slow moving craft entered our line of sight from behind my party room/man cave which had us looking east as the craft cruised ever so slowly toward the north until it left our field of vision. The craft appeared to be very large, triangular in basic shape but rounded corners and slightly elliptical (or bent) long lines, even in the stern. It emitted no light or sound and the only reason we spotted it was by starlight on the exterior surface and the silhouette that blocked out the stars behind it. As it tracked north, it slowly disappeared from our sight and as I shivered (from what? the cold night, loss of urine, that huge dark silent craft floating along?)and asked my brother what it was that we just observed. He said he didn't see a thing and to never tell anyone of our sighting because of public ridicule and loss of credibility. I was our town's fire chief at that time and my credibility was everything to me so that is why I am this long in reporting this to you. There is nothing here for you to investigate so I don't expect any response. In closing, I'd like to add that I've experienced two other sightings, one at night and the other in the clear of day. I don't know what I saw but that I shouldn't have. Thank you for being there when we need you.
P.S. After reading down, I am an artist and could provide you with a sketch of the craft (crafts).
