{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-03 02:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285661","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117740","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3428,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/661/mufon-5285661.json","updb_database_id":5285661}
Multiple Orbs. One stationary bright white . Other pulsating red moving.

" I was walking my dog Hugo at a really late hour. It was a little after 2am. It had been raining on and off so was waiting for the rain to stop in order to walk the dog. I noticed this way too bright object in the sky. I was a little surprised as there was no other stars in the sky as it was a really cloudy night. I toyed with the idea of it being Neptune, although I was beginning to already think otherwise and getting excited with the prospect that it could be something else. By the time I got my night sky app and ponting Hugo decided to scramble off by himself. I glanced quickly at the Orb and saw that it very swiftly shifted it's position. It freaked me out. I began to record a video. Trying to hard to keep the zoomed in video as steady as possible as my hands were trembling with excitement. What was also very fascinating was that I could see small white Orbs dancing around the big white Orb. These smaller specks of white pinpointed flashes were occurring randomely all around. Just flashes which could be one smaller orb moving around at a high speed or many that were present. But they were very clear as well. It was like a lot of things happening at the same time simultaneously. It was unreal. Meanwhile Hugo had probably ran back into the reception area of the apartment block I live in and startled the half asleep security guy there. 
I was not bothered at that moment about anything else and tried to keep shooting the Orb hoping that it would shift positions again. But as I was beginning to describe the ray like emissions from the Orb something else entered the frame. I could not believe what I was seeing. It was absolutely without a sound. Red with an inner core clearly visible of a bright yellow and orange glow that seemed to be very active. It was very clear. It was not like anything I have ever seen. And it was quite bright in a soft glowy way. No way it was anything else but something that cannot be explained in the conventional sense. This was no meteor, no aircraft and certainly no drone. Unfortunately the video does not do much justice compared to what I could see with my eyes. I was making sure the video was recording till the Red Orb completely faded out while the security guy started to call out to me to inform me about Hugo who had seemed to the security guy to be by himself and that late hour and probably lost. What I had seen was incredible. I rushed back home to point it out to my kids. They also saw what then seemed to be a stationary Orb in the sky with some streakes of light emitting from it and as they started to record it the Orb got obscured by a cloud and then it just did not appear again. "
