{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-16 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481661","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78344","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4605,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/661/mufon-5481661.json","updb_database_id":5481661}
group of red and white lights stayed with yacht hovering mainly at 2'0'clock position for five hours over 35nm distance between Antikythera and Chania, Crete

We were on a night passage in my 54' yacht from the island of Kythera, located to the south of the Peloponese Peninsular,Greece on route to Crete in the southern Aegean..

There was a full moon and a clear star filled sky - a beautiful moonlit night to be sailing. As we approached the island of Antikythera located midway between Kythera and Crete, I noticed lights at around the 2'o clock position off the island which I drew to my crew's attention. 

At first I thought they might be the mast head lights of an approaching vessel but, on looking through the binoculars, I noted there appeared to be a red light and a white light. Had it been an approaching vessel off the starboard bow the only light vizable would have been a green or possibly green and red lights, not red and white. I then thought the lights could have been situated on the island but as we
passed the island leaving it to starboard and then astern,the lights remained ahead of us at 2'0 clock to the vessel. 

We had closed on the lights on our approach to the island and beyond, and could now make out through the binoculars that there were in fact to the left, a large cluster of bright red lights and to the right of them, one bright white light which later became two white lights. All lights occasionally flashed on and off. I could not make out any dark solid mass behind the lights to which they could all have belonged on what was as reported earlier a bright moonlit night. 

The white lights suddenly left the grouping with the red light cluster, moving away to the right, remaining there on station. The distance between the two sets of lights hard to determine. the collective group of lights then moved in unison first to the left of their stationary position and then to the right by a similar distance. Suddenly the group shot ahead and away to port of us at incredible speed to a much higher altitude where they took up station before returning some time later, to their regular 2'0 clock position. 

This light group remained with us, repeating the previously stated movements during the five hour journey to Crete. 

At around 04:00 hours we approached a bay on Crete's NW coast where the port of Chania is located in its SE corner, the UFO stopped,taking up station off the NW headland ( lit by house and street lights as well as the occasional car headlights ) making no attempt at concealment, leaving us to continue the rest of the journey to Chania unaccompanied. 

We entered the ancient Venetian port at 06:00 hours in the early morning sunshine and tied up stern to on the old quayside. I later reported in to the Greek harbour keeper, telling him all about our encounter. When I had finished he smiled and exclaimed 'My father saw and experienced the very same thing!' He then told me that at the very place we had first sighted the UFO at Antikythera was where an ancient computer mechanism known as the 'Antikythera Mechanism' was found amongst the relics of a ancient Greek shipwreck. It has since been established that it was used to determine sun and moon movements and is considered to be way beyond the knowledge of such that existed at that time. 

Could there be any connection or significance between our sighting and companion that night and this highly advanced ancient relic, of which much more information I have since found,can be found on the web on sites such as Wikpedia and YouTube. 

One might well ask why no photographs? Did try to get something with my smartphone camera but as the lights were only properly discernable through binoculars, nothing came out of the photo shots but blackness.

Never have I or my crew ever encountered anything like this before and, until that night in June, were both highly sceptical of such claimed sightings. I am so thankful our five hour encounter was witnessed by someone else apart from me.
