{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-28 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484661","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75157","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3298,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/661/mufon-5484661.json","updb_database_id":5484661}
{nd} I seen what I thought was Jupiter brightly shinning until it started to pulse and flash so I took pics and video.

I woke to use the restroom early on Dec.28 2013 and as I returned to my room I stopped to shutoff my boys tv they left on after falling asleep. One of them had also opened their bedroom window and blinds. As I went to close the window I looked out and seen a very bright star I thought was Jupiter brightly shinning until it started to pulse and flash a few times. Then stop and pulse like it was flashing Morse Code.I have lived all my life near the airport and know the flash of an airplane which this pulsing light was not. I instantly thought grab my phone and get pics of it going dim then bright to show my wife. So I aimed and zoomed in and started taking pics as fast as I could push the button. She thinks Im crazy for believing in UFOs Then it started this morse code looking pulses like there was intent to the pulses. Thats when I switched to video and started recording but I could not zoom in while doing video. So I used the window ledge and just tried to be as steady as possible. Even moving to show the bus garage next door out the window I was looking out. As I watched it morse code pulse, to my amazement another light appeared from nowhere and they seemed in my opinion to be communicating to each other with pulses of light. My mind is about to explode at this point.. Are you serious? I am actually getting all this with pics and video. Then came the icing on the cake... No way!?! No way this is happening.. There are 3 of them pulsing. This last about a minute of all 3. Then 2 lights just blink out and never come back on.. Then the light left turns a warm orange glow and heads SW leaving me shaking from excitement at what I had just caught real evidence of. Then I was afraid and extremely nervous a black suv was going to pull up and have some questions for me. So I made copies posted them everywhere I could put a copy and just are trying to share my stories of encounters with real evidence to back it up. 20+ pictures and over 10 mins of video.
