{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-16 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505129","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53737","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2392,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/129/mufon-5505129.json","updb_database_id":5505129}
{kt}wife standing on porch saw jelly fish type object pass 10-12 ft. in front at 5ft ele. of her and move around our house to back yard

I went out side to smoke and while she was out on the front porch an object that looked similar to a bright transparent jelly fish object moved from around the west corner of our house about 5 ft off the ground moving at the pace of a slow jog as it passed in front of me. I could see right through it and it was like a jelly fish and the out side glowed light redish orange. It was no more than 12 feet away in the middle of our drive way between Me and a small oak tree. as it passed it continued in an arch path and moved up towards the north-east corner of our house and back into the back yard were two of our large dogs were as it moved to the back both dogs went crazy in the back yard barking and carrying on for about 10 minutes. My wife said she was to scared to go back there and look. I told my husband about this incident on 23 January 2014 when he questioned me why I would not go outside alone to smoke. I was pretty shaken up about the whole experience and thought I was going nuts. I had no idea what it was but just prior to the sighting I had an uneasy feeling I was being watched. 

My son who lives across from us in our other house had a similar incident coming up the mountain about three weeks ago when a bright orb flew directly in front of his car at aprox.1-2am. the route up the mountain is extremely dark and not a lot of people live on that road it is mostly ranch land. I don't believe that these things can be easily explained because we live so far out in country in a small neighborhood atop a small mountain. We have heard others in the lake Eufaula area talk about strange things but always chalked it up to just stories until now.
