{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-06-01 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282129","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121340","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3618,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/129/mufon-5282129.json","updb_database_id":5282129}
Bright, flickering, daytime

While residing in the northeast quadrant of Amarillo, TX, was sitting upon the mat of the trampoline within the rear yard area, conversing with both of my children, discussing the day's events/experiences, while resting from a previous, vigorous "bouncing-fest". While talking with the children, and glancing around in the skies surrounding the general region, spotted a bright, randomly-flickering/flashing, daytime "star" traveling through the sky seemingly on a roughly N,NW-to-S,SE trajectory. The object appeared to be within the extreme, upper atmosphere, was traveling at a rate greater than conventional aircraft, and appeared to maintain both throughout the observation. When first noticed, the object appeared to be approx. 10-13 miles to the general NE of our location, where it was the closest, was of whitish color, seemed to be of a radiant nature, instead of reflective, appeared approx. the size of a medium star, and was silent. After scrutinizing the traveling object for couple of minutes, both children began to inquire as to what I was "staring at", and making "faces" over. Could only reply that was staring at some kind of flickering, daytime star, traveling along in an unconventional manner/direction. Initially, both children could not acquire sighting of the object, until I got the idea of carefully pointing at the object, and having each child in turn place the temples of their heads against the extended and pointing arm, to then look outwards along the arm/finger in the direction of the object, where both thereafter quickly acquired sighting/observation. My daughter's reaction was one of interested curiosity, while that of my son was of nervous apprehension. We began discussing the various possibilities of what the object could be, including highly-reflective conventional aircraft, highly-reflective airborne debris, satellite on unconventional orbital path, and even considered actual star/planetary body, but logically eliminated those sources. That pretty much left a UFO as possibility, and told the children that it was likely the "little space-guys", out-and-about, possibly headed that-a-way (pointing towards SE) to torment someone else, for a change. By this time, the object had progressed to a point to the SE of our location, and was met with the suggestion to retire indoors for the evening, before they decided to come back this way. My son was nervous enough, that he handily beat everyone else inside the residence. Total observation lasted approx. 7 minutes, and later consulting area map, noticed that the object's flight path would have taken it over, or in close-proximity pass to the PANTEX plant. Area skies were clear, seasonally hot temperature, little-no winds, with sun to general S,SW. Sketches available.
