{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-08 17:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495129","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64317","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3290,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/129/mufon-5495129.json","updb_database_id":5495129}
2 unidentifiable objects appeared in first photo, 3 objects appeared in second photo

On 8 March 2015 at about 5:15 PM, my son and I had just exited the Aquarium in downtown Toronto. Minutes later I paused to photograph a group of new high rise condos (I'm a photographer and thought the buildings would make an interesting photo as they were well lit and the sky as far as I could see was cloudless and blue). I shot two photos of these condo buildings using my iPhone 6 Plus. I DID NOT NOTICE ANYTHING UNUSUAL AT THAT TIME. Later I made a copy of my favorite of those two photos and proceeded to retouch it and convert it to black and white to post on my Flickr page. (It should be noted that I ALWAYS keep the unaltered original photos as reference files.) when I looked at the retouched black and whit image on a larger screen, I noticed two distinct dots in the sky above the condos. I thought that I had perhaps over processed the copy and in doing so may have introduced some artifacts into the image. I referenced the two up retouched original images and noticed something I found odd.

In the first image, i saw (when zoomed in) that there were two objects, one triangular and another smaller and orb shaped. They appear to be lit or reflecting the sunlight in the same direction the condos were lit. They also seem to have a shadowed side behind them, also in keeping with the buildings. I checked the second image and noticed that the two objects were considerably lower in the sky than image one, plus there was now a third, saucer-shaped object very near them, also similarly lit.

I checked the EXIF data of the two photos and discovered that they had been taken six seconds apart. In that span of six seconds, the first two objects were much lower in the sky and had been "joined" by a third object.

As stated I did not observe this at the time of occurrence, nor can I offer any explanation as to just what they were. I would greatly appreciate any insights from your field investigators or photo experts. I have not yet found any reports of sightings over Ontario on that date.

Attached are the two original images, being directly uploaded from my phone's camera roll. For good measure I am including the retouched black and white image as well. I give my full permission for any MUFON usage of these images, but would like to retain credit should they be used or posted publicly.
