Case No. 1471 03032021

Date: February 16, 2021.

Approximate Time: 15:06 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Summer.

Witnesses: J. A. Q. R., 54 years old.

Description: The informant reported the presence of what he considered an aerial anomaly in a photograph he took at 15:06 (HL) on February 16, 2021, at the entrance to the city of Angol, Region of La Araucanía.

He described the photographed object as an oval-shaped gray object and likened its size to that of a "small plane." He added that it was located
"fixed and permanent", at 3 kilometers from its position, which would have come from the west of Angol and disappeared towards the north.

The user indicated that he was the only witness to this sighting, which lasted "Alone, moment of the photograph."

The user's location was georeferenced to the east of Angol, at coordinates 37° 48’10’’ S and 72° 39’ 29’’ W. (Figure 1).

                               Figure 1

This is the scene of the photograph that originated the case and which
This text translates to:

It corresponds to the intersection of Route 180 and General Oscar Bonilla Avenue. (Figure 2)

Figure 2

In early March 2021, the user provided audiovisual material to study the reported observations, stating that it consisted of original files and two enlargements made with a cellular phone from the images.

The three images that supported the report were perused through ELA (Error Level Analysis) and CMF (Copy and Motion Forgery) analysis, which did not reveal any evidence of
There were no external pixel incrustations or copied pixels from the original image that could be associated with what was reported.

By examining the data recorded in the photograph files, while it was confirmed that they were taken on the reported date, it was also verified that all of them had been edited using the Microsoft Windows Photo Viewer software moments before sending them to CEFAA. In light of all the forensic information, it was decided to continue studying the case, considering the actions taken.
It did not alter the nature or quality of the study media.

Photographic analysis determined that the photographs were taken
through the glass of a vehicle's window. This is evident from the
slightly visible grid across the entire surface of Figure 3.

Figure 3
All photographs were inspected using edge-finding algorithms to
determine if the reported presence was the only thing in flight. Thus,
it was verified that outside of the object,
which originated the case, there also existed something else farther away from the camera, as shown in Figures 4 and 5. The images were captured with shutter speeds of 1/152 seconds and 1/123 seconds respectively, so the detected objects were not visible directly.

FIGURE 4
FIGURE 5

Based on the date and location of the photographs, air traffic was studied, but it was verified that there were no potentially visible aircraft from Angol. (Figure 6)
Figure 6

Given the sizes of the volumes, shapes of the silhouettes, and lighting conditions of what was detected, the hypothesis was raised that it could be insects. Therefore, independent expert opinions were requested from entomologists at the National Museum of Natural History.

They indicated that the photographs show insects in flight. In the reported case, due to the figure being distorted by the composition of the vehicle's movements and speeds,
object, they were unable to accurately identify the species of
the specimen, but they did confirm that it is a dipteron from
the Tabanidae family, of medium to large size. This was supported
by the glare caused by the incidence of light on its membranous
wings, as well as the appearance of its elongated and slightly
flattened dorsal-ventral body volume. (Figure 7)

Figure 8. Tabanus in flight.

Images: The user provided three photographs and two screenshots
in JPG file formats. The five images are attached below.
Despite what the user stated and that, following the investigation protocol of the Committee, original file images are requested, it was determined that the three photographs were edited using the Microsoft Windows Photo Viewer software.

Conclusion: Based on the analysis of the testimonies, the conclusions of the consulted specialists, and the results of the geographical, forensic, and photographic studies, it was determined that insects in flight were reported. The one that originated this case would belong to
a medium to large size type of gnat.
