{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-02-27 17:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282658","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120791","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2450,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/658/mufon-5282658.json","updb_database_id":5282658}
Disc shaped UFO hovered above us then started rising up and splitting into two crafts while making a whirring noise.

My younger brother and I were outside our house sledding down a hill. It was a week night in February of 1974, early evening, just at dusk. I heard a "whirring" noise above us that made me look up..... it was a very quiet "zhewww...zhewww...zhewww....zhewww" sound. There was a disc shaped object with round shaped lights rotating in sequence that appeared to be just above the tree tops, but I am sure it was much higher. When I first saw it, it was just hovering. Then it started slowly rising up.  

While it was rising up it started splitting in two and one half was rising up while the other was still hovering (or very slowly rising). The whirring sound was coming from the part that was rising up.  Then that part just took off in like a split second. I remember being VERY scared and knew it was not something normal. 

The main disc was a dark metallic grey in color with round lights kind of rotating in sequence. These lights were not casting light like a car headlight, but seemed more "inside" something.  They were not outside the craft, but like a part of it (if that makes sense). 

When I first saw it I was kind of frozen with fear, then I grabbed my brother and ran into the house to get my parents to come out and look at it, but they took it like the ramblings of a young child and ignored me. I finally did get my mother to come look out, but of course, it was already gone.  I know what I saw, and will never forget it! Unfortunately, my brother doesn't remember seeing anything since I pretty much drug him with me while running into the house.  My sketch up is a very rough interpretation of what I saw.
