{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-12 02:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493658","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65853","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2948,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/658/mufon-5493658.json","updb_database_id":5493658}
{dr}Followed by big pulsating sphere while driving around 3AM

Mid April of 2014 I had taken my mother to the hospital in Petersburg ,Va dealing with her cancer well the first night I didn't get out of the hospital til about 2:49am. I get on I-295 North heading back to Hopewell and there is no one else in sight going either way, I look up in my rear view mirror and see this light off in the distance not thinking anything of it because I thought it was just another car. I had only looked away for a few seconds but when my eyes met my rear view mirror again the light had gotten so much closer that there was no way possible it could have been a vehicle at that speed. I keep looking at it noticing that it's getting closer and the closer it got to my car the more I was seeing this bright pulsating light(a round pulsating light) . I was starting to get quite nervous ... I start to speed up but the faster I got the closer it got by this time I'm really starting to be scared thinking that my life can't end this way and then I see another vehicle traveling south bound. I feel like I'm trying to out run this light now as it keeps getting closer until the time that the other vehicle becomes parallel with me , I quickly look in my mirror as the other vehicle passes I see the bright light make a sudden sharp turn towards the vehicle and then all of it disappeared , no where to be see now when I say no where to be seen i mean I couldn't see any light any other vehicles nothing but the road and trees. I feel as if I'm relieved it wasnt me that object had gotten to first. I finally make it home confused and shocked I couldn't sleep. Later that morning I was driving my dad and step mother up to the hospital to see my mom and while on I-295 south we we approaching cop cars ambulances and fire trucks ... we all 3 get to see this van that is up side down hanging in a tree with a big hole in the side that looks as if it was burned into the van . When we left the hospital everything was gone from the spot. I searched for weeks on any info regarding an accident at that location and date but I couldn't find the slightest clue anywhere . I've only told a select few in my family and another site, because of the fact people change their views about you if you say stuff like this. Then I started watching the show on tv and seen similar stories .
