{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-06-17 21:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499658","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59476","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2539,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/658/mufon-5499658.json","updb_database_id":5499658}
{dr}Visiting mother at lake. My daughter and I saw object hovering by the dam. No sound,smells about 100 ft above lake. Took off like a shot. Watched for 7 mins.

At time active duty navy chief with 4000 hours flying in P3C aircraft. I was in USAF first
Was jet engine mech then F4C crew chief. Have flown all over the world and all types of 
Flying craft. We were visiting our parents in Pa. At lake Wallenpaupack above the lake is where my moms house is. My daughter and I left her house to go down to town when I noticed the UFO hovering by the dam. I sped up and pulled in to the observation area by the dam and we got out. There were no cell phone cameras at the time. I did not have my camera with me. We observed this craft hover above the water. No sound. No smells of any kind. Just many color lights. Then it took off like a shot out of a gun, gone. We just stood and looked at easy other. I asked did you see what I saw. She said yes.  She was a freshman in highschool. I later found out it was possibly from. A flap around the Hudson River area of more than 150 sihgtings. Now the Hudson River is about 100 miles east of the lake. I saw on mufon hanger one story about the flap. Now this is interesting because when we fly on a ussr sub or even two we call it a flap!!! Anyway it was in 1987 summer time and I never knew where to report a sighting. Now in 1986 my crew took off out of Bermuda at 3 am during my after take off inspection of the plane a large white orb flew all around our plane and parked just in front of our p3 and kept a perfect 599 foot space there while we were climbing out of the island. Well we were frequed out. I had to slap both pilots and screen push the nose over or we will stall. I had to push the yok forward and hold level flight while they cane out of the trance the we're in. Tower called and asked if we wanted to report. We said no. We came back and all went to the chiefs club and got drunk........
