{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-11-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488658","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70982","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9080,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/658/mufon-5488658.json","updb_database_id":5488658}
{jpg} Hovering orange featureless disc that took off horizontally when observed

This sighting happened in the fall of 2000, as observed by my mom. She's a highly skeptical person and has a low tolerance for what she calls 'BS', namely UFOs, Bigfoot, and other dubious phenomenon. I guess she passed that on to me, as I tend to be critical of this sort of thing. She was obviously shaken by whatever it was, but my dad had just died a few months earlier so perhaps that had an effect on her impartial nature. I lay it out here for your interpretation; suffice it to say my final judgement (knowledge of the observer's observational skills notwithstanding) probably falls more on the side of the 'unknown but mundane'.

My mom was living alone at the time in the house my sister's and I had grown up in. It was a rather large home easily capable of accommodating five adults comfortably. My father had passed recently as I had said, my two sisters and I had moved out a year or two before, so it was basically an empty nest. It was (and is) located in rural upstate New York on a mountain/hill overlooking a valley, facing another incline some five miles away. On a clear day you can see several of the Finger Lakes, twenty or so miles away. The valley was sparsely populated with a lone farm located at the lowest point of the valley about a mile away. Our back yard was a half acre deep facing downhill and ended in an overgrown field that continued unabated until it reached the farm below. It was very dark at night (not sure if the area has since become built up) with little light pollution, giving an awesome view of the night sky with the Milky Way clearly visible from horizon to horizon. 

I will add here an additional observation, one that's more anecdotal in nature, but worth mentioning since it was commonly observed by those who lived in the house and visitors. That is, a certain sense of unease during the night hours. This feeling wasn't always there, but when it was it gave one a sense of being watched. I'll chalk that up to perhaps the abundance of wildlife in the area, but I felt it on numerous occasions myself. As children we seldom went out after sundown to play. I had a friend over once who later claimed to be sensitive to psychic phenomenon; after visiting (during the day) she independently shared her sense of unease and wouldn't visit the house after that point. Be that as it may my mom didn't seemed affected by this environment, and had no qualms about living in the home alone while making efforts to sell it after my dad's death. 

My mom's habit after returning home from work (she was a microbiologist, since retired) was to do basic domestic stuff, have dinner, and watch a little TV before retiring. Our TV was located right below a large picture window that gave a great view of the valley and farm below. 

On that particular evening she followed her normal routine. The weather was typical of the time of year with no precipitation. She was watching TV when she saw an indirect light in the window, but didn't think much of it, as she attributed the source as being one of the cars that would pass by the front of the house on the main road, usually casting a light on the living room ceiling in the process. Except the light was the wrong color, didn't move across the ceiling as a passing car would, and persisted. She also suddenly got that feeling of being watched, that same feeling others had described over the years. She felt the light odd enough to rise and look out of the picture window above the TV.

What she saw she described as a self-luminous deep orange horizontal flattened disc about two feet in thickness and fifteen feet in length. Width unknown, but guessed to be in the ten foot range. It had no surface features and was consistent in both color and luminosity, becoming darker towards the 1edges1, denoting that the object had a smooth rounded pill-shape like say a vitamin E tablet. It appear to be a plasma of some sort (not a true solid), dense and with a 'hard' feel to the surface with clearly defined and stable/rigid edges. She could not see through it. It was floating some three to four feet above the ground, clearing the vegetation it sat above, and at no time wavered from this height. Hugging the ground, as it were. Its distance was about a half acre away, as it rested just beyond our yard in the field below.

She observed it for several seconds, which seemed like an eternity. She said she felt like she was observing something alive and organic, not a machine or vehicle, and that when a few seconds later it sensed that it itself was being watched, it quickly moved off to the left, still above the field but now directly behind other houses on the street, still in the field. It moved off at about thirty miles per hour and was quickly lost to view. She never approached any neighbors about what had happened, but none ever mentioned seeing anything on that or any other night. 

She never saw or felt the thing again in the months she spent there before selling the house. The best theory she could up with at the time was that it was perhaps related to my recently passed father (aka- a 'ghost'), but she rejected that almost immediately as not only being silly, but failing to fit her observation. At no time did she sense specific emotions from it such as malevolence, curiosity, or pity. It simply had a job to do1 and one of those jobs was to not to be observed.

Upon asking her for details on the incident several years later, she steadfastly refused to admit that the event ever took place, or even that she had shared what had happened to her with me in the first place. Based on her tone I believe she honestly either can't remember due to the possible fogginess of her memory at the time due to all the things that were transpiring or, less probably, a suppression of the memory altogether. 

I1m no expert, but have read a little so here1s my theories as to what it was, listed 1most probable1 to 1least probable1:

Imagination/in the mind 1 Seems the most logical. She was under mental stress at that time in her life. Problems with this theory though are that I1ve NEVER known her to exaggerate or be prone to flights of fancy. She1s a very no-nonsense woman with no interest in the paranormal or science fiction beyond the average Joe1s level. 

Natural phenomenon 1 Some sort of weather phenomenon, ball lightning, etc. We lived at the top of a mountain and when there1s weather- be it snow or a thunderstorm- we got the brunt of it. Her description does paint a picture of something organic with no hint of technology. The trouble I have with this theory is that the description was so specific and even though there1s reports of ball lightning showing playfulness etc. there seemed to be a real sentience to the thing that reacted to be observed at a distance. Never heard of ball lightening being so large or elongated either.

Man-made object 1 Obviously too small to be manned (unless a human was inside in a supine position) it could have been some sort of drone or other remote device. Not crazy about this theory either, as the level of technology on display still isn1t achievable today. Unless it was a balloon. But she described it as appearing 1thick1 with a good solid mass behind it and had the ability to move vertically from a standstill quite quickly. Why would a person or group of people decide to buzz a freshly-widowed middle-age woman living in the middle of nowhere?

Now we get to the 1Erm, probably not1 categories:

Dimensional craft 1 Same spatial coordinates, different plane or time. Not sure how that would work and it would certainly be super-science, but it could possibly account for a history of 1unease1 felt in the area. Don1t really care for this one as it1s too complicated and improbable.

Extraterrestrial craft- Although the most attractive possibility and one the heart goes out to, IMO the odds of an alien craft are less probable than the 1dimensional1 theory. I1m sure life is common in the galaxy, but the distances are just too great for me to reasonably believe another sentient race has bumped into our civilization. Again we1re talking super-science to cross such gulfs of space and time efficiently; when you1ve reached that level of development it1s my belief that as a species you1re not going to dick around in the woods. And if you are, you1re not going to be seen or sensed by those you1re observing.
