{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-04 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506658","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52100","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7922,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/658/mufon-5506658.json","updb_database_id":5506658}
{cak} Many white, small, galaxy-like random lights; rear and forward green steady green lights

Monday, 11/04/13, on Bell Road, between St. Marthas Catholic Church and the Cheatham County (Tennessee) EMS building, about 1/2 mile south of Highway 49, Cheatham County, Tennessee.

I departed the Cheatham County Board of Education Meeting, on Elizabeth Street in Ashland City, at 8:00 PM (CST). I drove east on Stratton Road, then turned LEFT onto Bell Road. Just past St. Marthas Catholic Church (on my left), I saw an object outside the right side of my truck window. At first I thought it was the illuminated arc of the top of a green water tower to the east. From 1996 until 2001, I had driven Bell Road five days a week to my job in Ashland City, Tennessee.

I then remembered that there was no water tower located where this illumination was coming from. I continued to see this huge object. I pulled onto a cul de sac, and exited my pick up truck. I was atop a ridge, and a small valley separated my location from the next ridge to the east. Past that second ridge was a strip mall with a Food Lion supermarket and a few retail shops.

I could not understand what I was looking at. There was a telephone pole to my right on the cul de sac. Using that pole as a reference, I could see that this object was not moving; neither north nor south, nor east or west, it was stationary. From my location, I was looking eastward toward the small rural town of Pleasant View, about six to eight miles to the east, located along the I-24 corridor, Exit 24.

There was a moderate cloud cover, and this object illuminated the moisture around it. If I were to hold a ruler at arms length, this object appeared to be about an inch in length and 1/2 of an inch in height. The best I can describe it is that if a person took several strands of the tiny, white Christmas lights (non-twinkling), balled them up in a big mess, then pulled on each end, stretching it out into an oval, with a pronounced green light at the tapered front and rear of that oval - that is what I saw. This thing illuminated the area immediately around it. I remembered thinking, "That thing looks like a small galaxy with two green lights on either end!"

I admit, I became excited and concerned. I used my cell phone to call my wife in Pleasant View. I told her what I was experiencing, and asked to her to go outside and see if she could see this huge object in the sky. I kept the phone line open as I watched this object for a good two minutes or so. Again, using the telephone pole as a guide, this thing never moved. I did not hear a sound, nor did I see the usual navigation lights of a conventional aircraft, e.g. red and green. I am a former U.S. Marine in the aviation field, an aircraft buff, and former police lieutenant with 14 years experience; I have also witnessed numerous blimps with promotional graphics, but this things was down right weird. I did not get the impression, nor were their appendages, that would suggest that I was looking at a conventional blimp.

There was not a soul stirring on the cul de sac on this fall night. I wanted to get someones attention. I heard the voices of people talking. I walked to a house (which I can identify) and seeing the above garage bonus room window open, and hearing voices and a TV set, began yelling, "Hello!" I then rang the door bell. After a moment or two, a middle aged woman opened the door.

I said, "I am on the phone with my wife; do you see that object?" She looked where I was pointing, and said, "Oh my god, what is that!?!" I said, "Sorry to have bothered you, but I wanted someone else to see this."
She then called for others in her home to come look at this object. Two more adults, one male and one female, arrived from within the home and viewed this object.

The woman who had opened the door went to get her smartphone for a photo. My wife, who was now on the phone, then stated that she saw the object moving behind the trees from our home in Pleasant View. From her point of view, all lights were red on this object.

About that time, two people, a man and woman, exited the house at my location from across the street. I shouted to them, "Look at that object in the sky." both stopped to look eastward. After a few moments, the male shouted, "Its either a blimp or a UFO." I started laughing, thinking, "What a profound observation."

The woman who had opened the door upon my door bell ring, showed me the photo she took on her smartphone. As dark as the night was, and the distance the object was from me, all the photo revealed was three, white, vertical lights - side by side, as if one was looking at the white keys of a piano keyboard. I then stated to her, "I am going to call 911."

On my cell phone I dialed 911. When the operator answered she stated something like, "Cheatham County Sheriffs Office, 911, what is your emergency?" I got one word out, and the phone cut off. A few seconds later, I received an incoming call on my cell phone. I could recognize the 911 operators voice, but we again got cut off. Three more times this 911 operator attempted to re-call my number, and we got cut off each time. Finally she got through to me. I told her briefly that many people were out watching this object. She asked my name and what I was seeing, and that was the end of the conversation. She did apologize, stating something was wrong with their phone system.

About this time, the object began to move. It was extremely slow. It moved toward the town of Joelton to the south, and then on to Nashville, becoming a small, white, pinpoint of light.

I left the location in Ashland City, and arrived home in Pleasant View about 9:00 PM (CST). My wife attempted to locate anything on this object on the local news; no results. However, on Facebook, she saw that a former Pleasant View alderman and local real estate broker, was reporting on this object - he reported the lights as blue, and about half a dozen Pleasant View residents were reporting their sighting of it in real time.( I know this former alderman by name)

The next day, I sent out an email to family and friends, reporting what I had seen. The following day, the pastor at the church in Pleasant View I once attended, emailed me. He, too, along with the church secretary, had seen the same object after a church business meeting that same Monday night.

As a former police lieutenant, I don't make assumptive judgments. As a former aviation branch Marine, I know conventional aircraft. As a person who is familiar with LTA, or Lighter Than Air blimps and such, I can only say this; what I saw was not (1) a fixed wing aircraft, (2) not a helicopter, and (3) if it was a blimp, it was showing off in a lightly populated, rural area about 20 miles north of Nashville, Tennessee, in a cloudy Monday night. Some of those I mentioned do have photographic evidence-poor as it is. But, unless MUFON contacts me in private and requests their identify, I will not put it on a public forum.

Lastly, I would not have even contacted MUFON had not I had been aggregatively encouraged to. All I know is this, what I saw was different. All those who saw it also, saw it as different. What is was, I do not know. I have reported objectively what I saw and what I did.
