{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-10 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495658","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63774","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2650,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/658/mufon-5495658.json","updb_database_id":5495658}
4 ufos flew from what i think was pole star, overhead and off one direction.

i was going to work to start at 630pm.
i decided as early to have a stop up the road as realised to early for work had a ciggerette.

will sound odd, but i looked at what i think was the pole star/north star.. brightest horison star just above the buildings on my right.. this is afar as there was a factory estate yard view between all buildings so i had a good view.
i actually had a thought to ask for help.. or something like that.. bit of one of those stupids thoughts.. what supprised me was 4 sets of 2 lights, that came right from the star area.. like they just switched on.. comming at what i would call fast helecopter speed.

i cannot determine hight as no clowds, but they were high, yet still large.

the had what i would class as two curved lights either side of what looked circular, it was dusk at this time.... this is how they looked () pretty much like glowing bright white flying brackets.

3 flew in a semi straight line, buy slightly up n down, the 4th, suddenly as passed over, changed direction onto another path but in same direction as if changing formation.

there were no lights or sun that could reflect from, nor did the light change shape or intencity from far in horizon from side of star, to far past the opposite side after being overhead. then all 4 vannished, in what i would say was about 130/140 degrees, if you assume 0 degrees on the side of sun first seen and 90 degrees when overhead.

you could see stars overhead in all directions, there were no clouds.

im staying anonn from public, because of my profession, study and standing.
in relation to my initial call to a star resulting in a cercumstantial event, and the fact i now see some alien eyes and face in dreams since, not everyday, not always when asleep.

make of what i said what u will. this isnt the first ufo ive seen or things like esp etc.. but this is the first ufo exp ive witnessed at close range that i cannot conciously deny as being anything other than a ufo.
