{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-15 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283658","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119779","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2283,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/658/mufon-5283658.json","updb_database_id":5283658}
Sighting Over South Broad Street

I was driving home one night from work and decided to take the back roads from Munster. There is a long strip of road that is known as S Broad Street. I’m approaching the end of the initial road where I usually turn right to take the road to S Cline Avenue. This is where I see this object hovering over the dark sky, at first I didn’t think anything of it possibly a plane or helicopter because it’s typically common to see in the Region area. However, what caught my attention was that this was object was hovering, while Planes and Helicopters typically have a flashing light on the undercarriage of their body. What I saw was the opposite, the light had been clearly solid, I gazed at the object and expected some form of movement, mind you, this is as I’m traveling down the road being the only one there that night, I can’t account for a car that was several hundred feet behind me. The object then flashed a light or beam, similar to how it is being flashed with a flashlight, and within the time the light retracted, the object was gone. From what I can gather in my head at the time, I came to the conclusion that I may have witnessed a UFO. The timeframe for this incident was very brief, but I am absolutely sure of what I saw that night, there was no trail, no sound, no anything to point towards an engine of human creation that could explain how it could be confused. I was also not close enough to see a reflection, but when I was close enough to the end of the road, the dim light seemed to brighten as I moved closer, that is when I was initially flashed with a bright light leading to the eventual vanishing of the light and UFO.
