{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1962-07-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464658","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96180","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2905,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/658/mufon-5464658.json","updb_database_id":5464658}
{jpg} red glowing 1/3 angular size of moon appearing very hot (shimmering) appeared very large as it was same size as went over horizon as overhead

This incident occurred many years ago. I am submitting it only because I thought that it was interesting that I received a response from Dr. Menzel (of "MJ 12 fame"] when I reported it to the Harvard College Observatory. I had been an amateur astronomer since age 7 and at the time (age 15)I belonged to the Bond club which was a group of amateur astronomers who met at the Harvard College Observatory monthly. 

I had just gone to bed. The bed was next to the window as I like to look out at the sky. I noticed a fairly bright red object almost directly overhead and thought it worth putting my glasses on to see it clearer (near sighted). I was just able to resolve it as a red disk slowly moving from east to west. I shouted out to the rest of my family "flying saucer", jumped out of bed and grabbed a pair of 7x50 binoculars. I thought of grabbing my 35mm camera but realized that I would not get anything worth while with film (hurray for the digital age). When outside observing with binoculars I was startled to see that the edges where breaking off and it looked much as a planet looked through my telescope at very high magnification under terrible "seeing" conditions such as what happens in New England after a vigorous cold front passage in the Winter. This sighting occurred during a humid summer evening when seeing was excellent (although transparency was terrible). Years later when lasers were developed the projected image of a ruby red laser on paper looked somewhat similar. We watched the object drift slowly across the sky until it disappeared over the western horizon. It was interesting to note that it appeared the same angular size when it went over the horizon as it was overhead which I inferred to mean that it was very large and very far away.

In my countless nights of observing since(as an amateur and as a professional) I have seen other odd events but nothing as good as this incident. I have recently join MUFON and as I am retired I don't have to concern myself with others opinion that I might be a bit strange.
