{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-11 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529010","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26530","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9262,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/010/mufon-5529010.json","updb_database_id":5529010}
1st red boomerang, 3 white non pulsing sphere, others flashing red, white, green solid-transparentish

Around 7:15 pm on Nov. 11, 2010 on North West side of San Antonio, I had just returned from the store for a last minute item I needed for dinner. I was alone and in a hurry because my daughter and her boyfriend were coming for dinner in about 45 minutes.
I arrived at my apt. which is on the 3rd floor and immediately started heating oil in a pan for chinese food. I then stepped outside onto the balcony for a quick cigg. when I immediately noticed a boomerang object that was solid red not very large, very slowly traveling East to West out in front of me approx. 6-8 hundred yards away moving silently. Very slow. It really looked like boomerang because when it kinda tilted you could see the shape although it was dark but not pitch black out. 
Note: I have been watching the sky at dusk and night every day since my daughter told me to look up El Paso incident. And, I have seen a few strange things which I'll mention later.
Anyway, three white objects, shere like appeared, I didn't see where they came from as I was watching the boomerang,they had solid white lights-non flashing, silent and they kinda flew in a triangular pattern right there in front of me about 400 yards away. They would move closer together and then apart 2 kinda together and one lower below at maybe 10 yards from the other two. They would just stop and hover, not moving, and then start again, moving around.
I then looking out at the sky for anything else, saw two helicopters in the distance, one coming from the East and the other from the North, coming towards my location. 
Suddenly, other objects just started appearing in front of me, nothing and then a flash of light one was flash of red and then it was there and just appeared, they were appearing from different parts of the sky, which was still clear as I could see the stars above the objects. These new objects looked kinda roundish would flash different colored lights, red, green, white with no patterns to them flash and then nothing go blank then turn back on. They were slowly moving around in the sky, some would move toward each other as if to collide but veer away from each other, maybe 8 things there in the sky.
The helicopters were coming closer, but moving futher North -West of where the red boomerang object was, as the helicopters came closer angling in as if corraling, but not close to it, they all three flew beyond my line of sight due to the apt. complex on the right.
The other pulsing-flashing objects were still there just kinda dancing around some appeared kinda, not transparent but light, I don't know how to describe them. 
Then from the West, from behind the West apt. ccomplex appeared something that had 6 smallish solid white lights, it came into view from West going very slowly East but only short distance beyond apt. complex and then it just started in opposite direction without turning. it was coming maybe 10 yards beyond complex and then just reversed itself, so I never saw the other side of it but it was the largest object out there the whole time this occurred.
I was at that point scared but amazed at what I was seeing, I wished someone else was with me to bear witness to what was happening.I wished I had a camera or video camera with me but they are packed in storage as I recently moved here to SA. I wish I could describe better what was occuring before my eyes, but it was so strange to see.
To understand my line of sight, as I said, I'm on the third floor, immediately to my right as I face North, there is a apt. complex. Otherwise, my view is open as far as the horizon to the North and a good amount of the East.
I could see in the distance other helicopters heading towards my direction from afar, from the East and from over the apt. complex to the West.
Note SA airport is to the West of me but I don't know how far away exactly. So I hear and see planes coming in and departing all day and night. There was no air plane traffic going on during this. Only helicopters could be seen except for the strange objects still out there in front of me.
These objects were not planes, nothing moves like they were moving that I am aware of. Its hard to explain it and as it was happening for approx. 10 minutes, I had already ran in the apt. to turn off the oil, The lights-objects were still flying around very strange like, circling each other darting here and there, some would "turn off" suddenly disappearing and reappear- very odd.Some of them looked kinda clear w- no lights on some pulsing red, white, green as I said no patterns to lights flashing.
As the helicopters came closer they started leaving
some kinda drifting away slowly, others just rapidly headed out towards the East- futher East than the copter coming in, some just blinked out and I couldn't see them.
I decided I wanted to see what was happening from the front of the apt. complex which is facing North but I thought I might be able to see futher West to see what was going on, I ran-quickly walked down three flights stairs and made my way to the front of the complex, I really couldn't see anything so I headed back upstairs to the balcony{I had already lit another cigg. before I decided to go downstairs and it was still lit when I returned}Igrabbed my phone on the way in and took pic but it didn't come out. 
Some, maybe 3-4 objects were still out there, they didn't appear to be in hurry, I couldn't see the helicopters but could hear them somewhere.
During this time frame, maybe 15 minutes, I watched them a few minutes, buzzing around when helicopter came in from above me, the remaining objects just left in different directions.
I called my daughter and told her what had been happening and told her to look out to see if she could see anything.. but she didn't. She said she was on her way and wished she had been here to see. 
I kept watching the sky and didn't see anything but helicopters circling in the distance towards the front of me and out of sight to the West and East. I did hear, I think two large air craft flying over but didn't see them. I saw one large, maybe jet, flying relatively slowly for them go overhead maybe 10 minutes later I guess. I didn't see any of the regular air craft flying but the helicopters would come into sight maybe 5 of them.
I did go inside and grabbed my laptop and looked up the UFO Report site and called a cell # that was listed ( 360-591-1481] and left brief message as to what had occured with my call back #.
My daughter and her BF arrived and I told them kinda what had happened but I was kinda freaked out about the whole thing.
Of course, they were starving and I hadn't finished dinner so I went inside and prepared dinner for approx.40 minutes but I felt pretty disorganized and it isn't the way I normally am, I would get goosebumps on my arms when I thought about what had happened.
The whole time I made dinner, I kept the balcony door open, with the a/c running just to see or hear anything fly over and would look out the door every once in a while. Nothing except the copters.
So, what did I see? I don't know. When my daughter and her BF left, I sat out side for a while but didn't see anything else. I did check SA airport for arrivals and departures and all where on time. They didn't come in from this direction that I could see the whole time maybe 2 hrs had passed. 
I checked before I went to bed and this morning and nothing was reported. Do you have any information as to what happened last night?
I am a, relatively, normal person, married 25 years with two children at UTSA.
At the beginning of this report, I stated that I had seen a few strange things: I saw a few weeks ago a blue light flying toward me from the North, it really scared me as I thought it was a UFO, I even told my daughter that IT WAS COMING and to come see. As it came closer I could hear it was a helicopter but its front light was blue, as it passed directly overhead, flying really low, I could see it was a black helicopter with a strange flat looking tail.
Another time, maybe 2 1/2 weeks ago saw a brillant white- strobe light object off to the East flying rapidly away, but I could see that brillant white strobe like light for a long time until it left out of sight.
My husband and I recently discussed UFOS and he said if you really saw one there would be no doubt in our mind because he once was strange white light while driving South ON I-35 towards Laredo. I kinda teased him about it because I guess seeing is believing....
So, if you know anything about what happened last night please let me know.
