{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-20 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469010","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91536","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2180,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/010/mufon-5469010.json","updb_database_id":5469010}
Looked like a hovering rock with trails above it, red, moving NW towards Dundas from Stoney Creek

Witnessed a very bizarre object tonight and would love an explanation. Thought it was a plane creating an optical illusion, then noticed a flock of birds pass behind it, giving a better understanding of its elevation and nearness. Called my son and grabbed the binoculars. Having a hard time describing what we were looking at. Seemed like a boulder, rough edged round object slowly moving through the air. Long trails above it giving the impression of contrails behind a plane, but were rising skyward. They were a deep blood red, though the sun was setting in orange. Could still be a reflection, but a different colour. Thought maybe something floating to the surface but it did not descend, just continued moving towards Dundas, hovering and moving slowly like a hot air balloon but not. There is a flag in the yard next door. Air current was towards Lake Ontario. This thing was moving in a different direction. After 20 minutes it would have travelled to the end of the Lincoln Alexander towards Dundas. Still stumped - almost looked like a picture of a meteor descending, then stopped and just floated.
The long "contrails" looked like tentacles after awhile, and never changed or dissipated even though there was a breeze. We tried to get pictures with an iPhone, and my son used the phone to get a picture through the binoculars. It was NOT a plane. Grey, round, totally weird. Would love to see someone else post better pictures - noticed two other reports in this area tonight.
