{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-29 17:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514010","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44234","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6243,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/010/mufon-5514010.json","updb_database_id":5514010}
{nd} Driving home down River Rd. Spotted UFO 5 Bright Lights coming towards me. When it passed, I turned and followed.

Let me first say that I love aviation, and have always followed the latest tech, and the old tech since I was a child. I am pretty good at spotting aircraft in the sky and deducing what it could be. What I saw in the sky November 29th, and 5:05 PM driving my usual way home from work I can not explain what I saw in the sky. 

I left work at 5:00pm, I headed down River Rd. The sun had set, but the horizon still had an orange/reddish glow at this time of day. Anyhow, as I approached the top of a hill along River Rd, and drove pass the monastery of St Claire on my right, I saw 5 Bright Lights on the horizon running parallel off the right side of the road in front of me. My first reaction was, "That is odd, 5 bright lights close together descending ever so slightly from left to right, what aircraft is this?" I typically see aircraft flying in this same area, but usually they are easy to identify with their red/green wing light tips. When I don't know what an object is, if I see those tip lights on the wings I know its something registered. 
Im traveling approximately 35 mpg at the time of the sighting, and I know the road soon dips and goes beneath a tree cover. I did not want that to happen until I identified the craft. I slowed my speed down to about 20mph as the craft got closer. As this happened 2 Bright Lights went away, and a Red Light appeared under the middle light. It was coming directly parallel off to my right side but so close I couldnt look out my passenger side window. I had to lean forward against my wheel to watch the craft fly to the right and above me. It was so close, the altitude was no more then 700 ft, and the craft was no more then 100 yards away it appeared. At this time, Im taking as many observations of this craft. The leftover glow from the sun lit up the underside of the craft just enough for me to see the surface under the front light. The surface of the craft was silvery metallic looking. The 3 bright lights were in a triangle pattern underneath the craft. The Red light was centrally located underneath this craft. The shape of this craft was either a boomerang or a Triangle. I say this because when the light lit it up for a second and I could see the surface I saw the surface go from the center of the light out to the 2 outer lights, but saw darkness in between the two outer lights. This was the closest I got to this craft. I put my windows down, shut the music off, and listened very closely pass the road noise. This thing did not make a whisper. I couldnt hear the sound of a propeller or of a jet engine. In the glow of the sun, I did not witness anything that could have been considered an engine at all. The object appeared to just glide in the sky and a slow but steady pace. With this type of pace and altitude, a jet would have not been able to maintain lift, and with the speed and altitude a propeller driven aircraft would have been very easy to identify. 
As the craft passed into the blind spot above my car, I looked for the nearest road to turn around in. I had to take my eyes off it for about 10 seconds, I was hoping that when I turned around and came back I could see it off my left. When I picked it back up again, I was behind the craft. At this point I could make out the bright lights. I drove back north hoping to park in a wide open field off to my left and watch this craft. It had changed direction while I turned around and was moving away. The directional change appeared to happen without any banking at all from the craft. It was close to a 90 degree directional change. I was watching it move away but the lights had all culminated to appear as one, with the red light visible underneath. I turned left and parked at the entrance to a school "Melmark of New England." Here I had a great view of most of the horizon with trees off to my right. At this time I noticed 2 other airplanes in the area off in the horizon. They were not anywhere close to the craft I was watching. These other two planes I could make out the Red/Green wing light tips instantly and they were moving much quicker along the horizon.  
  The sighting ended when the light of the craft in the distance seemed to stop becoming smaller, and got brighter and bigger, then moved to the right heading eastward off in the distance. At this point, it was miles away from me. Once it went into the trees, I continued on my way home. The total sighting time for me lasted from approximately 5:05 to 5:11 EST. 
  With my experience with aircraft, and my knowledge of aircraft and aviation, I cannot identify what this was. I cant even categorize this as Jet propelled or Prop Propelled because I didn't hear or see either one of these. The movement of this aircraft was very slow but graceful like. It covered a lot of ground within 6 minutes. The lights on the aircraft were unusually brighter then aircraft I typically see at night. I have also never seen an aircraft that had lights in a perfect triangular pattern with a Red light just as bright directly in the center. I would love to know what this craft is! Its a UFO until further notice, I am hoping that other people had witnessed this, but as it was night time, most people dismiss lights in the sky as "a plane" As the sighting escalated, I felt almost euphoric, and in disbelief, I couldnt understand what I was looking at! I still don't know. To generalize this craft, it was low, it was slow, it was big, made no noise, none of the typical navigation lights required by FAA law.
