{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498010","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61250","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3809,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/010/mufon-5498010.json","updb_database_id":5498010}
{nd} It pulsates and moves to the left, while stars move to the right. First night we saw it in the west. Now it's more east.

My husband, son and I - as well as numerous other people around here - have been seeing some weird lights in the sky. 

About 2 weeks ago, we were on our deck (which faces west) about 7:30 pm and something bright and flashing caught our eye. We looked through binoculars and whatever it was, it was flashing red-yellow-blue. We walked up on our hill, and it was moving back and forth - we used a house on another hill to gauge the location. We tried using the telescope, but no luck. We were puzzled - and got cold, so we went back in the house.  

A few nights later, we were on our front porch (faces east) about 7:30 - 8:00 pm and saw the flashing light again. Again, we looked through binoculars and saw the same thing. Again, we were puzzled, but got cold, so we went in the house.  

The next night, November 3, we went out to look again, and sure enough, it was there. (same time) I tried taking videos, but when I published it to the computer, you can't tell that much of anything is there. I did put a post on Facebook - as well as contact my neighbors. My neighbors went out and saw it too. Some people on Facebook posted that they saw it as well. Of course, some people insisted that we were seeing something else - the blimp from the Steeler game (no way we could see the blimp in Pittsburgh from our house in Belle Vernon! People from Belle Vernon to Bentleyville to Smithton saw the flashing lights.) Some said that it was the lights from Fox's Pizza, about 2 miles away reflecting off of an inversion. (That pizza shop has been there for quite some time, yet we have never seen this before. Not to mention that they do not have a "bat signal" light on top of their roof - they only have lights around their windows.) Others said that it was a satellite. (We star gaze sometimes and have seen satellites. Satellites move. Fast. This did not.) My cousin said that it could be a star. (I wouldn't think a star would be in the west, and then just a week later, be at the front of our house at around the same time in the evening!) I just don't know! My husband drug our son's telescope down, and he had a heck of a time getting it locked on to the light. When he finally did, he said that the lights seemed to be in an octagon-ish shape, flashing around the outside. (I tried to look, but clumsy me bumped the legs and I didn't get to see it.)  

That night, when we were going to bed, we noticed the same bright flashing light out of our bathroom window, so we went back outside. This video that I attached was taken at about 12:30 at night. There is a house across the road from us, and directly above the house were 3 lights in a vertical line. There were two of these flashing things on either side of that line. (I wasn't able to capture both of them in the same frame.) We were very puzzled about there being two of them! But once again, we got cold and went back in the house. 

But regardless, whatever it is, it's out there again tonight.
