{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506010","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52810","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2586,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/010/mufon-5506010.json","updb_database_id":5506010}
Glowing orange lights, twinkling white lights and randomly moving white lights.

I had a friend came with me tonight and we saw many different kinds of things. It was around midnight. A small tiny light in the sky that went in circles and zig zags in a tiny area. it was directly above our heads but way far up in the sky. We watched it for about 20 minutes and it didn1t stop it1s loops and circles and totally random seeming patterns.
Then there was a flashing green and red object that would fly straight over the horizon (they are always about 30-40 feet above the houses) for 10 seconds then either turn around or go backwards for another 10 seconds. We saw this happen over and over again 22 times before we kept walking. We sat on a bench and lined up the light with a few trees and noticed that it only flew at the same altitude and when it hit one spot, it changed color (red to green) and when backwards, then when it hit a point it turned back to the other color and went forwards. Flashing green in one direction and red in the other direction.
We saw some lights that would start as a small yellowish glow. The glowing ball would get bigger and bigger until it would shoot off into the distance. Sometimes it would change into the white/green and red blinking lights and go away. Sometime the glow was bigger than the street lights.
There were objects that would twinkle white lights. Flashing and then something weird would happen and the lights would shutter or twinkle or something. And then they would just disappear. The lights were so strange. We didn't know what they were. My friend couldnt believe what she was seeing. She said there was no explanation. The lights were all so different that we saw in 1 night that it couldnt have been explained by 1 thing like some kids sending a remote controlled plane in the area or anything. It was exciting and we just couldnt explain what we were witnessing. It could have been something explainable, but we didn't know what it was.
