{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-20 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452010","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109635","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5150,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/010/mufon-5452010.json","updb_database_id":5452010}
Three orbs circling each other very bright light blue and white came over us.

Facing East my family eating dinner outside very clear whether day. Few clouds. Something told me to look up, so I did and straight above me, but informed me I saw these very bright glowing blue and white lights. they were kind of circling each other a little bit, staying close to each other separating and then coming back together. Never as one solid object. It seemed to be at least two and then when I zoomed in, it was three when I looked back at the video. Possibly for not sure. If there were four definitely saw three.

I've been doing Dr. Steven Greer CE5 practicing vectoring my location for them to come. Been doing this for several days if not weeks. I visualized them following the Washington Monument heading north toward the bay. When you see the Bay Bridge and the key bridge. I'm in the middle start heading west toward a cove water area with large rocks just beyond a drawbridge on Fort Smallwood Road. there is a neighborhood on a peninsula over above it, you'll see a large field. My house is behind the chain fence backstop were baseball is played. Directly behind. This object followed that path exactly in the sky. Then Heading northwest until he couldn't see past the trees. But it stayed the same altitude. If it were balloons. It would have gone higher so I couldn't see it anymore. That's why I believe it was not balloons.

when you see these bright blue and white reflections almost like the sun was coming off of it, but it was constantly entire time across the sky. I imagine at some point; the reflection of the sun would have been lost. So, it looks like they were admitting their own right, extremely bright lights on a very bright day. It would have to be very bright to see them as the sun is out, but they were clear and very abnormal in brightness, movement, color as you don't see those things. Much every day at all. It definitely was not any airplane, even though I am on the air path of airplanes coming and going toward BWI airport. So, I've seen plenty of aircraft. This definitely did not politically. It made no noise. 

When you zoom in it's really clear what I'm saying...

I'm not sure if there was a party in the neighborhood at the moment when, after this event. Shortly after, maybe minutes I started hearing some noise, but it sounded like an electronic mix with drumbeats. Almost a little tropical but then it stopped after a few minutes and there were no sounds in the neighborhood or any music like that. I didn't think to make a recording of the sound because earlier in the day there was what I was told a parade even though I didn't see myself. There is also a bar. The broken ore on the water. I can sometimes hear their music from my house.

keeping on the lookout for more hoping they will come closer and next time I'll have more equipment signal and record and verify hopefully as I get more equipment.

I also had an incident when I was seven years old in my backyard. it had green scaly looking skin and large dark eyes. it opened up the curtain of my tree fort and stood right in front of me. I was too afraid. So, I ran. I will have to fill a separate report for that I believe. But there's a lot of details in my book. If you're interested. LIFE! It Must Be a Comedy. On Amazon. It’s also on my website www.RobertFlorio.com

I also found a video that I recorded last year. Where I believe on my computer screen went black and a program screen popped up with answers to a question I was shouting out in my room for answers. I should submit that video, but it was a different time. Not sure if all of these should be separate. If they aren't different days.

Also, I saw a huge craft that was about 30 airplanes long looked like it was invisible like a watermark retro reflection pedals. Almost like an arrowhead in the sky. This took place last year as well.

now I'm waiting for a visit and someone walked past my window with a silhouette transparent white form. All I could see was the top of the head. this as well happened earlier this year or lashing.
