{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-08-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459010","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102509","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4027,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/010/mufon-5459010.json","updb_database_id":5459010}
{jpg} over 4 different types ..multiple colors and shapes..over 160 total crafts

From between 9:30 p.m. on August 3rd 2019 to 6 a.m. on August 4th 2019 I witnessed cross shaped crafts pulsating green then red and then white and some of these crafts also were strobe lighting the green and red and white colors which travel generally in a straight path with no sound I saw a proximately 25 to 30 of that type. I also witnessed solid orbs the color of orange or yellow that travels in a straight path with no Direction Change no sound and left no Trail eyewitness approximately 5 of those. I also witnessed triangular shape crafts which had lights at each point of the triangle that blink red and also in the center had a singular solid red light that never blinked or Flash. These crafts did change speed direction and altitude frequently with no sound. I witnessed approximately 10 to 13 of those. 
I also witnessed solid white colored dish shaped crafts which had just a fluorescent white light covering the hole crafts resembling a star. Those crafts formed multiple patterns from straight lines to half circles. They also formed triangles hexagons and also were singular in the sky as if they were mocking Stars some of these strobed brightly colored fluorescent lights of all colors from green to red to blue to Yellow to purple some were also completely fluorescent White with no change. these crafts would change thier pattern on occasion but most stayed in thier original pattern that was formed. Also some of these crafts seem to appear as a regular star in the sky that was stationary and then rapidly ascend back out of our atmosphere and the extreme speed left a vapor trail. It also seemed as if these crafts that were singular were acting as controls or guards for the crafts that formed shapes or other patterns. Most of these types of pattern crafts or singular Starlight crafts did not move rapidly but extremely slow if not stayed hovering for a period of Of 6 hours or more. I witnessed at least 100 of these types of crafts. These are the only types of objects that I witnessed that stayed in the sky until the sun had risen and then they either cloaked themselves or ascended out of my view but as the last of the Starlight crafts had left I witnessed either a radar airplane or some other extreme high altitude observing type plane make at least four round trips through the exact area where the last of those objects were last seen at around 7:30 am on 8/4/19 During this 8 to 9 hour event I witnessed several regular aircraft as well as what I presume to be military aircraft in the vicinity and it did not affect the path pattern or any other change to any of the crafts that I witnessed. Also during this entire event witnessed a humming sound that could also be felt as a slight vibration in my ear and I also heard a swishing sound from time to time maybe four separate occasions and Only One Singular humming sound that permeated for approximately 35 seconds. I cannot tell which crafts made these sounds but I know for certain that it was not any of are regular aircraft that we are used to. This was the third night in a row that I have witnessed some of these crafts the first two nights we're only for a brief. Of time and I only noticed the triangle shaped crafts and the cross shaped crafts that pulsated or flashed the green white and red light. I witnessed those the previous two nights before this experience
