{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-30 06:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515217","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42948","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4231,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/217/mufon-5515217.json","updb_database_id":5515217}
{dr}rectangular craft w three lights on a straight path stopped, hovered, and disappeared

Rectangular craft w three lights on a straight path stopped, hovered, and disappeared

I was driving to work early on Sunday morning (9/30/12). I was headed down rt 33 east from Hanover toward Richmond. I first saw something strange in the sky near the Farrington fire department. I noticed three white lights in a straight line flying very low over the tree line to the left of the road about a half mile away. It seemed strange to me because there is a tower in the area and it was flying very close to the bottom set of flashing lights on the tower. Although it seemed strange, I dismissed it as being a helicopter. I thought maybe there had been an accident and they needed to land the med-evac helicopter or something. I paid it no further attention and continued on my drive. This must have happened about 6:10am.

I continued east on rt 33. I passed by the junction for 295 and as I came to the stoplight, I noticed three white lights in a straight line coming from the left side of the road, moving faster than an airplane that was that close normally would. I am not very good at estimating distances, but if I had to guess, it looked like it was about where the Martins grocery store was, no more than a half mile away. If I had to guess how high it was, I would say no more than a five story building. I would say it was about 3 times as big as I would expect an airplane to look at that distance. It was 6:15 to 6:20 at this point.

I stopped at the stoplight. There was only one other car on the road with me; it was behind me. I continued to watch this thing, and it just seemed so strange because it began to slow down. As it slowed, I could see that the three lights were part of a dark rectangular object. Imagine a rectangle, short and wide with 3 white lights evenly spaced along the top edge of the rectangle. I started to feel like I was looking at something really unusual, and that it was definitely not an airplane or a helicopter. The object came to a stop almost directly in front of me. When it stopped, the lights moved from being parallel to the ground to being at a 45 degree angle to the ground. The lights seemed brighter and the dark object was not visible anymore. At that point, the stoplight turned green. I was really scared. I didn't want to go towards this thing, but being the first car at the light, and having another car behind me, I couldnt just stop. I slowly began to cross the intersection. Just as I cleared the intersection, the three lights went down to just a pinpoint of light and it just disappeared. It became one light and disappeared so quickly, it was like flipping a switch, it happened in a fraction of a second. My initial reaction was sheer terror, I knew i had seen something really unusual. I wanted to somehow stop the car behind me and confirm what just happened. I spent several years living outside of an air force base when my husband was in the military, so I am used to seeing all kinds of planes and helicopters up close, and this was not like anything I have ever seen before. All day long, I was filled with a sense of dread about going home in the dark that evening, fearing that I might see something else in the sky. It seemed so easy before to dismiss UFO sightings as simple misidentification of known objects, and I am really surprised at how seeing what I saw effected me emotionally. It scared me so much I was on the brink of tears even later that night when I told my husband about it. I am very interested in talking to anyone else who might have seen this too.
