{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-05-15 16:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288217","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115152","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3514,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/217/mufon-5288217.json","updb_database_id":5288217}
My encounters over a number of years

Hello,
This has been with me for years. I will keep it simple for now. In the early 70's. 72-74. I was working on my model rocket, and was having trouble with the shuttle part. The lift rocket balanced well , but the Shuttle simple would not fly. I was listening to the radio, and abruptly the radio became static. Frustrated with both the radio and my rocket, stopped and decided to sit on the back stoop and think over why my "Orbitor" would not glide. I was facing east. To my left was a round object. Years later I noticed the death star looked like my craft. I watched the craft for an indeterminate time. The radio came back on. I looked again and the "Reflection of the Moon" was gone. I sat at my work table again, and I had my solution. The angle of my wings were wrong. It was as though I had an advisor telling me. A "sponsor". I removed them and made an adjustment. It flew better that I could believed. Later (1975-1976?) while I was in middle school in McAlester Oklahoma , my parents and I were returning from home from Church. We got out of the car, and there was an object brighter that a full moon. 
it was ery high and traveling from south to north. My father, a former AF Staff Sgt. was yelling at me to "Get in the damn house." I was mesmerized and watched it until it slowly disappeared to the North of me. (My parents never wanted to talk about this event and seemed to be oblivious to the earlier sighting. I built several models and they all flew well. Ever Paper plane Folded, no matter how non conventional, flew. I High School I stared drawing and designing aircraft. I won several wards. I also designed an ROV and a submarine that had an angled area at the bottom of the sail. At one science fair an Airforce Captain Came by. I was used to it because the recruiters in the area were judges. I" do not remember his name, but we had a very long conversations about the aircraft, and he asked what else I had. I explained my other work. "This would fly, you just need to bury the engines in the fuse. Is this you only drawing. I explained it was a print. "May "I keep it?" I gave him one of several I had. He Left. a short time later two Air Force Sgts. approached mr and introduced themselves as my AF judges. I explained that a Cpt had come by and done so. They looked at each other and said "Um, son we ARE your judges." I continued my design work until the end of school. One day in the summer just before I entered Eastern Oklahoma State College, I found a festered lump on my arm. A squeezed it and a 2 mm long , .5 mm white milky rod. Once it was out, it crumbled and became a powder that disappeared. So did my visions of aircraft. My collage career was not very good. I simply no longer had the knowledge. Later I did see some of my work flying. 
That's my story. I really doubt anyone will believe it. I jst had to share it. 
Thanks
