{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-05-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503217","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55741","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3587,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/217/mufon-5503217.json","updb_database_id":5503217}
{rjl} SEEN UFO while pulling security for u.s. Army and Special forces. 2004 afghanistan

Hello I'm A ARMY Vet. that witnessed a U.F.O. while working security for the Special Forces. Sometime in 2004 we "as in my army unit" seen this huge craft that hovered above us. it was so close I could have thrown a rock and hit it. it seemed like it came outta no where. It floated over one of the mountain's from the south, east of the base we built. it made no noise and you could not see it with the naked eye. How we seen it was, threw night vision goggles. it looked like a light bulb but it was a sphere. you could almost see threw it, but it was glowing. it lite up the ground with its I.R. lights but you could not see this craft with out that night vision. when we seen this thing everybody stopped and was like amazed, are in awe. as we observed this craft. It was hovering about 50-100 ft. in the air its speed was around 5-10 mph. its was about 100 yards from the outside perimeter of our base camp the west side of our base. it hovered for about a mile north of us and our camp and as we was watching this craft our commander was inside the base camp about a 1/4 mile to the south/east of our position. also seeing this craft and he got on the radio and announced to get back to work its nothing. The craft everyone's looking at. I was a on the mark 19 we had it mounted on the back of a Humvee. my squad leader was in the passenger seat and a friend of mine was in the driver seat. we was pulling roaming security from one traffic control point to the other. from the south of the base to the north of our base camp. AFTER our commander said get back to work we watched this craft for about 10 more mins before we had to turn around and head back north. The craft stopped about 1/4 mile northeast of our position and it stopped an a camp fire that these goat/cow hearder's had made. the ufo shot out a beam at the hearders camp but we couldn't see the base of the fire just the flickering of it on the backside of the mountain. We was cut off from seeing what they was doing with that beam of light. in the mean time my squad leader stopped watching and wanted to go back to work so the specialist turned the Humvee around and we started driving north to the north T.C.P. and I wanted to finish watching this craft but we lost sight of it when we left. a hill was blocking our view the same hill that was blocking the beam that we seen. after a min of driving north I seen that it took off from the hearders camp. it took off so fast at a 90 degree angle straight up into outter space. it seamed like the lights on the craft had a delayed reaction cause the craft took off so fast. like its lights took a few sec's to catch up to the craft. it left at an alarming rate it made dashes of light into the sky. never to be seen again. first time I told any one about this beside my family. This is just a brief description of what happened. I wanted to try and make a 3-d recreation of what happened.
