{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-02 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511217","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47153","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3879,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/217/mufon-5511217.json","updb_database_id":5511217}
Three very bright reddish orange lights in a large triangle formation/shape, no sound, just hovering. We observed for a couple of minutes then they dissappeared.

On 2 May 2013 at approx. 9pm at our home in Chilliwack, BC, Canada our 12 year old son looked out of our South facing upstairs bathroom window (it was open at the time due to unseasonably warm weather we are having this month) as he was about to brush his teeth for bedtime and immediately noticed some strange lights. He yelled out to us and my husband went to see what the fuss was about, my husband then called out in a serious tone that there was something strange in the sky.

I then went to the bathroom window and looked out. There were three very bright reddish orange lights that were sitting right there in the night sky in a very large triangular formation/shape. They were immediately noticeable because of their brightness. They seemed to be about the height of what a small airplane would fly at.

These three lights were not blinking, they were not shimmering in any way, they were a distinctive red/orange colour. It was slightly overcast/cloudy and these lights appeared to be below the cloud. We could not see any other stars or anything else in the sky when looking towards the South sky at that time.

We heard no noise and the bathroom window was open. My first thought was oh my god is that a UFO? because the lights were like nothing I had seen before. Chilliwack has a small airport and we are use to seeing small planes flying around in the valley here at night. These lights looked nothing like an airplane. I tried to keep an open mind. My husband and I talked back and forth for a few seconds trying to figure out what the lights were. Maybe three helicopters? But there was no blinking lights and I observed the lights to be stationary. No upwards, no sideways, no downward movement, although my husband and son after the sighting said the three lights were moving very slowly "towards our house" from south to north. They described this movement as if the lights were in formation or attached to one object that was moving, they said the lights did not appear to move separately.

I observed the lights for about 15-20 seconds before running downstairs to get my camera. My son and daughter followed me. My husband stayed upstairs looking out of the open bathroom window.

I immediately got my camera and rushed out onto our south facing back deck. My son had also grabbed his camera and followed me. This all happened very quickly, but as I looked up as I was pulling my camera from its case and found the lights more difficult to locate due to the tree tops of the creek next to our back yard the lights just disappeared. My son and daughter said they could see one black dot right where the lights had been. I could not see this and said they have better vision than me! My son said the black dot moved slowly to the South West before disappearing as well "into the cloud" he said.

This whole sighting took less than 3 minutes.

We were all very excited and could not believe what we had observed. We talked about it for quite some time. We all kept saying "That was so weird!" We had no explanation. I have never observed anything unidentifiable in the sky before.
