{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-13 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458217","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103327","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4802,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/217/mufon-5458217.json","updb_database_id":5458217}
{cak} Three pulsing, hovering lights seen in east Portland for 5 minutes, then they flew northwest.

We were taking a walk in our neighborhood after dinner on the evening of September 13. Around 7:58 p.m., we were walking along Sacramento Street, which is on the south side of the hill directly overlooking Rose City Golf Course and Rose City Park. Facing south from Sacramento Street, we were astonished to see three very bright white, twinkling lights in the sky. They were each about the size of my pinky fingernail, which doesn't seem very large, but compared to the size of stars in the sky, these twinkling lights were huge and they were obviously something other than stars. 

I can't guess the actual size of the objects or their distance, but it appeared that they were hovering above and to the side of Mt. Tabor, just a few miles south of us. 

We kept expecting these lights to move, but they remained perfectly still in the sky, all the while twinkling and giving off a bright white glow. About a minute later, we decided to capture some video on our phone. I apologize that the three videos we took are such poor quality, but I will do my best to explain in words what we witnessed. 

After a minute or two of hovering in the sky with no sign of movement, the light that was furthest to the right suddenly began to move in a northwesterly direction. It flew about as fast as a commercial aircraft or perhaps a little faster. We are just a few miles from Portland International Airport and the Air National Guard base, so perhaps that's where this unidentified pulsing white light was headed. Both are northwest of here.

After this white light had a decent head start flying northwest, the second light (the one that had been stationed in the middle) suddenly grew slightly larger, as if it were coming closer to us or simply expanding its wattage or aura or whatever you would call the diameter of its pulsing white light. But just as I thought it would come closer, it disappeared. It either ducked behind a cloud, or else the light turned itself off. I'm not sure which. It happened rather quickly, and we did not capture that moment on camera. 

A moment after this second light vanished, a dim light suddenly appeared behind a thick grey cloud at a much higher altitude, and I knew the light was taking cover there. With our eyes, we followed this dim light as it moved to the right and then emerged from behind that cloud. It then flew northwest, just like the first one. It was still white and twinkling or pulsing. We couldn't make out its shape.

By then, we were talking excitedly about what we'd seen. I'm not sure if the third light followed the other two, or if it just vanished. I made the mistake of looking away.

The entire sighting lasted about six minutes for us. It was very puzzling, and I've spent all day wondering about it. I'm not fearful, just curious as to what we saw. I've heard that DARPA is experimenting with high-altitude balloons on the East coast and that these balloons have been mistaken for flying saucers. Perhaps we now have DARPA balloons here on the West coast too? Or some other type of experimental aircraft.

I have never seen a UFO and I don't know if I believe in them. To be honest, I didn't even know what MUFON was until last night when I started doing research on the Internet to find out if anyone else in Portland had ever seen lights like this, and whether anyone had determined the cause. I did find a similar video posted to Youtube by a Portland man (it was MUFON Case #78601).

I am uploading three short videos. Two of them are silent because our voices were accidentally recorded, and I wanted to go into a video editing software to remove the audio. The third video has some audio on it, but it's just the sound of crickets. As far as I know, these twinkling white lights made no sound.
