{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-12 20:54:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478217","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81918","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2457,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/217/mufon-5478217.json","updb_database_id":5478217}
{jpg} There was no ufo but I have a picture of a full moon with light of the moon being streched making the moon look like a cross with how the light was drawn away from I would guess gravity like the picture of the sun I took showing the sun being oval.

After my graduation I went outside to have a cigarette with everyone else , I was looking at a almost full moon and I decided to take several pictures of it. I the look at the pictures and saw that the moon look light a bright shining cross, I showed several people at the graduation and they liked the pictures. The following several day I was amazed at the pictures and then I noticed on the left side of the moon where the circumference of the moon light should have been and the light was drawn away to make the moon look like a cross the light there was a face clearly behind the light the light division was like a clock points at 12 3 6 and 9 with the face between 9 and 12 I have shown this picture to over 60 people and the all have seen this face. The pictures in sequence show the face coming into view then full face and then its retreat. I have look for someone in my area to look at my photos and I am trying not to put them on social media yet, but if I cannot find someone with the right resources to help me I will have to do it, I know what I have is REAL, and I have over 60 people I have shown and they agree with the sighting, and the number is growing. You guys are the 4th organization I have tried and all of them have not replied back, I hope you will I have the real thing and I have concrete proof please do not let me down. I will not give my rights up to my pictures I would rather give it to social media and let them be the judge but I want the credit but I am willing to share in it. So my pictures are with me if you want to see them and them on my digital camera.

Please respond

M.C.
