{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-16 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518019","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39644","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4885,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/019/mufon-5518019.json","updb_database_id":5518019}
{dr}Too many events to describe on this form

[Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]

I have too much information, too many sightings and too much activity to report in the form provided. Is there just an email address that I can send all of my files to?

I am a contactee. Like Stan Romanek, Dr. Leo Sprinkler has reviewed my case and is going to regress me and help catalog and build a chronological history. I am being visited by beings/entities from the spirit dimension; the inter-dimensional worlds and from extra-terrestrials. I have 4,000 photographs and numerous videos. 

My story is one of hope for humanity (although my personal life story is very challenging like so many of us that have been abducted our entire lives. I have a certified inplant in my left ankle and there is a scoop mark and a scare that moves around.

I live in constant paranormal experiences. Some are good and some are very nafarious. The video at the top of page will take you to my youtube channel...I don't know anything about doing this facebook and youtube stuff...you could say that I just crawled out from under a rock, having kept my experiences to myself for over 50 years. But the time has come. I understand what my job is here on earth and I am now ready to do the work I came here to do.

I will attach some photos. Yes, the Fairy is very real...see the video on my youtube page. The video at the top has many UFOs in it and I will send you the individual frames...and the original video if you want so you can dissect it if you want....there is too much to see for even a 1 hr video and I don't know how to edit video so I cant show people what is in there.  I have left my number and email address.  

We are in a war between good and evil. Straight up. I have had the crap kicked out of me by the dark side and I have plenty of those kinds of photos and experiences. I have cleared enough of those guys that I am pretty much protected by the beings of light and "the good" ufos. Not much more I can say about that. 

I have a lot to share...books worth now. But I want to focus on just these things: We are not alone. We have a lot of help...but you have to learn how to ask them to help you and visit you...and you have to work with them in a very specific way. When you learn how, they will allow you to take their photos/videos etc.  They are here to help us...and they can and will if asked. They like to be appreciated and valued and prayed for just like anyone else. I spent one year doing nothing else but working with these beings and of course fighting off the dark side.

Well, Ill send you more as soon as someone sends me an email address. Please know that I am not interested in any sensationalism...I am interested in healing the planet and helping mankind. I can call in what most people call ufos at will and I am told when and where to meet the beings.

I am going to meet the beings tonight up on a mountain top outside of Carbondale, Colorado. I will send photos tomorrow if you are interested and if they tell me I can.

One last thing...interestingly, I am very ill and I don't know how much longer I will be here. That is an entire other story, but true. I might only have a couplle of more months, maybe less or more depending upon whether I receive assistance from a higher source. AND FINALLY....I am not a nut case.

I am a recognized national hero. I hate using that word, but here are some links about me: (I am also the feature in the August 2001 edition for Readers Digest and I was on Good Morning America for my firefighting heroism...and on and on) links:

[Links moved to FI Section/cms/tg]

[Name, Phone number and email removed/cms/tg]
