{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-09-01 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504019","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54888","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3022,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/019/mufon-5504019.json","updb_database_id":5504019}
{kt}UFO hovered as lights blinked, then UFO ascended at an angle until gone.

This happened in 1973 but I would like to report it in case anyone else saw this at that time. I was 10 years old but I can still see this as clearly in my mind as if it happened yesterday. This event made me believe in UFO's throughout the rest of my life.

It was apx. 10:00 p.m. and I was with a family friend in the car as she drove to pick my mother up from work. We had just left the apartment where we lived on Fulton St. in Houston, TX. (Possibly close to Fulton and Cavalcade) I was in the passenger seat and was looking out the window as I usually did while riding in the car. It was dark out and we were driving down a short street with houses on it. I saw an object on my side of the car, above the trees, that was a circular shape. I know this because there were red and white circular lights (alternating in color) that were going around the object as they blinked off and on. They acted similar to Christmas runner lights I suppose... The object was stationary in the sky as the lights circled around. It seemed the lights were going around the bottom of the object... they seemed to be flat - on the underside of whatever this was. Both the red and white lights appeared to be the same size. The object didn't seem to be right at treetop level but a little bit higher than treetop.

When I saw this object, I immediately alerted our friend that was driving. We were going slow down this street (a stop sign was a little further ahead) and she looked out and saw the object too. I don't remember if she leaned over to look out my window or if she saw it from the back passenger window or what. I just remember that she saw the object too. She couldn't continue to watch it though because she was driving. (I spoke with this family friend a few days ago and she said she remembered seeing this object.)

As we continued toward the stop sign, the object began to ascend at an angle away from us. It just went up and up and up....the lights were still blinking and circling as it went up. We passed some trees that blocked my view of the object and by the time we got to the stop sign, the object was gone.

This all happened in less than one minute as we drove slowly down a street between our apartment and another road at the stop sign. The night was clear as I remember. It was clear enough for me to be able to see this object clearly.
