{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5443019","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118726","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3334,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/019/mufon-5443019.json","updb_database_id":5443019}
Triangular object w/ green lights hovering, keeping pace w/vehicle at 65mph.

My wife and I were traveling south on Route 11 somewhere between Canfield, and Columbiana OH when the sighting first occurred. Time was approximately 12:45AM EST. Not many cars headed in either direction. Traveling at about 65-70mph. We first noticed what looked like a super bright star that was an intense greenish turquoise at our 11 O'clock (SSE direction from us). Probably between 300-500 yards off the ground.

For about 2-3 minutes the object looked to stay in about the same position, but got slightly closer to us where it passed directly over our car. I was the driver so I wasn't able to accurately see the outline of the vehicle. But I am certain as it got closer there was a bright greenish light on the front, and two red lights parallel at the rear of the craft, with one of them blinking. The green light was VERY brilliant, and "crisp" almost like a super bright LED light. Not what I would typically see on a helicopter. We had our windows down without the radio on, and did not hear any type of propeller that you would expect to hear from a helicopter.

A few seconds later my wife was able to see it directly above us slightly to the west. She feels very confident that the craft was a solid triangular shape with rounded edges, as it was silhouetted in front of the cloud. She also saw a greenish light, with a red, and what she believed to be a white light in parallel. But, she said she was more focused on the outline of the craft that color/locations of the light.

For a few more minutes the craft essentially seemed to keep pace with us (approx 65mph) to our west, but getting slightly further in a westerly direction. After a few more minutes it seemed to fall behind us towards the WNW until we lost sight of it as we were driving through a wooded area.

Our thoughts on common craft as an explanation: Airplane: It was traveling/hovering too slowly to remain in the air, but also keep pace with us at 65mph.

Helicopter: My wife saw an outline of the vehicle as a triangle, and did not see any propellers. We also did not hear anything that would indicate a helicopter.

Drone: Unless there was someone driving in a car near us controlling the drone, we are not sure how it could have kept pace with us over that 5-7 mile distance at 65mph.

Balloon: The object came at us from the SSE, then kept pace with us at our west. Which is not a normal jet stream for the area to carry a balloon.

The craft did not make any erratic movements, but what was odd was that it kept pace with us while seemingly remaining silent.

Both observers are in their 30s, and did not have any alcoholic beverages that early morning/previous night.
