{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-03-30 23:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282019","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121452","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2761,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/019/mufon-5282019.json","updb_database_id":5282019}
Unidentified object flying approximately 400 feet altitude witnessed at an eighth of a mile proximately uninterrupted sight line

This happened approximately 15 minutes ago at 11:18 PM mountain standard time Fort Collins, CO 80525. This object was flying straight path north to south speed approximately 250+ miles an hour. This was a relatively quick sighting obviously 30 seconds to 40, happened very close and I got a very good look at the object which also was making zero noise. The object was cylindrical in shape almost cigar like it had a structure but was also yet transparent almost a skeletal structure and the rest of the vehicle was transparent white lights outlined the structure with a singular red light towards the front. The reason I believe it was transparent was I could see the lights of another flight higher in elevation behind it straight through the vehicle briefly. Range of sighting approximately eight of a mile elevation 400 feet. My determination of size feels accurate despite the sighting happening at night like I said it was very very close range I would approximate the size to be 30 to 35 feet in length approximately 10 feet in height. Location of sighting in front of my house. I was transfixed in watching it for approximately 15 to 20 seconds then I had the notion to try to take a picture or video what I had on me at the time was my iPad and unfortunately was not able to get my camera open fast enough to take a meaningful picture at the range I saw it clearest. I see helicopters operating the general flight path somewhat frequently and of course they are making tons of noise and they’re very obviously helicopters. It was far too big for me to have assumed it was a drone like I had mentioned approximate 35 feet in length. Drones are also very noisy and usually have the same general lighting array the normal aircraft do green red white. One last argument against drone is I know the air space that this craft was in is strictly off-limits to drones at the altitude it was operating. I’m hoping that you will get other corroborating witnesses to this event let me know what you think thank you for taking the time.
