{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-14 02:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286019","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117376","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3726,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/019/mufon-5286019.json","updb_database_id":5286019}
Observed silent craft moving N-S just over tree line.

Saturday 8/14 2:44AM.
I was driving westbound on Palm Canyon Drive and was stopping to make a right turn onto Sunrise Way Northbound, when I noticed a pair of dim white lights just to the right side of my windshield.
Initially I thought a landing airplane or helicopter as it was traveling at about the pace of a landing plane, but it then occurred to me that the airport is about 2 miles east of my location, with a SE-NW airstrip. I witnessed two dim white lights horizontal in the sky moving from my right to my left. 
The photos of the interersection I am including below show the moutains in the background, which are much more prominent and serve as the entire backdrop of the experience. So, no stars or anything in my field of view. Just the blackness of the mountains in the background.
Realizing there is no airstrip in this direction caused me to maintain attention on the object. I believed there were mountains just the next block over, so I was alarmed that this craft, whatever it is, would crash into the mountain less than 1/4 mile away. As I reviewed aerial maps of the location, it became clear that there is a valley here that it would have been able to traverse without changing direction at all.
I followed as the object traversed N-S at a very low altitude of maybe 150 feet at a horizontal trajectory. 
While I could see the somewhat dim lights clearly, I could not make out the shape of the craft until it passed out of view to the south behind the trees. It appeared to pick up some of the light from the street/buildings below (possibly a swimming pool?) and I was able to make out a cylindrical/cigar shape.
The craft itself was only lit with 2 dim lights in the fore and aft of the craft, and when it picked up light from below, I could briefly make out that these lights were slightly inset on the bottom of the craft. 
As mentioned, this craft was very low to the ground, within 50 feet of the tree tops. As you'lll see in the Google Map mockup that I made, it's path was within 300 feet in front of me, and crossed Palm Canyon Drive just behind the tall trees behind the white building on the corner. 
In my car, my windows were down as was my moonroof. My stereo was on but not playing at a loud volume, which I turned down when I began viewing the craft. If this were a plane or a copter, I would have not only heard it, but it would have caused my car to reverbarate. This craft was totally silent.
Moments after I moved on and traveled north on Sunrise, I chose to pull over and document my sighting while it was fresh in my mind. I pulled into the 7-11 parking lot at Sunrise and Vista Chino and reported my sighting to a UFO discussion group on Facebook in real time.
I would not rule out a military helicopter in stealth operations. However, from my online research so far, I've found that stealth choppers do not exist.
