{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-04-20 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492019","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67533","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6324,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/019/mufon-5492019.json","updb_database_id":5492019}
{jpg} A series of very real (what I believe to be) dreams while at the Military Intelligence School that involved typical

This is a series of three nocturnal experiences that I have always attributed this to dreaming, because I do not believe that extraterrestrial entities have made contact with humans, and I do not believe in "Alien Abductions". I have looked through your website, however, and I noticed that these dreams share many things in common with "abduction phenomenon". Though my opinion on the matter has not changed (I do not believe in space men, or alien abductions), I think that the collection, and analysis, of data regarding these sorts of experiences may be useful to researchers, so I have decided to share my story. If you do not find it useful, I assume that you will disregard it.

At the time, I was a student at the US Army Counterintelligence Special Agent course at the Military Intelligence school in Fort Huachuca, Arizona.

These three dreams occurred during, and in between, a series of UFO sightings. Such sightings were very common. Just about everybody I know who was stationed at Ft. Huachuca had at least one sighting, if not multiple sightings, during that period.

Shortly after these experiences my health began to fail, and continued sliding downhill. The doctors have attributed it to an unknown, and impossible to diagnose, immune disorder that causes rash, sun sensitivity, exhaustion, and constant pain in the body's connective tissue.

#1 - I came to awareness in a white room. There were metal medical implements in the room, and a large egg shaped chair in the center of the room. My father, who lived in a different state, was in a gown huddled in the corner. He was not present in his body, appeared to be drugged, and psychologically traumatized.

As I started to become more aware of my surroundings, I noticed that I too was wearing a gown, and went toward the window at the end of the room. Outside of the window was at least one other craft, disk shaped, and attached to the ground by way of a pillar of light.

In the sky, I could see the familiar blimp that floated above Fort Huachuca. From it's angle, and direction, I could tell that I was in the Huachuca Mountains above the military base. I could see lights from the post in the distance, between the ridges of two hilltops.

The area that we were in was a small valley in between several hills outside of post. I could see a figure approaching the craft that I was in. This craft was also attached to the ground by way of a pillar of light. I was high up off of the ground. The figure was short, with long arms, a silverish body suit, and carrying a silverish rod. He had the typical bulbous head and large almond eyes that I see described in your other reports.

I was terrified when I saw this figure. However, I was also very angry at the state my father was in, and the fact that I was trapped. My anger overcame my fear and I began shouting at the little man.

I screamed out of the window at him [removed/CMS/jpg] 

This surprised the little man. He stopped quickly in his tracks, pointed his rod at me, the rod began to glow, and then I lost consciousness again. When I woke up it was still night time outside, and I couldn't move. I was literally petrified in my bed. The window was open.

#2 - I was brought to awareness by a bulbous headed, almond eyed being. I was in a strange little cottage in a very synthetic looking Bavarian village. The entire village was encased in a white dome. This being communicated with me, but I never saw its mouth move. I had the impression that it was a male.

It explained to me that I had to accompany it to another building where I would have to talk to a panel, or group, of beings. It was trying very hard to give me the impression that I was somehow "chosen" or "special", which I didn't believe. If felt like a pride and ego up interrogation technique, so I didn't believe what he was saying.

He wore a cape with gold braids near the collar. The collar devices were golden castles. He pointed at them and said "This is you". He then escorted me out of the building, then touched me and caused me to lose consciousness.

Again, I awoke while it was still night, paralyzed, with an open window.

#3 - I came to awareness in my body as I was already yelling at something. I was in a white room filled with synthetic looking plants. I was being led by a large being with a large bulbous head and almond eyes. I was saying "You can't do this to people! I'm not doing this anymore! This is wrong! No! I'm putting my foot down!" I felt that this was about to be a physical confrontation.

The larger creature had no interest in fighting me, and instead appeared very calm and peaceful. He indicated that he would return momentarily. Within seconds of his leaving, another being entered. This one was shorter, with a smaller bulbous head, and smaller almond eyes. He was wearing a uniform, and appeared to be listening as I told him "This is wrong! You can't do this to people! I will fight you if you try to make me continue doing this!" He calmly raised an object in his hand that caused me to lose consciousness.

I awoke paralyzed in my bed. The window was open.

-------------

Though these dreams were as real as waking life is to me, I do not believe them to be actual abduction phenomenon, because I do not believe in the reality of abduction phenomenon. I believe that people are experiencing the result of some sort of strange brain activity. I share this in hopes that it may help researches see the commonalities between these types of dreams/hallucination, and perhaps one day offer a scientific explanation.
