{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496019","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63395","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3000,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/019/mufon-5496019.json","updb_database_id":5496019}
{cak} on the night of feb. 26 2013 7pm, saw large superstructure underneath a obviously huge ship hovering above a subdivision off of midlothian rd.

feb. 26 2013 7pm left my house to go to my girlfriend's. almost a mile onto Midlothian rd. I noticed a bright light to my right. as it came into view above the subdivision, I asked my girlfriend to stop. She stopped momentarily and i put the window down and stuck my head out to get a look and listen. it was completely silent and motionless hovering above the houses and trees at the top of the next hill (maybe 500-600ft) it looked like the top of a sky scraper with all the metal boxes etc turned upside down wrapped in a protective railing or fence with antennas and rods sticking out. it was surrounded by a ring of lights all facing the ground. the object above it was dark, the underside lights made it look more dark I'm sure, but I could not see the edges although the darkness above it kept the bright lights from going any higher than where they shone from. also the clouds were not lit from the bright array so the object blocked the light. (the city of mundelein directly to the north showed the light reflection from its own lights above it very clearly, this was black above it. the superstructure with its boxes,antenna's,lights,etc was at the center bottom of a huge black mass that sloped up on all sides. my girlfriend was fighting with me so she did not want to stop and look at anything, she yelled at me "Its a billboard!" and pulled onto midlothian road. I watched the object as long as I could untill the road turned and it went behind the trees and other obstructions. we returned to my house about an hour later because I had to sell a piece of equipment. the object was nowhere to be seen at that time, but the image has been stuck in my head ever since. I painted a picture right away although it doesn't have all the detail in the superstructure, it captured the basic image so I could show people what I saw. in the map photo i attached it was above the circle drive to the right of the oval park in the center of the photo. I will try when sam calls back to get gps info, not sure how to get this off of google earth.
