{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-29 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528019","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27580","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6085,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/019/mufon-5528019.json","updb_database_id":5528019}
Long line of orbs flying really low over my head

I was walking behind a strip mall(includes Hobby Lobby, Subway, etc) in Rockwall, TX. I'm nearly past the last bit of darkness behind those buildings, sorta caught up in my own thoughts at the time, but directly in my vision up above, light moving catches my attention. (and bear in mind that on this nite it is very clear weather)Well, not even light, just movement in the sky above my head. There are no sounds other than the roar of the highway(interstate 30), but as I stopped, every sense in me turned to whatever the hell it was I was seeing. Oddly enough I can't say they were airplanes as there WAS an airplane going directly above and forward of me, crossing perpendicular to the path of these things I was seeing... The most absolute definition of perfect spheres. absolutely perfect spheres. They were streaming past at no particular interval, and very low. Much lower than the one airplane I could see above these spheres. And this is the only reason I decided to put this story somewhere, because they were so low that i could with just my eyes see them from underneath as they streamed past. A direct view. Most all of them were just white spheres. But disturbingly there's definitely a "leader" amongst these things, cause when I fully stopped and my brain clicked that I wasn't seeing random stuff or airplanes, I saw one that appeared green-ish with two tinier(or super-faster)orbs zinging around, infront, behind, thru it. Like "leader of the pack" style travel, all of these things. So NOT shooting stars, for sure. I watched these things come from behind me, directly overtop me, then infront of me, absorbing as much as i could in that time. I know after about 30 seconds this is the first time in my life I have seen something unexplained. The speed of these things weren't natural. The shape. And the other detail that also has me telling this tale, is that being they were so low, and one in particular THAT much lower, I can describe(as best i can) what it looked like. One I most remember, as it slowed down like it was looking at me(could be paranoia in my head at this point but whatever). This perfect sphere like all the others, was golden-yellowish....If UFOs and all that are ships or craft...how the hell can i still see thru it? They are transparent, these things, when viewed closely. If i could draw this one here, I would. These are NOT spotlights. NOT craft, but yet fly about like they are. Yet SOMETHING is inside them. This one, i followed with my eyes and already i'm on my knees at this point, from behind me to infront....but looking directly at it...i get the feeling i am not seeing what is really there. These things make no sound in passing, just to add a note. I fully believe even if i was in a countryside away from human sounds, these things are silent as a grave. I've got enough of a military mind to recognize some details. These spheres didn't even disturb the air about them, yet are traveling around. I've been made aware of these sightings of such a specific formation. A news camera picked these things up in broad daylight. I never gave it a thought. But I have become more aware after that, of massive sightings of these things. So I put out there I have foreknowledge of them. I'm a drinker. I don't do drugs. I had 1/2 of a Bud Ice 40oz. when i went for a walk out to EZ Mart for tampons and I still stand by the fact I DIDN'T IMAGINE IT. I do know i took time to decide to walk, as i don't like walking, it hurts my legs. But something put me out there at an intersection of time and events to see these damn things. And whoever reads this, that airplane that crossed at that same time at this location...there's no f'ing way that they didn't see what i did, being above the spheres flying across their path. If you were on that flight, speak out. If you were the pilot, speak out. There's no way a plane full of people didn't see what i saw, though strangely i was closer to them. I encourage anyone to speak of these spheres, cause even I have now seen them and they are showing up in day and nite, fully public view with many witnesses.
I am 29 years old. I have been a huge fan of the X-Files, Sci-Fi stuff, a geek in general, even admired MUFON due to the X-Files show, cause i respect everything "outside the norm". One thing I never have done is say I've seen/experienced anything. Infact the opposite. I always WANTED to. Now i am feeling I regret that, cause I am scared beyond belief. Are these alien? Or are they angels? Demons? Something metaphysical? I'm just plum scared after its happened, especially when I felt one slowed to "look" at me. And it's sad when I was on the ground looking up....a white expedition passed me by, never wondering what i was looking up at. Or the other scattering of people I saw after I got off the ground to finish my walk to the store(in tears, freaked out)...no one even payed mind. These things are appearing for a reason, and in massive sightings. Damn. I'm only on this site cause i watched a television show ffs. Otherwise I feel very alone with what i saw and who to tell. If you are like me, never seen anything odd in your life in the sky but know full well you didn't hallucinate....SPEAK. Whatever these particular spheres are about...we need the pros of this area to have knowledge of their whereabouts and hope they see a pattern we can't. I'll leave my story in the hands of MUFON and whoever else they deem necessary.
