{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-13 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501019","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58057","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3489,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/019/mufon-5501019.json","updb_database_id":5501019}
{cak} Observed AA Flight in bound 9:20 pm. Red and White alternating light along easterly path higher altitude changes directions quickly.

The incident took place at the above address shortly after 9:00 PM 13 July 2014. While walking my dogs I began to look at the moon rising in the eastern night sky. Weather conditions were clear, no clouds, visibility was unlimited. At about 9:20pm, the inbound American Airlines flight from MIA caught my attention. It was a S-80 in the standard approach path this flight would take for runway 31. I worked for AA over 16 years and a total of 24 years combined at BNA with other FBO's and AA. Being in the TCA and landing pattern, the aircraft engines were throttled back producing the expected noise of a jet aircraft in landing configuration. As I looked at the flight move away from my vantage point, I caught the glint of an alternating red and white light to the right of the S-80 but in the same direction, just higher altitude. The light pattern did not mimic the characteristic red on left, green on right with white strobe underneath seen on all civil aircraft. The light appeared distinctive and very close together giving the impression a single object. The general speed of the object appeared faster than most aircraft types but not so dramatic as to be impossible. What I did observe was the light appeared to make abrupt turns to the north, appear to stop or hover, then turn back to the east, hover for a moment, then descend rapidly all the while the tight alternating red and white pattern was maintained. My perception of altitude changes were made using the power lines as a reference against the night sky. These abrupt changes in altitude and directions continued for more than a minute till the object was lost in the glare of a street lamp across from where I was standing. I moved my fist to block the light and quickly scanned the area before finally catching site of the object now moving in a westerly direction. Instead of the red and white pulsing light , the object appeared to have just two tightly spaced white lights and was making a rapid but controlled decent to lower altitude with no apparent sound. I watched until the object was out of my sight above the tree line and hill west of where I was standing. I opened my phone app to the flight watch radar and noted it had the AA flight and others in the TCA marked with appropriate flight numbers and identification and flight path. There were also two tracks one to the east and near parallel to the Earlier AA flight and another on a westerly descending track, both unmarked indicating something may have registered on the radar but not identified by flight plan or transponder code. I scanned the sky for a few minutes just to rule out police or life flight helicopters and observed no other aircraft in the general area. Time at end of observation was 9:58PM central time
