{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-26 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291322","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112014","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2367,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/322/mufon-5291322.json","updb_database_id":5291322}
See Legacy Field

Looking east from my porch just a little north of a bright moon, appeared what looked like two round light orange colored objects. One in front of the other. The one in front looked V shape with a round body the other only round shaped . Then the one in the rear flew beside the front one and flew next to each other for a second it then flew back behind the lead UFO. They looked animated unlike anything I've ever seen. As they flew they seemed to dominate the night sky their sizes looked immense! Their altitude was much closer than the typical air traffic in this area but still looked a far distance away. Also I noticed the crafts seem to slightly fade in and out of view in a way you would see a jet fly through small cloud's pieces of them fade then reappear. Their flight path wasn't necessarily straight but a slight weave to n fro until they flew out of sight heading west over the city of portland. Although the sighting was just seconds,it seemed like minutes. Then a fairly short time later my brother and I looking east just over the horizon we noticed a silver round star looking object slowly cruising from north to south. We watched it for several seconds . Then it suddenly expanded in a brilliant large white flash that lasted for about three seconds only then to collapse back into it's previous size and shape cruising the same speed when we first sighted the object until it faded out of sight traveling South. During the summer nights we would frequently see these same objects thinking at first that they're satellites..? Now realizing that they can't possibly be satellites... The UFOs in the head story are by far the craziest thing I've ever witnessed in the night sky. Me being a fairly active star gazer . Thank you for your time.
