{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-17 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521322","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34938","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2826,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/322/mufon-5521322.json","updb_database_id":5521322}
Seeing crafts (more) than one for about 5 weeks

About 5 weeks ago I was sitting on my front porch and noticed a bright light right above a house one block down from me. I didn't think anything at first, then after while I noticed it moving staight up and the definitely got my attention. I started watching it every night including tonight. It usually appears betweem 6:00 - 6:30PM every night only it is really high up. After it first appears, then I started seeing smaller, not so bright, I think cigar sharped crafts filling the sky. I believe that the larger crafts are dropping them off and then later picking them up. About 2 weekThey ago I went out to the front yard and looked straight up and there was a second large, bright light like the first one I saw. If I could stay up later than 11:00PM or so I would see more. 

1. I was sitting on my front porch
2. The brightness of the craft made me notice it
3. Maybe a tower with a light. I really didn't pay attention until it started moving up an down.
4. When the larger objects appears, they are coming down from really high up. They eventually come to a complete stop for about 30 seconds then move again and come to a complete stop. They repeat this for about an hour or 1 1/2 hours. Then they ascend an more or less hover. Sometimes jets fly very close above it or below it and it will back off for about 5 minutes and then come right back forward. They are always in sight.
5. At first I was totally shocked and excited. The first thing I did was run into the house and tell my family. They all said I was crazy and wont even talk to me about it. I tried to find a group that would interested (on the internet). I emailed "realufos", but never got a response back so I finally gave up. Then a fried told me to go to "mufon". Now I am kinda of used to it, but I am still bewildered. I go out and sit on the front porch every night and watch what they are doing.
5. I havent lost sight of them. When I get through with this I am going outside to see what is going on. I have been asking myself, am I the only one seeing all of this. You are welcome to call me if you have questions. I don't have a good camera because if I did believe me I would have taken pictures.
