{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-02-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502322","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56684","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3383,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/322/mufon-5502322.json","updb_database_id":5502322}
{nd} Fast traveling glowing spheres, undulating non mechanically stopping and observing

This sighting took place in Silverado, California around 1:00am and the year was approximately 1978. I believe it was the early spring because I remember the nights being fairly cold still. 

I was in my early teens, and I was spending the night at my friends house in Silverado canyon near Wild Cat Canyon. Her moms house was one of the houses higher up on the side of the hill on the south side of the canyon (north facing). The window from the room and bed which I was staying in, had a visible view of the opposite north side of the canyon (south facing)which was very steep and only covered with sage brush. 

I was woken up by a loud pulsating buzzing noise. I immediately noticed an extremely bright light on the horizon across the canyon and then it began heading towards the house. The light was in an spherical orb shape, glowing from within, but it also had a haze around it kind of like an aura. I noticed it did not seem to cast any light around it or shadows, which was very strange to me because it was so intensely bright like a massive search light. I got the distinct impression that it was searching for something or someone and then suddenly I became aware that it was looking right at me as if they became aware that I was looking at them. 

The light only hovered momentarily over that north rim of the canyon, but then it quickly dropped down sharply at a steep angle just feet over the sage brush and came undulating over the outline of each tree at a high rate of speed. From the bottom of the canyon it came directly in front of the window I was looking through! It seemed as if the light then penetrated only that room I was in. It was rather unnerving and I tried shaking my friend awake. She opened her eyes for a second and went right back to sleep. The sphere remained in that position for a few moments and I almost felt panic like I was not safe. I then saw two more orbs appear over the same horizon, following the same path, same speed and brightness, but this time they joined the initial orb, hovered for a second and whooshed off at what I would describe as a speed and vibration and intensity that was almost unimaginable. They left over the roof top heading directly south from what I could tell. 

I have had several more encounters over the years in the same area where I grew up and a few in other locals. My feeling is that they may have planted some type of tracking device under my skin as once a month or so for many years I would get a strong vibration in my foot and groin area, this would be followed by intense frightening night time experiences (dreams). This is the first time I have talked about this with anyone outside my immediate family.
