{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-06-24 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492322","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67226","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3515,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/322/mufon-5492322.json","updb_database_id":5492322}
{dr}The multi colored orb descended from the sky and seemed to land. When we jumped up to go see if and where it landed we observed 5 man looking figures walking out of the darkness of the cemetery.

My girlfriend at the time, my cousin and I all decided to get some beer and hang out at the Cemetery my girlfriend's parents owned and still own "Glen Rest Cemetery" in Reynoldsburg Ohio. We were hanging out on the bridge at the pond in the middle of the cemetery. The bridge is made of stone and my girlfriend was laying on the stone ledge, the ledge is big enough to lay on comfortably without falling. We were all looking up at the sky talking when we saw an orb fly across the sky. The orb was mostly red and orange in color but had yellow, blue, and green colors as well. It was silent as it was falling and seemed to land just over the trees about 500 yards away. My cousin and I became very excited and jumped up and started walking in the direction we thought it might have landed. I told my cousin to wait and I turned around to get my girlfriend to come with us. I grabbed her by the hand and helped her up. I turned towards my cousin to lead her in his direction when she started saying "oh my god" , "oh my god", I turned to look at her and it was like her whole body gave out and she fell to the ground and pointed in the opposite direction of where we thought the orb landed. I looked where she was pointing and saw a man walk out of the darkness. He looked like a human but I couldn't see any details of his face. He was dressed in black dress pants, and a long sleeve white shirt. Then two men dressed the same stepped out of the darkness behind him. They were coming out of the darkness in a " V " like geese would fly. Then two more men behind them. 
My girlfriend was crying saying "run", "run". I said "oh my god" and yelled my cousin's name. He came running towards me and my girlfriend. I think he started walking toward where we thought the orb landed until I yelled his name. I pointed at the entities and it was like we were all froze. Then my girlfriend started to run towards her house located at the front of the cemetery. I turned and ran with her. My cousin seemed to have stood there, and I remember thinking "what is he doing?" "What is going to happen to him?" About a third of the way running to her house her foot sunk in the mud and she fell. I turned and picked her up and kept running with her in my arms. I remember thinking "how am I running holding her for so long" but at the same time I don't remember running at all. Then we were in her drive way. My cousin was there. We all jumped into his truck and drove off. The next thing I remember, it was daylight.
I have seen this same sort of orb one other time in my life when I was a child sitting out on the porch with my fathers good friend and neighbour, but never witnessed these "people" like in this account.
