{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-06 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500322","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58784","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2554,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/322/mufon-5500322.json","updb_database_id":5500322}
I saw a five large circled lights in the shape of a triangle.

It was night time around 10:40-45? I went outside to have a smoke before bed like I do every night. I live on the second story of my apartment building,I just lean on the railing and stare at the stars and watch the planes go by. I noticed a plane to the left of me blinking and heard it, I kept looking around and in front of me I noticed another plane very far away with a tiny blinking light. I see these almost every night. As I was looking at the small plane I remember thinking to myself "man just another plane" right then what I thought was a shooting star catches my eye right above me but has I am trying to look something else catches my eye,across the street above the trees I can see five circles sort just pop in to sight,it stays there for a second, I think to myself no way and shake my head to make sure I wasn't seeing things or some sort of another plane but it was there. It was only there for about five seconds but I saw Five very dim dark red-orange circle light in a triangle shape and the were big almost the size of one of the little planes that fly over my house, It made no sound that I could hear.I could sort of make out the shape but it was very dark,it almost looked like it was camouflaged in to the night sky.It started after just a second to move NE pretty fast and the back two circle moved in words slightly and then it just sort of faded away and I couldn't see it anymore.
I remember thinking oh my god what did I just see,I just saw a UFO! so I ran inside to tell my wife but she was sleeping and just told me to keep looking and draw a picture. After about two minutes I went back outside to look again but the only thing I saw was plane right above me flying right over my house very low headed North. I stayed out side for about ten more minute even going down to the parking lot to look but didn't see anything but the bright half moon and a bunch of stars.
