{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-06-15 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292322","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111001","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4706,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/322/mufon-5292322.json","updb_database_id":5292322}
Elongating Band of Yellow Light Spans Between Two Small Thin Clouds Then Dissipates

Time of UFO sighting: Early afternoon, mid-summer about 22 years ago. Total duration of sighting was about 8 seconds.

Sky conditions: Sunny hazy pale blue with no noticeable cloud formations beyond the two small, semi-transparent clouds, described and shown in my drawing.

My situation: I was driving and stopped at a stop sign in a huge parking lot at that time. My view of the sky was unobstructed in the mid sky. I witnessed this sighting while my passenger only witnessed the sudden flash of white light. 

UFO type: This UFO sighting had consisted of three different shapes, as follows: 

Shape 1. Two very similar small, semi-transparent white clouds positioned fairly close to each other, within the mid-sky. These two clouds did not move nor change in appearance during this entire sighting.

Shape 2. One very straight and narrow luminous, elongating band of gold-yellow light. This narrow band of light had emerged out of one cloud to have then quickly entered into the another cloud where it then quickly disappeared. Yet nothing was ever observed within either of these thin, semi-transparent clouds. 

Shape 3. An expanding, luminous circular white light had begun to appear and expand at point B, where it soon seemed to have momentarily engulfed my entire field of vision within a brief blinding white light.   

If I had not already been looking into the sky at the onset, I might never have noticed anything unusual that day other than this very brief flash of brilliant white light. My passenger in the car then also commented that they too have witnessed this flash of white light. 

Immediately following this sudden flash of blinding white light, I saw this same UFO band quickly move into the other nearby cloud, where it then shortened in its length until it had vanished.

In essence this entire sighting had seemed to 'mirror' itself. Meaning that if, I were to divide this event in half that, the first half of this event would have 'mirrored' the seconds half with the division point being the brief flash of blinding white light experienced by the witnesses. 

This being said, there was a brief gap in my visual awareness, as indicated in my drawing. Other than this brief gap everything else seemed to 'mirror.' 

Within my drawing, I am trying to illustrate this elongating band of light from a different perspective, as if, conceptualized from outside myself. So could this expanding light observed at point B, actually have been only turning at a 90 degree angle towards me where it then continued to elongate to suddenly engulf me within its momentary blindness of white light. 

In other words, I'm thinking that, there might not have been any break in this band's elongation at all but rather, this band of light might have simply turned at point B, to then simply pass directly through me on its way back towards the second cloud. 

I also suspect that these weren't real clouds, as the UFO's luminous band of light seemed to immediately dissipate when entering either cloud. So, if a person were to enter into this band of light might their physical body also dissipate within this light.  

This blinding white light might also suggest that a transformation had suddenly taken place although only very momentarily perceived. What I mean by this 'transformation' awareness is that, could it be possible that this brief awareness of 'total blindness' might be evidence of a sudden break or disconnect from one's physical body.   

Anyway if, I had not been looking up into the sky at that moment, I likely wouldn't have noticed anything unusual that day beyond this very brief flash of white light.  

As for this band of light being able to turn at a 90 degree angle (see point B). This I have witnessed during a BT sighting.
