{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-20 21:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503322","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55623","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2530,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/322/mufon-5503322.json","updb_database_id":5503322}
{rjl} Cant in 25 words

With 3 kids I smoke outside on my front porch. Almost every night I can sit on porch and watch jets fly over. Once before around New Years something flew over that I cant explain, and then it happened again on the above mentioned date. At around 9:35 something flew over that I thought might have been a US bomber jet, with different sides of the craft ligthing up and blinking at different times( not a steady blink as seen on other planes), it was followed by what I assume is a military F-16(normal blinking lights). Roughly 2-4 minutes later I see what looks like a round or disc shaped object, not blinking just glowing white(just like a star) moving across the sky, well as I look away in other direction I notice 2 planes with blinking lights (assumed military) coming at it from different directin (straight on). The solid lit/star like craft continued going straight then started to do what I would call circles in the air, as if it was waiting for the 2 approaching jets to get closer to it, then it veered left and shot off. Leaving no trail or nothing, gone in a blink in an eye, it left faster than a shooting star flashes through the sky. This unknown flying object was completely silent. My 8 month old daughter was asleep when I purposely yelled in my house for my wife to come see it. Neither one of us can explain what we saw. I stepped back inside at exactly 9:39. My start time on this event may be off by a few minutes but the end time is exact, as I checked my phone when walking in the door. Usually every night around 9:30 I can step outside and watch the lights of the planes flying up above, we can even see the military jets flying over during day light hours as well, I am completely in shock at what I saw, to me it is simply an UFO as I can not explain the solid lit craft that I observed, and I am not so sure the first craft I saw was something that belongs to our government either.
