{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-11 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289712","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113642","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2852,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/712/mufon-5289712.json","updb_database_id":5289712}
Orb light white lights erratically moving across the night sky

I have previously made a report about a triangular shaped purple lights that happened last month. Now a different light anomaly has appeared in the same stretch of sky visible from my house. Like my last report, I was in my garden, out for a cigarette, when I noticed in my peripheral vision some lights moving in the night sky from a North Westerly position. As my eyes adjusted to the night sky, I noticed multiple white lights erratically moving across this stretch of sky. Initially, it could be seen as lights above the cloud cover, however as these lights moved, it appeared as if they were emitting a beam of white light like they were scanning the night sky. I tried recording it this time, unfortunately my phone's video camera couldn't pick up anything but darkness, however, the photo function was able to see better into the night sky, in which 3 photos were captured. I've provided them with this report. 1 of each unedited, then 1 of each identifying the light (orb).

There were 4 to 5 of these lights originally, they eventually shot off at incredible speeds in different directions. One I spotted shooting directly overhead in an Easterly direction. They were moving in a stretch of sky very fast, changing directions, and at times, remaining stationary before moving again. Towards the end before the event ending, the cloud cover split and part of the sky became clearer. When this last light was unobstructed by the cloud cover, it could be seen to be a clear light emitting tiny orb like object, moving extremely fast circling the area, taking a slightly different path, slowly moving south whilst in this circular pattern.
