{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-19 03:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504712","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54174","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4580,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/712/mufon-5504712.json","updb_database_id":5504712}
{rjl} Bright flash nade me open my eyes and a small orb floated past my face and into a wall

I had just laid down to go to sleep but was still wide awake, laying on my back in bed petting my cat and waiting to doze off to sleep. Suddenly there was a brilliant flash of a bright white light that made me suddenly open up my eyes only to witness a golfball-sized yellow/orange colored orb hovering/moving only about 16 inches from my face and it was floating very slowly towards the wall next to my bed, where the orb entered the wall and disappeared without any trace whatsoever. The wall that the orb went into has a history with me of the sound of someone pounding on the wall right next to my head when I am sleeping, waking me up just moments before the 3 knocks or bangs occur. This has happened at least 7 times in the last year. There is nobody using the room next to mine and it always happens at between 2-3 am consistently. I always get out of bed and run to the next room just to see if I can catch someone playing a joke on me, but the only other people in this house are my elderly parents who are both deaf and unable to get around with any speed at all - so I know it isn't them or anyone else. The room next door is always closed and dark with no place to hide. I have seen several different orbs here in this bedroom, but usually it's during the daylight hours and the orbs are always a bright cobalt blue in color and they just pop into the air about 6 feet off the floor and hover for a brief moment and then disappear just as quickly - always leaving me to wonder if my eyes are just tired and playing tricks on me, however it's happened too many times now to just brush the experiences off as merely being tired. I've had many sightings of actual UFO's in the skies over Phoenix Arizona, again most of the sightings occurred during the daylight hours and almost always with at least one witness on hand as well. I KNOW that I am being monitored by something that doesn't come from this planet due to certain 'feelings' or intuition that I can feel strongly when I am being 'watched' by either an implant or some type of mental telepathy method. One night about 5 years ago I was in my backyard star gazing at around 9pm at night when I saw a bright 'star' in the western sky that I just 'felt' was not really a star but a UFO disguising itself as a star(they LOVE to do that !). I mentally projected to the UFO that I can see that it isn't really a star but I did thank it for being observable by me. I also asked the 'star' to flash a light at me if I am correct in my assumption regarding it's true nature and the UFO/Star flashed an amazingly bright white light right down on me for about 3 seconds and then it dimmed way down so that it blended in more uniformly with the other stars in the sky that night. It was so exciting to have that happen to me and I ALWAYS thank the UFO's that I see (mentally of course and with deliberate intent for 'them' to 'hear' my thanking them). Nothing would please me more than to someday soon make personal face-to-face contact with a BENEVOLENT EBE/Entity and ask for their help in bringing a non-polluting energy source  to this planet so we can start to help bring this LIVING planet back to a healthy level again. I find all of this wonderfully exciting and as someone who has seen so much evidence of their crafts in our skies, I have no doubt that we are surrounded by many many ET's, most of them in cloaked form (usually surrounding themselves in a cloud-like vapor to blend in with the other clouds). Keep your eyes open and pointed to the skies and hopefully more of us will see this evidence and mankind will somehow make it known to the ET's that we are ready NOW to meet them and become an active part of the interstellar community that obviously exists all around us, and in many dimensions. Peace to all of mankind...put down your guns and open your arms and eyes to the hidden reality that is within reach - right now !
