{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502712","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56282","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2379,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/712/mufon-5502712.json","updb_database_id":5502712}
I saw in the skies what appears to be stars, glittering, in a row with 500 meters lenght, above the line between land and sea, in absolute silence, as if promenading. A beautiful sight.

On the 3rd day of May 2014 Me and my husband went to our club, of sports pigeon, to do some paper work. After that we went to the gas station to fill up the car tank and have an expresso (coffe). We stood there with some friends for a while, chatering, then we went home. We live in a high place where there is very litle illumination. As we stoped the car my husband was the first one to step out and at that moment he said: Come and see this quickly. I steped out of the car and we both stood there staring at this magnificent sight. It was midnight. They aparented to be stars, but were very much bellow and closer to us. They blinked with cadence and were more than thirty flying objects in a row coming from north and heading south by the beach line, in the most absolut silence. I live in the outskirts of Nazar1 beach - Portugal.
At first we just stood there, not knowing what to think, but, because I couldn't identify it as being airplanes, stars or anything else, I hidden myself as a defensive act, but my husband didn't. The objects took their course towards south and after 10 minuts we could still saw them much further south, then our eyes no longer could follow them, They were too far now.
I was hoping to see the notice on the news but unfortunatly it was not reported. I even sent an email to the sky observatory in Lisbon to check if they had seen anything but I never got any answer.
A nephew of mine gave me this contact, should I decided to report and this is what I am doing now. Thank you for offering this opportunity for reports of this kind that noone else wants to hear about.
