{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467712","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92941","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2671,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/712/mufon-5467712.json","updb_database_id":5467712}
{td} Observed a tiny starlike object move a short distance, then fade to an almost invisible dot, only to brighten and fade 3 more times in different portions of the same patch of sky.

In Rochester NY, on the evening of June 25, 2018, around 10pm eastern time, I was stargazing, looking for satellites passing overhead. I was scanning the sky while my girlfriend and our neighbor were talking with one another. I then observed a tiny white star-like point of light begin to move in a north easterly direction, and thought I was going to watch what I immediately assumed was a satellite, travel in its orbit as far as I could until it vanished over the trees. This was not the case. The object got 2-3 times brighter, then faded to almost an invisible brownish spot. I kept my eyes on it, but lost it. A few seconds later, it appeared again along a similar path to what it was initially on, and proceeded to brighten and fade once more. This time I thought I had lost it, but it reappeared further east I1m the same patch of sky, yet now headed in a more easterly direction, and it performed the same brightening and fading. This time it was about 10-15 seconds before I observed it again, but this time it was headed south west, in the opposite direction of its previous path. It brightened again one last time, then faded out, and I didn1t observe it again. At no point in time did I think I was observing multiple objects. I felt it was the same all four times. While this event took place, I was in awe. I hadn1t seen anything move like this, at what appeared to be such a high altitude. I can only assume this object was in low earth orbit, and I do not believe it to have been a satellite, as I initially thought. I1ve witnessed numerous satellites and the ISS fly over. Those stay in a singular path, and do not brighten and dim periodically. The brightening and dimming was slow, and not a strobe of a conventional craft. I1ve also observed fighter jets over Fort Drum at night, and their afterburners during maneuvers look much different than what I observed on this night.
