{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-11 01:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285712","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117689","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2872,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/712/mufon-5285712.json","updb_database_id":5285712}
Light in the sky moving up and down, side to side and hovering around for 15min

It was a normal night, I was up late studying and about to go to bed. I set up netflix on my laptop and sat in bed. The computer monitor I have is directly in front of my window, and above the monitor I noticed a plane come into view. I say plane because, it looked like the lights from one, or a helicopter or something. It was too dark/far to see any sort of shape, but it was a white light, had an intermittent red blinking light just like helicopters and such. My window faces north, this must have been over the Harbor City area, I saw it from my room in San Pedro. Came into view from the East (above Wilmington area), and came to a dead stop in the center of my window. When that happened, and it began to slowly move back to the East, I was completely stunned. I recorded such a short video because my brain wasn’t working properly from being in shock haha, the light from across the way ruined the shot a bit, making it seem like there was another crazy light moving in the sky but there was only the one, moving slowly. I thought “nobody would believe me” and I just wanted to experience this thing with my own eyes, really wish I tried to get better/longer video. I’m only posting because you can actually tell when the light changes direction and moves up and down or left to right using the wires from telephone poles in the shot as point of reference. After about 15 minutes of hovering and moving around up and down, side to side, it slowly descended behind the buildings and I couldn’t see it anymore after that. Drone? Maybe? It was 2am though, not sure much about drones but from a distance, this light looked like the normal size of an airplane or helicopter, not a small drone. Another detail about the light is that there were a few times when it would dim so much that it looked to be completely gone from the night sky, but suddenly it would brighten up again like a star pulsating, and it’d be there, in the exact same spot. That happened twice, before I got my phone and took this video. Not sure any drones with these characteristics
