{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-12-17 18:51:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546712","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"21088","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2374,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/712/mufon-5546712.json","updb_database_id":5546712}
2 elliptical lights, one white and one golden/orange, white above the other, low to ground

As I was driving home from Morgantown, I was turning right onto 625 at 6:51pm and I saw 2 elliptical lights significantly larger than stars and really low to the ground. They got my attention because they were low and really big and did not resemble a star in any way. Their shapes were not like stars and the second object's color was not that of a star either. They were really bright and a bit distracting. They seemed to be stationary and located just beyond the church across the street's steeple. (I do not know the name of the church) I turned left and continued to look at these objects and they seemed not to move, for 3 minutes I continued looking and when I turned to look back, they had disappeared. The objects were, like I said, elliptical (oval) and they were 2 different colors. The oval on top was a bright white and the second was a golden orange color underneath. I would consider myself a skeptic, so I decided not to do anything about it until I went back around the same time at a later date. I called my boyfriend just after I looked and saw the 2 objects had disappeared and he told me to report it right away, but like I said, I'm skeptical so I wrote down the details on my phone in case what I saw was not there when I returned. The next evening I returned at 6:50pm and saw nothing, so I went back on Sunday evening and again-nothing. I thought maybe it was a satellite but there were 2 objects of different colors, a significant distance between them, and were fairly low to the ground. Not as low as a house, but a lot lower than an airplane. I tried to take a picture at the stop sign, but the camera on my phone isn't the greatest and didn't capture the lights.
