{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-10 23:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499712","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59421","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2633,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/712/mufon-5499712.json","updb_database_id":5499712}
Originally looked like a disk, then a star. I gradually noticed it fly across the sky.

It began earlier that day, I was logging onto Google for reasons that aren't strictly relevant, then received a notice on my Google home-screen about the 'Perseid Meteor Shower'. I was intrigued, and began investigating into it and trying to find out peak viewing times. After 22:00 (APPROX.)Me and my family headed out, hopeful of seeing a meteorite. I set up my seating apparatus and sat down with a cup of tea, and watched the pitch black, but cloudy sky. After my family went off to bed, I felt no desire to retire for the evening and stayed on watching the hardly visible stars in the cloudy night sky. With no luck of seeing any Meteors. I went in to replenish my tea cup. When I came out, I sat back down for a few minutes. Suddenly, I saw what originally looked like a disk, travelling much slower than an aircraft. I'd observed about 30-40 commercial aircraft that night, another family member pointed out and drew attention to the large number of aircrafts, and I agreed. All the airplanes flashed green and red repeatedly, unlike the UFO I was seeing, which looked a lot like something out of the X-Files. I looked again, and saw the craft change into a star like object. My eyes were fixated on the craft, that was easily mistakable for a very bright star, and I noticed it was still moving, slower than the speed of an aircraft with no flashing or pulsating lights. It didn't shine any ray of light or a tractor beam, just flew across the sky out of sight. 
My initial reaction was shocked, I was always optimistic about the idea of extra-terrestrial beings, but this was weird. The craft was a very strong white light; easily visible due to the dull lights of the other stars and the close proximity (It was brighter than the moon) of the object I saw that. The object didn't change colour or shape after the transformation between disk and star that night. 
THERE WERE NO MISSING TIME PERIODS AND NO UNUSUAL MARKS OR SCRATCHES FOUND ON MY PERSON.
