{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486712","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72982","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3149,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/712/mufon-5486712.json","updb_database_id":5486712}
{nd} A big black triangle with 4 lights in a circle on the bottom center flew right in front of me.about 500-1000ft high.

it was between 10 and 11 pm. I was out on my porch to have a cigarette before I called it a night. The porch faces north, and I always look at these 3 stars that are in a row to my left NW to see how clear the sky is. If I can see all 3 it's a clear night. iI didn't have my glasses on, but I noticed the far left star was super big and bright and it was getting bigger. I could see it getting bigger My thought was the star is blowing up! So I ran inside and got my glasses and ran back out to the porch. One of my friends was up for the weekend, and he was asleep,in the back room. I didn't even bother to wake him at that point because I didn't really know what I was looking at. So within 10 seconds I as back out on the porch, glasses on and now that light was approaching at a low altitude heading right for where I was. I could see the lights first. There was four of them, white, in a circle on the bottom. And then I saw a huge dark triangle sillouette probably 200 ft across the widest point of the object. It was moving really slow and low. Slow enough I could see the outline perfectly and the lights were not as bright as what I saw in the sky looking at the star. But he lights were inside a circle on the bottom of it and a blinking strobe on the right corner. First thing in my mind was seeing the strobe it had to be something made by the Air Force or something. This isn't really happening. But there was no noise! None, It wasn't a helicopter or anything I'd recognize. I was scared and frozen as I watched this thing pass in front of me. At this point it's just passing over and I ran in house to wake up my friend. Yelling at him to get up as I'm running back outside...he probably thought I had just lost my mind! That took me maybe10-15 seconds before I was back outside. I saw the last part of it go over the few trees to my right and then I couldn't see it any more. No lights, no nothing. Gone. I looked all around for it and I didn't see it anymore. The funny thing is it all only took a few minutes but when I looked at the clock it was after 11:00pm. I didn't know who to tell. Then I remembered Mufon. Do we (as in the US or the world ) have any kind of crafts like that? What did I just see? I'm on high alert now. And being the only one to see it and no camera or phone on me I didn't get a picture, I'm bummed about that. I know what I saw. I am anxious now and wondering what's next. Leery to go to sleep.
