{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-18 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524712","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31110","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2687,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/712/mufon-5524712.json","updb_database_id":5524712}
3 solid lights, flashed in progression. Several smaller lights on desert floor

I observed 3 lights above the deset sky at about 3am. I was traveling South on highway 95, heading towrds Las Vegas. I observed a lightning storm ahead of me about 40-60 miles ahead of me. I also observed a commercial air liner traveling NE in the night sky. 
As I was watching the air liner, a large white light or orb appeared in the sky. It fades into view for a second, then faded away. Then another light appeared next to that, fading in and out and then finally a third light appeard after that. All in succession or sequence. Then they were gone. Clear summer night with 3/4 moon for light. I could clearly see the mountain range below the lights. There were no radio or transmission towers near my location. It was not that. I observed for about 10 minutes and the event did not happen again. 
As I drove further, about 45 min since the light event, I slowed down to observe what looked like flashlights being used in the middle of the desert. I saw what appeared to be 6-8 flashlights being used to search the desert floor for something. Like watching people search for their car keys or something. The lights scanned the desert floor in random patterns. I slowed to about 10 MPH to look for the vehicle that might have brought the persons out to the desert. No vehicle in sight. Nothing. Then I stopped completely and turned to look at the lights again. I could see the lights dancing about the desert floor but I could not see any people. No one there holding a flashlight, just the lights. There was no origin of the lights. No people, no flashlights. Just the circle of lights on the ground. This happened again about 5 min further down the road. This time the lights were light small LED bulbs lit on the desert floor. About 20 yards off the highway. All clustered together in a random pattern. About 10-12 small lights, glowing about 6" off the ground. I stopped my vehicle and got my flashlight and went to investigate. I arrived at the area where the lights were, but they were gone and left no trace.
