{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-06-10 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491856","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67697","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2296,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/856/mufon-5491856.json","updb_database_id":5491856}
UFO sighting

It is common in our community that after dinner, people go out of their homes and have chit-chat with the neighbors.

It was 7pm when I left home and decided to join a group of neighbors already sitting and chatting in a bench, located in front my neighbor's house. The said bench is just 3 meters away from the highway. 

As I was walking towards them, I saw a Metallic Disk that ascended at the top of the house, located just across the road. It hovered for 10 seconds at the top of the house then it moved towards East, circled around a bamboo tree and took off in a speed of light. This incident has been witness by several people including myself. 

The Metallic Disk was about 150 meters in diameter, about 5 feet tall. The bottom of the Disk has 3 donut-like layers of lights, each layer consist of several cube of lights interconnected to form a donut-like shape. The lights of each layer is going to opposite directions of the other layers.

This sighting happened several times in different days, witnessed by different group of people including my older brother. I have a strong feeling that the old lake located about 22 kilometers from where the Disk showed up is a UFO hotspot.

When I saw the Disk, I felt no threat but excitement. 

Since our community were very religious, this incident was just forgotten by some very easily. However, I didn't. As years go by, I started remembering some events in my childhood where I went missing for 3-4 hours but I thought I was only missing for an hour. I saw creatures that I associated to Super Naturals while I was wondering in the Jungle. Only then when I learned more about UFO and Aliens that I may have been abducted when I was younger.
