{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-21 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497856","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61421","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2909,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/856/mufon-5497856.json","updb_database_id":5497856}
This event is one of several that I experienced..all different..this is the only one of which i have pictures and video

On the night of July 21st 2014 my friend and I were in the backyard enjoying the warm evening. I spend most of my time leaning against the truck hoping for some stars to shine through the overcast sky as we smoked and talked life. While chatting something drew my attention to the front of the house...and as I started walking along the side of house my friend called to me from the back yard saying "come look at this". I immediately turned and went back..something in his tone..after turning the corner my friend was looking up to the northeast and I followed his gaze. There were 2 orange/yellow orbs crossing the sky, slowly and without noise. We just looked at each other and continued to watch as the first disappeared and as the second one moved off another came in behind. I then remarked to my friend "I'm glad you're here this time to see this" as I jumped up into the truck bed and stood on the rails for a better view. From this higher advantage point I could see 3 orbs, they seemed to be coming out of the NNE
but making a slow arc or turn to the NE-east..something clicked in my mind and I asked my friend to get his camera..He had never before or since moved so fast and was in the house and back in seconds. He begin taking pictures and a video of the objects as they came into sight while I remained standing on the rails of the truck. I counted 9 orbs, all in a linear formation doing a slow arc appearing out of the NNE turning and disappearing in the east. There was no sound heard(very quiet night)and I observed the orbs pulsating in a 1-2-pause-3 sequence...orange-yellow-white as I studied them intently, I could or so it seemed feel the pulse.
These objects were moving too slow for an aicraft and the entire incident lasted about 4 minutes.
The reason I was glad my friend was there and why this is the incident I am reporting is that I have had several different encounters over the previous months, this being the first with a witness and actually getting photos and a video. The previous events I have experienced...were different..really strange..hard to explain in words...hopefully you will inquire so that I could perhaps make more sense of it all. Thank you.
