{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-07-09 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509856","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48560","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2536,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/856/mufon-5509856.json","updb_database_id":5509856}
Two glowing objects in the sky that seem to be traveling together over Brossard, QC

July 9th 2006 8:30pm EST

On this slightly cloudy summer night, my wife, son and myself were visiting our newly bought land near Quartier DIX30 in Brossard, QC.

We spent a good 20 minutes walking around on our land and I took a number of pictures with my Canon Powershot A620 camera.

At the time we were there, there were no sounds, no stars or planes in the sky. You could only see a blue sky with high altitude cloud levels.

At 8:45pm EST I took a picture of my wife and son overlooking the land where you can see the houses being built nearby. The view also provided a clear view of the sky. At the time I took the picture there was nothing in the sky.

After our visit, We left the area and headed home. It is only a number of years later that I noticed, while re-examining the pictures, that the picture I took of my wife and son was also showing 2 glowing objects in the sky that seem to be traveling together (approx 1/2 mile apart). One of these glowing objects seemed to show a small but visible trail. The object with the trail seemed to show a disc-like shape.

As I explained initially, when I took this picture there was nothing in the sky. These 2 objects only appeared on camera. When I took the picture the flash was on as well as the IR (infra-red) light to help minimize rabbit eyes. Im not sure if this somehow contributed to the appearance of these objects but when I took the picture there was nothing in the sky that was visible to the naked eye.

Today I am quite certain that these are actual UFO objects which were not meant to be seen by the naked eye.

The image submitted to MUFON is the original high-res picture. It has not been modified or changed in any way. It also contains the complete EXIF metadata information.
