{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-23 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488856","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70782","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8672,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/856/mufon-5488856.json","updb_database_id":5488856}
{rjl} Every night dozens of UFOs fly over the neighborhood. In the Detailed Description I give the real low-low down what's up.

Hello.

My name is [Name removed/cms/tg.

I Live in a Town called Bolivar Pennsylvania. Each clear Night, I stand on the Sidewalk and can see about either 2-3 or 3-4 "UFOs" (Starships) fly overhead every 5 

minute period, usually either in the East-to-West Direction or the West-to-East Direction. Additionally... in the Southern and Northern Skies I can see what appear 

to be Stars but clearly are not as they emit light that changes color randomly... the colors red, white, and blue.

I oftentimes see other sky events such as streaks of light, one time a squareish window-like appearance of light, and also one time a firefly-like light in a large arc 

over a tree.

In addition I commonly experience seeing grey's faces where I am looking... made out of what I am looking at, and I have seen two men... large men in suits sitting on 

a couch as a reflection in the front screen-door's window, but the living room couch is not visible from that window. I have also seen Luke Skywalker in that Window 

(and yes, I do know that Movies are real, I have since I was almost Thirty years old. I am almost Thirty-Six and One-Half now).

The Ships that I see here in Bolivar at night usually have an odd blink pattern, but occasionally I see one that doesn't blink. I saw one like that tonight, it was a 

vague red color.

Occasionally I go and sit across the street in the park and try to get one to land so I can go for a ride and visit another planet, and meet some E.T.'s but none have 

landed yet.

I have been a Mental Health Patient at Torrance State Hospital here and not far from here in Westmoreland County Pennsylvania and have seen many Starship events there, 

like a landed Cigar Ship, the whole sky once filled with red and blue lights, a friendly ship flying only maybe twenty to twenty-five feet above the building after 

having turned from a trajectory aimed above the smoking area, one landed across the train tracks, and lights above the quarry at night, above the ground and some above 

the horizon. I have also been out front there smoking looking in the direction of the quarry and train tracks and seen a bronze or maroon colored glint in the hills 

by the train tracks which are about 300 or 400 yards away. I don't know who is looking. 

Another time I was standing outside smoking with some other people at Greensburg's Psychiatry Unit and saw two extra moons in the sky, but no one else would look up! 

One was milky white and seemed to be made out of light, and it was being partially eclipsed by gray cratered moon. I never saw it again. I have also in that town 

seen rainbows in a circle around the sun, a ball of red, green, and blue light crossing the street, light beings, an angel, and all sort of phenomena that border on 

the paranormal.  Once I was lying in bed in my bedroom and not to be lewd but I was getting ready to stroke off, and I heard in my head an invisible Woman say "Shhh, 

don't talk, my guards are here with me... I am going to squeeze your prostate so that you *** harder", and I actually did feel her hand grip my prostate before she 

left! 

I do hear more than with my ears. I hear in my mind, and I can talk back with my mind. It is Universal Control. I am very important. (Check the very bottom of this 

note to see what you are getting).

In addition, the FBI has a new campaign of using private companies to do fly-overs on people and either they, or the military, or NSA, I don't know who, keeps flying 

over with attack helicopters, fighter jets, old navy planes, gulfstream-style jets, 747 jets, and once two A-10 Warthog Airplanes and some chinook helicopters and at 

times they fly right over the building or over the trees right behind this building where I live and they circle around. (I live in the Retirement Home here in Town).

Once when I was Nineteen years old I saw an experimental (secret) aircraft in Latrobe, it was the stealth helicopter hovering over a cow pasture right along Route 

Thirty. It was long and slender and had the flat, angular black panels just like the stealth bomber does. It had men in fatigues inside it and it was facing "left" 

when I passed it in my mom's car coming home from work in my mom's car and it had a circular red light on the left side of it about 2 or 3 feet in diameter and was 

shining a red laser light down onto the cow pasture but I never reported this to popular mechanics.
 

I know from High School Astronomy Club "J", the former Head of Meteorology at NASA and he says that he worked with Carl Sagan and some other guys to 

help design that B-2 Bomber.

Also once I was on a home break from college at Pitt and I was in the Living Room hearing whispers come paranormal through the walls, words of whispering that were 

whispers in the yard yet somehow were penetrating the walls and were still whispers in the house. I didn't go outside, I was afraid to... even though I was curious. 

In that same house I used to hear some kind of wet paper or something being thrown at my window while I had my back turned and was on the computer. It was very 

strange. I never found anything at the bottom of the window! 

I also there once heard a very strange alien kind of scream come from down the street... I thought it was the Call of Cthulu like in that Metallica song by the same 

name.

I have once before contacted you there at MUFON to report an Orange ORB that I saw at UPARC (University of Pittsburgh Applied Research Center) where I had been 

working. This was in Late 1999. I had then written to Stan Gordon about it. I am originally from (and in recent years also from) Greensburgh Pennsylvania where Stan 

Lives.

I'm not sure all the reasons why I was made into a Mental Health Patient but it is true that I was once employed and then self-employed as a computer programmer, a 

skill I learned in High School, and had numerous college scholarship offers including a Rose-Hulman Football Scholarship, $7,000 per diem to Drexel for Engineering, 

and a Rhodes Scholarship. The people that work around here in Mental Health Services believe I am a fool, and mentally challenged somehow, but I don't know why. It 

is the end of the world at the end of their world.

I used to be a zeropointer... from late 1996 until early 2001, and elite 8 at the end after the list was pruned to Eight People. 

I started my research into the paranormal and the Unexplained when I was Thirteen by reading Library Books like Erich Von Daniken, Billy Meier, and Whitley Streiber.

I am somehow from another planet myself, from Pollux, and I am an On-The-Fly Free Agent in the CIA (Cosmic Intelligence Agency), which up until a few weeks ago was 

"IGC", (Intergalactic CIA). I work out of NGC 1192385

I was talking to my Neighbor Brad today about all these things and that's why I wrote in. Normally I see the Ships being up there from about 8:30 pm until 11:30 pm, 

so that's what I filled out as event time higher here on the information form. 

Normally if anyone else is outside I point out some UFOs to them too. Carl, Joe, Paul, and Brad... so far.

Another thing is a couple of days ago all the street lights went out then came back on. 

Only once did I see a trail and that was Tonight.

I'm sorry I wrote so much but I haven't been writing in like I should. I will write in again if there is anything big or good to report but if it is just the normal 

nighttime lights I won't bother.

Being that I am ONE, THE ONE, and 8th Octave Person who used to be L. RON HUBBARD in my past life (one of them anyway), and Anakin Skywalker... I believe the UFO 

enigma here on Earth might be about me. It could also be because I am the return of the Christ Spirit.

IN any EVENT,
I bid you Adieu.

Signing off, 

[Name removed/cms/tg]. THE ONE, THE FORCE, THE ONE CREATOR.  :)
