{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-28 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290856","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112481","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2667,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/856/mufon-5290856.json","updb_database_id":5290856}
Driving South US-131 Purple Streak with Metal Hull Visible Second object Stationary with multiple lights

I was leaving Petoskey driving home to Grand Rapids on US-131 south bound when I observed 2 objects in the sky which I would say are not man made. It was dusk, the skies were clear, and the moon was in the east and was bright. There was normal traffic for the time of year on the road. I happened to look above the highway as I was driving and notice a bright purple, neon-ish light travelling from the northwest and heading southwest at altitude I could not determine. At first I thought may be it was a meteor entering the atmosphere and burning up. Next the light appeared to speed up and starting leaving a neon streak as it did, the light brighten up to the point I could make a metal hull with a pattern on it. The light seemed to reflecting on the hull, which reminded me of a wing of a stealth delta bomber. The streak stretched longer and after the light was at its' brightest, it went out but from perspective in my vehicle, it may speed out of sight. The light quickly faded. The whole event lasted only a few seconds.

5 min later, I am scanning the skyline in hopes of catching another sighting, when I noticed to the south of the moon, and object hovering to the east of US-131 past Elmira, MI. There appeared to be a light at the top and what looked smaller lights in the front(?) The object appeared to be triangle / trapezoid shaped, like the darkness ships from Destiny 2. The object gave off little light, but thanks to the moon being bright, I could see the light was attached to this object and gave off a faint outline. I was speaking to family about the first encounter on my bluetooth, and tried to take a photo while driving. I wish I had stopped at the side of the road. I will add the photo unaltered in the report. This object appeared to stationary and did not move as far as I could tell. I lost sight of it around the Big Rapids, MI area.
