{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-06 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289301","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114056","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2674,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/301/mufon-5289301.json","updb_database_id":5289301}
Two star-like lights stationary at ~60,000 ft, then instantly went to over 3,000 mph. Lights began to fade as it gained altitude and headed into space

I had just went outside at approximately 7:15PM EST on my back terrace which faces south to check the weather. I immediately noticed two very bright, what I thought were stars, stationary and high up in the sky. I had never seen stars that bright and in that location before. I am familiar with most of the visible stars and constellations in the night sky and just knew these were never there before. About 4 seconds later, the two lights instantly, and simultaneously, went from stationary to well over 3,000 mph and slowly gaining altitude. I yelled for my wife to come downstairs and see it or them. If it was a single craft, it had to be around 3 miles in width. If they were two craft, they had to be separated by about 3 miles. But the lights traveled perfectly synchronously and as they gained altitude and headed into space, they faded at exactly the same rate, which leads me to believe it was a single craft. Since I live near the Washington Dulles Intl Airport arrival/departure pattern, it is very common to see commercial aircraft flying overhead and disappear behind the neighboring townhomes as they get farther away. I have never seen a craft gain altitude like this one and then fade out over a period of about 7-8 seconds and disappear into space. About 10 seconds after they were gone, my wife finally made it to the terrace so she never got to see the lights. I am an avid airshow attendee and aviation enthusiast. I studied general aviation and aviation weather in college so I know all about atmospheric conditions and navigational lights, red/green indicators, exhaust, contrails and prop sounds vs jet engines.
I had a previous sighting a couple of months ago, so having a second sighting in such a short time prompted me to file a report about that sighting and this one.
