{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-09 01:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495301","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64143","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2965,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/301/mufon-5495301.json","updb_database_id":5495301}
UFO Appeared in my above back yard and proceeded to stalk me!

In augast of 2014 at around 1 A.M. I had the urge to look outside, where I saw 2 red flashing lights above the backyard. I grabbed my girlfriends Ipad2, and began to film it. When I started to filmed it as it hovered above the yard, it looked like a star or full moon. As I filmed it, the object changed colors and looked then appeared to shut off and then disappear(see attached media). I said to myself I hope it comes back so I can get a better shot of it. I shut off the camera and about 30 seconds later, it reappeared about 50 feet to the right of where it shut off. I then turned the camera back on and this UFO started to stalk me, it's almost scary to be honest (must see attached videos). I did swear at it once, as I was nervous as it watched me and then hovered over my head ascending and descending 20 and 30 feet above me. The object remained quiet until I flashed the back house light at it numerous times. it than started to hum and became louder like a sewing machine, than helicopter and finally a jet as it slowly left my view. The strange part is I filmed the first clip with it having no sound, and some of the second with no sound. As I said the sound started after I flashed my light at it. If you watch closely, you can really see the craft make very unusual flight patterns above the neighbor's house and myself. Also after I flashed the light at the UFO, it started to blink the red lights again, as it did when I first saw it above the back yard. I felt as though it was trying to communicate back to me. Please excuse my comments as I was very excited, to say the least almost prepared for a face to face encounter. This is not my first sighting. of a strange craft and there have been more to follow, I will submit the other sighting/video I captured at another time. The craft looked like a big black ball or sphere about 10 feet or so feet around give or take a few feet. I will attach a photo of the video that I cropped out and zoomed as well, which kind of shows it's true shape.
