{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-27 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522301","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33770","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2603,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/301/mufon-5522301.json","updb_database_id":5522301}
Round object with lights hovered over field then flew away very fast

I am a police officer and was on duty the night of November the 27th in Lees Summit, Missouri. I was at the intersection if 291 Highway and 150 Hwy when I noticed a round object with very bright white lights to my west. It would take a baseball held at arms length to cover the object. The white lights had a blue hue to them and all of the lights were on the bottom of the craft. The lights were strobing, and there was no sound whatsoever. It was a clear night with no cloud cover, and the oject was very low, just above treetop level. I watched as it hovered, and filmed it with the dash cam on my patrol car for approximately 15 minutes, then finally turned the camera off because I didn't want to use up memory on the camera. I called dispatch, who got a good laugh out of it, but they wouldnt take me seriously. I requested a copy of the video when I arrived at the station and will forward that to MUFON when I get it. The object then moved to the west slowly at first, then sped up very quickly and was out of sight in a couple of seconds. I stopped at Quick Trip and several families came up to me and asked if I saw the UFO. I assumed that they would call in a report, but according to dispatch there were no other reports received. I am disturbed that something like this was not taken more seriously by my supervisor and looked into. I searched the internet and found Missouri MUFON, and decided to file an official report. I am a former Marine, have been a police officer for six years, and have never seen anything like this before. I am familiar with conventional aircraft, and this was not any type of normal aircraft. 
I saw a similar object on October 31 in the same location but did not file a report about it. This object was closer than the other one. I called another officer to come out and he saw the object, too. We both want to remain anonymous at this time. I am interested in helping investigate UFOs in this area.
