{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-03 21:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504301","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54593","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3033,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/301/mufon-5504301.json","updb_database_id":5504301}
Extremely bright object flying overhead, no blinking lights. Bright orangish red colour. Sudden change in direction.

Monday March 3, 2014 Strange Object
Strange object in the sky last night. 
On Monday night, March 3 at about 9:35 PM as i was sitting in front of my desk in my workshop, I glanced out the window and saw a very bright light approaching in the sky. Leaving near the airport, this is very common of course. What was different this time though was in the brightness of the object and the complete lack of any flashing lights such as what would be seen on an airplane. 
It appeared to be somewhat round in shape though it was more of a bright, roundish blur so no solid shape was discernible. Colour was a bright orange/ red, more on the orange side.
I watched it as it approached, coming in from north/ northwest and appearing brighter and larger as it came. As it started to go over the roof, I quickly jumped up and ran outside and behind the shop, expecting the object to be veering towards the airport. I then saw it further to the east than I expected and observed a sudden change of direction further to the east. Not a gradual banked turn such as an airplane would make, this was more of an instant change in direction. It did this twice, just seconds apart. Now heading directly away from me to the east, the bright object then faded out quickly over the next few seconds. Total time since I first saw it coming to when it was gone from site was roughly 1 and a half to 2 minutes. The entire time there were no flashing lights and it did not make any sound at all. 
At its brightest, from where I was first observing it from the workshop, the brightness was comparable to a full moon on a clear night. It was far larger in the sky than any star, planet or space station would appear. Our local astronomer also confirmed that it could not have been the space station as the timing was off by a couple of hours.
What was it? I have no idea. It certainly did not behave like any aircraft I have ever seen. One other person also contacted me and described the object to me and the description matched with what I saw. And I had not yet described just what I had seen. He also is from an entirely different part of town than I am. 

In the following days, I have had 2 friends tell me they have had similar sightings in the area over the last year or so, including up to 1 of these objects flying in apparent formation.
