{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-15 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505301","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53562","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2661,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/301/mufon-5505301.json","updb_database_id":5505301}
{cak} Wake of flames. Flew in small planes flight path and flickered out. Disappeared.

About a year and a half ago, I was leaving Wal Mart. Walking thru the parking lot to my car. As I got closer to my car I looked up and saw a very unusual sight. I saw a V shaped wake of fire cutting thru the night sky. I saw no object per se, no source, but it appeared that something unseen was cutting thru the sky and leaving a wake of flames around it. It was very strange, and I looked around to see if anyone else was around to witness this, but unfortunately no one was around. The best description I can give is to imagine the V shaped wake that starts forming at the front of a boat cutting thru water, but instead it was flames. Strangely it appeared to be in the same flight path, and altitude (500ft-1000ft as the small planes that fly in and out of a local air field (Gillespie field) approximately 5 miles away. But I've never seen a plane exhibit any of these features. Once I saw it I watched it for around 20-30 seconds and it disappeared, only to reappear a couple of seconds later. Then it disappeared again, reappeared for a few seconds in the same trajectory and finally vanished for good. As it would reappear the flames seemed to be back at their full length, as if they didn't emerge from a source and get longer. There were no blinking lights of any kind, or any constant lights at all. No plane crashes were reported either. I drove back home which was relatively in the same general direction the object was traveling, and kept looking at the sky to see if it would re-emerge. It never did though. I can't think of any plane that would do this. The flames around the object appeared to be quite long relative to the elevation. I would estimate 50-100 feet and fairly robust. The graphic included is very rudimentary but shows the basic shape.

I tried to submit this report last night, but was having network issues. Sorry if you got a double submission.
