{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-27 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511301","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47069","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3416,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/301/mufon-5511301.json","updb_database_id":5511301}
{dr}2 UFOs one round hovered over us shot up and took off other hovered and landed.

4/27/13) at about 9:00 PM, Rita, myself, her mother, and three other members of her family were sitting on the back patio of her mothers condo. The patio sits higher and overlooks much of the city of Fountain Hills, AZ. We had just returned from a dinner, and discussing events over drinks. Two of the six did not drink. About 9 PM I noticed a very bright reddish orange light coming toward us in the sky. It appeared to be moving slowly and close to the flight path of commercial airline into Phoenix. The item attracted our attention in that it did not strobe and is odd color and very bright intensity. The item continued moving toward our patio and stopped and hovered in front of us. I could make out it appeared round in shape. After a few seconds it continued on its path and move directly over our heads. Stopping once again for a few seconds, it then appeared to change to bright white color and then appeared to fade. A person from our group moved to get a view out of the way of the tree, and said it was going up. As I came to their position I could see it was increasing in altitude at an incredible speed. Once it reached a very high altitude, it looked to be a pin point among the stars behind it, it zipped off at about its initial vector at tremendous speed and then a near 40 degree turn to fly off out of view. Amazed, we all went back to the patio to talk about what we just witnessed, only to look out again and see another vehicle of the same color and intensity, but shaped more in an oval or cigar shape. This item was approaching us on the same vector and speed as the initial object. It stopped on it path toward us as well and hovered for a few seconds then seemed to turn. That is the point where this video is taken. Rita took this and her niece took one with her phone as well. As the object turned, it started to move away from approaching us, and began to dim in color and turned from the red-orange to a white color. It moved toward an open parking lot and basket ball court about 1,000 feet from us and hovered for a second then slowly came down to land. We all witnessed this object land on the ground in this parking lot and it appeared to be a rectangular object about 8-12 feet at its long side, and maybe a couple feet high. The niece and I jumped in her car to to to the parking lot and not knowing the area she went to the fountain area, that was too far. By the time we got back to this parking lot, the witnesses on the patio that could clearly see it said it moved over the ground to slowly and into a wash area that is dense in plant life. We could find no evidence of this touchdown last night nor on review this morning, but there were some interesting impressions in the sandy soil.
