{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-05-10 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287301","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116075","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2621,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/301/mufon-5287301.json","updb_database_id":5287301}
Grey/silver disc above yard, light lifted me, grey creatures inside

When I was 6 my mom asked me to stay at my siblings father's for a night. He had me sleep on the couch in the living room and gave me a quilt. I fell asleep and woke up in the middle of night to lights shining in from the front yard. I was a fearful child and normally would have woke an adult, but I was overcome with peace and curiosity. I unlocked the front door and stepped outside to see a large(size of a house) grey/silver disc-shaped object about 50 ft above the front yard. There were bright white lights lining the rim and in the center bottom was a circular opening that shined a soft blue beam of light onto the grass in the front yard. Something urged me to step into the light, so I did. Once in the light I began to levitate, and then I blacked out. As if no time passed I awoke lying on a table with bright lights above, like a surgery room of sorts. Surrounded me were three grey human-like beings, only human-like because they stood upright with arms and legs. They had large egg shaped heads, huge fully black glossy eyes, almost no nose and a small mouth with no lips. One of them looked at me and I was stunned with the most fear and terror I have ever felt. I closed my eyes right, having decided my best option was to pretend to sleep. I payed there afraid for about a minute before blacking out again and waking on the couch in the living room. The quilt I was using for a blanket was tucked perfectly around me, like a burrito. I was taken back to my mom's, and described what happened to her and my two aunt's. They laughed it off, assuring it was a dream. I argued that it wasn't and even drew pictures of what I saw. When bringing it up I was always told it was just a dream, and in time I accepted that as the truth. I always knew, though, and now after seeing a therapist I have found so much is connected to that very trauma. I suffer from a disassociative disorder due to my experience, and have experienced further anomalies in life.
