{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-12 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496301","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63102","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3024,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/301/mufon-5496301.json","updb_database_id":5496301}
{dr}The craft had little to no sound. I could hear my air condintioning unit behind my house over the craft.

The night I saw this craft, I was looking at the eastern sky. I saw a three pronged light system through the tree line. I saw this craft rise above the tree line in a ten o1clock direction. The maneuver would look like a partial 1U1 if you were to draw it. I walked inside and asked another individual to come look at this object. Once both the individual and I were outside, he immediately said, 1I have no idea what that is.1 While he said this, the object had three more lights appear and looked to be a part of the object, but these lights began to flash blue, red, and green in unison. So the three new lights would all flash red, blue, then green. Unlike the pronged light system, these lights stayed white. The individual walked back inside because they were under dressed for the cold weather. I thought it was a plane with their landing lights on. Then a few minutes later I heard barking and howling in the direction this object was coming from. The barking and howling began to come closer to me as if it was like a wave. Eventually the dogs around my position were barking and howling as well. But as soon as this started, it ended in the same fashion it began, like a wave. The object continued its course west in my direction and eventually flew above my position. When it flew above me, it had little to no sound. What sound I did hear was a 1hum1, but I could hear my air conditioning unit from behind my house over the 1hum1. I could make out a tail fin and the lights I described before. The tail fin light was green, another light was red that looked like it was part of a wing, and I could still see the three pronged lights underneath the craft. Once the craft was above a tree I could tell it was just as large as that tree, if not, bigger than the tree. The craft then changed course by banking right to a North-western direction. When it did this I saw the other side of the craft and the light on that side was red as well. Once it finished its course correction, I could see the back of the craft which looked like it had an exhaust like a jet that was orange and red in color. I could still see the two red and single green lights in their same positions, but no longer could I see the three pronged light system underneath. It finally went over the north-western horizon and I could no longer see it.
