{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-24 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508301","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50192","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2963,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/301/mufon-5508301.json","updb_database_id":5508301}
{nd} Three Glowing entities in formation, 2nd broke formation, passed the first then disappeared, others followed and disappeared near the first.

We were sitting at anchor on the north side of Worton Creek, 39.17.40N;76.10.21W, wind was NE@5 kts and the sky was as clear as I have ever seen it in Maryland. We had just finished watching a move (about the Japanese Emperor in WWII) wife had gone down to bed and I poured a glass of wine and went out to sit on the transom and look at the stars. The back of the boat was facing E-SE looking across the bay towards Pools Island and Baltimore. It was probably no more than 10 minutes (maybe 15 - time is funny that way when your looking at the stars) when over my left shoulder at about 10 oclock a glowing light appeared moving across the sky. At first, I just assumed it was a helicopter, because thats about the altitude and speed that helicopters seem to move at. A few seconds later a second one appeared following the first and Id guess maybe 50 yards back. Both moved across the sky westward. As I watched them move away from me, a third one appeared, flying in the same line, but further back, maybe 100 yards behind the second one. My best description of these lights would be a bright, glowing, pulsating ball, but I couldnt actually see a structure, so they were just roundish. There was not a peep of sound, not even crickets, and the lights made no noise whatsoever. As the lights moved away in a single line formation, the second light slid to the left and passed the first one. After he had passed by maybe 50 or so yards, its light wavered, and dimmed slightly and then it was gone. The (original) first light, continued on for a few, perhaps 5, second then its light wavered, and dimmed and then it was gone. The third light continued moving at same speed and direction until it reached the area (not necessarily the same exact spot) where the other two had been, then it too wavered and dimmed and disappeared.  I grabbed my binoculars which were a couple feet behind me and searched the area that I had last seen the lights. Nothing. I could see the Key Bridge, which is miles away, as clear as if I were standing right next to it, but nothing other than stars in the sky. No Camera, no one else to corroborate my story, but thats what I saw last Saturday night.  Im hoping someone else might have seen this too?
