{"collection":"UPDB-BAASS","document_date":"2006-12-23 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-baass-report-6053101","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"B-015K","source_file":"UPDB-BAASS/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":6053101,"updb_source":"BAASS"}
3 Triangle Shaped Objects Trying To Cloak Themselves. Dispatch Number: 20090924-1, 20090924-1 | Identification: Julie Gordan - Julie Believes This Craft She Saw Was Not Conventional. Julie Believes This Craft Was A Secret Military Project Or Extraterrestrial.

Catalog Entry: B-015K
Time of day: Day
Weather: Clear
Shape: Triangles. The Tops Of All Three Were Low Profile Looking Almost Like The Color Of The Sky But Were Slightly Off Color And Defined By A Coronal Discharge. He Said That The Craft Looked Like A Extremely Large Delta Wing With Two Others Following In Direct Line With The First. They Were Not So Invisible But More So Blurry. They Looked Like A Blur, Like They Were Trying To Be Completely Invisible With Some Sort Of Cloaking Device Except The Very Bottom Of All Three Of Them Had A Very Well Defined Delta Wing Shape. When They Flew Far Enough Out Over The Gulf Before They Started To Make This Like Turn, I Could See Up The Backside Of Them And See It Was A Completed 'V' With No Squared Off Area Where There Would Be Like Engines, Like In A Traditional Or If You Can Even Call Something That Giant A Traditional Craft. The Object Actually Looked Like A Craft With Three Large Diamond Shaped Objects Joined Together Forming A Line. The Leading Diamond Was About The Size Of A Football Field. The Front Point Of The Second Diamond Shaped Object Was Connected To The Rear Of The Second Object And Was About Half The Size. The Third Object Was Connected To The Second Object And Half Its Size. These Three Objects Formed A Line, Essentially The Second And Third Objects Would Follow Directly Behind The First. Julie Did Add That She Was Not Positive If This Craft Was Actually One Craft Or Three Crafts Joined Together To Make One.
Size meters: The First One Was About The Size Of Tampa Football Stadium, The Next One Was About Half The Size Of The First One, And The Third Ones Wings Were About The Size Of The Tampa Practice Field If You Include Both Inn Zone Areas (About 150 Yards). (For The Record, I Researched The Size Of The Tampa Stadium And Its Measurements Were 830 Feet Long By 700 Feet Wide).
Trajectory (Lift / Propulsion): Direction:
 Movement: Over Bailey's Bluff. They came out of the East and was heading due West and I could see up into the back of these things. They were headed west initially and they started to go in the direction of and made a 90 degree turn without bowing their wings and just kinda of slid and displaced themselves sideways and just kept on going very uniform almost like if you took your arm straight out to the left with your hand flat and made this nice swooping 90 degree curve around as far as you can to the right thats how they were traveling, in a straight line, never fluctuated, in a straight altitude that was noticeable. They were really flying real close together. My wife thought they were all attached but I definitely saw clear space between them but not very much of one. It is hard to say what the space was because of the distance, but guessing in car lengths, about 4-5 car lengths. The nose of the second one would have been 4-5 car lengths to the center of the delta wing 'V' of the first craft. The triangles were now about straight out over the Anclote Island heading NW and we lost sight of them over the Gulf when their sight was obstructed by the neighbor's roof line. Glenn said that they moved quickly covering a 7-8 mile radius. Julie was looking south and the craft was traveling from the east, headed in southerly direction. Julie: The craft was flying about the height of a real small private airplane. The craft slowly began to turn to the southwest. It did not tilt or bank as it turned and it did not make any noise. Julie described the movement as if a train was taking a gradual turn, the rest of the train would smoothly follow the lead engine. Julie pointed out that the craft flew directly over a bunch of trees and noticed that it did not disturb them at all. Julie thought was strange. Eventually the craft flew out of view and that was the last contact she had with it. Julie could not tell how thick the craft was or what type of propulsion it used.
 Speed:
 Distance: 2 miles
 Altitude: They were anywhere from about 400-500 feet above the tree line on Bailey's Bluff and were just slightly below the top of the Anclote Power Plant smoke stacks. Julie: 25-30 feet above the water.
 Angle of Observation: They would have been about thirty to thirty degrees above the Gulf of Mexico out toward due West.
 Effects: At the bottoms on all three was black moving smoke that kept recycling in a well defined coronal field of many colors. There was no sign of propulsion at all but definitely could tell that the coronal discharge was pretty heavy.
 
 
Nature of Phenomenon: Count: 3
 Color: Glenn reiterated that the craft was attempting to fade into the day skyline. He said it appeared to fade in and out of sight almost like it was trying to camouflage itself. He said that the bottom of the craft appeared to be black while the top portion attempted to fade to a lighter blue that nearly matched the day sky. As it passed over Bailey's Bluff, the craft completely blocked out the smoke stack at the Anclote Power Plant, although it was desperately trying to be invisible. They were a couple of shades different than the background sky, the top half of the craft was, but the bottom was a grayish black with curly smoke to it which completely outlined the entire delta wing. You couldn't see the skin of these things, all you could see was this thing was that whatever device they were using to try and cloak wasn't 100% matching the background from where we were at. Like it was trying to cloak.' I say cloak for the lack of a better term because it was not stealthy because a typical stealth aircraft can be seen quite visible in broad daylight, you could see the outline of where they were and where the distortion of where they were started and where the distortion stopped. But the well defining factor of all three was that black smokey curly area on the bottom that clearly defined their shape as being a delta wing of some type. I asked Glenn if all three craft were blending or fading at separate times or were simultaneous with each other and he responded ' It looked like three chameleons trying to blend together into a bush and your only able to make out the bottom outline of their body. They really blended in well with the sky except that they were just a couple shades off in color and that color really didn't change it just stayed the off grayish kinda blue and then the bottom part went from a pretty well defined black when it got as condensed as it can get and that would be at the very tip of the craft and then when it would start to come into where you could almost focus in on something solid it would just spiral like smoke does and just kind of roll on down that well defined edge of that wing and kind of dissipate towards the end of it and it would start all over again. It was an on going type of pulse, all three of them had that, and the top part just stayed a constant blur. It looked like it was desperately trying to blend into the sky and the background. It definitely had a semi solid state to it though because it did block out some of whatever it flew in front of. The object appeared to be partially transparent. She could see the blue sky through the object but not in complete focus.
 Surface:
 Windows:
 Miscellaneous:
