{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-01 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494345","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65133","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4784,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/345/mufon-5494345.json","updb_database_id":5494345}
{dr}Observed unidentified objects hovering across the sky

This event took place at approximately 10:15pm on May 01, 2015:   

I had just downloaded a mobile sky app on my phone and was out on the back deck with my sister, who had also downloaded the same app on her phone. After looking for a few minutes we both stepped back in the house. I had seen a bright star in the northwest sky just at twilight and decided to step back out onto the deck in an attempt to identify it. As I stepped out onto the deck, something to my right, in the southeast horizon, caught my attention. At first, I thought it was another star that had just become visible but I realized it was much larger in size than anything I had been looking at and also that the color was much different. It was a bright distinct yellow/orange orb or oval shaped object, brighter than any star and it was very low on the horizon moving directly in my direction. It seemed as if it was out quite far but as it moved forward, in a slightly northern direction, it was closer. As if in a blink of an eye, a second object, exactly like the first, appeared slightly to the right of the first object. As they got closer to my position, the orbs, or objects began to become larger and brighter. I called for my sister to come and look at what was in the sky. I called her several times more, and after what seemed to be forever she came out and observed the orbs which were getting closer and brighter but seeming to change color to a more orange/red, with less yellow, yet just as bright. These objects made absolutely no noise. As they got closer, their shape began to become more round than oval. Although I have never seen one, for some reason, I thought maybe these were Chinese Lanterns that people describe as seeing. My sister went back into the house to get her camera and as she did a third and then a fourth light appeared, all in a straight line, exactly the same distance apart all moving very slowly towards us and continuing to angle away in a straight line. They seemed to be slowly moving and yet hovering at the same time. My sister came back out and I pointed out the other new objects to her. She started to take some digital pictures using her phone. I then turned on the video camera on my phone and began to film. As the objects moved slowly towards us I noticed they all slowed to almost a complete stop and speed up together. The distance between them remained a constant. As the got closer, there was still no noise at all. Then as if by design The straight row of four lights began to somehow turn straight upward with the first object leading the way. They ascended upward to the north, on an angle and just ever so slowly lift up and away with the first object dimming and fading, getting smaller, with the distance between the first object and the second becoming greater. The second object followed the first in the same manner as well as the third object. However, the last remaining object stopped moving altogether and just hovered above for what seemed to me to be forever but was actually maybe 30 seconds. None the less, it did not move in any direction. Then, just like the rest, it just sped straight up into the night sky and it was gone. This whole episode lasted maybe four minutes. My sister took several digital pictures. For some reason, only one photo was in her gallery. The picture that was remaining has no color. It is as if it is a black and white photo. Strange. I did manage to get 3 minutes and 20 seconds of video. The video seems to be bouncing around quite a bit. I thought I was holding pretty steady but I guess not. I think the movement of the objects and my inexperience in cinematography might have something to do with it. I am going to download this video onto this report. I am not very computer literate so there are no guaranties. If they don't load please contact me and maybe I can submit the file some other way. In any event, I don't know how I feel about what I encountered this evening. It was so bizarre that if it wasn't for another witness I'd wonder if I had just imagined the whole thing. Somehow, I feel like what I witnessed tonight was not of this world.
