{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-22 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457345","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104227","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2678,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/345/mufon-5457345.json","updb_database_id":5457345}
{tjd} Huge dark traingle, moving lights, orb, multiple smaller triangles.

I stepped outside onto my deck on the evening of October 22nd. It was around 11:30 PM. I was out there looking at the sky, as I always do, when I noticed something odd that looked out of place. What I first saw was a cluster of lights (5-6) very close together. They were too close together to be stars and they were very bright. I continued to focus on these and as my eyes adjusted I could see the shape of a large dark triangle. This triangle was black with a bit of red speckled appearance. It was hard to see at first.

I went inside and grabbed my husband. He was seeing the same time that I saw. 
I continued to watch and saw lights flashing in the center (red, blue and white.they looked like they were circling around each other), lights on the tringle flashing in both random and patterned sequences & lights going from the center to the ends. When they went to the ends it looked like small lights left the triangle. 
While we were watching we did see an orb fly from the SW towards the triangle. This was incredibly fast and it changed direction creating a u like path.
During this time, around 12:30, I looked straight up and there were several more smaller triangles motionless in the sky. We went back inside at 1 or 1:30 and we could no longer see anything.

Last night we saw it again. This time I could not make out the shape and could only see the light clusters and some movement of light from the center outward. We took some photos and were able to see the lights a little better and also noticed more details around the triangle. There was a motionless triangle of 5 white lights, red lights following a line. We took several photos, some clearer than others, but it was difficult to focus.
Tonight it was out there again. Some movement of lights was occuring. Just North of it , kind of behind the trees, there was a shape of quickly moving lights. I used a different camera lens and the pictures are a bit clearer and you can see a bit of the other light from behind the trees.
