{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-10-22 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476345","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83899","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2580,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/345/mufon-5476345.json","updb_database_id":5476345}
{rjl} Lg. Glowing orange circle with black squigly corn curl shapes moving all over it.

My son and I were on our way home from basket ball game. Noticed an orange ball low in sky a cross the lake to the west. Wanted to find out what it was so proceded on our way home. 15 min. later we find it and pulled my car over just in front of it. Very unusual no other cars anywhere. Just us. Usually a busy Rd. But nothing in sky other than this orange glowing doubtless Lg. Circle hovering tree top level. I got out of car not afraid and got a good look. No sound but there was these black corn curl shaped things moving all over it. As I felt it was electrically charged. Got back in car and told my son to grab my camera from back seat slowly. He did and rolled his window down and I said hurry take a picture. As he got the camera up to the window all of a sudden before he could press the button the orange ball shot up into the sky at an angle behind white clouds and the clouds lit up such a bright white light that it hurt our eyes. Then it was gone. There was an orange street light hanging above the road and it was hovering tree top level above that. No one in the area at all. Its like the world stood still and it only wanted us to see it. Unusual because this is a busy road especially after a basketball game. I was not scared at all but my son was. It was really something to witness. Don't have a clue what it was. Got home only a mule from my house is where it was and called the local airport asked if any one reported an orange ball in the sky and he replied no. Called the radio station to see if any one witnessed it and he laughed and said, any little green men come out of it? I hung up the phone. Don't know what it was but it would not let us take a picture of it. Its like it knew we we're going to take a picture. Funny it hovered all that time like waiting for us. Erie because there was no sound anywhere while watching it. Like the earth stood still. Any explanations?
