{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-09-20 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547345","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"17200","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4016,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/345/mufon-5547345.json","updb_database_id":5547345}
Very low pass and hover of a rectangular UFO.

Several friends and were driving late one evening near the area of higginsville Nova Scotia. It was approximately 4am. There were four of us in the vehicle, I was in the passengers seat. The sky was very clear and crisp with no moon and I remember the start very bright.
As we neared a friends house where we were dropping them off, the driver was straining to look up over the stearing wheel into the sky. I first noticed the object as it was reflecting a very bright blue-green color off the hood of the car. As the driver instantly slowed the vehicle I looked out the window and up and saw directly over our vehicle a very bright blue green rectangle moving very slowly over our vehicle.
I would like to note at this point that the only way I can truly describe the color was that it had the same quality of something with a lot of electricity going through it, alternatingt in patches of blue green. I could also see that the blue green was only coming from the bottom surface of the object as I could make out against the blueish sky a jet black thickness above the object perhaps 10 feet high. Like it was a flattened cube shape.
We stopped the vehicle and all jumped out of the car shocked. 
I can only estimate the size of the object. It appeared to pass over our vehicle at a height of only 100 feet or so and gave off a slight, almost inaudible, humming sound. I approximate the length at about 100-150 feet and the width approx 75-100 feet.
The object continued to "drift" slowly in a straight direction north and settled only about 1000 feet away from us before it came to a stop.
The object stayed exactly in that position for what seemed to be a long time but actually only approx 10 minutes.
During this time the object sat silently 100 feet or so above a farmhouse.
Without warning, the blue-green bottom surface started to get brighter and then with a flash like a firework (I remember thinking) the object made a 2 point zigzag and moved at impossible speed over the horizon and dissappeared.
They were definately observing us for sure! Something we all felt/knew.

I would like to note at this point a very odd coincidence. My older brother had a very similar sighting when he was quite young. His was a broad daylight sighting of a rectangular object over our family home. Apparently I was there also but did not see it and do not have any recollection of this. I didn't really believe him for many years and wasnt really interested in the subject.
Also, with no prior knowledge of this or my sighting, one of my friends confided with me years later that he and his girlfriend at the time had a nearly identicle sighting of a rectangular object in the same approximate area as mine and my brothers sighting.
SInce this sighting I have been actively researching any/all sightings that I can. For some time after my sighting my brin had a lot of difficulty processing what I had seen. If it wasnt for the three other individuals who all saw this object and the fact that it was so close I might have thought I was seeing things. But I know what I saw.
I has taken me some time get the nerve up to report this, but its as clear in my mind as if it happened yesterday.
I am an artist and have attached a rough digital sketch of the object.
