{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-10-09 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502345","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56661","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2361,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/345/mufon-5502345.json","updb_database_id":5502345}
it appered to quick but the event felt like days.

I am not sure on how to explain my situation. my first experience occurred when I was 7 years old. In a home I lived in while looking out the kitchen window I was staring at a Grey white Being as like it was communicating to me.Then as I was growing up I had experienced several other encounters and witnessed visual being and U.F.O. sitings . but the biggest event occurred while I was In the NAVY in Point Loma Ca. while I was on Submarine Duty I had 3 encounters witch in some fashion I do have documented through my physiologist.I just need someone from M.U.F.O.N .to look at what has took place. I would like to post in detail what took place but it is hard for me to post it on a public site being the it goes against all of what we were taught growing up .Recently I have been working with NCIS and trying to get in detail from the FOIA on how the Navy Conducted the Investigation . The event that happened did cost me my Carrier in the Navy. I have Been back home since. The thing that happened I thought was over until I was involved in an Elevator accident 8 years ago . It all had resurfaced while ligation was pending as they asked me Questions about the Elevator and what happened ,I kept reverting to what took placed in 1988 .It has been a puzzle for me on how to explain in detail what happened without someone thinking I am out of my mind. my ligation fell through do to my testimony kept swaying from the elevator to another event that took place 25 years ago.I know what is out there. I know what is going on .I have been exposed to or have a certain access to stuff I don't no how to explain it .I hope by contacting MUFON I might be able to get some resolve. If you need further information you my Contact me .
