{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-16 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505345","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53517","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3361,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/345/mufon-5505345.json","updb_database_id":5505345}
{cak}Multiple objects lit up super bright white and blink out to dim or gone completely. One object appeared to skip across sky as it blinked.

My father, 4 year old son and I were in the hot tub in my parents backyard. The stars were just starting to come out and we were talking, watching the sky. I pointed out a satellite that was moving overhead quickly towards the mountains to the east. As we watched it pass through the constellation Orion, a very bright stationary white light appeared out of nowhere very close the passing satellite. It was about the size of a pencil eraser and stayed lit for approximately 5 seconds. It then dimmed to about the intensity and the size of the stars and accelerated in a northeastern direction out of sight. We sat there shocked trying to decide what the heck we just saw. Initially my dad thought the satellite we were watching had exploded, but I specifically saw it dim and fly to the northeast. We were just trying to be logical about the situation and come up with an explanation. The object was so bright, that we could not really come up with anything. As we continued to sit in shock, watching the sky, we watched what we thought were more satellites flying in multiple different directions, pointing out each as we saw them. Then, in the southeastern sky another stationary object lit up intense white, exactly as the previous one had and for approximately the same amount of time. However, this time as the object dimmed, there were two stationary lights left in its place that were actually brighter than the stars which went completely out within approximately 2 seconds. We yelled for my wife and my mom to come out and see what we were seeing, and as they made it out onto the back patio, they too saw the lights begin to appear just to the northeast of the previous 2 lights that had gone out. Then, the lights began to light up and blink out at a faster rate, perhaps every 1 or 2 seconds. We believe that this may have been the second object now on the move, but each time that they reappeared they had moved much farther than they should have. Each time, super bright white and the size of a pencil eraser. We all watched in amazement as it crossed the sky, until finally it did not reappear again. My wife tried to get a picture on her phone, but her flash was on and nothing can be seen except a black screen. We were just shocked, in awe, I asked multiple time what on Earth we were looking at. We watched the sky for approximately 30 more minutes, and one more object appeared, in the same manner as the first (lighting up super bright white for approximately 3 to 5 seconds and then going out). There were helicopters and planes to our west, which were easily identified and NOTHING LIKE WHAT WE HAD JUST WATCHED.
