{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489576","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70036","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3176,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/576/mufon-5489576.json","updb_database_id":5489576}
{dr}Huge silent object with very large windows passed above the house tops very slowly inside was lighted with red and could see instrument panels

I lived in Tonawanda NY which is north of the city of Buffalo and I lived across the road from a very large grassy park area which was near the Niagara river. I always watched the stars and my husband was working nights. Because of the park and river nearby aside from the house tops the sky line was wide open, It was about midnight in the summer, I " think" it was around 1970 no later then 1971 or earlier then 1966 . We lived on the second floor, had a small balcony off the bedroom with a screen door which is where I star gazed. While I looked up I saw a very odd sight which was a perfect circle of lights higher then an airplane flies or so it appeared. There had to be about 8 or 9 bright lighted objects forming this circle and looked to be equal distance apart. I was trying to figure out what constellation this could be in such a perfect circle, one I had never seen before. They remained stationary for quite a long time when all of a sudden one of the objects left this circle and the others quickly closed that gap to again be what appeared equal distance apart. Within minutes this huge object appeared to my left just above the tree tops and house tops and very slowly and silently moved about 2 houses away from me . There were huge windows all along the side of this object which appeared to be a dark dull grey. But the windows were well lit with a red glow and I could clearly see inside . there appeared to be several instrument panels but I never saw any humanoid forms or anything else for that matter. I was so awed by this that I never thought to go to the front of my place to look out the front windows to see which direction it was headed. It was like I was stuck and could not move or maybe I just didn't want to move. When I looked up again after this craft was gone that circle of lighted objects were also gone. But here is the clincher. We did not get the daily news paper at that time so I had no knowledge of what was in it . The next night we went to my in laws home and my husband said tell them what you saw, so I did. With that they said didn't you read the paper and we answered no we don't get it. They then pulled out that evenings paper and there on the front page just below the fold was a picture of 2 uniformed policemen from Niagara falls NY who said that they saw a UFO and it appeared to them about 10 minutes after I had seen it and what they described was very simlar to what I had seen
