{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-07-01 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478576","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81549","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2748,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/576/mufon-5478576.json","updb_database_id":5478576}
{rjl} Glowing disc shaped UFO hovering above trees.

This happened 14 years ago but I think about it every day. Back in the summer of 2003 I worked for a hospital in Columbus, Ohio which is about 18 or so miles from my home. I could set my own schedule as I did not work directly with patients. I worked late afternoon to midnight or 1:00am so I could be home during the day with my child who was out of school for the summer (my husband worked during the day). I was driving home and it was after 1:00am, it was a nice summer evening with a very clear sky and I had my driver's side window down partially. As I drove along, about two miles from my home in a rural area, I looked to my left and was stunned at what I saw. There, hovering about 10ft or so above the trees next to the road, was a disc shaped UFO. It was bright, illuminated from within, with a row of lights around the middle and a dome on the top. I slowed my car way down, was almost at a complete stop as there was no one else on the road at the time. I could not believe what I was seeing, I was absolutely gobsmacked. I rolled my window all the way down and there was nothing but silence (not even crickets and on a summer night in rural Ohio that is unheard of). It was maybe as wide across as a house and wasn't a thin disc, it was just disc shaped. After observing it for a minute or so, I became afraid. I knew that it's occupants had to see me and I felt very uneasy. I drove on and told myself to just breathe. As I was about half a mile from it, coming the other way at top speed with his lights flashing (no siren) was a police car. I thought of turning around but didn't.
I've told this to maybe three people since then. I've just now felt comfortable writing it here, I'm amazed at all the reports here, I'm glad I'm not alone in what I saw and no one here would think I'm crazy. I never gave much thought to UFO's before but I think about them all the time now, I think about that craft every single day. Strange things have happened to me throughout my life,things that I cannot explain, but this one is at the top of the list. 

Sorry this is so long, thanks for reading. Peace.
