{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518576","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38524","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5018,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/576/mufon-5518576.json","updb_database_id":5518576}
Two black objects near downtown Columbus

I stayed overnight in the Holiday Inn Express in downtown Columbus, one of the upper floors. I was watching out the window to the south, overlooking Rich St. when I observed two objects further South slowly descending, not much higher in altitude than the floor I was on. At first I thought it was a parachuter descending, but I quickly realized that the upper object and the lower object were about the same size as each other. Also, the objects were descending at a very slow rate, much slower than a parachuter would. I live near an airport and frequently watch parachuters float down and so I am quite familiar with what that would look like. The objects appeared to be connected to each other by a rope or other cord of sorts though I couldnt see the cord. I was led to believe this because the distance between the objects was always the same, I later estimated the distance to be around 10 feet. The objects were both black, and if they were painted then it would have been gloss black because at times the sun would glint off a surface on the objects. They appeared to be round or circular one one dimension and somewhat flat on the other, so the shape was something like that of a tire. In fact, I believe the size of each object to have been about the size of a large tire, possibly a little bigger.
 The objects continued to descend lower, and it finally occurred to me that they were closer than I originally thought when they began to descend below tree-level. I could see that they were in front of some houses/buildings that were on the south side of the I-70/I-71 freeway, yet they were falling behind some 2-3 story buildings that are on the North side of E. Engler St. between Washington and Grant Ave. At this point, I could vaguely discern what appeared to be a pole, but more likely a rope connecting the objects, and a rigid pole extending above the upper object by 5-10 feet. Gradually, the object descended below my line of vision, and I had written it off as a balloon or other object. A few minutes later, the same objects rose above the treetops about two blocks to the west, near a church. They ascended somewhat fast, faster than a balloon would but definitely not like a rocket. The ascent was somewhat steady, at times it appeared the lower object was swinging around below the upper object but from what I could tell it was not in reaction to sudden movements by the upper object. The objects rose to between 1000 an 2000 feet above the ground and from that point on, the altitude didn't appear to change much. Mostly the objects stayed in one area, moving horizontally somewhat. I could see the clouds being blown by the wind (not very fast) to the Southeast, but the object was not being moved by the wind I observed it in this position for 5-10 minutes and then it started moving to the North. It finally passed beyond my range of vision, limited by a sill from the floor above me. It would have passed just to the west of the hotel moving Northbound. Approximately 20 minutes later I went outside, but I couldnt find the objects in the sky anywhere.
 During the time the objects were observed, I witnessed three helicopters and several small and large airplanes fly by, and the objects bore no resemblance to any aircraft whatsoever. I wondered if they were balloons of some sort, but had that been the case, the wind would have blown them to the Southeast (they went the opposite direction). There was no apparent means of propulsion or lift that I am familiar with. At the time, the skies were cloudy and though it was quite warm outside, the potential for thermal activity that might explain the lift was low. Winds were light, I could see branches moving on a tree about one block to the south, but only if I looked very closely.
 Later I walked to the area where I observed the objects descend, there was no evidence that the objects were ever there that I could see. I took note of the size of trees, buildings, a pole, and other objects and later looked out the same hotel window at those objects to get some perspective on size, and this is how I reasoned the size of the unidentified objects. I did not attempt to take photos or video of the objects because I was quite certain that it would not appear in the photos due to the size/distance of the objects. I heard no sound, nor did I observe any unusual phenomena associated with the objects.
