{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-09-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498576","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60606","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2544,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/576/mufon-5498576.json","updb_database_id":5498576}
6 triangles flying in a triangle-formation then splitting up in 3 and 3, making 90 degree turns

Me and my band had just finished a live show when I felt a strong urge to go outside, standing on a fire-escape stairway. Clear skies. As I was looking up to watch the stars I saw 6 bright orange triangles in formation, forming a perfect triangle themselves. They came from the SE and headed NW, flying directly over me, making no sound but at high speed. I could clearly see how 3 of them split from the formation and headed NE making a very sharp turn at even higher speed. The remaining 3 continued their path NW, whilst 2 of the separated suddenly turned around and flew right over my head. I estimated them flying about 500 meters high. Again, no sound. I went inside to get the rest of the band but nobody was willing to go outside, thinking I was fooling them. Except for our soundguy. I told him I had seen UFO's without telling him what they looked like and as soon as we went outside and looked up, the remaining triangle who had separated to the NE came flying straight over us. He was stunned, like me. I asked him: what did you just see? And he confirmed it was a bright orange triangle. 
I totally expected reports next day in the papers as a lot of people were outside enjoying the great weather and the funfair in town, but nothing!
Weeks later I found out they had been spotted in Belgium by hundreds of witnesses and they even interrupted a live radio show because of the calls coming in.
Although it was a clear sky, there was one cloud in the NW which helped me to determine their cruising height as the 3 triangles who maintained their path briefly disappeared behind it.
This is the first time I have reported this sighting because of the ridicule that followed the days after the event. Even though I had a reliable witness !
