{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519576","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37214","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2799,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/576/mufon-5519576.json","updb_database_id":5519576}
a big orb. looks like a star only in motion. no sound. high in air. hover.

So my name is "J" and i live in pennsylvania. one night me and my sister were on my back porch looking up at the sky and i noticed a round light that looked like a star just much brighter so i kept my eye on it....my sister went inside but i had such a strange feeling come over me like i had to watch...suddenly it started moving....i called my sister out to confirm i wasnt crazy and sure enough she saw the same thing. they move very fast but never really left the area they were in. So i have been watching them the past few nights i even got binoculars to watch but just as others said it looks the same as it does with the naked eye.....I don't know what these things are but they give me a very strange uncomfortable feeling...i also notice plance and helicopters to be flying in the same area but they are just passing through. Then last night as i watched i noticed there was now 2 of the glowing orbs....my boyfriend didn't believe me so i woke him up and we both watched (he has to see everything for himself to believe it.) I do believe the government has something to do with this and whoever does not is very nieve not to think so.....theres strange things happening and we as american citizens have the right to know....so it just makes me wonder what else does the government not tell us!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! As i told these storys to my mom she also said she had seen similiar things except she couldnt so much see the glowing orbs but the beams of lights that shot across the sky
she said the best way to describe them was like search lights except there were two and they shot straight out either side....trust me im a skeptic and if i hadnt seen these orbs for myself i would have questioned her but i do believe it. I noticed it occurs after 11 at night tilll 3ish....if you don't believe all you have to do is watch the sky and im sure you will see these same things....I plan to do more investigating and i will keep you guys updated.

Continue reading on Examiner.com Series of glowing white orbs reported moving over Pennsylvania skies - National ufo | Examiner.com 

[Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]
