{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528576","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26991","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2515,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/576/mufon-5528576.json","updb_database_id":5528576}
Blue-Green Fire Ball

It was early evening between 6-7pm and my teenage daughters and I were driving north on Missouri Hwy 63 leaving Kirksville Missouri. We were about ten minutes out of town, driving north. Suddenly, a rather large low traveling blue-green fire ball suddenly came into view (what seemed like)about 5 miles north west of us. It appeared very near the ground and looking as if it were about to impact. It was about the size of a quarter at arms length. It appeared to streak towards the ground at an angle that one would assume would end with impact. There wasn't much tail, if any on the beautiful object. I was certain I was about to view impact when it went out, just disappeared. However it immediately reappeared, even larger this time, still moving swiftly. It appeared so low and only miles ahead of us I still assumed it was going to impact the ground. There was no where else for it to go except into the ground at that altitude, proximity and speed. However, there were no visual indications of impact (explosion or noise). If it impacted it would have been in the vicinity of north Adair, Schuyler or east Putnam County. We were driving north out of Adair, into Schuyler however it was off to the west which could have put it over east Putnam County. It happened quickly and was quite beautiful to behold. I do not recall if there was heavy cloud cover, but there must have been as the object came into view so low, as if it had traveled through the clouds and could not be seen until it left the heavy snow/rain clouds. Seems logical we only saw it as it exited through the clouds. Again, there were no indications of impact like a large explosion or any noise. The object definitely appeared close to us, within miles. My daughter in the front seat thought it was green. I thought it was blue. We both agree it was large. My daughter riding in the back seat was falling asleep and didn't see it.
