{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-01 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505576","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53271","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4360,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/576/mufon-5505576.json","updb_database_id":5505576}
{nd} large black object with stationary red/green lights

Going home from work from Overland Park to Gladstone I almost always take the same route of 435 (east/north direction)I am in a habit of paying attention to my driving and surroundings. I was headed home apprx. 7:30-8:30 pm I looked over to my right side of windshield to see in the sky above tree level (there was a tall hill just below the object)not sure how high above tree level. What caught my eye was the large green and red stationary lights like possibly on the corners of a craft, the object and lights were stationary. I have driven this same route for almost a year and have never seen lights at that level on either sides of the road. After seeing this I made sure the next day while driving to work in the day light to see if a tower or anything tall could be the source. Driving home in the evening I did the same thing. There is nothing on either side of the highway that would have created this craft or siting. Still I look for anything that could explain what I saw and there is nothing. It was not red/green stop lights because they would not have been at that heighth. This siting was above a tall hill along the hwy. I waited till I could find someone else in Missouri who may have seen something similar and I found this article from about same time frame (I couldnt remember the exact day I saw this just knowing it was before Thanksgiving:

November 13, 2013UFO Sightings: Remarkable Eyewitness Reports #07 - Nov 14, 2013 Case 1: LARGE TRIANGLE OR BOOMERANG SPOTTED OVER NEW JERSEY AND MISSOURI NOVEMBER 9, 2013 11.40 PM 1. O1FALLON MISSOURI
I was out walking with my girlfriend and her dog tonight in O1Fallon Missouri. The sky was cloudless, with nice star viewing. I was looking up at the stars while she was watching the dog doing what dogs do when I noticed an object moving through the night sky at approx 11:40PM (plus or minus 15 minutes), Saturday November 9th.
.....I first noticed it because it was blocking out the stars as it moved. The object was completely unlit, and was quite dark 1 although not as dark as the blackness of the sky itself. I could clearly make out its boomerang V shape as it passed above me, since it was slightly lighter than the background. It was not easy to see, extremely subtle, and would be easily missed. It was silent. It moved at the same speed and in the same unwavering direction the entire time I watched it. I was able to track it for less than one minute. It moved from roughly north to south across the sky, and was nearly directly overhead as it passed me. Its course would have been roughly parallel to Highway K in O1Fallon, MO, the nearest large road to my viewing location.
I did not get a chance to view its entire course across the sky, I first noticed it perhaps halfway up from the horizon as it approached me and then lost it in a similar position as it passed into the distance...It was impossible for me to tell how big it was or how high due to a lack of scale reference to it.
The object was a squared off 1V1 shaped aerial machine. The angle of the 1V1 was wide, perhaps as much as 120 degrees. It was a narrow, if you want an approx of its appearance/shape/scale then imagine two black 12 inch rulers pinned together at a wide angle.
After looking at it a few seconds, and continued to verbally express my incomprehension of what this object was...the closest aerial vehicle that I know in comparison to what I saw would be the Northrop B2 bomber, which are stationed in central Missouri, and I have seen them in flight before. However, given the actual size of a B2 vs the relative size of the object I saw, the engine noise would have been extreme. 
Other than the green/red lights this sounded very similar...
