{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-11-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529559","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25961","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4158,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/559/mufon-5529559.json","updb_database_id":5529559}
Saw classic disc, no dome, completely reflective Silver, bottom 1/4th spun clockwise, whole craft wobbled slightly and was silently hovering over a 2 story building.

I was 10 or 11 at the time so I don't remember exactly when the sighting happened but I moved from RAFB Upwood, England with my Air Force parents during Fall of 1991 to Loring AFB several years before they closed it down to military. Winter of 1992 when snow on the ground was making it more difficult for me to continue riding my BMX bike to school, I made it to the top of the bike path that cuts through the edge of a wooded area and parallels a road for vehicles. Both roads go down a rather steep hill then the bike path curves left and leads straight to the school grounds. More specifically, the bike racks. The paralleling road T-bones left and right where the bike path only goes left. Going further left down the vehicle road passes the school on ones left then one would arrive at an entry/exit gate. 

After struggling to the top of the hill I stopped and checked my watch. It was about 10 minutes to 8 A.M. I looked down at the bottom then cocked my head up and looked at the mostly cloudy sky. This being a Monday and my hatred of school, I looked up thinking aloud that I hate Mondays and just want this week to hurry up. 

While looking up I noticed a large, smooth and Silver disc floating in the sky maybe a half mile from me across the vehicle-road-going-left, past some trees and above what I think might have been base personnel housing. The object had 2 Black lines. 1 line dividing the object horizontally around the center and the other dividing the bottom half. The very bottom section was rotating at a steady pace clockwise if one were to stand underneath it. Even with these lines sectioning off the craft, it still seemed flush. The object was keeping position yet had a slight wobble to it. When the Sun could break through the clouds, it caused a reflection off the top area of the object. This object was silent in its hover and was only several yards away from the roof of the 2 story building.

I neither felt any sense of fear nor happiness. Just wonder and amazement. I knew from watching cartoons that this is whats called a UFO and knew this wasnt a regular plane; no tail nor wings. I knew I had little time left to get to school on time but wanted to get a closer look so I went down the hill as fast as I safely could. I had to keep my eyes on the path because of branches and very wet snow finally making it to the bottom of the path before it curves left and looked up at where the object was and it wasnt there. I scanned as much of the sky I could but saw nothing.

I hurried to school just making it to homeroom on time. I felt nervous and was eager to tell anyone but class started. I finally told a friend during recess but he just listened and didn't comment on it much. I knew things like this wasnt normal from what I saw in cartoons so kept it to myself. I tried searching online of other witness account but to no avail. I did however find out that there were some 1975 sightings on that base where it hovered over nuclear storage and from whats been reported through a lot of recent TV shows, UFOs have always been attracted to nuclear weapons.

I may have seen 2 other UFOs early September of 2009 flying from Las Vegas, over Colorado on my way back to St. Louis. I should probably report them as well. Although since it happened over Colorado, its been suggested to me that they were probably planes or jets from the nearby military bases.
