{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-23 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496559","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62835","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2591,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/559/mufon-5496559.json","updb_database_id":5496559}
{rjl} We were coming down the driveway and just before turning observed 3 red lights forming a triangle that started to move to the southeast then blinked outP

A co worker and I were coming down the driveway at our place of employment, as we started to turn left I saw 3 lights in the sky that at first were semi obscured by trees. I asked my friend what they were and he thought it was a buoy as we are on the Delaware River. I said that they were way too high for that and he agreed. We then headed towards the lights about 50 yards further down the driveway to get a better look and possibly film the objects. As we filmed from the car and looked, it was clearly 3 red lights forming a triangle that was sort of trying to keep that formation, as they one would go too far left or right. I got out of the car and took my phone to make sure he was using it correctly and found that it was zoomed in all the way and got about another 10 seconds of footage. The objects then speeded up a little and headed southeast, and just shut off the light one by one, until totally fading from view. I raced through possible explanations in my mind and verbally such as Chinese lanterns (but they changed direction) military aircraft in formation(but it would have been a very hard formation to keep not to mention the angle just seemed wrong). We then were very excited because we felt that we had seen a real ufo and actually captured some video. I couldn't make out any structural design of the objects, they just seemed like red lights, swaying a little bit here and there but still keeping a general triangular shape between the three of them. They were facing us dead on when we first observed them which I think would have put them over the river in New Jersey, as they started heading over the river they changed direction to southeast and then just disappeared one by one.
