{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-28 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514559","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43650","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2955,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/559/mufon-5514559.json","updb_database_id":5514559}
{dr}photos taken on 3 different cameras/phones and video taken on 1 phone and 1 camera

I took trash out. Looked up in sky and orange/red fireball caught my eye. I thought a plane was on fire and was going to crash. The fireball never went downward, so i continued to observe. It was moving very slow over the trees. I watched it for 2-3 mins realizing it was no plane. After it passed over head i watched for another min then decided to get someone from inside the house. When we came back out it was gone. She told me I was full of crap. I continued to wait and look around and she went back inside. about 2-3 mins later I saw another fireball coming exactly like the first one. Same path and looked the exact same also. I ran back inside and got her. She saw the 2nd one and was also amazed that it looked like nothing ever seen before. We watched it for about 3-4 mins. We watched it fly over head and over the trees across the street. She went back inside and said if another comes she will bring out the camera. About 2-3mins the 3rd one was coming. Again, everything the exact same as the first 2. This time my kids and brother came outside and saw the slow moving fireball. On the 4th one my mom was out watching it and she ran inside to get my dad. On the 5th one my whole family was out watching it. Everyone says it was no airplane. 3 different cameras/phones got pictures and video. My daughter started to cry at one point because she was scared. On my video you can hear some of the conversations we were having. We could see lights on top of the fireball flashing in sequence at the top of the object counter clockwise. I thought I lost sight of the objects because of the trees, but after reviewing the video the object actually disappeared. The videos shows an airplane while showing the object kind of cross paths. My pictures show the moon and the fireball together. The whole process for me was about 20 mins and I saw 5 fireballs about 2 mins apart. Each fireball was observed for about 3-5 mins. Each video is about 1 min long.

After looking at the web and reading other people around my neighborhood witnessed similar fireball I decided to make this report. They only speak of 1 fireball. I saw 5 and have video and pictures. 
not sure how to upload pictures and video. If you are interested contact me and we can figure out how to get them to you.
