{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-07 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292559","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110763","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2573,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/559/mufon-5292559.json","updb_database_id":5292559}
Thin star-like line moving in sky.

4:30am I was getting in my car and looked up. Very high in the dark sky there was a thin twinkling line moving from west to east. The line was made up what looked like tightly clustered stars all in a line, moving about as quickly as a jet liner or fast moving satellite. 

There was no noise, it did not leave a tail like Hale-Bopp or Neowise. It was a distinctly shaped as a line, with small "twinkles" for each light in the string. I say twinkles because each "light" or "dot" didn't flash, but had more of the quality and color of a twinkling star.

Each of the lights, or twinkles were tightly spaced enough to appear as a 'line" moving through the sky. 

The whole sighting lasted only a few minute as it dipped behind a cloud and reappeared. I did try to take a picture of it with my cell phone but camera did not pick up any of the stars or the object in question.

Size/distance - Unknown, length of the object appeared to be about as long as an average finger or around 3 inches.

Color - White with the twinkle quality of stars

Shape - Simple thin line of star like twinkles, Unable to count how many lights or twinkles in the string. If I had to guess maybe a dozen or more.

Speed - Fast jet liner or fast moving satellite. 

Quality - Silent movement, peacefully moving, no tails, wisps, emissions or other oddities.

Simplified analogy - Looked like seeing a string of Christmas lights in the distance.... individual points of light as a line or string tightly spaced together.

Personal Perspective - Since it was 4:30am, the sun was almost over the horizon but still dark. An object in the upper atmosphere or out side of the atmosphere would likely be illuminated. The length of the line versus distance is of wonder. To be around 3" in length and that far away, it must have been extensive.

I have seen Hale-Bopp, and Neowise both as well as a few meteor showers.. it was nothing like that.

.
