{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-04 23:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517559","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40248","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2946,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/559/mufon-5517559.json","updb_database_id":5517559}
{flg} 4 people spotted red lights in the sky 7/4/12 over Steilacoom, WA. east of Puget Sound.

We were walking east to our car on 7/4/12 around 11:20 pm after viewing a fireworks show that took place in the west over Puget Sound. The fireworks show had ended about 15 minutes prior. A child in our family spotted a penny sized round red-orange light in the sky, much larger than a star, & asked what it was. Two adults and a teenager then saw the light as we stood in front of Oberlin Church in Steilacoom, WA. The child thought she saw a tiny white blinking light on it for a couple of second. There was no sound coming from it. We were puzzled as this was obviously not a plane or helicopter, nor a streetlight. It also looked nothing like any of the fireworks we had viewed. It appeared to be at about 15-20 degrees above street level. The teenager thought it was at least a mile away, the 2 adults thought it seemed as though it was between 500 feet and a mile. As we stood outside, we all watched it move slowly in the east beyond the church parking lot. It dimmed and faded until gone, although according to its speed it should still have been in our line of sight. 

We then walked to our car and as we left the parking lot, one of us looked up and saw 2 similar lights through our front windshield. The 2 adults in the front seat saw these lights,and the child in the backseat saw one of them(probably due to the angle - the teenager was busy texting and didn't see them). This would have been approximately 6-8 minutes after the initial sighting. One of the lights was in approximately the same initial location as the first one had been,and appeared identical to it. The second light, which appeared to be the same size and also red-orange,appeared at a slight distance to the south. Both lights appeared to move slowly, before they dimmed and faded until they were no longer visible. Again, based on their perceived speed, both still should have been in our line of sight. It was a very clear night without any clouds. 

We remarked at the time we saw it, and afterward, how very strange it was. We were very curious about the lights. We have lived in this area for 12 years, and attended the Steilacoom July 4 fireworks celebration about 10 times. None of us had ever seen anything like these lights before. The adults are aged 53 and 46.
