{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-07-01 02:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284790","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118624","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2698,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/790/mufon-5284790.json","updb_database_id":5284790}
Black Triangle like Belguim photos

I was young, maybe 14 or 15. I don't remember what day or year at this point, but it was in Jr High. The date I gave in the form is an estimate. My buddy and I went TP'ing down the road from his house. On the way back, we were walking down the middle of the road laughing and talking. Suddenly a beam of light hits me from above, like a human made spotlight, not anything super unusual, just really bright. My friend pushed me out of the light almost as soon as it shone on me. I had no idea what was happening at this point. I look up after he pushed me and just above the power-lines there was a triangle shaped craft directly overhead shining the spotlight down. It was close enough that we prob could have thrown a rock and hit it. It moved south following the road away from town really slowly, the spotlight panned up from the ground and pointed the same direction it was moving. Then, after a few seconds, there was a flash of blue and it went forward and away faster than anything should be able to. It pretty much vanished with the blue flash. We went back to his house and talked about it all night and drew some pictures but I have no idea where those are now. I've told several people the story over the years and I've watched tons of ufo documentary shows and films hoping to figure it out some day. Now that I know tons of other people have reported black triangles I figured it would be a good idea to add my experience to the data you have. I was hoping by contacting mufon, maybe you could tell me if there were other sightings in the area around that time or before/after. I wish, as a kid, I would have known to report it when it was fresh in my mind, but back then it was considered crazy so I didn't tell my parents or anything, just close friends, most of whom did not believe me, so I kept it quiet. Wish I could give you more detail on when it happened exactly, but all I remember is that it was on a weekend in the summer when I was in Jr High. I actually live less than a mile from where it happened now. I've never seen anything like it since then.
