{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-01 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511790","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46548","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2509,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/790/mufon-5511790.json","updb_database_id":5511790}
{dr}Circular object with flashing lights hovers over homes in Copperas Cove,TX

Around 10:30pm I went to open the window and when I pulled up the blinds I saw a circular object with flashing lights slowly hovering over homes here in Copperas Cove, TX. At first I thought it was a plane, but Ive lived here since June 2010 and the planes that Ive seen never fly so low, are loud, and never this shape with all those lights flashing in a circular direction. Then I thought it was a helicopter, even though I know helicopters arent circular shaped however the propellers do go in a circular motion, I convinced myself that it could be that, so I listened for the sound and everything was silent. It was so weird. Definitely wasnt a helicopter. So I called my husband to come quick because I wanted him to explain what I was seeing. At this point the object had moved west but my husband was able to observe it before our view would be obstructed by distant homes. After a few seconds of silence, my husband said, "I think that was a UFO." My thought exactly but I didn't say it because I didn't want to sound dumb and/or influence his thoughts. My husband is in the military and assured himself as well as me, that it wasnt flares. He seemed confused. He also noticed that I was feeling nervous and that I kept going back to look out the window so he then said, "Maybe it was a UAV". So I started to second guess myself. I got on the internet researched UAVs and let me tell you, I am more convinced now that we saw a UFO. UAVs are a significantly smaller, do not have all the lights I saw, and not circular (disc) shaped. After reading into UAVs, I googled UFO sightings in Copperas Cove, TX and one other person commented about it, but just said it was scary, and didn't give much information. I would like to know that we arent the only ones that saw this. Hoping other people come forward. Should have recorded it.
