{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-31 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506790","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51964","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3232,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/790/mufon-5506790.json","updb_database_id":5506790}
{kt}It upset my husband and I so much we call MUFON, because I have made a report before, and the fire department, also neighbors.

My husband went to the store are 6:55 PM he called me right away to tell me to outside to look at the lights. I could not see them, he told me to walk down toward the edge of the driveway and I saw a bright light. It was very bright. My husband told me to call someone, so I contacted MUFON and left a message. He was so frightened he asked me to call the Air Force, but I couldn1t find a phone number. I watched it and took video of it and so did he. Then he came home, and his boss called him on Ranch 4 to go meet him. I answered the phone. I asked our boss to look outside to see the UFO, he said it looked like a planet or something he was not sure. I hung up the phone while my husband was going to going met him his boss. While my husband was gone I was outside looking up and the object moved from the driveway side to my front door side. I was getting very upset, because he was still at ranch 4 with his boss, so I called the fire department, but they said they did not see it. The fire department is far from us, so maybe they did not, but I think they were scared. 
What did you think the object was when you first noticed it? A UFO. 
Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail. It kept moving from the side of the driveway to the front door. It did this 4 times and then vanished. It was back and forth from 7:00pm until 8:45pm. I starting getting panicky when my Turkeys fluffed up, and the chickens started clucking, and the Lamb seemed dazed. 
Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object. I have seen UFO1s a lot as I have previously reported off and on for the last 18 years, but this time was different. I really was frightened, and I still am a tad. 
How did you lose sight of the object? It disappeared just like that. 
As I am uploading the pictures and videos from both cell-phone, my husband being on Ranch 4 and I being on Ranch 3 both have identical pictures and videos.
