{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-09-25 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547790","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"14380","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7727,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/790/mufon-5547790.json","updb_database_id":5547790}
Video of orb and flashing multicolor triangles in bedroom.

I have been very reluctant to post my video and have been sitting on it for over 2 months deciding whether to post it or not. Well today is the day. I assure you everything I am saying here is 100% TRUE.
I am a new member.. All my life I never believed in UFOS. I thought people who claimed they had sightings were nuts. Three years ago I started watching youtube videos of UFOS and I was shocked at what I saw people capturing on home video and then I became a believer. I do believe that flying triangles are governmental in nature.(just my opinion) I saw films from the 80's on youtube where they were using antigravity technology in air craft. I do think the orbs and the flying serpents are UFO's and are of another world. I am 42 female, was a new ager, astrologer. studied esoteric books for over 30 years.I had many paranormal experiences through my life including NDE, Astral Projections and many weird happenings throughout my life. To long to explain here, believe me I could write a astonishing book on my experiences.
I recently found out about the New world Order about 6 months ago and how the governments of the world are actually practicing,worshiping lucifer and erecting statues of the pagen deities over governmental sites.I have read about it for so many years, but as much as you study esoteric knowledge somewhere in the back of your head you remain a little skeptical, because you are never 100% sure how much of what you are reading is really true. I know the most important symbology of the New World Order is the triangle. I do know astrology is true, not Sunday morning newspaper astrology but REAL ASTROLOGY. The subject is profound, complicated and at times frightening.
I recently had 3 major events happen to me in the past 4 months that have me scratching my head. I have one on video which I will post.
The one I have on video is the most puzzling
PLEASE KEEP IN MIND MY CAMERA THAT CAPTURES VIDEO IS BROKE SO IT LOOKS LIKE NIGHT TIME WHEN I TOOK THE VIDEO BUT IT WAS STILL LIGHT IN MY ROOM WHEN I FILMED THIS. SOMETHING IS WRONG WITH THE SETTINGS FOR THE LIGHTING. THE PICTURE I TOOK SHOWS ABOUT THE SAME LIGHTING AS WHEN I FILMED THE VIDEO OF ORBS AND TRIANGLES. ALSO THE FLASHING RED LIGHT YOU SEE IS FROM MY CAMERA. IT TAKE OK PICTURES BUT THE VIDEO SETTINGS ARE BROKE.
It was the last week of Sept 2008 about 5:30pm. I got out of the shower and went to my closet in my bedroom. As I was about to walk into my closet I briefly noticed a white glowing orb on my wall. I thought at first glance it was the sun beaming onto my wall from my window. It seemed strangely glowing, Oval and about 2 1/2 inches in diameter. I proceeded to walk into my (walk in closet) and change. When I walked out of my closet and I walked up to the wall for a better look I was AMAZED and SHOCKED to see a dozen flashing multicolored triangles next to the glowing orb. Flashing IN and OUT. I couldn't believe my eyes! I said out loud wait here I am getting my camera, that's why on the video you hear me say "Thank you". I ran to find my camera which can also film video. By the time I got back with the camera the orb had reduced in size to about 1 inch maybe 2 in diameter, the flashing triangles were still there. I watched it for a few minutes before it faded out. (Which you see on the video)
I want to point out that prior to this, about 1 month before this event I had prayed to God to please let me see him, and about 2 weeks later I the first experience in these series of episodes. My husband was sleeping in the bedroom, the lights and TV were off and I had just laid down. I looked up at the ceiling and there was a 5 inch glowing orb on my ceiling, I couldn't believe what I was seeing. (It looked the the one you see in the video but bigger) I looked around the room to see to see if it was a reflection coming from somewhere. It was pitch black in the room and no explanation for it. I woke my husband up because I thought I was seeing things. He turned around half asleep and said he saw it to. Honestly this was very unnerving, I put the covers over my head and fell asleep. 2 weeks later is when I had the flashing triangle episode.
About a week after the triangle episode about 5:00am in the morning I was looking out my back window because I heard some noise coming from the business strip in the back of our parking lot(See Pic). I opened the window and noticed a truck in the business strip which I assumed was the noise I was hearing. Out of nowhere I see what looks like a comet with a flame going perfectly horizontal 100 feet above my parking lot. I was shocked because it did not come down vertically from the sky. It was perfectly horizontal like someone shot it through a cannon. It was a very big size and very bright. I can't explain what I saw. I saw a video on youtube of a flaming comet that was coming down from the sky, but was traveling one way then would change directions, then change directions again. It was a amazing video and not a comet as it appeared to be because of the erratic changes in direction.
I saw a posting today on MUFON Dec 12th 2008 from someone that had a similar experience withe glowing orbs in his house.
I know in the kabbalah, ancient Egyptian esoteric Sun Worship, astrology and gnostic circles this event may be seen as a Good Omen, being that the up side triangle represent fire and the downward triangle water, the male and female principle and a sign of enlightenment, but after listening to Tom Horn, Steve Quayle, David Flynn and Joye Pugh I have came to believe that maybe it is something more sinister, maybe a deception. I am not sure but the more I have learned about what is happening in the world the more frightened I become.
I was baptized Catholic have been a new ager for most of my life until now. Something very strange is happening in the world today and I believe we are on the cusp of something very unbelievable that is going to happen. The fact that there are governmental groups worshiping Lucifer as the bearer of light and erecting pagen statues has made me run back to my Christian roots. If there is Lucifer then there is Jesus. Ufos are in the bible as well as stargates worm holes and inter dimensional beings, fallen Angels and Nephelim. Research Tom Horn, Steve Quayle, David Flynn and Joyce Pugh. I know it's clearly states in the bible that a falling away would occur and a great deception will spread the world over and even the elect will be deceived
I am in a state of confusion as to it's meaning. My esoteric knowledge says Good. My faith say's Bad. 
Your thoughts are much appreciated....BUT before you comment please research those researchers I have listed above.
I listed on Mufon message board You can post a reply on the message board
