{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-10 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486790","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72901","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3428,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/790/mufon-5486790.json","updb_database_id":5486790}
{jpg} I was taking pics of the landscape and noticed two blue orbs in my pictures after downloading them to my computer.

On November, 10, 2015, around 4:30 PM Hawaiian time, I was heading back from dinner in Kona, HI to my time-share in Waikoloa Village, HI with my two friends in a convertable Mercedes with the top down. I had just arrived a week prior and was in full-throttle, tourist mode, taking pictures and videos of almost everything I encountered. Driving at 55 mph, I alternated between still shots and video clips. I did not intend to take any video footage but I have an iPhone 6s and I believe it must take video footage without you asking it to because I have five video clips and five pictures that show a blue disk in the sky, and a blue laser-like orb dancing around our car and around my head. I only saw the objects yesterday because I uploaded all my photos and videos to my computer to see my tourist footage and show friends.

My friend I was showing the footage to noticed the blue orb in the sky from a still shot and asked me if I knew what it was. I did not, so we zoomed in on it and it appeared to be shaped like a human stomach but it glowed blue on the exterior and white in the center. We kept looking at the pics and eventually we came to a video of the same footage. It was very electrifying because in the video footage, we saw a blue orb moving sparadically in our vehicle, mostly around my straw-hatted, head while the glowing, stomach-shaped object in the sky gradually changed into a circle.

I do not recall my feelings being anything other than elated the entire month I stayed on the island and the work I was doing there came out exceptionally well.

I am sharing the original video footage and pictures of this encounter and I welcome someone, or something to please explain what I saw.
