{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-12 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496790","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62589","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5136,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/790/mufon-5496790.json","updb_database_id":5496790}
Unusual light in night sky observed for over an hour and with 11mins of good quality HD cam footage.

I was in my home and had gone to the rear of the property to let my dog out into my yard for his final toilet trip before retiring for the evening.Where I live has little light pollution and I often look up at the night sky as we have some fantastic clear evenings. As I opened my yard door which faces due South I immediately noticed a pulsating object in the night sky where there is normally not any aircraft or stars. It was high enough to be an aircraft but too low to be a star and at first I though it might be a helicopter. Earlier that evening, approximately 3.5 hours, I heard a helicopter and saw a green light from the helicopter a few hundred feet up to my East. 

I am a surfer and very familiar with the layout of my local coastline and the flightpath both commercial, private and military aircraft take. This light was not in the part of the sky I would expect to see them. I could not hear any noise at all from the object which seemed to be at least 2 miles away. I kept watching waiting for the object to move but it stayed put. The longer I watched it, at this stage for 10 mins I was very surprised as it seemed to be pulsating and not anything I had seen before.

Out of interest and knowing it would afford me a better view of the object I went looking for my HD video camera which has a decent zoom function. I found it easily as my eldest child had been using it a few weeks back. Unfortunately the battery had been drained. I went looking for a charging cable and found it, all the while certain the object would be gone. By the time I found the power cable and connected it to the camera, I would say 10mins had elapsed. 

To my surprise the object was still there but it had moved slightly West. I used an extension cable which I plugged into a nearby power socket and that started giving some power to the camera. Frustratingly as I tried to zoom in on the object the camera kept dying, I think due to lack of power. I left it a few mins to charge and tried again.

Thankfully the cable power had sufficiently brought the camera back to life and I was able to zoom in on the object. I was shocked at the clarity of the image I saw. I was using a Panasonic HC-V720, 20.4 megapixel, 28mm wide, x50 i.zoom camera. I purchased it last year to take footage of a surf trip I made to the Maldives. 

I started recording standing in the doorway of the yard door and took several minutes of footage. You can hear my wife in the background telling me to stop filming and come to bed. Knowing I was seeing something unusual I kept filming before I had to adjust my position. The object was clearly moving into and out of sharp focus which suggested to me it was maintaining altitude but moving directly North and South.

I took the extension cable out into the yard in my bare feet as I did not want to risk going in to put boots on for fear of missing the object. By this time it had moved West but at the same altitude. I started filming again and got another 6 mins of footage. I panned out twice I think to show the building next to mine and a nearby street light to try and give some perspective on distance and size of the object. To me it looked very large given the distance from me to it. 

I eventually got really cold as it was not much above freezing. I stopped filming and went to bed. I woke at 6am when it was still dark and went into the yard again but could not see the object. In hindsight I should have put some warm clothes on and continued filming.

Having watched the footage I took I can clearly see a distinct outline to the object which has a domed top, bulges in the middle and a dome below. It also very clearly has pulsating colours and lights at both its core and its outline. As a child I was a keen attender of air shows and since then see lots of aircraft in my area as it has a flight path to my nearest civilian airport. I am familiar with what civilian aircraft and military aircraft look like. This was not like anything I know of and made no noise. This shape and the objects behaviour puts it outside of any aircraft I am aware of and I would very much like to know if I was filming as star, planet, low earth orbit satellite etc. The more I watch the footage the more intrigued I am.
