{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-10 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288688","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114675","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2917,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/688/mufon-5288688.json","updb_database_id":5288688}
at least 2 fighter jets chase and also at times seem to be searching for at least 6 or 7 objects that shot out of the same spot in the sky.

Sometime around 8 or 8:30 pm Saturday 04/10/2021 My husband and I noticed some faint random stationary blinking lights all in the same area. They were very faint in brightness, barely visible. Sometime after a fighter jet flies by the area. thought this was weird because they usually don't fly by this late, as far as i know. Then the fighter jet shoots out 2 short flares ( they didn't last long at all). Shortly after that the fighter jet comes back the way it came and drops two more short flares, but in a different location. Some time after the jet can no longer be seen or heard (maybe 5 or 10 minutes later) in between where the jet had released flares my husband and I see what we thought was a bright short shooting star come out of sky but then another one and another one and another one, so on and so forth ( 6 to 7 in all) one after another all from the exact spot. After the second we were both like these are not shooting stars. Then they were gone from view as quickly as they came. shorty after we saw these objects the fighter jet comes back and heads in the direction these objects were heading. shorty after that another fighter jet comes and makes a sharp turn in the direction the objects and other fighter jet were heading. everything is quiet for awhile until sometime later a fighter jet comes back full speed, something flies by it ( looked like an orb of light/ satellite). jet makes hard turn towards it and follows it. the jet could not keep up. Like a game of cat and mouse. Sometime after that we noticed more lights in the sky, but they looked and acted like satellites, but the fighter jets did keep flying over a few more times. It seemed as if they were looking for and chasing after these objects. Until they finally seemed to give up and fly away casually in sync together. Saw a few more lights after this but again looked as if they could be satellites and the jets never came back. All of this happened within a span of 45 mins maybe an hour. Not sure what my husband and I saw tonight but whatever it was, it was not normal. I would be extremely shocked if someone else ( besides the pilots of the fighter jets) did not witness this event.
