{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497688","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61655","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2583,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/688/mufon-5497688.json","updb_database_id":5497688}
Strange sounds and object

(please excuse if my english is not the best)

Was sitting infront of my computer playing some games in the eve.
As I was playing, I hear a strange sound (I would desicribe it as if a heavy metal lid was spinning (english is not my native language so a lil hard to find the proper words for the actual sound, but imagine getting a manhole lid and putting that to a spin and when its about to topple over it may make a similar sound). This sound was heard 3 times a few seconds apart from each. Now I would probably have ignored it if it was not for the fact that at the same time light in the room became very muted, sound of my computer and tv in the background became muted as well, along with any sounds outside stoping (most noticeable where that all the birds went entierly silent). I did manage a quick glance to the side, and was sorta "muted" bluish light that only lasted for a short time before it vanished. This made me rush to some of the other rooms at my place yet nothing could be seen. As I was currious I headed outside to see if I could find anything. For some reason I headed towards a area nearby that is quite open (no idea WHY I headed there though). As i reached the field I saw this huge disc shaped object in the sky, as it was rainy it was a bit hard hard make out much detail, I could see it did seem to be quite smoth, and very dark with a hazy bluish glow around it (not a strong glow but enough to show it). After a few min the thing just darted off (quite smooth acceleration at a angle towards the sky).
Quite shaken by the thing it took me several hours before I could manage to fall asleep that night. And while I can't claim to be abducted I also noticed something just under the skin of one of my fingers (one can clearly see something is there), I have no idea what it is, how it got there, but I still have it in my finger (I'm not to comfortable heading to a doctor with it for several reason, I however dun think its doing antyhing "bad)
