Case No. 1148 15072020

Date: August 2010.

Approximate Time: 08:00 local time.

Weather:

                                  N/A

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: M. H. L., 47 years old.

Description: The witness reported that in August 2010 (he does not remember the exact date), approximately at 08:00 AM, while walking down Santa Isabel street towards the East, almost reaching Vicuña Mackenna Avenue, in Santiago, Metropolitan Region, he would have seen the flight of five phenomena that he described as "ships."
He reported that he was with another person who also saw the same thing, describing them as "round, camouflaged in the shape of clouds but round like a DONUTS with a hole in the middle... lead-colored like a cloud."

The witness - as a way to graphically illustrate part of his experience - sent a series of photos he took this week of the location where he allegedly had the sighting of the phenomenon.

Due to the time that has passed and since we do not have the exact date of the sighting, it was not possible to determine the conditions.
Atmospheric conditions at the time, such as temperature, wind, pressure, and humidity.

Similarly, it is impossible for us to know about any air traffic or balloons that may have been recorded.

The witness was asked for their name and information to interview the other person who observed the phenomenon, with whom they have not communicated in years.

Images: The witness provided a drawing. They do not have any photos or videos.

Conclusion: Only this person's account is available. There was a second witness who could not be located.
with photographs or videos to analyze.

In addition to the above, the witness's observation dates from August 2010, without a specific day being able to be established.

The case was closed according to Chapter 2, items 2d and 2e, which state that the report does not contain images and that the time of the event, which is over a year old, is in accordance with the Technical Instruction Procedure, Times of Investigation, Reception of Background Information, Preparation of Executive Report.
CEFAA Report Archive. Case classified as “Narrative”.
