{"created_utc": "2026-08-26T00:44:03Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 76470, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-01/documents/dow-uap-d51-email-correspondence-pacific-time-zone-march-2023.pdf", "source_sha256": "f21f4ae91e51810bfa8a6fce6c422f2bbf99c6277871846c642f987954c042f6"}

(b) (6)
 Good morning!

 Thank you for your patience on this-- like I said, this was a first for me.
 Upon consulting internally here at HQ, our folks confirmed we do have the
 authority to process this as a derivative classification review, instead of
 a declassification request. Based upon the summary you provided below, I
 concur with using this at the UNCLASSIFIED level in your product. Consider
 your request approved.

 Please let me know if there's anything else I can do for you!

 Thanks,

 (b) (6)
 OSI CI Collections and Operations PM
 Intelligence Oversight PM


 (b) (6)

(b) (6)
1.4(a)


 Good morning,

 Thank you for your request. Our process for declassifying IIRs is lengthy
 and requires AFOSI Commander signature so I'm exploring options akin to a
 security review of the UNCLASS summary you have provided below. This is a
 first for me so I appreciate your patience as I try to streamline this
 request for you!

 Thanks,


 (b) (6)
 OSI CI Collections and Operations PM
 Intelligence Oversight PM
1.4(a)
1.4(a)
 CURRENT CLASSIFICATION S//NF-REQUESTED CLASSIFICATION UNCLASSIFIED

 Reported Appearance: An individual reported observing a large blue
 featureless triangular object with a solid, unwavering silhouette emitting
 powerful "whitish blue" light from multiple points along its perimeter.

 Reported Behavior: The reporter described the object as "hovering"
 stationary above or near a national security facility for approximately
 three minutes. They then reported observing it move to a position higher in
 their field of view. The reporter characterized the object's motion as
 "backing up" in a "jerking" or "jumping" manner inconsistent with "smooth"
 jet propulsion. The individual reported that they observed the object for
 approximately eight minutes.

 Other Observations: The reporter commented that they could not discern
 whether or how the object was controlled, could not identify its means of
 propulsion, and could not determine whether it had a defined "front or
 rear." They stated that they "didn't think" the object was a drone.

 The reporter also commented on behaviors and capabilities they did not
 directly observe. They stated that the object did not seem to travel along a
 defined flight path, possess any "photograph or data collection
 capabilities," emit a "vapor trail," or demonstrate "cloaking capabilities."


 Event Summary:

 Location: Pacific Time Zone

 Date: March 2023

 Time of Day: Night

 Duration: Approx. 8 minutes

 Reporter Type: Civilian

 Obtained by: Personal cellular device


 Reported Characteristics:

 Altitude: Not reported
Speed: Not reported

Size: Large

Shape: Triangular

Color: Blue

Material: Not reported

Markings: Featureless

Behavior: Emitting light, erratic movement


The IIR and draft report are attached.

This is a routine request, please confirm receipt.


If you have any questions, please contact me.


(b) (6)
Information Disclosure Analyst

Office of the Undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security

(b) (6)


CLASSIFICATION: SECRET//NOFORN


CLASSIFICATION: SECRET//NOFORN
