{"collection":"UPDB-BAASS","document_date":"2009-09-02 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-baass-report-6053076","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"B-015J","source_file":"UPDB-BAASS/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":6053076,"updb_source":"BAASS"}
One Diamond Shaped Glowing Object Moving Slowly. Mufon Case Number: 19047 | Dispatch Number: 20090915-3 | Identification: I Asked Andrew If There Was Any Chance That This Object Could Have Been A Plane, Blimp, Helicopter Or A Type Of Military Aircraft And He Said That It Would Be Highly Unlikely Given The Shape And Action Of This Object. 

Catalog Entry: B-015J
Time of day: Night
Weather: Cloudy
Witness Reactions: I Asked Andrew If He Had Felt Any Difference Personally And He Responded 'No, But I Was Shaken By What I Saw.'
Shape: Elongated Diamond That Was Fairly Thick And Long. There Was Some Type Of Support In The Middle Of The Object As Viewed From The Bottom. It Was Real Boxy With Two Grooves That Looked Like Vertical Lines From The Front To The Back. It Looked As Though This Thing Should Not Have Been Able To Stay In The Air. It Had A Creased Section In The Middle, Almost Like A Paper Airplane. It Kind Of Dipped Down In The Center And It Seemed To Have Lines All Over It, Like Sharp Grooves Along The Surface With The Bright Glowing Red Center Which Were Three Thick Arch Shaped Points Of Light That Together Formed A Circle Which Had Gaps Between Them Appearing Almost Like Supports Between Each Piece. He Again Related It To The Simon Game That Was Produced By Parker Brothers In The Early To Late 70'S.
Size meters: It Had To Be About 2-3 Buses Long And 2 Buses Wide.
Trajectory (Lift / Propulsion): Direction: SW
 Movement: He noticed an object flying slowly. The object appeared to be just ahead of him traveling northwest when he also noticed two vehicles, a white suv and a yellow sports car that seemed to be chasing or following the object. He quickly lost sight of the object but was able to continue following the other vehicles that were following the object. When he regained sight of the object, it had changed its direction and was headed southwest. He then noticed that there were now three cars in pursuit, the white suv, the yellow sports car and an additional vehicle, a maroon colored suv. It's movement was fluid, smooth and had no wobble. He said that he has never seen a plane move that slow and couldn't understand how it was staying in the air. He explained that there were no vibrations that he could see. He said that the object disappeared out of sight and then he noticed a helicopter fly into the area that seemed to be searching forsomething.
 Speed:
 Distance: 'About 400 feet, more or less.
 Altitude:
 Angle of Observation:
 Effects:
 
 
Nature of Phenomenon: Count: 1
 Color: gray/lead surface, glowing red
 Surface:
 Windows:
 Miscellaneous:
 
Light Emissions: It Appeared To Be Glowing Red At The Bottom With Three Strong Lights In The Middle Making A Broken Circle. He Equated The Object To The Simon Game With The Blinking Lights. He Said That The Light Looked Like A Broken Circle With A Bright Red Light Emanating From It Although The Whole Bottom Appeared To Be A Dim Reddish Color. The Light Appeared To Be Ambient And Not Directional.
