{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1994-04-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5182483","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"pct2mn","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5182483,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Farm animals reported unusually calm after a rectangular object passedGroup /Category 4

Animal Effect Cases

Case Directory
Grandville, Tennessee
April 12, 1994

Animal Reaction Feature:
A variety of mostly farm animals were unusually calm during the time that
a rectangular, rumbling object moved by at an estimated altitude of 100 feet
and about 500 feet away from the witnesses.   The animals1
calmness persisted afterward. Animals involved were 5 goats, 4 dogs,
9 geese, 40 chickens, at least 1 cow and a horse.

Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist:
In a wooded and mountainous setting at 9:30 pm on a clear night, two witnesses
went outdoors. A woman, 52, owner of a business and MUFON field investigator,
and her husband, 55, retired police officer, saw a dark-surfaced rectangular
object estimated to be larger than a house, moving very slowly above the tree
tops with a rumbling, engine-like sound.  A bright, unwavering
white light was located at each of two corners while trees hid the other two
corners. When the object disappeared from sight, there was a 1sudden
flash of white light1 and the rumbling sound ceased.

The elevation of the object was estimated to be 60 degrees and the flight
path was straight line. Duration of sighting was 5 minutes.

No EM effects were reported. The witnesses reported many physiological
(and psychological) effects. Physiological effects reported were all
after the event and were: Joint-Muscle stiffness, eyes and nose effected,
headache, fatigue, sleep problems [flu?1jw]. Psychological effects at
the time of the sighting were feelings of calm and elation. Later psychological
effects after the sighting were: impaired thinking, telepathy, precognition,
insomnia, and obsession. Some healing effects were also reported.

Source:
MUFON UFO DATABASE, Portion of Reports from the Files at MUFON Headquarters,
July 1999, Sequin TX, CD-ROM, Case Log #941214S by LaVere M. Pisut.
