{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-05-20 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546259","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"23914","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3077,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/259/mufon-5546259.json","updb_database_id":5546259}
Bright slow pulsating blue and white light.

As I was driving down Lucent Blvd heading southto County Line Rd, I looked to my left towards the mountains/west as I crossed C470 and saw a bright light in the sky over the Ken Carl area/direction. As I made a left/west on County Line Rd I got real excited and stopped the car for around 6 seconds and watched the light. It stayed stationary and pulsated from a white-ish blue to nothing to a white then to a light blue to nothing then so on and so forth in that similar pattern. Sometimes the blue would show, sometimes it would not and sometimes the blue would flicker. Now out here, there is a flight pattern coming from the south west over the Rockies heading north east towards DIA, and that is the fist thing I check for to see if it is moving like the jets/planes and it stayed still/stationary as I reached Santa Fe Dr.

The positioning of the light was above and to the left of Spica and Porrima in the Virgin constellation and Saturn was below and to the right of Virgin and the Moon and Mars were below the horizon. 

As I reached Santa Fe Dr I stopped at the yield sign to see if the light was moving. It was in the same place, not moving, and still pulsating. I turned right/north and immediately contacted a friend who lived north east of County Line Rd and Santa Fe Dr, which I knew would also have a good view from the back of his house. He confirmed the sighting and described to me what I was seeing as I traveled slower than the speed limit down Santa Fe keeping an eye on the object when I could. By the time I reached Bowles Ave the light appeared to be slowly getting smaller/heading straight towards and over the mountains directly west.

It took about three minutes to park the car, run inside, and grab a pair of binoculars. As I ran to a good view point, which took about 2 minutes, I asked my friend who was still on the phone if it was still there and he said it was, so I got off the phone and started to look for the light and it was gone. There were a lot of bright city lights around the intersection, but this light/object was way brighter than the Virgin constellation, and I could clearly see the Virgin constellation with no problem.

A few days ago the subject came up when I was talking to my friend and he said ethe object was moving west and then what looked like it just dropped out of the sky and disappeared. No explosion, no nothing. The light went out as it dropped and was gone.
