{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-16 22:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291259","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112077","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2260,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/259/mufon-5291259.json","updb_database_id":5291259}
Orange glowing sphere looked like a mini setting sun but smaller that was moving high speed and instantaneously changed direction with impossible exac

It was summer 2012. A friend and I were out driving around in the country and decided to go sit under one of the wind turbines about 30 min from where we live. 

We had been there a few minutes and were chatting when she interrupted me to point out a strange orange light in the distance. It was sunset and I used to be a pilot so I laughed and said it's just a plane. 

She said "No, look you idiot". 

When I looked closer I noticed it wasn't appearing as it should if it were a solid human made object reflecting the sun. 

It appeared to be a perfect sphere that was self luminous, it was at cloud height and there were small clouds nearby. 

I also work in CGI, so this is what grabbed my attention. I could see that the orb was illuminating the colours around it of its own light.  

Whilst my brain was trying to make sense of this, it was also moving perfectly smoothly in a straight line, the thing made a perfect 90 degree turn without any indication it had mass. 

That was when I freaked out. I remember all the hair on my skin stood up, I immediately got out of the car to try and get a better view.  

The course correction had it aimed directly away from it. 

I estimate it's height at 2500 feet.  It went from 1-2 miles away to beyond the horizon in about 20 seconds.  

Perfect unwavering orange ball, moved in pefectly straight lines, sound less. 

I would put my life on this account being true. I only submitted as people are starting to understand something is going on.
