{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489259","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70366","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2811,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/259/mufon-5489259.json","updb_database_id":5489259}
I saw two lights that appeared then flew as far as i could see in less than 2 seconds

08/11/2015

I was at a friends house chilling, having a beer and catching up as we'd not seen each other for a few weeks, after a while I went outside to smoke a cigarette. I lit my cigarette and sat down in a chair in his back yard.

As I looked up at the sky in front of me I saw the flashing lights of a passenger plane that looked like it was on the landing approach to Liverpool John Lennon airport, flying in from left to right (east to west), this is more than 20 miles away from my location in Westhoughton. As I watched the plane on its approach I noticed a flash of light above My head over 500 ft above and slightly to the left of me, this light immediately went from its position heading south at speed that I have never witnessed in my life. the flight path was direct from north to south and flew pretty close to the rear of the plane in view, as the light left my view I noticed another flash of light above and to the left of me only a little to the right from where the first light appeared, that object then took the same path as the first and seemed to fly over the landing plane and at the same speed as the last light.

all this happened in less than 2 seconds and in complete silence. I was so excited i lept from my seat and started to shout my friend who was inside his house talking to another friend, I could see him trough his window and he was less than 8 ft from my location. I shouted him about 3 times as loud as I dared without upsetting the neighbours, but he never heard my calls. I only lost sight of the objects because of the speed they were doing they hit the horizon in a split second.

This is not my first sighting of these types of craft but was the most exiting that's the reason for me to share this with you guys. I have seen them in the daytime where I live in Westhoughton, they were both spherical silver objects probably the size of a minivan, I have also seen them on 2 occasions whilst on holiday in Egypt and have seen them at night time leaving the atmosphere. But last night was by far the most exciting experience I have ever had, and look forward to many more.

Thanx for reading.
