{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-12-06 09:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491259","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68312","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7400,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/259/mufon-5491259.json","updb_database_id":5491259}
abducted My hunting dog

"On this day-December 6th -2003 at 9:00am hunting down rabbits along a 5 mile stretch of railroad tracks between crowley,louisiana and rayne Louisiana. we approached a small train bridge between the two towns-My Hunting Dog "HUNTERBONE" -a German shepard-5years old and very keen and extremely dangerous to any Mortal Enemies-Including Trains,Humans,bigfoots and Varmits. He was trained in the bayou,s of Louisiana and snake bite country. so, as you will realize he anit No Toy!! Hunterbone was a Lethal reality of Raw -Katt-creeping -Hell and a silent Killer!a K-9 Attacker and BodyGuard and family Dog..**THE STORY- we came upon a small Train bridge and hunter went under to drink some creek water and sniff-out the perimeter. i noticed he Keyed in on something*(ALPHA-TUNED) As hunter dissapeared into the field beyond the trees- i followed at rabbit/fox pace with my 12 Guage Remington shotgun ready to shoot at whatever he chased out-I Noticed he was stationary -looking upward with his tail straight up in the air. BINGO-!!Game or somthing!!Rabbit maybe?-But NO!!That was Not the case at all. It was of a large alien saucer hovering 40 feet above the Ground.a disc saucer with multiple variety of Lights and a humming -pulse sound and vibration. as Brave as HUNTERBONE was-He sure earned his Indian feather Today! he woofed at the strange craft and it descended instantly to the Ground in front of us 50 feet away. I said..."HUNTER!!Get Back over Here son!!" as he usual did-Hunter went into the Tiger-crawl position and started to creep slowly towards the vehicle. as soon as i came out of the tree-line -We noticed the vehicle rise and go above us about 40 feet -Then WHOOOOSH we were sucked up into the craft!!- Then these big eyed aliens-communicating to me without talking were the little aliens were telling me Not to be afraid!Grey dudes who said to me.."Our son..we have picked you for our special Mission today. "OH Yeah..whats that i insisted? you will see shortly.-then i was on some type of examination table and the Leader said to me.."Do you know of us our son? we are the STAR PEOPLE.THE ALIEN ELDERS OF LIGHT!! I retorted.."Oh,well-Im so happy for you!! i began to ask about thier capabilities and they loosed me from the table! i asked about the instruments and navigational aspects. The leader showed me the star map-and other things-A control type chair-and a theatre type viewing screen. He said to me..."we will now go to the heavens and see the planets.." Ok bye me !!..i said telepathically.For recon issues.,I am A Military veteran ,so i had to ask questions and Probe the Creatures for my own Mind to act upon and survival type issues. i also noticed my hunting dog was floating about the ship like a stuffed animal.!!The leader said...we had to zapp your Dog because he Tried to BITE the entire crew!!*(Thats my Hunterbone)as we asscended to the moon and other places-which i realized took only thin seconds to do-I asked about any weapon capabilities-.."Yes our son..we could destroy anything we choose at random...but we dont!our condensed lazer weapons would end all wars!!!we would evaporate any targets given! so,we do experiments-Not start wars!!OK...I said emphatically.Knowing that nuclear war and atomic war and any lazer wars would be Stupid!! what about earth? =his reply.."we visited many times to your earth for many ages. Millions of light years was his answer.what about cows and humans?? ..."they are very usefull to us for continiuos life continuim abilities and resources.Blood plazma usage. we hunted the earth many millineum to achieve our goals of furthering our kind. Then, somewhere between here and forever...i was thrust back to earth...walking with my shotgun-*NO AMMO OF COURSE!!walking down the railroad tracks with hunter piddering with me at a fairly brisk rate-towards crowley,la.but he kept on Going and wasnt checking me at all.I then froze solid in my tracks-jerking my head fast to the right to see them still over the field hovering in the ship i just rode on. i looked for 30 seconds..and then they swooshed away to the NE direction -away went they and Quick too!! i finally turned and went towards my 79 Dodge parked under the large traffic bridge in crowley,la. and saw Hunter in the back seat starring at me and panting for water. i noticed he was always afraid of lighting...But aliens ?w NOT TODAY SONNYBOY!!What a brave son of the Bayou he was for me!!My hero for sure. he earned his feather Today! we smooched and went back home where we noticed we were both tired as hell!he got Vitamin D milk and i got gatorade. i did notice that time had gone fast-3 hours lost completely-exc ept i will always remember the Entire experience.sorry to say.. Hunter is dead in 2015 -he was put down by animal control in 2004-for bitting the mailman-.SAD!! i was told he had to have a $100,00 insurance bond on him-plus pay the mailmans stitches and then have him back!!Hunterbone started the Dangerous dog act in crowley,la. well, i could not afford the $100,000 insurance -and i held HUNTERBONE while they injected him with a lethal dose -instant death!! i put a HOLY Rosary around his neck while he was put-down-then i buried him in My backyard. **PS_ that night as i slept-i felt Hunter jump on my feet-.."MOMMA? ITS ME HUNTER!!--...HUNTERBONE-My Indian GUIDE-DOG!!Me Not dead No Momma!!me HOLY!! thus, i give you this story to gleen from as you seek to understand.They need universal peace from us all !! the STAR PEOPLE!! i know they fly all around -because i communicate with them daily and understand their gift to man is Needed.they hate Nuclear war-they hate man fighting and want Universal accord for us all. even in the Millineum of CHRIST-im sure they will be with us planting food and helping man maintain the earth and her resources. do your Homework on aliens folks...im sure you have a similar story to tell!! And yes ,i met the MEN IN BLACK as they assured me i was justified in having an experience!! I did ask them to give me some Money to compensate for the Ordeal!!i meaN IF THEY ARE TRUE ALIENS-wHERS MY$$$ CHANGE dUDES?? ANYHOW, mAY THE lORD yahweh bless you all!!!yashua !!lATER.....BACKWOOD-BAYOU BOY IN LOUISIANA.
