{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-08 02:16:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493259","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66259","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4258,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/259/mufon-5493259.json","updb_database_id":5493259}
{nd} object hovering low to cemetery reveals windows, interior, and occupant

6-8-2015 
I have been recording moments from my newspaper delivery route, in the most commonly affected areas, or the areas where I observed patterns of strange activity and possible close encounters.
This night, on my pass to the cemetery to deliver the funeral home their subscription, I noticed a dimly reflecting surface giving movement and light play back onto my peripheral vision. I heard a dull whirring noise, and some other metal clanging noises. I saw strange lights illuminating a tree in the cemetery on my way in. I thought I saw a object moving and hovering around the cemetery below the tree line and among the oak trees near the intersection. I heard static noises. I heard what sounded like whispering.
I decided to turn back around from the next turn about and record starting out with a time and date check on my cell phone and a location check on my car's g.p.s. display, something I have become accustomed to doing.
I went back the other direction to make a U-turn and stop in a turn lane and began making note of a strange light coming from inside the cemetery.
I saw with my own eyes how it appeared to be a pale, bald man staring back at me from what looked like a modest sized porch or screened lanai with a light. I realized that there are no homes and this was closer than the opposite edge of the cemetery, and in that direction, there are only the rear and sides of adjacent businesses. I zoomed in to record what appeared to be an extraterrestrial. I noticed in the video when played back with enhanced audio gain, the presence of EVP's ranging from soft whispers to loud vocalizations which are differentiated from my own speaking voice.
I noticed that the light which was to the side of the being was casting a white light tinted blue-violet purple, and then the light changed suddenly to white light tinted yellow-green.
I noted that the being seemed to be inside of a windowed room aboard a nearly silent object hovering just feet from the ground in the central darkened memorial park area of the cemetery.
When I noticed that the light stopped shining from that position to become dark in that location, I began to drive away, followed by what seemed to be a whispering noise, and when reviewing I noticed that there were clicking or clanging noises on the audio briefly which I did not hear while recording. This lasted from approx. 2:16am to approx. 2:20am.
Note:
Later on I overheard strange almost bird call noises and questioned whether it was a bird since a video from the other day revealed loud bird calling when I do not in the slightest recall bird singing just before a video sighting of multiple objects concurrently.
Also want to make note that later after that, something had snuck up on my car and made a noise like slapping the palm of your hand on the trunk completely without rhythm, which was startling and unexpected and I could not explain it by any conventional reasoning.
