{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-07-10 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505259","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53604","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2385,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/259/mufon-5505259.json","updb_database_id":5505259}
Cigar shaped UFO over Woodlawn Cemetery in Saskatoon. 2004

One summer night in 2004 three friends and I decided to meetup in the Woodlawn cemetery of Saskatoon sometime after midnight maybe even 3 am because I remember the horizon in the East was lit up with the approaching sun.
Our intention was to visit and tell ghost stories not sky watch. We sat on some benches located directly down from the street entrance to the cemetery, the area there has very little trees and a great view of the sky with little light pollution. After about 20 minutes to half an hour we all noticed a strobe like white light above us at an angle positioned just a little ways from us towards the west side, it flashed a few times about 4 to 5 times in no particular order after it was done flashing a bright red light flashed towards downtown it was so fast that it emitted a tail, flew like a comet but was a solid bright red then minutes later a blue strobe like light moved towards the north end, just a few times but was big flashes almost like lighting strikes and also was a very rich blue color. A few more minutes passed by and then from the west where the first white light was flashing came 2 star like dull lights. At first we thought they were following each other but then we noticed they were so in sync that they must belong to the same craft. Not once did the lights ever go out of sync so we decided that the UFO was cigar shaped but you could not see it's outline. This cigar shaped UFO hovered very slowly towards the East side in what seemed to take about 2 minutes to fly directly over us and fade out towards the eastern horizon. My friends and I stayed there for another 30 minutes to see if we would see anything else but did not. These lights in the sky were all about airplane height.
