{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500259","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58852","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2786,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/259/mufon-5500259.json","updb_database_id":5500259}
{cak} Gigantic triangular black mass just floating towards Hot Springs. The object seemed very near the ground. No sound or lights recalled.

My mother, 15 year old brother and his friend, stepped outside onto the porch of their home in Fountain Lake, Arkansas. I happen to look up and was shocked to see what seemed to me like something right out of a science fiction movie: right above us there was a slow-moving, gigantic, triangular black mass just slowly passing approx. SW towards Hot Springs, which is perhaps a mile from the home. It wasn't too late in the evening, maybe 23:00, 24:00, and it was approx in early November. There was no noise at all--not even from nature or local noise, save the television. There was no electrical disruption. None of us recall there having been lights, which is the first thing I tried to find on the object. I expected to see tell-tale signs of more human origin, but it was surreal--no lights. I remember wanting it to be fake deep down inside, but the thing is, it wasn't scary at all. Just surreal. We all felt like something wasn't right, like reality stopped existing for a moment, but we were still very real.

I've subsequently, in the last several years, seen movies that have mimicked the precise, matter-of-fact nature of seeing what we saw--movies that just showed in a "verite-home video-style" a "craft" that just appeared on screen. What I saw that night felt like that: the spaceship just coming into the scene, and then going out of frame--that blunt.

Prior to this, I had seen a very distant, smaller version of the same thing, not but a very few days before. That felt peculiar affect-wise, but this larger, up-close experience was both profound and unsettling. Since then I have never seen anything else. Subsequently, I also have developed a deep fear of "alien" phenomenon. I hardly will ever watch anything about "realistic" gray-type aliens. I can handle Thor on Stargate SG-1, but when Hollywood tries to get super real, I have to turn the movie off!

I've never seen the silly lights in the sky thing. This was far more real and profound. I argue with anybody that stuff like this isn't real--somehow, some way.
