{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503259","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55698","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2227,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/259/mufon-5503259.json","updb_database_id":5503259}
saw 4 to 5 beings in back yard

The event I witnessed happened when I was about 5 years old. I shared a bed with my sister who also witnessed the same thing. It was 1988 and I lived in a small town in cape town south africa. I don't recall the time but it mustve been between 2 and 3 in the morning a week night. I remember being awake but not waking up and my room was filled with the brightest light I'd seen. I looked a? my sister who was also awake. And together we peaked through the curtains at the light that was coming from our yard.  What I saw was not shocking but more mysterious. It was 4 or 5" people" in white glowing suits with what looked like a helmet and a visor I couldn't see their faces.they were about 4 to 5 feet tall. They had what I can only describe as metal detectors and were moving side to side. The four beings that I saw where standing in a row and doing this side to side swaying motion. There was a glowing and a bluish light coming from the end of the detector. Then a voice speaks to me in my mind.telepathically It says " its ok . We are not here to hurt you . You can go back to sleep" . I will never forget that as long as I live. I felt pure peace and saftey. My sister looked at me I looked at her and we went to sleep. For years I thought this was dream until I was about 16 when I told my sister about this dream . She freaked out. She remembers seeing at least 10 of these beings not only in our yard but in the whole neighborhood. She did not hear the voice but remembers feeling really calm and peaceful. 

That's my story. It plagues my mind cause I know there is intelligent life beyond earth.
