{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-03 09:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289821","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113532","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2856,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/821/mufon-5289821.json","updb_database_id":5289821}
I saw what looked like a plane with no wings change into a triangle made of glowing orbs, and then those 3 orbs turned into 10-15 hovering orbs

I am so disappointed in how I reacted. I always thought that if i saw a UFO I would be excited and would take a clear picture or video. I always have thought "well that's BS" whenever someone says they saw something but didnt take a video. Well yesterday morning, around 9am I was driving my daughter to daycare. We live in a small town so I was on a rural highway with her in the back seat when I saw what looked like a plane with no wings. It was cruising at what looked like plane altitude, and going at a plane's speed, maybe slower - hard to say. It was really sunny and there wasn't a cloud in the sky. I figured it was the sun reflecting off the wings making them seem invisible so I disregarded it. Then it morphed into a perfect triangle with 3 points of bright light at the end (nothing in between). I can only describe it as super bright stars floating in mid air (in the brightness of day). At this point it's about 1km or so ahead of me and a bit to the west. I'm thinking "holy shit I should pull over and grab a video." And then the triangle all of a sudden turned into the same lights but 10 - 15 of them scattered across the sky right in front of me. There didn't appear to be a pattern, and they seemed to be lower than the triangle. At this point I freaked the F out. I was hit with panic because I felt like they were right above my car (still high in the air but their position had changed). I stepped on the gas and drove into town. I didnt see anything in the rest view mirror and didnt see anything on the way back.There was a car about 1km ahead of me and 1km behind so ik really hoping they saw it too and got a video. This thing was extremely obvious and anyone would have seen it that was close. I posted to a local facebook group to see if anyone else saw anything or got a video. Really hoping someone did! I'm disappointed that I panicked and didnt record. I'm thinking maybe it was drones, that would make some sense, however it was really bright and it's very rural here so I dont know
