{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-24 10:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523821","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32100","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3228,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/821/mufon-5523821.json","updb_database_id":5523821}
2 silent UFOs go into clouds and don't come out

Not sure what it was that I observed. I was standing in the back yard of a house I was working on, along with my Dad, (who has terrible vision at this point unfortunately) when I noticed what I thought was an airplane reflecting the sun light as it traveled across the sky. I looked directly at the object from it's side, which was facing me to the East, as the object itself traveled in a Northerly direction. From my stand point it became obvious that the craft had no wings, but at first appeared to be all white in a cigar shape with a dark spot in the center. I did not have my phone with me to take a photo and had no field glasses either. I could hear no noise from it that I could tell and I also noted that the dark spot toward the object's center may have been due to a change or irregularity in the object's shape and construction. Possibly this was an illusion created by the sun's reflection off the the object's bright white surface due to such a shape. The object held it's course at a steady air speed and entered a large cloud. That was it. A couple minutes passed as I continued to observe the sky where it went into the cloud and the surrounding sky and I just figured I better get back to work. 

I was walking back across the yard after seeing the first object disappear into a large cloud, when on the same precise flight path the first object took, I noticed a second identical object to the first traveling through the sky. Because of the sun's angle at this point, I could seemingly, more clearly, determine a much more definite shape to the object. It appeared to be like two swimming pool lane buoys attached one behind the other so that the object's center between the two buoy like sections of the object appeared defined. Still no sound and the object continued on the same flight path until it too entered the huge cloud formation and just never came out that I am aware of. 

I follow Roger Marsh's UFO Traffic Report and know that several similar objects have been seen in Michigan skys recently, as well as throughout the United States over the last few years.

It's odd to be the one reporting what I saw instead of reading about what others observed.

This video is EXACTLY what I saw. 

[Link moved to Field Investigation section/cms/tg]

I apologize for using this video without permission, but this seems to be precisely what I witnessed although there were never, in my case, two objects visible in the sky at once. The atmospheric conditions for visibility, apart from the clouds which were spaced considerable distances apart, was crystal clear.
