{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-07-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483821","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76032","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3911,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/821/mufon-5483821.json","updb_database_id":5483821}
camped with brother and his friend base of Mount Albert Edward Vancouver Island, Canada. Object passed north in clear night sky

In July of 1982 myself, my brother and my brother's friend climbed to summit of Mount Albert Edward on Northern Vancouver Island (Vancouver Canada). Returned to our camp about 4:30 or Five pm. Rested, built fire ate our dinner. The night sky was incredibly clear, lots of stars. We were standing, talking and enjoying the night sky when I asked my brother's friend Gregg if he had ever
seen anything strange when hiking alone (he was a high school science teacher who often went on long solo hiking trips in Canadian wilds).  He answered "Not until now." He pointed to northeast.
moving very slowly on a level path (east to west) at a fair distance away was a blue and white light 
it looked to me to just be aviation running lights. I thought it was probably a plane. The longer I watched I realized the lights weren't blinking or strobing. Gregg though the lights strange and said
commercial air traffic was routed much further south to Seattle Tacoma and Vancouver airports.
As we continued to watch it seemed as though the lights deviated from their patch and started moving more south than west, which brought it closer to us. The lights got bigger but we still could
not hear a sound associated to the lights. When the lights got closet it's path changed again. It was closer, still to our right (northeast) but now a parallel path to its first identified path. As it got closer to us the lights began to identify a shape. Moving still closer the shape became more defined. It was saucer shaped with upside down smaller bowl on top, the saucer's "skirt" and a smaller bowl underneath. The skirt portion of the saucer looked to to over hang the bottom of the object.The surface of the object looked to be smooth and yellowish white finish. The underneath looked to have
attached structure three large dark boxes arranged in a triangle. When it passed directly in front of us a red blinking light came on. Then the surface of the object started changing color. The white surface gradually started changing to a turquoise blue as if someone was pouring paint at the dome top and it was running down over the rest of the object. Soon the turquoise color began to shift to a much darker blue. The object started moving a little faster and the blue surface color changed again to a smooth metallic stainless steal grey. It continued west and looked to accelerate on a path that took it back to its original path. When the object became just a group of red, blue and whites lights the object stopped, justing hanging in the air (now to our north west) It hung there for a minute or more began to accelerate very fast as it got faster it started to zig-zag at an incredible speed then it stopped dead. Lingered a minute it then shot straight up and out of sight. I decided to finally report my experience because i'm getting old and wanted to tell someone else about what happen back in 1982. I've told some friends and family but they either think I'm crazy or have a way too active imagination. Sometimes I regret ever having told anyone.

All I can say now is that I know what I saw. Maybe I'm having doubts but it would be nice to know that someone else had a similar experience.
