{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-01 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519821","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36926","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2443,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/821/mufon-5519821.json","updb_database_id":5519821}
Cylinder white object with center square slightly popped out; it flew so soft and smoothly.

On September 1, 2010, I arrived home after work around 6pm. I went to the backyard and noticed a flock of small yellowish birds on the tree. There must have been about 75 1 100 of them. I had never seen these birds much less a flock of them hanging out on our tree. I was amazed and amused at the same time. I was thinking how beautiful they were when suddenly I noticed this white cylinder object just moving ever so smoothly and softly above the treetop. It was gently moving horizontally towards the south. It was a cloudless, sky blue, sunny day and this object was quite visible. I noticed no noise, no trail of smoke behind it. It had no lights at all; it had a perfect square in the center like a window but with no glass. I was astounded by the sight and could not believe what I was seeing. I could not move at all. I was mesmerized by this object. I did not video even though my video cam and camera was within 15 feet of my presence. My daughter was about 25 feet away from me and I did not even call her to come and witness what I was seeing. No thought of anything came into mind about videoing, calling someone, nothing of that sort.  I was just in awe following the white, cylinder object until I could see it no more. 
If you go to youtube.com and type in white cylinder ufo, you can see what I1m talking about. The video with the electrical lines going across on the video shows a better description of what I saw. This is not my video but shared by someone else on youtube. I1m merely just showing that I saw an object very similar to that one. This way you have an idea or know what I1m talking about at least.
