{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-28 19:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456821","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104764","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2478,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/821/mufon-5456821.json","updb_database_id":5456821}
Lots of glowing objects hovering with different pattern over the sky at night

1. Near Trump Towers in Mecidiyekoy Istanbul Turkey. I was hurry to catch a public transportation. The date and time was locally 28th of December 2019 at 7:01 PM according to my mobile device's time stamp. The sky was a bit cloudy . 
2. It was a sudden decision to look in to the sky. I mean no reason for that action . 
3. First I thought that It was some kind of human made entertainment light shows etc. But I did not see any evidence of any sources coming from . 
4. The objects moved arbitrary pattern in clouds. The speed or movement of objects could not act like an any drone . I observed for a short time since I had no time . For that short period of time the objects moves like a circle within an area and sometimes near side area other same objects were jointing and then moving like a pattern for a while. Some objects left to other near area. But I could say that they moved in groups not any sole movement at all .
5. I wish I could stay there for a longer period of time for observation and I wish I had time to take long time and better quality of a videos and pictures . I feel a bit shocked but I had to move on on my way. So I guessed that this phenomenon continued for a while !

I decided to share this with this platform for understanding such things via all kinds of analyses and conclude with an explanation within scientific methods . We should know the truth about such things whether or not belongs to a natural phenomenon or not .

As you may see the GPS coordinate and time can be retrieve from my video file. I have not touched or edited the video. 

6. As you can realized that I left the place for my reasons so I cannot say about disappearing  the objects from my side .
