{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-07-07 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546821","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"20428","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2235,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/821/mufon-5546821.json","updb_database_id":5546821}
A white cone shaped light emitted by a source, which flew off at a high speed.

It was a clear summer night on July 7th, 2000. Me and 2 of my friends were driving a convertible jeep through Richfield when we noticed a bright cone of light in the hills approximately 1/2 mile west of town. At first we thought it was some sort of helicopter or flare. However, as we watched it, it seemed too bright, too quiet, and too stationary to be either one. The cone appeared to be shining down from a source approximately 300 or 400 feet in the air above a well-known flood control dam. The cone appeared to extend from there down to the ground. We couldn't tell what the source looked like, since the cone itself was so bright. Since we were young, curious, and in a jeep, we thought we could get a better look at the light. As we drove closer, the source of the cone flew off at an amazing speed leaving behind what looked like a blue lighting streak. Although the source was gone, the cone of light remained for quite some time. The cone faded as we continued to drive closer to the dam and by the time we arrived on location, the cone was completely gone. After the jeep was turned off, we stood there in the silence waiting for something to happen again. Unfortunately, no evidence was there - no sounds, no smells, and no other physical evidence that anything unusual had just occurred. Later we told others about what we had seen, and several of them confirmed seeing the exact same thing. Some of them as far away as 6 or 7 miles. As far as I know, nobody has yet come forward to relate this experience, nor have there been any pictures or video taken.
