{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-10-15 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527821","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27792","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6630,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/821/mufon-5527821.json","updb_database_id":5527821}
Almont/Romeo Michigan, Huge Craft Right Over Our Driveway - Humming Sound

Thought I would resubmit this sighting because it sounds like the Romeo sighting report you have posted in 1988. I would be interested in finding out from those whitnesses If my sketches looked similar to the craft they saw. If you can contact them and ask I would appreciate it. There have been so many instances of really great close up sightings in the Michigan thumb area. It really is an intrest of mine. I believe *(Name deleted--CMS/sg) was involved in quite a few of them.
I did report this about several years ago to *(Name deleted--CMS/sg), I'm not sure why I waited so long but for some reason it really started to occupy my thoughts. We had several emails about it and he seemed very interested, he eventually referred me to someone from the Michigan Mutual UFO Network, he emailed me a few times and that was it. To tell you the truth I just felt better telling someone that had an interest in it, but I'm not sure if the guy either believed me, or just wasn't interested. I will give you a brief summery, to me this was the most unusual event in my life and I still think about it daily. 

It was the fall of 1990, I was in my home in Almont, MI. That time of year it gets dark quite early, it must of been around 8:00 p.m., "the times are now just an approximation". My son, who at the time was around 12 came running in the house saying there was a UFO right outside our house. Let me add at this point I was not one that believed in UFOs. I went outside and my son pointed south and upwards and said look! The funny thing was at first I didn't see anything, but I did notice it was unusually dark, then I noticed a very dim light, I suddenly realized that the reason it was so dark was that there was a huge craft right over our driveway. It was at tree top level and was moving north at a very slow pace, "approximately a slow walking speed". There was a very distinct humming, exactly like a large transformers hums,but you could feel the sound the resonance was so low. There was a very dull light in the middle and as it traveled down or driveway I made out a row of windows around the craft, the windows looked very large. I remember walking down the driveway with my son, then the next thing I remember is standing out in the field north of my house still looking at the UFO, when suddenly it went from approximately 90 or 100 ft straight up in the sky to where it was a pinpoint of light. It just looked like another star. This happened in under a second. We continued to watch it for quite awhile when it took off in a northwesterly direction like a meteor and was gone in a second. There are allot of things I can describe if your interested, but this is the basic part.
I don't feel like I was abducted, but I honestly do not remember how I got from my driveway and then in the field. I ask my son about it and he remembers things the way I do, but what I find unusual is that 1. I didn't really focus on it that much after the initial day it happened until a few years ago. 2. My son doesn't seem as interested as I am, even though he is a very intelligent guy. I was a flight simulator instructor in the air force and I have allot of knowledge regarding aircraft. This will always go down as the most bizarre day in my life. By the way, it seemed like I was being watched by someone in the window, but it was like you could only make out a shadow. I am now fascinated by UFO's and I know that there out there. Please, if you have any more questions feel free to ask. Almont is about 20 SE of Brown City. I have never seen another unusual craft. This was defiantly a UFO, there is no other explanation for it, I am the type of guy that checks his facts, there is nothing on our planet that I am aware of that could do what I saw! The pilots would be dead just from the G forces. It surprises me that there have been so many incidences in that area and I never heard about it. From my house to the field was approximately 1000 feet, " you would think that with what was going on, I would remember that sort of distance". I am not really concerned weather anyone believes me or not, unless it is someone that is suppose to investigate this sort of thing. They really need to have an open mind and check the facts. The last few years I have gotten increasingly interested in this subject and there have only been a few incidences that I have read about where people have been as close as I was. I guess I am just intrigued. It really fascinates me!
I was so close, 90 ft. The funny thing about it was I didn't feel threatened, In a weird way I felt like it was something from our future, as bizarre as that sounds. I feel that we need to have confidence in our instincts, I felt like I was on display and really being watched. One thing I didn't mention and to this day I am not sure why I didn't act, is that I am a professional photographer. What a dummy! the shot of a life time and I didn't even think about it. This is another thing I cant explain, I take my cameras everywhere with me. The first ten years, I would occasionally ask my son if he remembered everything about that night and he would say yes, but not really want to talk about it. It seemed like more of a dream. WHY? Neither my son or I am the type of person not to act on something so significant, an event of a life time. Another factor about that night was the route the craft was traveling, right down my driveway. My power lines go right down the drive and sometime that winter I had to call Edison out, they told me that the wires were completely bare" no insulation at all", and had to replace them, including the transformer. I am not sure if it relates, but I have read stories about these craft using power lines.
