{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492821","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66703","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3766,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/821/mufon-5492821.json","updb_database_id":5492821}
{rjl} First there was a bright bluish white light in the distance. Then we came upon a type of white mist residue. After we saw redish clouds in the sky, followed by a blue white light fading in and out. Then it disappeared and ruched toward us.

I was with my sister and another friend, coming home from a party in Kutztown, PA. My friend said she saw a bright light in the distance as we were crossing a deserted part of campus. My sister and I laughed at her, but followed in her direction. This part of campus bordered on a corn field, and after my sister and I crossed a tree line we saw my friend standing entranced. All 3 of us at that point found ourselves confronted with a whitish mist that seemed to be floating down from above. Each of us felt a strange comfort from it (later the 3 of us shared that we thought we heard the muffled sound of children singing). For a few minutes we felt a sublime feeling of comfort, but it soon ended when my companions saw more light in the sky over the hill (beyond the water tower at on Kutztown's campus). 

This light that we saw first appeared to be orange. Preceding that there had been some red-orange cloud phenoma in the distance. As we watched the light changed from orange to white-ish blue light and moved in a strange hovering- half circle dipping in the sky.

At this point I was quite scared, and urged that we all run away. My friend & sister were intrigued, however, and suggested we watch to see what would happen. At that point the bright-bluish white light rushed toward us, and I was very terrified. However at that point I didn't feel like I could move. 

Then suddenly, the light disappeared.  A few minutes later, we saw the object appear very close to us, almost overhead. I recall looking up at a triangular craft, with different colored lights on each point. I remember yelling "Oh my god you can see the stars through it!"

For just a moment, it was overhead, and I could somehow see through it's center, like it had a glass center through which you could see the night sky.

After that it suddenly zoomed away, leaving a faint trail of light behind it. My friend, sister and I went back to my dorm room quite disconcerted.
____

The next day, the 3 of us were driving away from Kutztown (back to Mt. Penn, where my family lived at the time) to get some sense of normalcy, when my sister said "Oh my god is that IT AGAIN?" I looked across a field that we were driving along and laughed, saying "No, that's a plane, there's no way it's what we saw last night." However, right after I said that the craft over the field stopped (as if it heard me), it stopped for at least a moment, backed up, and then shot across the sky incredibly fast. My friend Alison (whom was driving) attempted to chase it, but of course couldn't catch it.

The whole rest of that night we talked incessantly about our experiences, but after a couple weeks we couldn't stand to think of those 2 days. I have often questioned if we just imagined it, but my sister and I still talk of it every now and then. My other friend whom was there that night has become estranged, and I don't know her view about it.
