{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-21 15:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509821","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48595","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4364,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/821/mufon-5509821.json","updb_database_id":5509821}
{dr}Broad Daylight, 5-7 large very white spheres/circles turned into 50-70 very white triangles connecting as one in three rows, maybe 20 across each row. As they were connecting the spheres/circles reduced to only one or two.

Gilmer, Texas, December 21st approximately 3:30 p.m. - 3:45 p.m.

Father was very ill, lung cancer. He relied on oxygen machine, the kind thats plugged into the wall. A few weeks earlier we had a storm and electricity went out. We scrambled to get his portable oxygen. Scary situation. 

Weather reports said we would be having storms coming in so I decided I would go to my house, (staying with my father providing care) and get my generator, get it ready just in case. I hooked up my fathers utility trailer and traveling east on Highway 154, just after passing FM 852, a few cars backed up in some light traffic so I was barely moving and something caught my eye in the upper left of my windshield. I lean forward and see its four or five black birds. Then I see just to the right of where the birds were, directly up and very, very low, 5-7 large white circles/spheres. They were so white it reminded me of a white balloon, the kind that is a little fluorescent looking. These spheres were very low and maybe the size of a volkswagon or a little bigger. They were somewhat stationary but then started slightly moving/intermingling then just to the right of the spheres started appearing numerous white triangles. Each triangle joined together perfectly and made three rows. The outer triangles, the way they looked joined together, appeared they made a complete circle of triangles from my angle. The triangles were fully suspended, not moving at all. No sound/noise. I noticed as the triangles were forming and joining there was only maybe two spheres left; like they were changing into these triangles and multiplying like times 10.

Since I was driving slowly at the time I viewed this maybe 15-20 seconds. I couldnt believe what I was seeing. I pulled over at what use to be the speedy pantry and turned around, driving back and looking up didn't see it, so turned around on FM 852 and drove slowly looking up where I had seen it and it was no longer there. To this day when I pass through there I still look up. 

"Describe your feelings, reactions and actions during and after sighting the object?" 

Well, I wasnt afraid. I was just dumbfounded and in disbelief. I remember reaching for my phone then remembering my phone hadnt been working since the end of November. I could answer an incoming call by flipping the phone open but couldnt dial out, couldnt text, couldnt retrieve contacts, none of the buttons worked. My sister and I were so busy taking care of our father it wasnt a priority to get it replaced at that time. I only told a few people about it since it happened. Didnt want to be labeled a "nut". Even thought about calling the Sheriffs Office and talking to some deputies I know to see if anyone else reported anything. Checked the paper(s) to see if any other sitings. Did a lot of online searches to see if anyone else saw what I saw. I made a hand drawing of what I saw. I also remember when driving thinking, I am now under this thing and then trying to look back to see if I could still see it. Did a google earth search to see just per chance was there anything there at one time. There is something that looks like a sun flare but that is it.

I guess there is a number of reasons I didn't report it at the time. Not sure really who to report it to or if I should. Not wanting to be labeled, still dealing with the loss of my father since Feb., and having no photo or video of what I saw, people might not believe me. 

Okay, Ive reported it and hope this is never used against me in the future. (lol)
