{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-28 07:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286821","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116561","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3219,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/821/mufon-5286821.json","updb_database_id":5286821}
I watched an object appear and disappear, pulsate in brightness, change direction between 3 different points in the sky. Extremely high altitude.

I was outside with my dog in the morning. While she was sniffing around, I threw a ball I had brought out with us straight up in the air. When I looked up to catch it, I saw what looked like the brightest start I've ever seen. This was also almost 8am so the sun was fully up, broad daylight. No cloud cover directly overhead. 

The object appeared to pulsate an extremely bright white/ blue light, but when the light dimmed, you could also tell that there was a completely reflective metallic surface reflecting light. This light was clearly shimmering reflected sunlight and looked completely different than the pulsating blue/white light. In these first few minutes I realized it was likely not a plane, balloon or satellite because it had no obvious path or trajectory. It seemed to be moving slowly toward the east, but the object also seemed to be much, much higher than a plane's altitude so it actually could have been moving extremely fast, I don't have any way of really knowing. 
Several times the object disappeared and reappeared. My thought at the time was that it was so high up that it was actually going higher than was possible to see with the naked eye and then re-entering the atmosphere, but I have no way to be sure. The object disappeared and twice re-appeared in different areas of the sky, creating a triangle. I first observed the object straight above me, slowly making it's way sort of to the east, then it disappeared. It reappeared to the north of where it disappeared. Then it disappeared a second time and reappeared to the west of where it had just been.

After the first few minutes of watching it, I realized that it wasn't on a trajectory and seemed to be hanging around a specific area, so I went inside and got my phone. When I came back out, it had disappeared. This is when it reappeared the second time to the north of the first location. I couldn't see it through the camera viewfinder on my phone, so I had to guess where it was while recording. But luckily I did manage to capture it for a few seconds. In the video it disappears and reappears. The video captured it at approximately 5-10% of the brightest it got at any given point. I eventually had to stop watching it because my neck hurt from looking straight up for so long.

In the video, you have to zoom pretty far in and watch the bottom center of the frame.
