{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-07 23:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455821","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105785","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3596,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/821/mufon-5455821.json","updb_database_id":5455821}
{rjl} Starlike disc shaped flashing light in sky

It’s was a quiet night, and all the dogs were sleeping. There was no movement outside what so ever to cause any of my three dogs to start barking. My same dog who seems sensitive to my feelings and emotions suddenly starts barking and growling and going nuts. This dog never leaves my daughters side. My daughter told me to look outside to see what she was barking out because it was scaring her. I look out the front door I see nothing, nor did I hear anything. I started to hear what sounded like a helicopter flying right above my house. May I add, we are not near an airport or flight path and we never hear airplanes or helicopters where I live. This caused my to go to the bathroom window and stick my head out to get a better view. I live on top of a very large hill and I can see out over the valley from my bathroom window. Just then is when I saw what looked like an all black helicopter, with three red lights on what looked to be the tail of the helicopter. This thing was shining down a beam of light on the trees as if it was searching for something. I watch it do this but it continued SW and I lost sight of it although I could still hear it. I then looked in the SE direction and saw what appear to be a disc like object hovering in the sky. It stopped high up in the sky above my garage and was just hovering. Too high to be a drone and too many pretty colored lights for a drone. Too low to be a satellite. Too quiet to be anything else we know of that exists. We watched it up there for a long time. It would hovering be move slightly left to right, kind of like how a bumble bee hovers over a flower. I could make out with my naked eye the lights light up all different colors as if it was a disc that rotating cause each different color light to blink one after the other. It then stopped rotating and began flashing each different color light individually, as in the entire craft was one color, after the next. You could see a white beam radiating from the bottom of this thing. lt stayed in that spot for the whole 30 minutes we watched it. May I add the spot it was hovering at would be directly above the river. I researched this and came across a lot about the North Star looking like that. I have since ruled that out because there was nothing that looked like what I saw in the sky the following nights in that spot. This same incident did happen again just last week. We heard the helicopters again two nights ago my daughter pointed out that “the thing was back” I looked out and there it was. Just last night I looked out the window in that exact spot and “the thing” wasn’t there. There’s video of the sound of the helicopter but it would not show up on my camera. My daughter may have caught it better on her phone and I can email to someone at a later date if she did.
