{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489821","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69785","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2935,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/821/mufon-5489821.json","updb_database_id":5489821}
{jpg} 5 silent red orbs that appeared to fly through the tree line

I was walking my dog down my street at approximately 10 pm during the winter 2 years ago. Then, out of the corner of my eye I saw approximately 5 red orbs through the tree tops heading Southwest. I was looking straight down the street and the tree line is right there because my neighborhood is a horseshoe. At the time I had my cell phone, but I didn't even bother to take a picture because I know it took really crappy pictures. I remember just standing there in utter amazement, I was just speechless. I don't know if this was just pure coincidence, but I remember thinking at the time, "It would really cool to see a UFO" and low and behold a few mins later, I see not one, but around 5. I would like to think that somehow they could telepathically tell I wanted to see a UFO and they figured, "Hey, let's go say hi to that guy on the ground" but that is probably unlikely. But getting back to the main story, I remember that they were red orbs, like flares, but they weren't pulsating or loosing altitude like a flare does, and I didn't hear or see any military aircraft in the area. They just flew in a straight, horizontal path that I could see through the tops of the trees. They just continued to fly Southwest (left from my point of view) until I could no longer see them through the thick of the trees. I remember seeing two other people at the time of the incident, one person looking for something in their car, and another person walking their dog, but he were walking towards me so I highly doubt he saw it, and obviously the person in their car probably didn't see it either. I came back to the house and told my father, but he said that I was probably tired and was seeing things, and I've told it to many others and they've all said the same thing, but I remember vividly seeing them, their light shining through the tops of the trees, and of course as I have previously stated, they were completely silent. I would like to get your guy's opinion on the incident and send an email back to me. It may not be the most spectacular UFO sighting ever, but this was something I've been meaning to do for so long but have never gotten around to it. I am a big fan of what you guys do and I hope that someday we'll find conclusive evidence of alien life.
