{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-08-01 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469821","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90692","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2782,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/821/mufon-5469821.json","updb_database_id":5469821}
{cak} was 18 years ago. I was affraid of reporting to police. My Sister & I had been on our way back from Chilicothe to Hillsboro Rocky fork lake. In the Middle of the night The object was right next to us in a field floating just above ground We stoped

18 Years Ago My sister had picked me up in the Middle of the Night , We headed toward our Grandmothers home that was an hour drive . Driving down the road , Talking , Listening to music, Nothing in sight , Until we looked over as we turned the curve in the road. That's when we Both laid Eyes on it. It had to have been 100FT away "Close" We couldn't keep our eyes off of it . As soon as My sister went to make eye contact with me it Disappeared. I saw what "was" NOT From this World. Lights, NO sound,and fast as lightening. I am one who was brought up in Church , Never did i ever believe or Imagine there was anything out of this World coming to our world. I am Human though and I do understand that people are skeptical. I have lived all these years knowing what we had seen. We talked about the sighting but not a whole lot anymore. But I know it was real , very real. And Seeing is believing. I just don't understand why there are so many people in the world today that have seen with there own eyes, Why are there so many disbelieve ? So many witnesses. But yet we don't stand united and demand answers? I know now Myself and My Sister are not the only ones who have seen the truth of Life beyond Earth. And I'm Glad I get to share with people who may be skeptical. I know you don't know me , If your reading this your already in Question. The truth is behind the eyes of us people who have seen . My Sister had asked me a question one Day " Id just like to share" she asked: Wonder why we got to see it and not everyone in this world did? Why does it seem like it is selective? Or is it? These questions made me think. I guess there is questioning. But who knows whats to come i guess. All i know is that rather anyone believes Me or Not I got to share My Thoughts and Our Story . You'll just have to believe or fight for the Truth from the Government.
Thank you for reading , And I Hope Our Story has Helped some.
