{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-12 05:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511411","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46956","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6278,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/411/mufon-5511411.json","updb_database_id":5511411}
{nd} the craft was a dark dull red no lights no noise flew a constant straight path maybe 5-10 mph 35 feet off ground

well I live in Sturgis Michigan never really thought or cared about aliens all my life untill ancient aliens came out I became interested. I believe in ghosts other dimensions possible wormholes interdemensional travel and I believe we are in contact with good and bad aliens. Ive had a few weird occurances in my life I never though about untill I learned more about aliens and abductions, now they are minor things and probably is just coincidence but you just never know. Ill start from when I was 6 I used to have a bed wetting problem I went to mental health for it but it was thought that it was probably stress because of the abuse in my past. I remember having some strange dreams through the course of my life never thought nothing about it because you know its just a dream. When I was 6-19 not exactly sure when it started, my mom was an alcoholic so I worry about her dying because she would go to the hospital frequently, I remember having a dream where a craft took her don't remember what it looked like but I remember pleading with them not to take her because I couldnt live without her, that was the first dream I had another when I was 11 I dreamed about the house I lived at at the time and a craft being there, I don't remember what it looked like, it didn't do anything say anything no beings nothing just that scene of knowing the craft is there. it was odd I don't know how close in terms of days or weeks how close this event took place to the dream but I remember one day just waking up and my head itched really bad only in a certain part in the back of my head though and I could just pull the hair out like it was nothing only in that spot though. I pulled out enough to leave about a dime sized bald spot before I stopped, I don't know how much I could have pulled out. only time this ever happened. I had another dream maybe I was about 8 I just remember comparing it to being on the top of a building way way up. it was windy and I just remember the feeling of significance like the dream was trying to show me something but I don't know what because nothing was said didn't see a craft or nothing. I had another dream maybe I was 16 me and my sister were taken away to another planet I remember being in the craft no details though maybe a 20 foot room, and I remember being a what in the dream I interpreted it as would be like a nice apartment I remember knowing that I was not in a normal place but I wasnt scared which is off because I was a withdrawn kid in new situations especially without my mom.sadly my sister lives in Tennessee and I have never mentioned it to her, at the time of the dream I thought "it was just a dream" didn't think nothing of it. when I was 19 I remember coming home from drinking it was prolly about 2-3 am this would be 2009, and I had a drinking problem and my family was worried naturally since my mom passed from drinking. so I sit down on the couch (my sister was up from Tennessee visiting and had my room at the time) and I don't even remember falling asleep, and no it wasnt because I was blacked out drunk ive been many times but not this night. I wake up suddenly and I remember while I was "sleeping I guess" seeing a bright white light the brightest you could imagine it didn't hurt my eyes though and nothing was said I just remember interpreting the message as I need to change my ways and stop drinking. I proceived it as god as I know of other people reporting seeing a white light and associating it with god, plus I grew up prodistent my whole life. Ive had maybe 3 or so other dreams of aliens and things but it was after I got interested in it so I don't want to even read into those. With the dreams whats odd is as a kid I loved wrestling not aliens or anything I didn't even think about the idea, just not crossed my mind, yet I remember these specific dreams out of the thousands Ive had through my life. right before my mom passes in 2003 she told my aunt on the way to the hospital that god came to her and told her she would pass at the hospital and that my aunt would have a son. 4 different specialists through my aunts life told her she couldnt have kids so of course it sounded crazy. Well my mom passed a week later in the hospital and my aunt had a boy 4 years later. Once I started getting into ancient aliens in 2010 thats when I started seeing things (I also started looking up) but the sighting I described here is the most compelling. It happened on August 12th 2011 at 5:50 A.M. to 6:00. I was going to as methadone clinic at the time Monday wednesday and Friday we left at 6:00 everytime like clockwork so I went outside at 5:50 to wait for him. Going out my backdoor I was facing north.it was kinda dark but the sun was just coming up so there was a little bit of light. First I observe what I had seen 5 or 6 times pryor prolly a satellite way up in the sky red,blue and clear light flashing, well something to the left catches my eye it was a small spherical craft maybe 35-50 feet off the ground but it was about 4 blocks from me flying in a straight line going maybe at the most 10 mph, I started walking towards it because as it flew houses would block it out so I walked 2 blocks closer to see it again I got to just sit there and observe it for a few minutes till I realized my ride was gonna be there. the last time I seen it was steadily cruising north at a constant speed. no lights no noise. I literally said while I was standing in the middle of the road "how can there be no one else seeing this." The size of the craft was between 15 and 20 feet.
