{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-10-12 05:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288411","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114957","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2419,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/411/mufon-5288411.json","updb_database_id":5288411}
Object appeared before daylight over land about 3 ft. high, then zoomed at extreme speeds and stop moving about slowly and at various heights distance

We were a deer hunting party in NW Craig, Colorado.in Oct of 1987. There were t0 of us split up in five groups of two each; we had leased 5000 acres for our hunt so no one but us were allowed on it. We got there early from Oklahoma where we were all from to scout it out and pre determine where each of the groups would set up for opening morning. My partner and I, chose a steep hill to sit and wait for sun up to get out of the vehicle and set up for our hunt. Suddenly on a hill across a ravine from us, appeared a truck with its lights on as we could easily make out the silhouette of the sage brush in front of it as it came down the hill across from us. At this point we thought it had to be a trespasser or one of our party that made a wrong turn; so we decided as soon as the sun came up we would find out for sure who it was and if a trespass person we would alert the man we leased the property from. At just about that very moment it rose straight up into the air and hovered there, then began making moves of short and great distances, some in speeds hard to comprehend and other times, slowly moving about; this went on for about 10 or 15 minutes and all 10 in our party witnessed it. Finally it began a straight path away and went over, directly over 2 of our party who later told the rest of us, they could see what looked like windows in it as well as beings of some sort, they said it was about 200 ft or less directly over them on it s way out from the area we were in; it also had shown several colors of lights as ti moved about before leaving. I've never forgotten this and the person with me had gone into mild shock, unable to speak about it for days after..
