{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-04 19:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523411","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32542","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7381,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/411/mufon-5523411.json","updb_database_id":5523411}
About 3 blocks away, above treetops & buildings, bright & silent, like it was an every day trip , no hurry.

Lees Summit,Mo.								Tuesday 7:53 pm
October 4th, 2011
I saw a U.F.O. 
I am going to describe the events and what I saw from my porch. Many other people saw the same thing and reported it. I just want to know what it was. 
I was sitting outside, talking on the phone. It was between 7:52 and 7:54 pm, I looked up as this enormous, slow moving, very bright object began to float, or maybe hover over the tree line! My first thought was "DAMN, whoever owns that is really a sick show-off! that is the size of a small island!" Then I realized it was no "Super huge plane" I told my friend that I had to go NOW! I hung up the phone. The craft was about a 1 of a mile E of my home. I was on the upper deck of my back porch, and in retrospect, I believe that I had a unique vantage point, most people are looking up. Sure, I looked up, but As I said-It Was So Incredibly Enormous, So Low and So Close-that I saw what I believe was the view of it from the side. It was very slow moving. It made no sound. I stood frozen and stared. 
I remember thinking 1I hope my kids don1t suffer1 and 1Oh dear God, if they DO make it, I haven1t taught them how to get through something like this!1 I am not a crazy melodramatic person, This was JUST how real, how TRULY TERRIFYING those few minutes were for me. I never dreamed that this would happen, REALLY? And I always thought that IF I ever saw something that would convince me that UFO1s are real, eventually, there could be room for doubt. This was so brazen, so 1Signs.1 
It was Not a stealth. It was Not the local group of pilots practicing their maneuvers, it was NOT a satelite, a weather balloon, a blimp or Superman! 
It was moving SE, probably between Douglas and Independence St., towards Downtown Lee1s Summit. After about 45 seconds, a smaller craft (looked like a helicopter) moved in pretty fast (compared to the Monster Crafts1 speed) traveling NW. At first I thought they were going to collide, then the smaller craft seemed to be shaky or unsure of his next move. I remember thinking 1the little one seems panicked.1 It was not the normal amount of space between two aircraft, so it was alarming, and the unusual jerky movements of the smaller craft made me wonder if he was disoriented or panicking. Then, the little one disappeared, count-I,2,3-it flew up and over the top of the big one. The big craft had started to ascend about the time I noticed the smaller craft, and once the smaller craft had cleared the bigger one, it turned in pursuit. One curios point I would like to make is that the sound of the helicopter was not present. I could see all of this, but I didn1t Hear any of the chopper sounds either.
This is when I remembered I needed pictures and my phone was almost dead. I ran in to get my charger, plugged it in, and ran back out! It had moved to the E side of downtown L.S. It was at least the size of a football field. I could not tell what the overall shape was. It had two rows of lights that spanned the width or longest part, and then under those lights were two more rows, centered, but shorter in width. There lights were consistent in brightness and pattern, I didn1t notice much, if any change in color. The top two rows were identical. Rows, three and four, were not as long as the top two. The lights seemed brighter, whiter than the choppers' light. I didn1t see the craft flip on it1s side or disappear. What I noticed the most, frightened me most. There was no noise. Not from either one. I could hear my cats playing inside, my microwave beep (my tea was done) and my neighbors talking.
My daughter was at the intersection of Ward Rd and Chipman Rd with a friend. They both saw it. They had to lean over in the car to see the whole thing, it was right over them. The same daughter has chosen a career in aviation, so we CONSTANTLY watch the aircraft in the skies. This was different.
October 5th, 1:30 pm. I called LS airport, to inquire. The man who answered said he had heard nothing about this occurrence, that it must be some local pilots practicing their formation routine for an upcoming event (off the record, of course.) He said that I must be mistaken, that people mistake common things like weather balloons or stray kites for UFO1s all the time. I responded with 1doesn1t our local airport have a responsibility to know who is where in our skies?1 He informed me that clearly I was mistaken, thanked me for calling and hung up.
I know what I saw. I made my next call to KCI. I was transferred four times to 1someone who could better answer those questions.1 Number five was an air traffic control person. He listened to me but said he had heard nothing of this either. I asked him to google UFO/Lees Summit10/04/2011. I asked how so many could see this and KCI not know? I said 1if it was confidential, then say it1s confidential, and I will shut up and hang up. If it1s a really big airplane, then tell me the model, but don1t say you didn1t even know it was there!1 He reviewed radar starting at 6:00 pm. After a few minutes he says1 Well I see here there WAS Something flying in our airspace, but we weren1t talking to them1 I said 1HUH?1 He got quiet, then said 1oh it must be a 747 that landed at about 7:28 pm. He had nothing else to say, disputing the slip up as a mis-interpretation. I thanked him and hung up.
I live by the airport! I have a daughter who has chosen to persue a career in aviation,so we watch the sky, day and night. I see and hear the different aircraft come and go, day and night. In the fall/winter of 108/109 we had the pleasure of feeling, then seeing (and later hearing) a stealth bomber, so I am 100% sure it was not a Stealth. (After all of this and now UFO1s, I probably should be watching for Superman!)
*Why hasn't anyone ask- If we are to believe that this was a Stealth, why wasn't it STEALTHY? 
*If this was a "STEALTHY" top secret trip around Lee's Summit, and WE ALL WITNESSED IT, then why lie/
*Local pilots practice formation flight routines in the dark? These SAME pilots are going to perform at the local high school football games? Since when? ---no disrespect meant---but with all the airshow crashes this year, isn't this a little insulting to us?
*So many people witnessed the same thing, isn't anyone else going to demand answers?
I could keep going......
Some say this all can be explained. Some say the validity of the pics and video is questionable. Individual perception, communication and ability to accurately remember in this situation give the nay-sayers the gray area. 
I KNOW WHAT I SAW! I am frightened, humbled, awe-struck, and concerned. Thank you for taking the time to read this. 
