{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495411","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64029","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2553,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/411/mufon-5495411.json","updb_database_id":5495411}
Friend and I wher driving through Tuxpan at night, and looked up to see this red orb following the car.on two ocassions. third third was in Tehucan,Mx. where a black orb procedd slowly over a neighborhood we were in. same slowl movement but with the red

A friend and I, were traveling south three encounters and one second person account.
traveling south along route 1 in Mexico we come into a town called Tux pan, Mex. My friend and I are avid stargazers so we look up a lot into the night sky. So my friend looks up into the starry sky and sees this object about 500- to 1000ft above use to the right that he has seen before in California. So, I stop the car and get out to look. Sure as s**t its an object with no navigable lights to make out.I know this because I have studied aviation and went to college for aviation. It's a fiery red orb that hovers for a minute then proceeds very slowly toward the gulf of Mexico. This happen twice.
The third firsthand account, was in Tehucan,Mx. in a little barrio northeast of the city. 
Us and some friends where standing outside a friends house drinking coffee and talking. when my friend and i see this black orb slowly moving northwest across the neighborhood to or 12"o`clock. it's moving really slow and we can't believe our eyes. The area around the orb seems to give of waves of heat or something that obscures the foreground sky around it.
We ask our friends if they see it and they see yeah, there around here all the time. 
The first to sightings we were like whet the hell is that. quickly assessing that it's not any man made aircraft. 
the third we were in shock. as it disappeared behind a row of shanty homes on a hill. Still can figure out where that thing vanished too.
The first to sightings they disspear in the the distance as to fly away. time seem to be frozen becuase they were moving slow but it didn't take long for them to fly away. the first two sightings flow over the Gulf of Mexico.
