{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-25 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520411","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36153","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2911,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/411/mufon-5520411.json","updb_database_id":5520411}
Bright orange globe shaped object on a clear night.

My parents came to visit and as they were leaving they noticed a large orange glow in the sky that started out very large and appeared to be something on fire in the sky. They were just sitting in the middle of the street in their car. I asked my dad if they forgot something and he told me to look at the orange glow in the sky. 
It was a very cold evening about 271. All the stars were visible and the moon was a big sliver in the western sky. As I looked up in the southern sky I could see an orange glow that appeared like a planet that was close. But it got smaller and smaller and started to move in a north easterly direction towards us. I thought it was a plane on fire but there was no sound. It appeared to be flickering like something on fire but it moved very slowly. It kept getting smaller and smaller until it suddenly disappeared. I suggested to my dad that maybe it was a meteor? But that didn1t explain why it moved so slow?
Just as we were discussing what we saw another huge bright orange orb was glowing in the southern sky. My dad said it came from the same direction as the one we just saw. It rose right above the tree line and continued to climb into the sky. I went into the house to tell my wife and my daughter and we all watched it just hover in the sky. It too got smaller and smaller until it just vanished. Just like the first one we saw? The whole thing lasted only a few minutes. (Maybe 3-5 minutes.)
I am 51 years old and have never seen anything like it? My parents are in their 701s and said they have never seen anything like it either. (My dad is a retired police officer.) 
I came into the house to watch the 10:00pm news to see if anyone else reported seeing anything like we had but they didn1t mention anything in the news. (Our news comes out of Cincinnati, OH)
I would be very curious if anyone else in Bright, Indiana saw the same thing on this evening of February 25th, 2012? 
When I told my friends and colleagues at work they all asked if I took any pictures. I had my cellphone in my pocket which has a built in camera, but I was so intrigued by what I was seeing that I didn1t even think to take pictures. It is an event that I will never forget. I find myself constantly looking toward the sky as if to see it again.
