{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-07 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487411","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72256","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2451,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/411/mufon-5487411.json","updb_database_id":5487411}
{dr}My 12 yr. old son and I, witnessed and orange glowing orb emit a white luminous, extremely bright light, as if it were blowing a bubble around itself. Orb than turned white. Mist transformed into a conical shape with blue green in the center.

My 12 year old son and I had just finished having ice cream in a shopping center in Montecito, as we approached our vehicle, we noticed an orange orb in the sky, which we thought was a helicopter at first sight. It was difficult to determine the elevation. It was traveling in a straight path from east to west, anywhere from five to ten thousand feet.
The object made no sound. The rate of speed was typical to that of a helicopter. It had no blinking lights. It was oval in shape with a flat bottom. The duration of the event was roughly three minutes. As the object came in line with us, it emitted a bright light behind it which looked like a massive spotlight (approximately 20 to 25 times the size of the orb). The light became hollow, giving the appearance that the orb was blowing a bubble of light. The back end of the bubble opened and turned into a huge conical shape with a blue green hue in the center. As the light on the outer edges of the light dispersed it was strayated in appearance. The light that it produced was accompanied by something that looked like mist or fog. The orb in its process changed from orange to white, and broke away from the conical light, and continued on its path to the west. It never changed its rate of speed. Our reaction to the object was calm and objective. Shortly after the incident, I felt uneasy, as I have experience encounters and abductions in the past, which I have never reported. We watched the object continue to the west until it was to small to see.
