{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-14 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489411","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70210","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3056,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/411/mufon-5489411.json","updb_database_id":5489411}
{nd} Solid white (satellite) chased by two blue lights descending. Blue light decending then acting as plane.

I was working OT on the night of the 4th of September 2014, in N Franklin county. Clear night, low light pollution. I stopped my work truck to relieve myself on a country road. I was staring up at the stars and saw what I assumed was a satellite heading south from the N-NW, off to my right and about 30-40* overhead and just barely entering my field of view as I was facing south. The solid white light covered 10 lateral degrees before a blue starlike light (smaller by half) descended straight down, from a fixed place, quickly and changed direction abruptly to follow no more than 10 lateral degrees behind the the white light. There was a noticible increase in speed by about 2 lateral degrees by both objects. After both objects covered about 30 lateral degrees a second blue starlike light, exactly like the second object, dropped quickly down from a fixed location and then changed direction to follow the first object (white bright light). This went on for another approx. 20 degrees and the first object (bright white light) dimmed out fast and the two stralike clear blue lights split up and disappeared from my view after some distance. This occurred in an approx. 15 second timeframe at approx. 2145-2150. I verbally recorded my account of the event on my iPhone and still have it.

Later that evening, at the end of my night, I was stationary in the work truck servicing a house and was staring at Ursa Major which was close to the equatorial plane. Within the four major stars that make up the "pot" and to the inside of the furthest most right top star, another blue light appeared, faint at first then more clear, dropping slowly from approx 15-20 degrees to commercial plane traffic height. It stopped and stayed in place (from my perspective) for some time (maybe 20-30 seconds). I had to look just to the left of it so my eyes could pick it up. It began to flash blue, blue, blue, then red, blue, red, blue, then went white and flashed red like an airplane beacon light and slowly headed west, acting like an airplane. It was a much longer event and it weirded me out and excited me at the same time. I still have my recordings of what happened but haven't listened to them since and can't figure how to send them or attach them here. I ended my work night and headed back to the Tri cities at about midnight I believe.

That's it.
