{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-05-01 23:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547411","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"16768","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2706,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/411/mufon-5547411.json","updb_database_id":5547411}
Bright orange/yellow glowing light-low level 'bouncing' & erratic flight at treetop level.

While in bed, @ 11:02PM 5/1/09 I watched a yellow orange glowing ball cross in front of my slider from South to North (curving to the East) at slightly below tree level. Initially, I thought it was a small plane trying to land at Pease AFB, but, on reflection there are too many discrepancies:

 1) There was no sound.(Windows slightly open)
 2) The plane was moving very fast and erractically.
 3) It seemed to bounce (mostly downward) fast.

I lifted my head up up to follow the path, which, if graphed, would have shown a gently sloping, gliding arc to the north, which then curved to the east towards Pease AFB, but: it slowed, dropped and sped up during it trajectory. I could even even see the glow behind the trees often. It's speed was variable.

I came home this afternoon and got back into bed to check the visual sightline in daylight hours and realized that it was not as far away as I originally thought, but instead smaller than a Cessna single prop plane. Apparently, it flew up the Squamscott river, down Great Bay and approached Pease AFB from the East.

I checked to see if there were any other reports of this object in the local news, but it's low flight path, time of night and lack of population in this area, as well as it's apparent speed cuased me to be the only observer.

Half asleep, it registered as odd, but, I did not get up to follow it's path through the windows at the foot of my bed, as the trees are closer and higher there.

If you would like to discuss this further, There are good Google maps around my address which to re-create the flight path and apparent distance away. Second floor bedroom, with an apparent 8 degrees above the horizon with a river created tree line for distance calculation may help detail this brief sighting.

I have no desire to file a police report or report this to the local news, as, even though I have interest in these things, I have no desire to be labelled. I don't drink or use any mind altering drugs or medications at any time.
