{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-14 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463411","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97535","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2932,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/411/mufon-5463411.json","updb_database_id":5463411}
Two bright flashes followed by upward curve .

While out on my front porch having a smoke I noticed a bright flash in the sky followed by a second flash. I then saw a streak of light move in an upward curve ( backward c shape) moving very fast, the light streamed behind it. The first flash occurred straight in front of me and the the second flash occurred 10 degrees lower, 10 degrees to the right. The flashes looked like someone turning on a headlight in the sky full moon size and turning it off again in quick succession. The upward curve appeared 40 degrees to the right from the second flash, the arc covered about 30 degrees. I don1t know what these objects are but they are certainly not conventional aircraft. 
This happened a few weeks before Ireland1s infamous radar problem when the whole of Ireland1s airspace closed for hours due to radar difficulties, I wasn1t surprised, not saying they were connected but not surprised if they were. Planes were diverted and redirected. Then a few weeks after that we had the ufo incident involving three separate aircraft reporting unusual lights to ground radar. Reports in the media suggested that meteorites were to blame but I don1t believe this at all. Pilots should be given the proper appraisals when reporting such incidents as it is very brave of them to report in the first place, especially when the objects are unidentifiable and they put their careers on the line. 
Anyone who genuinely sees these aircraft, know that it is a sporadic event where years could pass before another concrete sighting. I last saw a ufo in 2011 Jan, treetop level close sighting. A large orange rectangle with red streaks in it moving slowly over the fields in front of my house. It was so unconventional looking that you have to appreciate that there are objects flying around our airspace that require serious investigation and not the butt of jokes. Ordinary people are seeing these things on the ground and in most cases are frighted by it. Our governments and militaries need to talk to us because all the makeup stories are mixed up with the real sightings and it makes it harder to investigate or understand the real incidents. If these are classified aircraft just tell us and we can stop worrying every time we head out to put something in the bin at night coming face to face with God knows what!
