{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468411","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92163","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4927,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/411/mufon-5468411.json","updb_database_id":5468411}
{rjl} Alien Medical Exam

This report is not a recent event. I moved back into my parents home this year to help my aging parents and the memories I had of an event when I was nineteen (twenty years ago) have become extremely vivid and easier to recall than before. I just want to report my incident in case there may be others like me that have had the same things happen to them. 

At the age of nineteen I had had sex, but I was not experienced at all. So at first, I thought this entire thing was a dream, but as time continued on it became clear to me that the feelings, scents, and specific memories were too vivid and realistic to be anything else but real. It wasn't until recently that I started looking into it that I realized what had truly happened to me. I also learned that I'm not the only one that this has happened to. Therefore, I feel confidant telling my story and knowing that there are others like me out there as well. 

It was a normal night. I had put my 1 year old son to bed and had laid down to go to sleep. I woke up a few hours later and the room I was in looked similar to my bedroom - large, king size bed and dresser in the same position inside the 20'x15' room. But surrounding the room was sheer curtains hanging from ceiling to floor and on the other side of the room were people, medical staff of some sort, watching everything I did. I couldn't see them clearly through the curtains, but I was fully aware that they were there. One seemed to be in charge while the others watched. They somehow manipulated my body to orgasm without actually touching me. This was their entire goal and it continued on and on until they were satisfied. I then went back to sleep and woke the next morning to a normal day. 

It's important to note - I had never had an orgasm at that time and didn't have one until approximately 10 years later. I didn't even know how to and was extremely naive as I'd grown up in a very religious home that restricted what I knew about anything sexual. The aliens actions had felt more like an intrusive medical exam with an odd, group type of manipulation. 

Also, I'd never been interested in UFO's or anything that would have made me dream of something like this. And to the best of my memory, I hadn't even watched a rated R movie until I was 20! The combination of details I remember plus the unknown subject matter convinced me that this was something completely different than a weird dream of any kind. 

The only person I had ever told this to was my first husband. He made fun of me continuously. Heck, he still does to this day and will send me alien emojis or tell me my boyfriends have come to visit if he sees an alien sighting in the news. Although we have remained friends after divorcing, his constant mockery and disbelief made me never want to research this topic further. It also ensured that I never told my story to anyone else. In fact, this is the first time I'm opening up about this incident. It may be twenty years late, but it's better than never getting it said. 

Finally, details of the incident... 
the curtains moved as the aliens walked back and forth on the other side, the one in charge seemed to manipulate my body with the lift of his hand or the way he looked at me through the curtain, someone else was monitoring what was happening and what my body was doing on some type of computer or device that stood waist high beside the lead alien, it smelled sterile, although the room looked like my own, there was no longer carpeting and had a reflective/some type of ceramic floor below, during the incident my emotions were confused, somewhat yearning to know who was intimately touching me in such a way I'd never been touched before, physically I couldn't stop what was happening - just as an intense orgasm takes over your body, this was magnified to the point I felt extremely out of control, my body arching and writhing helplessly on the bed in front of all of them. 

This may seem like some silly erotic dream, but I know it wasn't. It's both scary, yet intriguing. And I want to understand why and how this happened. I want to know why me and what did they do with anything they collected? I want to know others like me who have experienced similar things. So, hopefully reporting all this will help me find some of the answers I seek!
