{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-15 20:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285411","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117994","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5221,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/411/mufon-5285411.json","updb_database_id":5285411}
Unusual Object in Sky

Visibility: Limited due to light at dusk
Weather: Clear, slightly hazy sky. 

Time Breakdown: 
2006 (8:06 PM): First witnessed (per quick glance at clock on car dashboard) 
2007 (8:07 PM): Made 27 second phone call to SO while driving to report the sighting and asked her to look in the direction of the object to see if she could see it from where she was in Wichita, KS at the time. 
2008 ( 8:08 PM): Safely stopped and recorded both movies as attached. 
2009 (8:09 PM): Called SO back and sent a copy of the video. 

Full Details: 

I was driving down Kellogg (US-54) in Wichita going east toward Andover. When I was at the intersection of 143rd and Kellogg (technically in Sedgwick County), I first witnessed the lights hovering above the QuikTrip gas station on the NE corner of the road. It was dusk, so hard to make out definitive shape of the object between the two, bright, flashing (together) lights on either distant end of the extremes. At the time first witnessed, I could probably have barely covered both of the lights with a golf ball if I held it at arm's length. The lights flashed on and off as a pair, but much slower than an aircraft strobe light, with no competing color/light flash pattern the way that an aircraft/helicopter would. 

While trying not to wreck in case someone else witnessed the object and slammed on their brakes, I watched the object for the minute it took to go from 143rd and Kellogg to the 159th and Kellogg intersection. The craft, from my perception, seemed to keep relative pace with my vehicle, heading east and moving too slowly to be a plane. The light flashes continued to happen, both lights turning on and off together for probably 20-25 seconds before the furthest light from me, the one on the northside of the aircraft, turned off, leaving only the closest light blinking. It was at this time, that the vehicle changed direction from eastbound to more northeast and began picking up speed rapidly. (It was almost like a direction change blinker on a car, but on the wrong side of the craft. In a car, it would have blinked on the furthest side from me to indicate that the vehicle was turning in that direction instead of the side away from the direction of the turn.) It did not "shoot" across the sky like a meteor or go from horizon to horizon the way I've heard some UFOs described as moving, but just rapidly picked up pace and headed NE. 

When I reached the intersection of 159th and Kellogg, approximately 1 minute since the beginning of the sighting, I pulled over into the pumpkin-patch field at 1600 E US-54 in Andover, KS where I would have the best vantage point to record the object. By the time I had pulled over, pulled out my phone, and started recording, the object was at such a distance that I could only barely catch the blinking of the lights on camera. The object was too far away and I was too close to the highway to make out any noise at the time, but I will submit what I recorded. The recording label on my phone states that both videos were taken at 2008 (8:08 PM). I proceeded to watch the light without my phone once ascertaining that the recording was pointless. It quickly faded from view heading in a NE direction across housing developments and the city of Andover, KS.

After the sighting and arriving home safely, I downloaded the FlightTracker24 application to my phone and searched for any planes/helicopters that might have been on the flightpath I witnessed. Nothing showed up meaning it had either landed by the time I got home or it wasn't on radar. I spent several more hours watching the skies and comparing the flight and light patterns to visible planes that flew over the house, none of which matched to the pattern I had seen of the object. I watched videos of planes and helicopters at night from YouTube and did discover that each manufacturer makes their own pattern to their lights, but there are general aviation rules. 

If the device was a drone, it was very large, and possibly retrofitted aftermarket with the lights that I saw as none of the ones I saw when I searched for RC drones/planes/helicopters matched visually with what I witnessed. 

I am unsure of what I saw, but I am also acutely aware that this is probably something completely explainable. I am reporting in the hope that someone else might have witnessed what I saw as well to provide confirmation to my story.
