{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499411","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59727","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2723,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/411/mufon-5499411.json","updb_database_id":5499411}
{nd} visible on cell phone only light appeared, flew around, high and low, separated, changed color and became 1 again.

Late one night my boy friend and I were just relaxing at home. He went outside in our back yard to look for something. He turned on his cell phone video camera to use the flash for a light and quickly spotted a bright green circular light almost like a laser on his cell phone screen and followed it. The light went crazy! It flew up and down, disappeared then reappeared. It stood still then went fast in different directions. It separated into 2 lights which looked like eye balls and then back to one. It also changed from bright green to yellow and back to green, then vanished. I was so shooken up when he came inside and showed me. I was yelling at him "You're messing me! Stop it! You're scaring me thats not real! Almost in tears I finally started to believe my boy friend hadn't set me up. We took another video that night and the next day around the yard to try and find an explanation. No neighbors were awake shining any lights and nothing could have possibly reflected. I wanted to immediately tell the world- so I told my neighbor that lived in the same duplex and he was watching a show on UFO's the same time the video was captured. I was shaking, in shock. I had recently been talking to my boyfriend about being open to spirits and some "woo woo" things but he always shot me down in disbelief. This video opened both of our eyes and minds. He saw another UFO the very next day! My boyfriend slowed the video down and took picutures of it. One picture looked exactly like the picture of my aura I had gotten taken at my school when I had a reading about a week before... I ran upstairs to get my picture to compare- which I kept in my journal with an elastic around it and had looked at earlier that day... and it was gone never to be seen again. I searched and searched... it just disappeared. I am determined to get more insight on this video and open my mind to anything thats is out there!
