{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-08-20 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287411","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115965","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3353,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/411/mufon-5287411.json","updb_database_id":5287411}
3 red lights 25 feet above me

Hi, 

Before you read this message, you have to know that I’m deadly serious and very intelligent (IQ 140). I’m not crazy or disturbed. Actually, in 1988, when I was a kid, the minister of education of Quebec gave me a gold medal in literature. In 2004, I finished 1st of the college in Communication and Discourse. The teacher and also director of the literature department said he never saw a talent like mine in 25 years. So, please, take this message seriously and answer me as soon as you can.

Ok, here it is, the most important e-mail of all times. Why ? Because I know how to change the world. I don’t have the power to do it, but I have the power to write it, to make a plan. Actually, I’ve been writing a movie about it since 2018. I got the idea in 2012... (!)

It’s a science fiction movie that will include the greatest economical revolution of all times. Governments of the world will be super rich. They will have infinite stream of income and NO NEED FOR TAXES ANYMORE ! In this new world, there will be no need for mortgages or insurances neither. My reform works. No doubt. It’s very simple actually. There are other political ideas in the movie and it goes much beyond what I just wrote... The reform (revolution) will allow humanity to access a new level of evolution. We will become a world ruled by love. That way, other evolved beings of the universe will make official and public contact with us. That’s what they have always been waiting for !

I took Ayahuasca and bufo last January. They both confirmed my reform works and it’s going to change the world. Actually, in 1997, in Quebec city, I saw a 3 red lights ufo hovering 25 FEET above me, my mother and maybe 7 other persons. It was in a shopping center parking lot and it lasted 1 minute. And... without asking or thinking about that event, Ayahuasca told me telepathically that this ufo was not a coincidence. It was there for me. I was over the top surprised to hear that, but I understood. Here is the same ufo in Colorado. I found this video on YouTube in 2007. I also attached a screenshot of the video.

https://youtu.be/B6du_8hUGSQ

I will tell you more about it when we meet. Because, yes, we have to meet as soon as possible. My life is hell here in Quebec city. So, I need your help to have good conditions to write my movie, to access  big names around the world (Steven Spielberg and Steven Greer).

Humanity is expecting a new world after the pandemic. It will happen if you help me. I’m ready to take the next flight to meet you and explain my project.

See you soon !

Laurent
