{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-05-14 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483411","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76489","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2691,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/411/mufon-5483411.json","updb_database_id":5483411}
UFO appeared after a major rain storm. It seemed following a military helicopter (NG Huey)

Sighting ocurred after a torrential rain storm. Total number number of observers: 3 What drew our attention was a military helicopter flying less than 800 feet in a flight pattern that we assumed that it was observing local streams/rivers based on the quantity of rainfall that fellin a matter of hours. Then above the helicopter a disk appeared similar in shape to a WWI US soldier helmet. Its flight pattern was directly on top of the helicopter. It did not make any sound, but the same was "wabbling" and it would "hide" within the dark clouds and later reappear. It seems that the helicopter crew did not notice the craft above them. The location was north of the city of Caguas over a mountain chain known as "La Mesa". From these hills you can observe at a distance the metropolitan area of San Juan, Puerto Rico. Unfortunately, we did not have a camera to record the event. I always keep this experience in my mind and now seeing documentaries and UFO topics in cable TV I have decided to report such event. This UFO hovered from left to right no more that 400 meters in either direction. After the weather cleared the same started to movre very slowly in an easterly direction and after a couple of seconds it dissapeared in a flash, moments later the weather cleared. The helicopter kept flying slowly in a westerly direction until it was no longer seen nor heard.
The question is if these beings have any control over the weather or these beings/crafts can manipulate cloud formations to their advantage. No metion of this was made on the local news/press. I do not know if anybody else saw or recorded such event. 

Note:
I know the island is a "hot-bed" for UFO sightings. The latest was captured on infrared camera over the old Ramey Air Force Base located at the northwestern tip of Puerto Rico. The same was posted in YouTube. It was filmed by the island's Drug Enforcement Office. The camera was mounted in a Blackhawk helicopter when the craft (UFO) came in view and was filmed. 
Thanks,
JRR
