{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-05 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505447","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53409","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":15826,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/447/mufon-5505447.json","updb_database_id":5505447}
A ufo experience

Today1s Date: Tuesday December 3/2013
	It1s been awhile since I decided to complete this UFO experience I1ve had, it1s not because I didn1t want too, but who do I reveal this to that will take the information seriously.
	When I had this happen to me I sent an email to HBCCUFO. In my story after I describe what happen, I did a total reversal saying that I didn1t believe in UFO1s and Alien life outside of our planet, and referred to the comedian Mr Paul Mooney about how absurd it is to think that a race of beings can travel the entire universe only to end up crashing on our planet. 
I was scared that I was sending my email to our Government that seems to want to silence any experiences by it1s citizens following in the US1s approach to dealing with this phenomenon. I was afraid I would be questioned and life would be turned upside down. I was scared that I don1t know who the HBCCUFO is. After sending my email to them I was relieved to find that they dismissed my case. 

	But the story is real1 what I witnessed that night will always run through my mind, now after 3 years I remember more of what happened that night.
	This has turned into more than just a UFO sighting, I believe it became an encounter and an abduction.

Last Name : Jones
First Name : Lawrence. A 
Primary Email : landoriz@yahoo.ca
Street Address : 111 Lawton Blvd
City : Toronto
State or Province : Ontario
Zip Code : M4V1Z9
Country : Canada
Primary Phone Number : 416 278 5005
Event Date : 08/05/2010
Event Time : 22:50
AM or PM? : PM
Event Country : Canada
Event State or Province : Ontario
Event City : Toronto
Number of witnesses : 1
Number of objects : 5

Detailed Description : 

	On July 20th 2010 at about 18:30 my roommate and I were talking about Mayan Calendar and the end of the world, in Dec 2012. She thought that Obama would be revealed as the AntiChrist and I originally said earthquake but I really wanted to go outside the box and I decided to say that UFO1s would land and declare that humans are not alone in the Universe, and that the Governments know about it already and are just hiding it from the public. I really didn1t believe in UFO1s but that was outside of the box.
	
	Anyway I got tired of my roommate and asked her to move out she did within the end of the week. So August 1st would come and I would be alone in the apartment. How ironic what would actually happen in a few days after she moved out.
 
	At about 22:50 hours on I believe it was August 5th 2010 I was watching TV and I began to feel tried and that I was getting a massive headache, I thought I was just tired because I have to work early in the morning and I have nerve damage in my jaw so I constantly have a headache but this was different it was not only a headache but it made me feel overwhelmingly tired. I felt like just lying there on my coach and falling asleep and almost did in the relaxed sitting position where I was. But the lights were on in my apartment and I had to put my dishes in the sink. But this headache came in waves and pulses exhausting me but I made the decision to get up put everything away and go to my bed. So I got up and turned off the kitchen light, just as I was about to turn off the living room light go to bed, I noticed that my cat Sara was sitting on the window ledge looking into the night sky. I looked at her in an odd fashion because she never did this before. She looked back at me then slowly in a casual way only a cat can looked back out the window. I always talk to my cat and give her as much attention as I can, so I walked up to her and said 1What are you looking at outside the window?1 I looked out the window to see what she was looking at1The view (which is on the 2nd floor of the building) I have is a few trees a fence and a school yard with a running track around the soccer field. I looked out onto the school yard and saw know one on the field but my cat was still looking out so I bent over to look up to see from her angle1I was shocked to see a bright light in the sky??? It was a small completely white light and I couldn1t imagine what it was doing there. It was not a star as I searched my head for a logical answer. I looked at my cat as she jumped down off the window ledge and disappeared somewhere in my apartment. The only reasonable conclusion I could come up with was that this glowing white light in the night sky was a meteor or asteroid and that it was heading straight for the building, if that was the case then I was dead, my cat would be dead and everyone was dead. I didn1t know how great an impact it would be, but I was at ground zero. I came to the realization that I may only have seconds to live. It was pointless running because I wouldn1t make it to the front door of the building before it would hit. I went to the bedroom still fighting the headache and tiredness I was feeling. I said a quick prayer and tried desperately to think of all the people I loved and hated. I was surprised it didn1t already hit us? I went to the window of my bedroom and looked out, it was still in the sky, surely an asteroid or meteor would have hit by now? I leaned up against the wall beside my window and tried to think if escape was possible. I couldn1t figure this out, I should be dead. I calmed myself down and decided to get a better view of the object in the sky so I decided to go onto the balcony. As I went onto the balcony (it was refreshing outside and cleared my head) I looked up at the white light object getting bigger. I looked to my left and I could see that the August sky was still lit by the sun in the west and wasn1t as dark as the sky overhead. I noticed 2 white lights going westward. One in a straight arch across the sky and the other seemed to make a distinct turn going more west west/south. Then I said 1Holy what are these things?1 I looked around to see if there were more in the sky and there was another at about 11 o1clock position to were I was, almost directly overhead it was also moving west. I looked back to see were the original white light was and if it would also begin to go west. The sky was relatively clear on this night but had a sprinkling of clouds and more clouds seemed to be moving in. Now the white light in the sky was getting bigger and bigger I thought I should observe everything, I felt that if I ran inside to get my cell phone and take pictures or record what I was seeing that by the time I was able to get back it would be gone. So I thought my best bet to record the information was through observation. This is when I conscientiously thought UFO. I searched the object to see if it had the usual saucer shape but could only see the white light. I looked back at the other lights but they were now gone. (This is extremely hard to put into words). The white light was getting bigger. I didn1t want to stare at the white light so that I would not do any harm to my eyes, (but I noticed that the light had a tiny black centre). So I looked around in the sky to see what else was happening. Larger and more clouds began to move in from the south/east, I now noticed there was another light east and at about 2 o1clock of my position in the sky. When I say in the sky I mean very high in the sky and that these objects looked like stars the only difference is that these stars moved. (I will stop calling it the white light now and start calling it the object). The object moved slowly as it came towards the building. Now I understood why it took so long for the object to reach the building. It stopped about 10 to 15 yards and about 20 stories high away from the building and there was no noise from the object at all. I looked at the object and at the new object (star) both were almost in my line of vision. The object was motionless and began to descend. I could barely see the object itself but I did notice that the white light in front of it was flat???, then it turned to face me the white light in front of it pointed at me like an eye as it noticed me looking at it. I felt as tough it was in shock that I was still there awake and looking at it. After it descended about 10-15 feet it began to rise into the air again. The object looked back at me I keep looking this time and I noticed that the object star in the sky flashed red then I noticed that on the on the bottom left side of the object about 5 o1clock flashed red too. 

(I can describe the object now as a paisley shape with the size of an upside down four door hatchback car, it was completely black but had electrical rippling around it in a controlled manner, as though it was encased and the electrical rippling could not escape the encasing. The electrical rippling may have come from the object (blackness ship)? inside the encasing or from the white light from in front of the object.)

	Then at the bottom to the rear of the object there was an orange crescent moon spark and the object began to descend again.
	The star object began to get covered by the clouds now rolling in and I noticed that it began to move the last position I could tell it was in was directly overhead but the clouds were making it difficult to see the star object in the sky until I was unable to see it any longer. I began to feel the waves of pulses that gave me a headache and made me extremely tired, it hit me hard again. I looked down almost passing out, but I fought off this wave off pulses again and looked back at the object. The object was now moving slowly down the east side of the building were the windows are. It seemed to be looking into each apartment looking at the people inside (I felt as though it was spying or peeping in on the people inside) I wanted to yell or scream but couldn1t, and even if I did and it flew off people would think I was nuts. Now in retrospect I wish I did maybe someone else was able to fight off the pulses the way I was and had a different view of the object and more importantly another witness. As I continued to look at the object it may have been about 18 feet away from me as it came to the second floor level. The objects white light pointed at me again and the object rose again quickly without any noise the white light still focused on me. It stopped when it got to about 17 stories high descended a little to about the 9th floor level then noiselessly it move across the tree tops of the ravine to the east of me and out of view. I felt that I should run out to see were it was going but again I thought by the time I got out the front door of the building it would be gone. 

	I may have been practical to a fault. 

	My reaction after the object was gone was ok I1ll deal with what happened tomorrow. (typical of my male scepticism and procrastination) but I was also exhausted I had to work early in the morning and the waves of tiredness and headaches came over me again.

	Then I remember was going into my bedroom and literally falling in my bed with the light still on I lay in bed exhausted but got up turned the light off and went to bed.

	I1m not a heavy sleeper and if I have to I1ll wake up.

	That night I remember begin wakened up I heard Sara growling (she never growls and is actually a very quiet cat) and her growl became more angry like she was cornered by someone/something. I heard this and immediately said the word Sara with my mouth and gave a nudge to get up to see if she was ok. In my exhausted state I heard a voice say 1don1t hurt it, he loves it.1 Then I heard Sara1s growling fading away as though her growling was being choked off. (I1ve heard the growling of a cat when they are fighting a raccoon and when the racoon kills the cat how the cats growling dies down, this was the same sound). I fell back to sleep. 
	I woke up again still with Sara on my mind but there was someone /something above me over my face to my right. I tried to see who or what it was but I was exhausted and it was like trying to look through goggles in a fog. It was very bright but I tried to focus on the figure over me. The face was thin and pale it had a large head and large black eyes I thought 1Who are you,1 and he said 1the doc,11before he could finish he looked over me to my left, there was another being there this one was smaller, it seemed to walk towards the us, I turned to look at this new being standing to my left, through my exhausted state, through the fogged goggles of my vision. I looked at the smaller being standing there. I could only see the face and head (it was not as grey as the larger one standing over my right but a more grey white) and the head was so large that I though 1What a big head you have, your funny, you have such a big head, people are going to think your funny.1 The smaller beings demeanour seemed to change from happy to sad, his head tilted downward a little and the small thin mouth seemed to be expressionless it1s large black eyes seemed sad. I felt sad and wanted the smaller being to know that I didn1t mean it that way and that I didn1t want to hurt it1s feelings. So I said 1Don1t be sad your beautiful though, your so beautiful, like..like an angel.1 1An angel?1 1Yes an angel.1 It looked back up at me and immediately it seemed happy now. I was now going to try to look at the bigger one again but a thin long hand pass over my face and chest and I fell back to sleep.
	
At some point I remember the larger figure over me putting it1s hand seemingly under the right side of my back as I lay there, it was cold but I didn1t feel it1s touch, but I do remember myself turning to my left side without my wanting to, this made me go 1ahhhh1. The little one said 1Is he ok?1 and the bigger one said 1Yes, he1s ok he1s just uncomfortable and doesn1t want to be moved like this. He1s strong, good bone structure, he1s in pain, too bad he1ll never reprod.1 I fell back to sleep. 
	
	I went to work I didn1t remember anything except the light in the sky that it came I saw it and it left. I couldn1t say anything to the people at work about it because they wouldn1t believe me.

	And Now

	I didn1t believe in UFO1s or aliens before this and I was at the time questioning religion, but now I do believe in the existence of superior life forms outside of this planet. I don1t know if there is a god. But if there is that1s probably why these beings haven1t destroyed us yet, or maybe they1re are the gods and have only been manipulating us, or maybe they are taking our DNA and cloning it as a food source, or maybe they want us to live because we are they1re creation and are genetically modifying us until we become more like them, or maybe they need us for parts. I don1t know the truth may be very strange when we find the answer.
