{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-24 06:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283447","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119991","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3129,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/447/mufon-5283447.json","updb_database_id":5283447}
Photo only

I leave my house in Charleston, SC at between 4-5AM for work routinely, and drive a couple hours as the sun comes up. I often take photos from my car as I drive of sunrises, sunsets, or other beautiful things. I am driving, so my eyes are mostly on the road and I take multiple pics without really looking, hoping that I get one or two good ones. On Christmas Eve, I was driving over the bridge on I-95 towards Florence, SC at approximately 6:30AM. The sun was rising over the lake, and it was gorgeous. I held my phone in my right hand and began to take photos. I snapped at least a dozen without really looking. After the bridge, I scrolled through the photos and deleted all the ones that were crooked, fuzzy, poorly exposed, etc. Two looked good, and I kept them. But then I noticed something in the left side of the photos. It was shaped like a diamond, and it looked like a perfectly geometrical diamond shape in the sky. I thought maybe it was a reflection on my window, or a lens flare. I started taking more pics in the direction of the rising sun. I could not recreate a flare like that or any sort of reflection. Indeed, I have never, in thousands of images taken with this phone, seen a flare or distortion like what I see in these two photos.
I did not see anything in person, I only saw it in the photos. Maybe it is some sort of flare or reflection? But I just don’t think so. I googled “Diamond Shaped UFO” and saw that others seem to have seen similar things. Are we all experiencing the same thing, some sort of cell-phone lens or aperture distortion? Maybe, I don’t know. Please let me know if others have seen similar shaped objects, or if this appears to be just a photographic effect of some sort. I do not have strong feelings pro or con alien visitations, I think it’s probably reasonable to believe it is true. A lot of people wit nothing to gain have reported these things, and I don’t think average people often lie for no reason. But in this case, I guess a lens flare or reflection is possible, even though I have never had that experience before with this camera phone. But if this is an object that has been seen by others, that would seem to confirm that perhaps there is something to it. Thank you for this site and your efforts.
