{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465447","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95329","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3739,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/447/mufon-5465447.json","updb_database_id":5465447}
Unusual none aircraft like lights moving around sky at one point shadowing a plane

Was going to bed approximately 10pm on the night of September 12th 2018. As i looked out of the window at the night sky as I always do, (Keen astronomer), I noticed a plane. nothing abnormal about that but tailing it were 2 objects with red and blue lights. I thought that's strange and told my wife to take a look. She thought it was strange too and I also went and fetched my 29 year old daughter, whose words were, "What the heck is that!"

I ran to my office to fetch my camera, Panasonic Lumix FZ62. I went into the garden and tried to zoom in with my 24X lens. By this time another object appeared and then another! The two objects that appeared to be tailing the plane started fly around randomly. They appeared to be similar craft cigar or cylindrical shaped. The third and fourth were different again. I managed to track the motion of the craft and get off a few pics (4 pictures and the same zoomed in attached.)

I went and got my Celeston 20x70 astronomical binoculars and was astounded! The one object that appeared to be much bigger than the others was covered in white lights. The only way to describe it is it looked liked a chandelier flying on its side!

The other object was a definite triangular shape, 3 points of red light.

All 4 objects moved across the South western sky in random flight paths for about 45 mins. As soon as I went back into my house I looked out of my upstairs Velux roof window and all the objects were gone!
I gazed at the sky for another 10 to 15 mins but nothing. I was sure the sighting would be on my local news or in the local paper. Nothing! I Googled it and looked on Facebook to see if others had reported it. Nothing! I couldn't believe that something so vivid was not picked up by others or maybe I've just been looking in the wrong places.

Just to set the record straight I regularly observe aircraft in the night sky. These were NOT aircraft sequential strobe lights or even shaped like aircraft. The flying chandelier was the object that really made the hair on the back of my neck stand up.

The event has been bugging me for the past few weeks and I needed to tell my story without been ridiculed. I know what I saw that night and it wasn't like anything I have seen before. The photos dont do it justice but its all I've got. Will use video if it ever happens again.
