{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-26 09:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494447","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65029","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2627,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/447/mufon-5494447.json","updb_database_id":5494447}
{dr}Cigar shaped UFO moving In a straight line N to S 10 degrees above the ocean around 3.4 miles away

I was sitting on the second floor deck of a beach rental home around 9:10 am when I observed a large cigar shaped object moving North to South about 10 degrees above the water near the horizon (3.4 miles). It caught my eye because it was dark gray and I was looking at the light gray/white clouds at the horizon. I was sitting with two other people and immediately said "what is that?" because it was so large, moving quite fast and had no visible lights on it. The two other people immediately turned to look, but it had gone through some clouds and was not visible. They turned away resuming their conversation while I continued to keep my eyes focused along the horizon. A few seconds later I could see it again, but it was flying through the low level clouds/fog and would disappear a few seconds at a time. The two others turned again as they could see I was tracking it with my eyes. I then point my finger at the object and tracked it so they could see it, but by the time their eyes focused on the horizon, it disappeared in the clouds. I never saw it after that. 

The reason I think it wasn't an aircraft was the speed, the size and the fact there were no wing lights or other lights on it. Another reason, which is hard to verbalize, was the way it moved so smoothly. Aircraft can look jerky at that distance and appear fuzzy around the edges due to the movement of the wings as it cuts through the air. The craft I observed glided through the air as if there were no atmosphere around it. Again, it is very hard to put into words how easily it traveled at a high speed. 

I've tried to determine the size but I can't accurately measure it. Perhaps if I describe it, you can estimate it. I know the distance was around 3.4 miles as it appeared to be at the horizon. I placed a ruler about five inches from my face and the object measured slighly less than a half inch. 

The total time of observation was 30-45 seconds.
