{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-09 09:39:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503447","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55496","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2716,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/447/mufon-5503447.json","updb_database_id":5503447}
{cak} Dash-cam captured flying object near Crystal Lake, IL.

On March 9, 2014 I was trying out my GoPro Hero2 camera as a dash-cam while returning home from a friends house. The camera was placed unsecured on the center speaker of the dashboard of my Ford Fusion and recording began from my friends drive-way and discontinued approximately 2 minutes after the object appeared (not sure why recording stopped). At the time I did not notice the object or anything out of the ordinary. I first noticed the object upon viewing the video. The object immediately struck me as odd. The size and speed of the object seem out of place with other air traffic that I have observed in the area. It seems to me to be a very large object moving very fast at a very high altitude. From my limited ability to study the video I have considered the following: a) A reflection in the windshield; dismissed because it appears to go behind the trees and dim behind clouds. b) An airplane; not entirely dismissed, but inconsistent with other observed air traffic. c) The International Space Station; still my best guess due to direction of travel and relation to the sun, but I was not able to confirm that the ISS was traveling along this path at that time. I have attached a video clip of the object that includes the original video and a zoomed repeat of the same footage. In the original footage the object appears to emerge from behind the clouds about one quarter of the screen from the left and a quarter from the top and is quickly and briefly obscured by a tree, then is clearly seen until it flies out of picture near the top and center of the picture.

I still have the original file in full on the memory card in the camera. I have not removed the video card from the camera. I just copied the file to my computer and cut the clip from the copied file.

It is probably an airplane, but that doesn't feel right to me when I see it. Perhaps you can confirm that it was an airplane. That would make me feel better. It is just bugging me.
