{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-29 17:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518447","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38724","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5841,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/447/mufon-5518447.json","updb_database_id":5518447}
Deep black

Sitting down in my backyard on this beautiful and clear late Tuesday afternoon, I was looking around at the sky noticing the birds as I often like to do when Im sitting outside. Living in south St. Louis, I yet sometimes see one or both of a pair of red-tailed hawks that live in a large cemetery close to my house, and a fairly wide variety of birds (and bats in the evening) for what I would expect living where I do, including hummingbirds. Ten days before Id noticed a very-large "black hawk" and got a picture of it in the distance that no one has yet been able to identify, but could be an immature turkey vulture.

Anyways, I was looking up in the sky and peripherally noticed a large black "hawk". Pretty much at the moment I then focused right on it, it appeared to be the shape of two triangles connected at one of eachs points! It then started darting around in the sky, never moving in curved lines but in straight lines then angles when changing direction. As it was darting around it was moving closer to the ground and seemingly slightly closer to me. I pretty quickly figured it wasnt a bird because Ive never seen nor heard of a bird move that way before. Its movements were "jerky", where it would move fast, perhaps stop then suddenly change direction and suddenly move fast again, etc. The object appeared to be tumbling or changing shape all along its travel, where I am certain I did see the two-connected triangle shape more than once during its travel, but it seemed to be changing its orientation/shape while moving. In terms of a conventional description, it looked most like a black trash bag being buffeted about by a strong shifting winds storm.

However, there was a very gentile wind mostly perpendicular yet slightly against the direction of the objects travel at the time which I took notice of. I also noticed how black the object was, it never seemed to reflect any kind of sunlight in the clear sky, which made it appear only 2-dimensional as no depth could be perceived of the completely jet black non-reflective surface of the object. I also noticed the speed at which the object took on its longer beelines through the sky. Ive seen birds diving, kites diving, radio-controlled planes diving and none of them nor anything else Ive ever seen could match the speed it could travel as if on an invisible rail in the sky when going from point to point while constantly changing its orientation/shape. If the object were the size of a large hawk in my relative perspective, I first noticed it about 45 degrees off the horizon at perhaps 300 distance from me point to point. It eventually traveled diagonally down to my right to about 10 degrees off the horizon where I lost it when it went behind some trees heading towards the ground. Again, if the object were the size of a large hawk, I last saw it perhaps 200 away, point to point. Holding up my hand at the start, the object would have been the width of my pinkie finger, and the width of my ring finger when I last saw it. By that time I had gotten out of my chair and walked to a point in my backyard where I could see it as long as I could from my yard, the total focused visual contact was about 7 - 8 seconds.

Ive included an image I created using a picture I took of that area of the sky just five minutes later from my sitting position, and painted in a facsimile of what I saw. I was able to see the object further to the right of what can be seen in the image, having walked to where I could see there during the sighting. The objects path isnt exact either, it probably had a few more twists and turns. A sense of consternation immediately overcame me at the time of the sighting, and hasnt fully left. The night before I witnessed a large object, or fixed set of lights, traverse I-55 in Cape Girardeau, which I also reported to MUFON but also had another witness who also called it/them unidentified. This circumstance took place less than 24 hours later at my house in St. Louis but I was the only witness. It is a strange personal co-incidence that when I first noticed it, it bore a resemblance to the black "hawk" Id recently photographed and have been trying to identify, which Im also including with this report of the personal co-incidence. Knowing that the thing was under control, whether it could be called "intelligent" control, it was not a natural creature nor a conventional object, but my consciousness thought it acted like a "fake" bird, and the object/lights Id seen the night before my consciousness thought it acted like a "fake" plane. My consternation is that another consciousness may be "messing" with my consciousness!

I make this report not so much for MUFON but for you people of the public, those who think that other consciousnesses may be messing with your consciousness. This is aldo to you who think that other people wont/havent believe/believed you as you may try to recount your own unique personal strange circumstances to your family, friends or even the public :)
