{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525447","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30307","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2647,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/447/mufon-5525447.json","updb_database_id":5525447}
Strange ball of light accompanied by a humming sound seen through windows

This is a report of two incidents that occurred sometime around 2007 at our previous residence in York County, Virginia. Our home at the time was a two story house at a subdivision in a wooded (but still quite populated) area. 

Sometime in the late evening I was walking along the upstairs hallway when I saw a white light streaming in through the window blinds in the bedroom directly across from me. The light was coming in from the upper edges of the window and was quite intense, almost as if a large lamp was hung from the edge of the roof directly above the window. However, as I began to approach it, the light suddenly disappeared. Although what I had seen struck me as odd, it lasted only for a few seconds and I did not dwell much upon it at the time. 

The second incident happened several weeks later. I was in the process of tucking into bed after watching the TV in my bedroom, most likely sometime after midnight. The bed was pushed up against the wall under a window, which meant I was able to see the sky outside between the gaps in the blinds as I lay in my bed. As I settled in and shifted closer to the window, I suddenly saw a ball of light, perhaps a bit larger than a basketball (although this is only in relation to my field of view without knowledge of how far the object was from me). Unlike the previous incident, light was not streaming in through the blinds, and so I was unaware of it until I lay down on my bed. The object seemed to be hovering in the air adjacent to the house, where it lasted for a few seconds before suddenly disappearing as before. Once it was gone, I also noticed that a humming sound that was previously present was also gone, much in the same way that a person notices the silence after a background noise, such as ventilation, disappears.

PS: Several years later, an acquaintance also told me of a similar incident in which his wife saw an orb of light, similar to what I described, over the driveway of their house.
