{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490845","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68731","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2915,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/845/mufon-5490845.json","updb_database_id":5490845}
{jpg} Visible two nights, second night streaked into area like a meteor, then stationary with random flashes

On the evening of June 19th I was standing on my front porch looking at an unusually clear starry sky over Melbourne Florida, the next city to my north. It is very common to see air traffic at all altitudes and in all directions. When the sky is clear as it was that night, I often also see satellites and meteors. I also want to preface my story with the fact that I have been in and around aircraft all my life and while I'm not a pilot I have been a student pilot and flown in many different types. I'm very familiar with most civilian and military aircraft characteristics as well as aerodynamics and even (to an extent) physics. 

Over the city in front of me I saw a flash. The duration of the flash could probably be measured in milliseconds; it was very brief. For a moment I thought I'd seen a meteor because I wasn't looking directly at it. But then it flashed again in a different location roughly ten seconds later and got a better look. It seemed to have a diffuse glow around it, unlike the pinpoint collision lighting of typical aircraft in the area. This repeated a few more times and each time was in a different spot. I was unable to see it move from place to place between flashes and I found myself really wishing I had IR equipment. The flashing lasted about eight minutes. At no time was there any sound from it. 

The following night at virtually the same time, I actually saw what appeared to be the same object come into the area and it was a spectacular arrival. It would be difficult to estimate the speed except to say that it could easily have been over the Gulf just a couple seconds earlier. It literally streaked in like a meteor. I want to be clear that I would not have seen it arrive except that it blinked as it did so, leaving a horizontal streak of perhaps 30 degrees (for a flash of such short duration to cover that much sky the speed would be phenomenal). Then similar behavior from the previous night was repeated, i.e. a strobe in various locations, this time for about five minutes. 

On a personal level, watching this thing was eerie. Frankly it made the hair stand up on my arms and neck because I knew this was something extraordinary and apparently technological.
