{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-05 03:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502845","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56143","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3535,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/845/mufon-5502845.json","updb_database_id":5502845}
{nd} Silver gray about 30 feet long with 5 panels and what appeared to be 4 windows

I was on my way home from work. Left my work place in Versailles KY at 2:54 AM. Drove about 8 miles west on Highway US 60 West to get to Interstate 64 West. A quarter of a mile or so from the interstate, I noticed something that looked like a low flying plane. I looked at time on radio and it was 3:14 AM. I have tinted windows on my car so I let my window down to get a better look at it. At that time I was close to the stoplight for the left turn to get on the interstate. The light turned red and I stopped. I notice the craft in the air stopped also. It really got my attention then. When the light turned green I proceeded left and drove up the ramp onto the interstate. A tractor trailer passed and I got in behind it. To my left on the other side of the interstate I notice the craft. It was keeping up with my car. The speed limit is 70 and the truck in front of me was doing about 60. I decided not to pass and stay back and see what this thing was.It went out of my view before I passed the Kentucky river bridge. After the bridge there are rock walls on both sides going westbound. After clearing them the craft appeared at about 10 o'clock to my left. I let my window down to try and get a video of it. Couldn't get it. I was about a quarter of a mile from my exit home and it started to bear to the left. I took the exit right and when I got to the end of the exit I stopped at the stop sign. The craft made a right turn and stopped too. I proceeded right in the left lane and the craft was on the other side of the road just above the utility poles. I needed to go about 1/3 of a mile to make a left turn to get home. It stayed with me. When I slowed down to get in the left turning lane the craft turned left. I made a quick turn right and raced up the street about a half mile maybe less to the Super America store. I parked in front and the craft went over head and up in the sky. It took the appearance of a star. I went inside and got me something to drink and I told the cashier about something following me. She said it was probably the police. Enough said to her. I Went outside and looked up and it was still there. Got in my car and proceeded to make a right turn on US 127 South. The craft went from being a star into being some type of ship. It was withing 30 yards from my passenger side window on the right. It hovered for maybe 10 seconds and slowly proceeded south up the street. I don't remember anything until I pull up at home to park my car. Lost 20 minutes somewhere. The craft went to the western sky and took the appearance of a star again. I ran inside for a few minutes and then came back out to see if it was still there. It was and it looked like an orange star. I got my phone and got about 49 seconds of video.
