{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496845","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62534","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3573,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/845/mufon-5496845.json","updb_database_id":5496845}
{nd} Single light in front, two lights in back, low altitude flying over town, slow rate of speed, turned SW

I was at home. Received call from relative at approximately 10:20 p.m. on 1/8/15. Relative asked if I'd heard what was occurring with an unknown object flying throughout the area. I hadn't. Relative then stated since shortly after 9:00 p.m. over 143 witnesses had contacted the County Sheriff's Dept. reporting an unknown object flying very low and making no sound within the surrounding area. Relative then sent me pages from the County Sheriff's webpage where I was able to read eyewitness reports and official responses. 

15 to 20 minutes after the call my relative then stated police were reporting object flying low over a main building in town close to where I live. I went to the bathroom window giving me a line of sight view in the direction indicated. I saw a low, large slow moving object with a single whitish/ blue light in the front and two same color lights in the back (one located on each side of the object). They were not blinking. There seemed to be a considerable distance between the two sides at the back and there appeared to be a "raise" at the point where the lights were connected. The body of the object the lights were adhered to was dark to dark gray. After about 30 seconds after seeing the object it turned slowly in a SW direction at which point I lost sight of it. At the time I remember feeling odd about how something of that size was able to move that slowly at such a low altitude without stalling. And although that ended the duration of my sighting the object continued to be sighted and reported throughout the community to the local authorities by phone and police website for another 40 to 45 minutes. 

Official responses continued to the ongoing multiple sightings being reported up through approximately 11:20 p.m. at which time the Sheriff's department website was closed. Prior to this, county officials stated the local Air Guard couldn't pick the object up on radar because it was flying at a number of 81.0 and the radar was set at 121.6 to 123.4. Further statements by officials included information indicating two jets had been dispatched from a nearby Maryland military facility to investigate and that by checking with FAA and local military (Airguard / regional airports) the object was neither military or civilian.

Although my sighting occurred at approximately 10:35 p.m. the first reported sighting occurred at approximately 9 to 9:10 p.m. There were also numerous pictures sent to the website of the object. Although the lights match what I saw the darkened body in at least one of the pictures looks different. This may be because I saw the object from it's left side and the picture appears to have been taken from below the object. 

The incident was at the time of this writing over 48 hours ago and to my knowledge there has been no further information given to the community regarding it.
