{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-17 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514845","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43342","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3582,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/845/mufon-5514845.json","updb_database_id":5514845}
(GS) I had the perfect view of a very large object with bright lights, moving very fast over my home at low altitude. A very loud and unearthly noise, then disappeared.

At roughly 10 pm at night I was outside to put a couple tools away and lock up my shed. As I stepped out of the shed, a loud rocket-like noise caught my attention and I noticed quickly a very bright light in the west. I turned to lock my shed thinking the noise was a plane, and the light was the moon. I locked the shed and as I turned around to walk back to the house I noticed the noise was getting much louder very quickly. I looked up and saw the lights that I saw a moment earlier, moving at an extremely fast speed. I stopped as I continued to watch it. It was moving very fast in a direction that was bringing it right over my house, getting larger and much louder as it approached. I then heard a very loud and unidentifiable noise. As the rocket-like noise grew louder, it then made a very loud digital/electronic/sound effects type noise that sounded almost as if was powering up and gradually went silent. Approximately the same time as the noise change, the lights were passing directly over my house. At this time I could see very clearly that it was an object. It had three to four very bright lights in the center and three outer lights in a triangular shape toward the rear of the object. Light illuminated the under surface of the object showing the sides of the triangular pattern against the darker night sky. I believe it was less than 500ft high and between 60-100ft across. I saw it very clearly. As it was just passing beyond my neighbors home, it just disappeared and the sound went quiet at the same time. The lights did not go out, as I never lost sight of it, they just disappeared. I ran inside to tell my fiance and my mother. My mother was smoking a cigarette at the back door with the door open. I told her what I just saw and her jaw dropped, and she said that she had heard the strange noise, and just didn't know what it was. My fiance was watching tv in the bedroom, and said the tv channels bounced around and the picture went static for a moment. There were no stars, no planes, kites, or lights in the sky that night. The weather was foul and the night sky was very dark. We often will sit and watch the night sky, and have seen many odd things many different times. The weather was cold and rainy at the time of this event and I was not outside stargazing, I stumbled upon the moment unassumingly and it lasted approximately 1-2 minutes. I share a couple other sightings with my mother and fiance over the summer and have a very strange video I shot with a friends camera a couple months ago, but I have never seen any thing like this. The moment left me feeling very shaken up and left me with a very unnerving feeling. There is no doubt in my mind what I saw and sketched a picture within 10 minutes of the sighting. I cannot scan the sketch at this time, but I have it on hand.
