{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504845","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54036","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2897,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/845/mufon-5504845.json","updb_database_id":5504845}
{cak} A blue circle of light grew larger. It had a small dark centre. A star-like object flew into it. It grew smaller and disappeared.

It was around April-May of 2013 early in the evening just after supper. I went outside to the back patio to have a cigarette. It was dark out and I was watching the stars and the planes in the clear night sky. 

As I was watching one of the low flying planes heading North, a small bright blue perfect circle appeared that seamed to be ahead of and higher the plane in the lower half of the North Eastern sky. Of course it could have been much further than that but it's difficult to tell when looking at the sky.

The electric blue circle suddenly grew larger and had a lighter outline and a small dark centre. It grew to about the size of a quarter if I held it up against the sky. As I watched in amazement, I then saw a shooting star-like object about four times the size and way brighter than a star, fly into the centre the circle and disappear. Then the circle shrank to nothing just before the plane passed by it. It all seamed to happen in slow motion. My first thought was that it was an explosion of some kind. I didn't see the star-like object at first because the plane was blocking my view of it, so when the star-like object flew into the blue circle, it looked as if it was coming from the plane. To me it looked like the plane had shot something at the circle. 

The plane continued on it's path North and all was normal again. All I could think of was that I had witnessed something amazing but wasn't sure what it was. I thought maybe I had witnessed a supernova but it didn't make sense. Can one see a supernova with the naked eye? I did a search online to see pics of supernovas and they didn't match what I had seen. But somehow I knew it wasn't that anyway. It was way too close, too big, and too blue. 

I was so excited that I ran into the house to tell my husband what I had seen. I kept thinking about the people in the plane and wondered how they felt after seeing this. How could they miss it? I searched the internet and found reports of electric blue portals with crafts entering or exiting them. But these where blue gas-like shapes. Mine was a perfect electric blue circle, crisp and clear. It was not a spiral. And it was beautiful!
