{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500845","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58240","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2724,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/845/mufon-5500845.json","updb_database_id":5500845}
{rjl} My husband and I saw 2 glowing UFOs fly by our home.

My husband and I were sitting on our steps in the back of our house that we just moved into. It was very clear out that night and the stars and the moon were very bright. I turned to my husband to answer a question that he had asked me when I saw the unexplainable. There were two very bright, glowing orbs traveling eastward in the sky. They were a yellowish orange and had a strange glow to them. I said "WOW!" and that is when my husband turned to see them too. They appeared to fly almost parallel to each other, with the orb closest to us just a little bit behind the other one. We could see that they had an oval-like shape. The UFO that was trailing behind a little then suddenly started moving over toward the other one and we thought that they might crash into each other. It did not crash, bit got extremely close to the other UFO then seemed to blink out. I could still see the shape of it though and it appeared to move down like it was landing. The other UFO continued on and disappeared behind the many trees that were around us. Another strange thing that happened was, as they UFO's were flying overhead, they seemed to release what looked like mini shooting stars. We saw just two of these shoot around the UFO's as they were flying. They made absolutely no sound at all and were flying way too low to be a plane or helicopter. When I first saw the objects, I thought they were military jets, then quickly realized they weren't because I couldn't hear them and the entire body of the crafts were glowing that strange bright yellow-orange color. My husband and I were both stunned at what we saw that night and I have been very un-easy since then. If I hear a strange noise outside, I run back in the house and I shut and lock all of my doors and windows. I have seen UFO's a few times before and this is my first time reporting a sighting. This is the first time I have seen any this close to me. These objects were about 600ft away from us and clear as day. I wish I would have had a camera on me at that moment to capture them on film. It was truly incredible.
