{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-02 19:57:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481845","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78135","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2529,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/845/mufon-5481845.json","updb_database_id":5481845}
The UFO was big, and it was in a shape I couldn't describe.

I was on my way home from Uni. My mum was driving. We were about 4 to 5 minutes away from our condo, and my mum says, "Ann! Look at the sky, there's something weird!" . So I leaned towards the car window on my left to get a view of it. Now at this time we were maybe 25 to 35 meters away from where the UFO was stationery. I quickly took out my phone and took a video, zooming into what initially looked like a giant lantern with flashy bright lights which switched colours from purple to blue to a yellowish golden color. Or maybe it was a drone, I thought to myself. That was when my camera stopped recording unfortunately but when we got nearer to the UFO, I noticed that this thing was huge. I was so shocked and speechless to even see it It was 100% not a plane as it was really big. It was higher than a tree but not high enough to be a plane. Plus, it looked like an irregular object, an indescribable shape. There were multiple colored LED lights which formed a ring for each colour, green, yellow, red , blue , purple, almost like a rainbow, forming a giant circle and these lights were attached to the UFO . The UFO it self was a grayish metal ish looking like object, it wasn't that clear because it was outshines by the very VERY flashy lights. We got home in 1 a minute or two and I immediately call my friend because she lived closer to the UFO sighting spot and I asked her to rush out of her house to look for that thing but she didn't see anything and when I sent her the video she was so surprised that she had missed such bright lights in the sky. I'm so clueless about this. I don't know what this is, I have no explanation whatsoever. All I know is that it was too big to be a drone or a plane. I hope someone can help me out with this.
