{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-25 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505823","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53015","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2338,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/823/mufon-5505823.json","updb_database_id":5505823}
approximately 12 orange orbs moving slowing and without sound

On December 25, 2013 at 19:15, I was at friend's house when he screamed get outside now. While letting his dog out, he saw glowing orbs in the sky. We observed 5 orbs in a 'V' formation moving slowly from north to southwest low on the horizon with no sound. They appeared in our view over a high privacy fence and after the first 5 passed at about a mile away, more appeared following the formation. They were single file at the same altitude, not evenly spaced, some closer to each other and some further apart. I ran into the house to get my phone to take pictures. All that appeared on my screen was a tiny white spot which I will download and have someone more experienced look at. We both knew that we were viewing something unnatural and were yelling and hoping neighbours would come outside as well. There was no sound and no exhaust or blinking lights like a plane has. We are situated 20 miles from Pearson International Airport and these orbs were not going in that direction. We both stood in the snow without shoes to watch until the last orb appeared, then disappeared from our view into the low level clouds and this observation lasted about 4 minutes from the first formation to the last orb moving out of view. It was the most amazing experience, unlike anything else and I want to see them again. My friend worked at the GTAA and immediately checked Flight Tracker 24 on the internet and radar only showed two commercial aircraft in completely different locations at that exact time. My friend has always laughed at the thought of UFOs, but after witnessing those orbs, he has completed changed his outlook. On my mother's grave, this event happened as I have described.
