{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-10-30 22:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284823","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118590","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":11639,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/823/mufon-5284823.json","updb_database_id":5284823}
UFOs CHASED BY KC-135 TANKER Wurtsmith AFB, 2nd UFO Close Encounter, We were both directly under it for a little less than 5 minutes

UFO CHASED BY KC-135 TANKER
Wurtsmith AFB, Michigan
30 October 1975

Wurtsmith AFB, located 2 miles west of Oscoda, Michigan, had its beginning in 1923 as a landing area for Army airplanes from Selfridge Field near Detroit. In 1953, it was formally named for Michigan's World War II hero, Major General Paul B. Wurtsmith, who died in an aircraft accident.
Wurtsmith was home for the 379th Bombardment Wing which controlled the 524th Bombardment Squadron and the 920th Aerial Refueling Squadron. The base was signed over to SAC in April, 1960 and the 40th Air Division, which was reactivated in July 1959 and assigned to the Strategic Air Command's Eighth Air Force, was headquartered there. The Division's mission at Wurtsmith was to supervise and monitor the operation of the 379th and 410th Bombardment Wings, the 305th Aerial Refueling Wing, the 351st Strategic Missile Wing, the 128th Aerial Refueling Group, and the 931st Aerial Refueling Group. Wurtsmith was one of the northern tier bases that housed nuclear weapons. Wurtsmith encompasses some 5,200 acres of land and had about 3,500 people assigned. It was formally closed in June, 1993, and all nuclear weapons were removed.

10:10 P.M., October 30th, 1975.
Persons in the base family housing area in the southeast part of Wurtsmith began seeing a low-flying aircraft that they thought was a helicopter. It had running lights and it hovered and moved up and down in an erratic fashion. Airman, Martin E Tackabury, guarding the Capehart housing area gate observed an object with one white searchlight and two red lights at the rear. It was heading in a west-southwest direction. Another airman, on duty at the motor pool, saw lights near the western perimeter of the base. Sergeant Robert J. Anderson, also on duty at the motor pool, saw a KC-135 tanker and below the tanker he saw an unknown craft with a steady red light. Sounds similar to that of a helicopter were heard intermittently by observers.

10:25 P.M.
Security policemen at the back gate of Wurtsmith reported to their command post that they had observed an unidentified helicopter with no lights. The craft had hovered over the weapons storage area at low altitude. The craft moved towards the north, and when it reached the northern perimeter, it turned on its lights. Guards inside the weapons storage area reported seeing the craft and hearing a sound similar to that made by a helicopter.

10:30 P.M.
Radar picked up the craft over the weapons storage area and followed it to the southeast, a distance of 35 miles, at that point, a KC-135 tanker returning to Wurtsmith from a refueling mission. The Wing Commander, Colonel Boardman, ordered the KC-135 to try to intercept and identify the craft. The tanker was vectored in by Radar Approach Control, with the task of identification was handed over to the KC-135 commander. The KC-135 crew picked it up visually and on radar. Taylor, in his statement to Cahill, never once called the craft a helicopter, but called it "a UFO" and an "object." He said that their speed was about 200 knots, and in each attempt to close with the object, "it would speed away from us." Taylor added that when they were heading back to Wurtsmith, "we turned back in the direction of the UFO, and it really took off... doing approximately 1,000 knots."
Aboard the KC-135 was Major Frederick Pappas, the plane's commander; Captain K. E. May, co-pilot; Captain Rick Meier, the navigator; Captain Myron Taylor, instructor navigator; Captain Randy Higginbotham, instructor pilot; and Sergeant Steve Smith. 
Captain Myron Taylor, later reported in a statement to 379th Bomb Wing Historian Staff Sergeant Paul J. Cahill, that:

I remember seeing lights similar to strobe lights which were flashing irregularly. We followed the lights north out over Lake Huron and then the UFO swung south...
...after observing the lights we determined that there were in fact two objects and the irregular flashing appeared to be some sort of signal being passed from one to the other in an effort to maintain the same position.
...I would estimate that our altitude was about 2,000 feet and our speed approximately 200 knots.
...I would guess that we stayed close to the UFO most of the time, approximately one mile away, and each time we attempted to close on the object it would speed away from us. We followed the UFO down to Saginaw Bay and started across the Bay when we lost it because of all the fishing boat lights.
...On the way back [to Wurtsmith], we picked up the UFO again at our eight o'clock position. We turned away, and it proceeded to follow us. Finally, we turned back in the direction of the UFO and it really took off back in the direction of the Bay area. I know this might sound crazy, but I would estimate that the UFO sped away from us doing approximately 1,000 knots.
...we proceeded but at that point we were low on fuel and were forced to return to Wurtsmith. I remember that while on final approach we saw the lights again near the Weapons Storage Area.
...Captain Higginbotham was questioned by the OSI and cautioned not to discuss the incident.

A report was made to NORAD. The extract from the NORAD Command Director's Log reads:
31 Oct 75/0445Z:
Report from Wurtsmith AFB through Air Force Ops Center - incident at 0355Z. Helicopter hovered over SAC weapons storage area then departed area. Tanker flying at 2700 feet made both visual sighting and radar skin paint. Tracked object 25NM SE over Lake Huron where contact was lost.
The local police and the Saginaw, Michigan FBI office were notified, with no results.
All possible air traffic in the area was investigated, but none explained the UFO.
Since the Michigan Department of Natural Resources sometimes sent out helicopters to catch hunters spotlighting deer in nearby Huron National Forest, they were contacted. They had no aircraft in the air at the time.
The incidents were never explained.

Source material: Above Top Secret by Timothy Good, The UFO Coverup by Lawrence Fawcett & Barry J. Greenwood, U.F.O.s Are Real by Sergeant Clifford E. Stone
__________________________________________________________________
Wurtsmith 2nd UFO Close Encounter

Addendum: On September 27, 2014, the UFO Casebook received information from an eyewitness of the events described above. Here is his account:
My name is Garel W. White, Retired USAF and now living in the Seattle Area. I don’t know if you will get this response, but over the years it has become more clear than confusing about the nature of the Wurtsmith UFO incident in October 1975.

Reading about the incident in the early years suggested I was not telling the truth until I now read that 2 UFOs were in the area and split up while being chased by a KC 135 Tanker. One shot toward Saginaw and the other found its way over to our Capehart Gate Housing Area and Motor pool and Munitions Storage.

This is where I became clear on the incident because even in your current story you key on the Capehart Housing Gate Flyover. Here is my story.

Garel W. White, Sgt, stationed at the Main Gate, Wurtsmith AFB approx. 1020 hrs.; almost ½ hour of initially being posted there for the Midnight Shift. I never really noticed the extra activity over the radio because I was busy controlling the small rush of vehicles entering the installation and was normal for that time.

I got a call on the Hot Phone from the Command Post and answered it. The Command Post asked me if I saw anything over the Lake (Lake Huron) just like that! I looked and saw a bright white light that looked similar to the Planet Venus low in the sky.

I reported that to the Command Post and they told me to keep an eye on it and they could give me no more information when I asked what was up? I thought nothing of that and continued to my duty with on-coming vehicle traffic entering the base.

Approx. 10 minutes later the Hot Phone rang again. This time I glanced up and noticed it was not the Planet Venus low in the sky. It was larger and appeared to be coming toward landfall of the Michigan shoreline. I watched it for about a few more minutes as the traffic coming on base died down and I could pay more attention to it.

I noticed another Security Police Vehicle approach with my Squadron Commander Major? I can’t remember his name but I can get it. The white light was approx. 5 miles away when the Major and I watched it approach. I noticed some red lights and a slight swooshing sound as it closed in and stopped almost centered over the Main Gate (Less than 100 feet to the right of the Main Gate) about 150 feet in the air.

It was a piercing white light; so bright you could not see behind it, around it, over it, etc. I felt it was low enough I could pick up a rock and hit it. At this time no traffic entered the base. I stepped off the platform of the Entry Control area, walked about 100 feet from the Main Gate directly under the blinding white light.

It stayed there for more than 5 minutes; whoosh, whoosh, whoosh in 3 second intervals was the only sound I heard. The Major walked over and we were both perplexed to what it was. We were both directly under it. This was for a little less than 5 minutes.

I walked back to the gate and it began to move slowly approx. 2 to 3 mph down the roadway direct line toward the flight line, about 2 miles away from the Christmas Tree Alert B-52s and Alert KC-135 Tankers, illuminating the roadway as it went until approx. 3 blocks away the light went out, then lots of radio traffic.

I don’t know where Michael Meyers was, but he did stop by and compared notes with me. The Major departed after the lights went out to the Command Post. I was told not to speak of the incident, and I didn’t until I was going to retire at Grissom AFB, INDIANA in 1990.

I told a batch of new 1st year troops of the encounter with a UFO when I was in my first 4 years of service.

They said I was pulling their leg until one of them went to his room and came back with a “TIME LIFE” Book on UFOs and listed under Malstrom AFB UFO was word for word of the UFO account except it only said Capehart Housing and not the Main Gate encounter.

I’ve sort of kept my mouth shut until 2003 when I noticed the KC-135 was chasing 2 UFOs in a story starting from Loring AFB and wound up at Malstrom AFB. (I saw the 2nd one!). Now I feel better about the whole incident.

REFERENCES:
Larry Fawcett and Barry Greenwood, Clear Intent, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., Prentice-Hall, 1984, pp. 27-31. 24th NORAD Region Senior Director's log excerpt reproduced on page 29, and National Military Command Center memorandum reproduced on pp. 30-31.

Raymond Fowler, Casebook of a UFO Investigator, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., Prentice-Hall, 1981, pp. 190-191. Fawcett and Greenwood, 1984, pp. 16-19, 46-47. Copies of Government documents in Fund for UFO Research files
