{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-15 22:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518823","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38164","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3812,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/823/mufon-5518823.json","updb_database_id":5518823}
Strange behaviour UFO beamed light to ground in Dublin (Ireland)

I never thought I could live this one time...

When travelling I was going to Temple Bar zone in the center of Dublin and stopped near the Liffey River for a while. It is not a really secured zone at that time of the night and I was only with my cellphone. I wish I could have my camera. It would be amazing.

I have to say I didn't drinked anything ( just for those who know Temple Bar aerea :) )...after this sighting Yes I've drinked a lot.

Anyway, when near the river I started noticing what i thought it was a Sea Flare Rocket fired from the sea direction ( East )...I never seen one before and keep watching. The supposed flare started to be very bright in orange colour...I supposed that was normal, although I only see them in the movies ( they use to be red ). In a few seconds the bright light expanded, became bigger and I saw it was heading for the city, to my location. I don't remember to cross the road, neither if there was vehicles but I did, always staring at it. I grab my telephone. I was now near a building at a cross, with a way of escape ( I was a little scared ) because the light was not a light already. I was seeing a really Disc UFO with the orange light at one edge and a fuzzy base like fog rotating in brown colour. This was a really phisical Disc, except from that base that was like a cloud moving.No sound, to slow hovered above my head ( I toke a photo but the cellphone only show the bright light )....changed direction and crossed the river ( it inclined always to change the direction ) Then Stopped inclined in the sky just no more then 10 meters away from me and spotted a blue beam to the main monument in the center of Dublin ( I don't remember the name - it's like a big antenna ). Then rotated the beam to the opposite site of the river above the buildings and started moving again like slow motion. Stopped again and then , well then it makes a full ascend until 40 / 50 meters altitude and dive in full speed out of sight to West / Northwest. The object seemed to have a exploring pattern and If I wasn't shure of what I saw I could be tempted to compare the blue beam light similar to the lights police helicopters use in Hollywood movies but no...it was really a Disc Object. Also the speed in the final moments and the absent of any sound cleared all my doubts as the proximity to the object. I wish only I had a better photo, really. Just one thing: Please remember...I'm sure more people must have seen something. I was in almost shock, I was alone in a foreign country, I was near bar's and I don't told anyone. Anyway I believe I was not the only one. I stated in the Mufon report it seems reality was modified because no one seemed to notice, semmed that the time stopped like I was seing a movie, I really don't imagine how I crossed the road ( no traffic ? ) This was amazing, seemed the whole experience resumed to me and that object. I will never forget. Thanks if you, ET's see this report someday. Please come back and show yourself again.And don't fear mankind...there are good peacefull people too
