{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-04-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492823","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66700","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3280,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/823/mufon-5492823.json","updb_database_id":5492823}
{rjl} I have had about 6 diferrent experiences with witness sometimes. i entered info on all. please call [Phone number removed/cms/tg] I wont have internet in a few days

My first experience was at branson mo on a church trip April 1983. I roomed with the pastor and around 1:30am the pastor came in room freaking out and said he saw a giant ufo land behind the hotel. I went with him to see it. It was less than a half mile from us it was on the other side of 2 valleys or I would have went to it. It appeared to be several hundred feet white with green yellow red and white lights. It was there for at least 2 hours and lots of people stood out and watched it. After several hours we went to room because the pastor thought they were going to kill us and had us write on mirror what we saw in case we were killed. We were all freaking out.

My second experience I was at honor heights park in Muskogee ok with a friend and girlfriend. I saw what I thought was a shooting star. Then it stopped and about 12 more did the same. They were all in different areas of the sky. About 5 of them turned yellow like the sun and started dropping ships out of it. They all went to different areas of the sky. My friend and I watched them for about an hour and to leave because my girlfriend was mad thinking we were playing a joke on her. She never looked up.

My third experience I was hauling fuel in a bobtail rig and looked out my window which was across from a power plant. The road was busy and 250 yards off road was a black diamond flying around a soybean field. I first thought it had to be attached to a helicopter and looked above it and there wasnt anything above it. It looked nearly identical to the dr Reed photo except it flew with the diamond point up. It had a black box attached underneath it. It was about 13 feet in height and about 4 feet wide in the middle. it flew around the field about 40 feet off the ground in broad daylight and no one else appeared to have seen it. I was running late on my route and left after a few minutes and it was still flying around. 

My fourth experience was in about 1992 at 3 am in Muskogee Ok. I was doing homework and went outside to take a break. There were 10 objects flying toward me in formation each about 125 feet wide and and 700 feet up in air. They were about 1 1/2 miles away with bright running lights no sounds. I ran in house and got a million and half watt spotlight and shined it at them and they turned there running lights off and then broke out of formation and flew in a single line about 1/4 mile in front of me about 300 feet off ground. They flew over the trees next to river and flew down to river and disappeared.
