{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-03 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498823","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60338","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2911,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/823/mufon-5498823.json","updb_database_id":5498823}
{cak} Orange County CA, Saucer shaped object hovering about 40 degrees above horizon. shape shfited to oval at times. A lot of air traffic in the air at the time, including helicopters.

First of all, I want to say that the reason I'm reporting this is because there were other aircraft in the air at the time, which must have seen this too. Planes were heading to John Wayne Airport and Tustin Police Helicopters were circling over the I5 at Redhill Av. in Tustin. CA. My sense is that the object was very large and faraway. Even in relationship to the Aircraft heading to John Wayne airport, it was small, yet bigger than a bird, and clearly outlined with a defined edge. The commercial aircraft had to have seen it too, but it would have been West of their flight path.

I was headed out the common driveway of the complex where I live when I saw this object silhouetted against high cirrus clouds about 6:30 P.M. It hovered and wobbled and remained stationary in one place for about thirty minutes. I drove and finally got out of the car to view it at the corner of Nisson and Redhill. With my naked eye it seemed to have a classic saucer shape with a rim and a dome, yet at other times it appeared oval and elongated. Again, I had the sense that it was very large and far away. It was at about 40 degrees above the horizon and it is hard to estimate the altitude compared to the aircraft which were very low and visable, in descent to land, as this area is under the flight path to the John Wayne Airport. Since the sun was setting behind it in the West, the object was clearly silhouetted as a shape, but not dimensional.

I watched it for almost a half hour, but no one else was watching. Traffic heading North on the I5 at this time would have had a perfect view. I am not UFO crazy, yet I always keep my eye on the sky having seen something spectacular many years ago. At first I thought "drone" but this was far away and solid and stationary. I had a feeling of wonder and awe. I had to leave it because I had an appointment in Irvine, but driving North on Culver about 6:40 p.m., I looked West at the interesection of Walnut Avenue and it was still there. I am so sorry I didn't have my camera. [there is a video produced today 10/3/14 on Utube with the tag Orange County, but the footage is not what I saw]
