{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-20 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483823","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76030","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2739,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/823/mufon-5483823.json","updb_database_id":5483823}
Scary encounter, Mental scar, Physical injuries, Loss of sleep, Anxiety.

This incident occured on Wednesday 20th April 2016 at apporximately 8:30PM in Zygi, Cyprus. My two friends and I had just finished our meal and were out in the garden talking and drinking (not alcohol). One of my friends had gone into the kitchen to refill their glass, whilst me and my other friend remained outside. After a moment of silence, my friend pointed out an unusually bright 'star' moving across the sky, assuming it may have been a comet or something. After a brief moment, I looked up at it again to realize that it was stationary; around 75-100ft above the treeline. I sat there, staring at this 'thing', just in complete shock. Every 15 seconds or so it would lower its altitude, until it was only a couple of feet from the tree tops. The weirdest part about this is that absolutely no noise had been emitted thus far. I tried to get out of my chair to hurry inside, but I felt an overwhelming feeling of paralysis, as did my friend. I turned to her and asked her what was going on, but she looked frozen in fear. After what felt like hours, something appeared from around the trees underneath the triangular craft. It was a humanoid figure, with a head similar to that of an ant, and skin like a crocodile. It had extremely small eyes in proportion to its head, and long, thin appendages. It walked right up to the fence, before sharply turning and sprinting into the darkness of the trees. After a brief moment of complete fear, dread and anxiousness, the craft moved in a linear path towards the West, before becoming no longer visible. During this time, my friend who had gone to refill her glass watched the entire event through the window. She recalls, although neither me or my other friend do, that the creature had some sort of device in its 'hand', and that it held it up briefly before its disappearance. 

I do not know why it came to us, or to where we were, but I can tell you it is the first time I've ever witnessed this or heard of this happening in Cyprus.
