{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1955-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528823","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26730","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2580,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/823/mufon-5528823.json","updb_database_id":5528823}
bullet shaped ufo similar to sighting # 25425.

I am relating now what I saw and have wondered about all of my life: This was in 1955. I was almost 5 years old outside playing in the yard on a sunny clear day. My mother and my aunt were both sitting outside at a folding card table having coffee and (deep) conversation. Seemingly out of nowhere, a gray torpedo or bullet shaped object came moving thru my yard in an easterly direction. It was about 3 feet long and 1' in diameter. Something intelligent was obviously directing its movement. It was about 2 feet off the ground, traveling about 3 or 4 mph at most. I saw it and gave chase. I had no idea what this was; I just wanted to catch it. When I would catch up to it and reach out to touch it, it would move just out of my reach.It felt like there was a force field around it. I would almost reach it, like inches away and I would fall down, get back up, chase it again unable to touch it; all the time I seemed to get this message in my head that "You are too young or too small, you can't touch us". Of course, when I ran over to try to get my mom and my aunt to look at the object, I was told to not interrupt. So, I was the only real witness to this event as I watched it this ship leave my yard and continue on its way east,crossing the street heading east from the end of my yard, where I stopped. I watched it travel out of site into parking lot where some large trucks were parked.
It was the only ufo I ever saw until a couple months ago. I have seen 4 in the last two months, and 3 in one night. These were very high in the sky. Each of these was different. One was like a falling star; it was a constant light just dropping out of the sky straight down. One was a tiny star like point moving, stopping, jumping and disappearing. Another was like a star getting very, very bright then disappearing as quickly as it appeared. Also, what I saw 55 years ago looks alot like the object reported in sighting 25425; Believe it.
