{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-05 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513823","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44433","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2918,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/823/mufon-5513823.json","updb_database_id":5513823}
(GS) Very Large long slender mostly stationary or slowly descending black ufo.

I was returning home from picking up my daughter from her Mothers, traveling west on 38th st. I often gaze into the sky, day or night, Its just something I always do, so Im not sure what attracted me to the object, it or myself looking into the skyline. But a very large black mass, was ruling the sky, there was traffic, and I even seen a few pedestrians, that seemed to not notice or not paying it no attention, I remember thinking I wonder if I should stop and ask someone else their thoughts but I didn't, My Daughter 16 yrs, her brother and sister, not related to me, both under ages of 12, and my 2 sons, 5 and 4, all could see this object. So I knew it was something not just me going crazy. I remember feeling panicked, because the object seemed to be traveling toward earth, but very slowly, it was angled in a way, that made it seem like it literally could crash, the entire drive that I had this in my view was less than 2 miles, I positioned my sun visor, so I didn't have to look at object. I felt uneasy and scared, I got home as quick as I could safely, and asked my girlfriend and my daughter to go back to see the object, I couldnt see it from my home, and that was fine by me. AS I waited the few minutes they were gone, A helicopter flew overhead , we live near a hospital that sometimes airlifts patients, so Im not sure if that was related to my siting or not. My Girlfriend and Daughter returned home, and they could not locate the object My daughter and I and 4 younger kids had just saw, a few mins prior. I have no clue what the object was, but it looked like something out of a sci film, where it was located in the sky it appeared to be several times larger than a airplane, it was completly blacked out, I did not observe any lights, wings , I cannot say for sure the shape of the object, only that it was angled \ like this symbol, and seemed to be traveling or falling towards earth, a possible trail or heat signature at the top left of object, but it was not very noticable, and it wasnt always apparent. it was much longer than wider, and could possibly be considered a cigar or cylinder shape, but I could not make out any shapes, I cannot say for sure, if it was rounded , squared, only it was very large, and black.
