{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-09-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508542","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49929","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3071,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/542/mufon-5508542.json","updb_database_id":5508542}
{kt}Glowing orb outside my bedroom window

It was September 1991 and I (19 years old at the time) was living at 101 Tannery Lane in Fulton, NY with my little brother and parents. 

One evening I was sitting right beside my bedroom window playing video games with my little brother (7 years old at the time). The window was about 1 foot away from my head. It was dark outside...so it must have been after 8 p.m. 

Suddenly, I noticed a green ("slime green") light/orb...a ball of light outside the window about the size of a volley ball come into view in the corner of my eye, from the right side of the window...about 1 foot away from my face! Startled, I pushed my brother back away from the window. My first thought was that someone was shining a flashlight into my bedroom window. 

The light did not hurt my eyes and I thought it was absolutely beautiful to look at. I was not afraid....I was in awe. The orb moved slowly towards the middle of the window in one straight line, then slightly circled in small circles as if it was trying to focus or "looking in on" my brother and I...then it stopped completely for about 2 seconds. It was definitely some kind of intelligence behind it and we felt like we were being watched. Then all the lights when out inside the house. The electricity was gone. I called my mother who was watching TV in the living room. After about 2-4 seconds, the orb flew up and out towards the left of the house. I looked out the window immediatelly and it was gone. It did not light up the night sky nor did I see any trace of it anywhere. It had just disappeared. 

...the electricity went right back on after this.

My dad and I immediately went outside to see if there was anything there and we found nothing. No trace of anything. 

A few days later, -during the day-, my little brother saw another orb/ball of light at the SAME window. I was not present to witness this event. 
(My brother will report his story to you in his own words in the next few days with some video he has made of this incident.)

We have carried our experiences with us all these years because we did not know where to turn. We tried telling our story to family members and close friends, but we were pretty much laughed at. We dismissed everything, thinking it was ball lightning, but today we know it was definitely NOT ball lightning. My brother and I are now living in Germany and since 1991 have not had any more encounters or experiences of such kind.
