{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-17 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502542","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56458","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2514,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/542/mufon-5502542.json","updb_database_id":5502542}
Oval shaped objects - very bright Amber in color

I had just left the Ranch about 5 miles from my home town of Belleville, Ontario, Canada. Just prior to the intersection of Hwy 37 from Blessington Road I noticed lights in the sky. At first I thought they were aircraft from CFB Trenton airbase just 11 miles from were I was. I pulled the Van off to the side of the road and got out. I could see they were not shaped like aircraft and had no lights around them, they were glowing objects. To the SW I could see 5 bright amber colored oval shaped objects coming toward me. They were moving VERY slow. Too slow to be an aircraft. It took about 5 minutes for them to get overhead. All I could think about was that I had to get witnesses. I got into my Van and raced back to the Ranch about a mile down the road. At about 120 km/hour. On arrival I got out and looked up and there was nothing. It was like 2 or 3 minutes to get back there, they still should have been in site but nothing. I ran into the house and told the 4 people there, what I had seen. I went back to the car and drove home, feeling quite foolish at my ranting to those people over the incedent. I was watching the road and the sky on my way back. I must say these were not orbs, they were solid object with a deliberate straight line course from SW to NW. They kept the exact formation throughout the observation. I am submitting 2 photos of the location that I have put similar objects in to describe what it looked like. THIS IS NOT AN ACTUAL PHOTO OF THE EVENT. I did not have camera at that time. It shows what the scene looked like. Photo 1 , shows road and van, bright enough to see. Photo 2 shows same but much darker as it was during event.
