{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-01 21:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470542","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89954","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4264,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/542/mufon-5470542.json","updb_database_id":5470542}
{td}Shapeshifted, cloaking device suspected, variety of sizes during encounter, multiple colors of light

2/01/2018 @ 9:37pm
I was at home and decided to go to the gas station just up the street from my house to get some 20 oz sodas. I put on my coat due to it being only 181F outside grab my wallet and my keys and head out to my truck. As I start my truck I look up in the sky to my South/Southeast (this is the way my truck is facing parked on the street) and I notice this extremely bright light that resembles a candle flame. It looks like a flame dancing on a wick. Seeing as how this is not something that is very strange in the sky I say out loud, What is that?!?" As soon as I said this it immediately stopped flickering and appeared to take on the shape/features of an airplane. Naturally after seeing this my eyes were glued to this thing in the sky. Slowly it started to look as if it really was a plane because it appeared to start slowing moving, so I started to drive to the gas station. I had to turn around so now I was heading due north and stopped at the stop sign at the end of my street. I was at a complete stop and looked both ways and saw that no one was coming so I tried to spot this thing again just to reassure myself that it was an airplane. Much to my surprise, I find it just as it looked as I came outside to my truck when I first saw it. It had gone back to resembling a candle flame. So without hesitation I turned left(westbound) and hurried to the gas station and kept checking it in the sky. I has to turn left again at the light and so i was going southbound and now i had a great open sky view of this thing and what it was doing was changing brightness and hue from the candlelike orangish whiteish to stark white and as it did this is appeared to be vibrating and started to look almost fuzzy. The base colors of light were the candlelike colors to the bright whiteish but within that light tiny dots of all the colors you could possibly imagine randomly blipped on it and in no apparent order. I get to the gas station and get my sodas and rush back home to see if it is still there. I park on the street facing South and shut off my truck and look in the sky to the South/Southeast again. And it is still there doing the "freaking out vibrating changing colors thing" so I get my phone out to try and see if I can hopefully catch something on a video or at least a picture and as soon as I get my phone out, before I even unlock it, this thing stops all movement completely. Then slowly this thing started to dim and then it slowly started to go higher and as it did it looked like a circular object like a meteor falling to earth like the tail of one of those but in the opposite direction as it was going upwards and the top of it looked to be rounded off. And a few seconds later it was completely gone. 
The actions of this thing when it stoped and changed, felt to me like, it had a conscious knowledge that I was watching it and it changed or camouflaged itself to avoid being found out. I didn't feel threated or in any danger but I was definitely concerned as I don't really know what it wanted or what it was doing over a lake. It's like it was letting me know that it knew I was watching it and that it too was watching me. It also felt familiar to experiences seeing this same light growing up. In the same position in the sky (south/southeast) and appearing to be over a lake. I wonder how long it has been watching me. I wonder if it's the same beings that have come before. I wonder what they want. Overall I feel positive about it, but wouldn't mind some answers. 

Also I need to note that it was completely silent.
