{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-08-20 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490542","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69041","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5055,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/542/mufon-5490542.json","updb_database_id":5490542}
{nd} Hovering infront of a house, shot straight up and then headed NE direction.

It happened in the summer, of 1983/84, in the town of Madison NJ, the town in which I lived at the time. I was 17-18 years old. I and a friend were waiting in my car for another friend to come out of his house so we could start the evening. Just driving around town and stuff (we were teenagers). We were parked on the side of the road facing east in front of a small field on Keep st next to the towns YMCA. The street is shaped like an ell making a90 deg turn 500 to 1000 ft ahead of us. From where we were parked you could see thru the backyards through the ell shape to the road farther up at a 45 deg angle. As we were talking, I was parked on the wrong side of the road, so I could see through the yards, and I saw what appeared to be a cars headlights pulling into a driveway of a house and the lights were reflecting off the windows. But something seemed strange about it, and as we talked I noticed my friend glancing in the same direction taking double takes or looks, and I could tell he thought something was off too. Finally I said, do you see that? And he said yea, what is that? Then I said, isn1t that that the second floor? By that time I had realized the reflection of the lights, which were unusually bright were reflecting directly off the houses 2nd floor windows. By that time my interest had peaked and I started the car and raced up the street turned right at the ell and preceded to the house were we saw the lights. At that point the object or craft was hovering above the house. I pulled up in front and I saw a large craft, about the size of a large house, just hovering. It was completely silent. It had four or more lights evenly spaced around the bottom. I was really excited and really scared at the same time. I wasn1t sure what to do. I wanted to get out of the car but was too scared. I was very close, about 100 ft give or take a few feet, away. Even though I had a clear line of sight the craft was very difficult to see. I could see the lights on the bottom and could only make out the shape by the amount of sky it blacked out. I feel like I saw more, being I was so close but its really fuzzy in my mind for some reason. This has always bothered me because it seemed to get fuzzy right after the event. I know this is something I would never forget. I had better than average eyesight at the time. Anyway the craft started move up the street just above the houses and treetops. I chased it in my car and then it stopped. At that point it was farther away from me so I got out of my car to get a better view. As soon as I got out, I was just in time to see it shoot straight up at an incredible rate of speed. I followed it with my eyes till it appeared to look like a small star in the sky and then it shot off to the north in a right angle and disappeared making no sound at all during the whole time I witnessed the event. I thought it was very strange it made no sound at all, no engine sound or movement of air. I was so excited I couldn1t wait to tell people about what we saw. My friend was too, but he didn1t see as much as I did because he stayed in the car. Some people were very receptive about our story, most weren1t. I soon learned not to talk about it because of looks I would get from people. I could see it in their eyes. I only discuss the incident now with close friends and my kids, or people I deem open minded to such a thing. I have an intense interest in cars, aircraft, motorcycles, boats, ships, computers or anything mechanical. I have taken flying lessons and have flown several different types of airplanes. I have a very good working knowledge of aircraft and there flight characteristics. This was not any type of aircraft I have ever seen in my life and I am 50 years old. I have studied all aircraft types, just because I am very interested in them. Have been to countless air shows. This thing was not from here! It did not behave like any known air craft I have ever seen. The way it accelerated and turned would have killed anyone on board. This was a life changing event for me. Thirty two years later I still think about it almost every day. Occasionally I will run into my friend who was in the car that knight and will ask him about what his thoughts were about that night and he acts very weird. Doesn1t say much. That1s out of character for him. Just another puzzling detail about this whole experience.
