{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-11-07 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454542","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107072","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9637,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/542/mufon-5454542.json","updb_database_id":5454542}
Started with a endless shooting Star followed the a orange/Red Triangular object the was disappearing and reappearing.

UFO Sighting 1994 in Leicestershire UK

Location of Sighting: Leicester Forest East: Date of Sighting: 1994 Time: 9.00pm 

Witness Statement: UFO Experience

This is my story as it happened I think it was 1994

LOCATION:
Our house was known as 267 Hinckley Road, Leicester Forest East, Leicester UK. LE3 3PJ. The cottage is on a slight ridge on the main A47 Hinckley Road opposite Beggars Lane. We had a long back garden that faced northish, which gave us a clear view for miles over a sports ground and farm fields beyond that.

MY FAMILY
My self aged 36. My wife aged 35. Our daughter aged 2 and our dog aged. 3

THE SIGHTING
During the winter months between 1993-95 I was watching TV with my wife, we were watching the TV series Cracker, starring Robbie Coltrane, and the time was about 9.00pm on a Monday. During the advert or the end of the program I went out side in our back garden to let our Yorkie/Jack Russell dog out.

The night sky was bright with some light cloud. I was Looking northwards when from over the top of my head a very large shooting star appeared from the south. It was a bright star size with no noise it had no trail and remained the same size until it disappeared past the north horizon lasting about 5 seconds.

My dog ran down the garden barking and trying to chase the star. Immediately this disappeared I looked up to see my UFO. Before my eyes I saw a strange red/orange colour triangle shape object gradually appear before my eyes. It had no sharp distinctive edges and to describe its size, this object was at arms length about 40-50mm between my fore finger and thumb in size. 
It seemed to be at cloud level height.

As I was trying to come to terms with what I was seeing, the object gradually disappeared before my eyes, and in the next instant it reappeared in a slightly different position. The disappearing was like the transporter system in the Star Treck Enterprise. After a further second it started to disappear again, and in 2 seconds it appeared slightly further north. I couldn’t believe what my eyes were seeing, it was as if the triangular shaped object was trying to enter our time and space from another dimension. There was no sound from the object. The object continued to do this for about 15 minutes, and all the time heading northwards towards Coalville. 

I ran in the house and shouted to my wife to come out quickly, and look at this amazing thing that was happening, she came out and we watched the object as it was now some distance from us still heading north and disappearing and then reappearing just moving slightly further north each time. I then ran up stairs and got my video camera out and went into my daughters bedroom that faced north. I videoed the object for a few minutes before it was out of sight. My wife was still out side so I went out side and we discussed what we had seen.

MILITARY JETS
As we looked north we were shocked and ducked as two speeding military aircraft screamed over our house. Both heading north on the same line as the UFO was heading where we had last seen it. The jets had come from the south, they were two different types of jets, possibly a Tornado and a Harrier. In the five or so years we had lived there we had never seen any military planes come any where near our house. We believe the planes had been sent to investigate what we had been watching.
The next morning I went into my daughter’s room to wake her, and opened the curtains there was a heavy mist outside and the lights on the sports field were just visible. As I looked left about a 400 yards away I saw a sizzling light this lasted for about several seconds, and was un explainable but strange. There was certainly some strange stuff going on.

OUR CLEANER
The next day my wife and I went to work as usual and my daughter went to nursery, when we returned home our cleaner had been and left us a note saying: “She and our dog had been in the garden watching the military helicopters hovering over the fields in the back.”
My wife and I were now convinced that this was to do with what we had seen the day before. 

MILITARY VEHICLES WITH SEARCH LIGHT
The following day on the Wednesday I arrived home to fined bright lights occasionally shining in through our windows from the back of our garden. The light was coming in from the fields at the back of the sports ground and there were at least four vehicles with large search lights and military men roaming over the fields.

THE POLICE & MEN IN BLACK
When my wife arrived home we were both now becoming spooked about what was going on. We were upstairs looking out of my daughter’s bedroom and thought we could see something glowing on our side of a hedge at the end of the sports field.
My wife then went down stairs concerned about what was going on and decided to phone our local police station at Enderby (which happens to be the HQ for Leicestershire). To ask about the search lights, and try to find out what was going on. Also to report the glowing in front of the hedge. It was about 7pm my wife went down stairs and made the call. The call was strange, it was answered instantly, my wife gave no name, no address, and the person on the phone announced: “We’ll send someone round” and put the phone down.
With in the next 1- 2 minutes two men in black (yes complete black) knocked on our front door. I answered and the two men walked straight in and said “show us what you have seen”. My daughter was in bed and my wife and I took the two men up stairs and they looked out of the window down the field at the glowing near the hedge. They said something to one another and then they turned to me, hesitated for a moment, looked me straight in the eyes, and asked me “did you see a UFO or something”. I was shocked, turned and looked at my wife, and said well I did see something. My wife interrupted and said what are all the search lights looking for. They replied “A joy rider”. She then asked them what about the helicopters our cleaner had seen hovering over the fields. They both said “there has been no helicopters” They then said “we are going to investigate the glow in the field”. We let them out of the front door, and they got in their plain unknown make black car. We watched them down at the bottom of the field and we went to bed with the searchlights continuing.

MILITARY HELICOPTERS
I collected my daughter from the nursery which was at Bosworth College School Desford. This is located about two miles north west of our house, on two separate occasions whilst on the way to collect My daughter. I was driving on the Leicester lane heading towards the nursery at Desford. I saw two more helicopters hovering over the fields that were several fields behind our house. The helicopter’s were military, on one occasion there was a twin prop Chinook, and the other occasion the helicopter was a single prop, both were just hovering there for the 6 minutes they were in view during my drive to collected my daughter. 
We checked all the local papers for any news about what we saw, and asked local people, no one saw anything other than the searchlights in the fields.

TO SUMMARISE:
1.	I believe what I saw in that first instant was a craft of some sort trying to enter into our time and space. 
2.	Was it from another world or from us from the future? Or was it an experiment from our own military that didn’t go to plan?
3.	I know for sure that we were not the only ones to see this object.
4.	Two Military air craft speeding over our house on exactly the flight path of the UFO.
5.	Our cleaner writing us a note reporting on the helicopters activity hovering over the fields.
6.	Military personal & vehicles with search lights scanning the fields at the back of our house all night.
7.	Telephone call to police by my wife, she gave no details of who we were, no address, but they new it was us and were waiting for some one in the area to call.
8.	Men in Black came to our house in less than two minutes in a blacked out car I couldn’t identify.
9.	Men in black were strange and not normal people. Almost felt their eyes scanned right through us. Asked me ”did I see a UFO”, and then denied that any helicopters that our cleaner had seen that day.
All of this was not normal, and If I had just seen the UFO I wouldn’t of posted this experience. Now in 2020 I recall our experience with friends on occasions. But my wife says she doesn’t really remember a lot of the story, and believes I’ve embellished the story. She does remember us being outside seeing something. She does remember the speeding jets. She does remember our cleaner leaving the note. She does remember the strange phone call to the police. She does remember the men in black asking me if I thought I saw a UFO or something. Thats what Happened. I looked for the video I took but was unable to find it.
