{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-12 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483542","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76334","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2560,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/542/mufon-5483542.json","updb_database_id":5483542}
{cak} Boomerang shaped object in the sky over Edmond, OK at night.

I was sitting on my back patio deck at about 10:45 - 10:50 when I witnessed someting against the black backdrop of the sky. 

I was sitting in a fold out chair and from my deck, my view from NE to SE is obscured by my neighbor's tree. I have a small (10-20 degree) view of the northern sky before the back of my home blocks my view to the northwest sky.

I just happened to be staring into the sky when something caught my eye to the north. The object was boomerang shaped, had no lights and was only noticeable because it was reflecting some city light. It was barely a few shades lighter than the night sky behind it, but no doubt it was there.

It appeared to be in a bank, as if in a turn from W to NW because I could make out a very distinctive boomerang shape. Like looking at a plane from the side when is in a turn, it's wings are banked so you see more shape profile than if it were in level flight.

There were no lights and there was no sound. I estimate the object to be within 2 miles to the north of my location near 150th and Penn in Edmond, OK. I cannot be positive about this as I could not make out the object's size relative to my surroundings. It was too dark and barely visible.

In all, I witnessed the object for about 15-20 secs before it was obscured by the city lights on the horizon as it seemed to settle into a NW heading. 

I have never witness anything like this and I cannot rationalize it. I though it could be a military craft, but there was no sound whatsoever. I have lived next to an air force base and military craft make plenty of sound, even in the distance. For a moment, I though some idiot was hang gliding in the middle of the night, but found it unlikely per Federal Aircraft Regulations, Part 103.

My point is that I will be trying to figure out what I saw for a while. I hope there is a simple explanation, because what I fear it was scares me.
