{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-25 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478701","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81426","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3188,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/701/mufon-5478701.json","updb_database_id":5478701}
{cak} Recorded short burst of video on iPhone 6s.

I was enjoying a Christmas Day bonfire on Dockweiler Beach, LA, CA. At approximately 7:00 pm I wandered down to the beach and thought I would take a couple of pictures of the surf using my iPhone 6S. Even though it was dark out I wanted to see what if anything the camera would record of the surf. The Live mode records a short burst of video (approximately 2-3 seconds of footage before and after the camera records the desired still image). 

I did not notice anything before and after but upon reviewing the images next morning I noticed that an unusual light had been captured. The light was apparently moving extremely quickly towards me. When I look at the still image that I recorded it shows the blurred path of the object as it covers a significant distance within the frame. The path of the blurred line is not straight.

In looking at the video prior to the object appearing, I can clearly see the lights of a freighter on the water (extreme left frame) and several blinking lights in the sky which I assumed were receding aircraft. The beach we were on is located at the foot of one of LAX's take-off runways. These blinking lights are visible throughout the video, both before and after the unusual event.

As a point of context I have worked as a professional video producer, director and photographer for approximately 25 years. As I look at the images I see something that suddenly appears mid frame and it feels to me that the object/light is travelling towards me and away to my left. The light appears very briefly, goes dark and then becomes visible again.

When I look at the surrounding area to see if this light is reflected on the water, I do see a flash. In a second image that I had taken, I can again see a flash but not visible trail of light.

I would like to send the original Live images to you, but they are only viewable using iPhone 6s... So, I will send the still image recorded by Live3 and two animated GIF files that were converted, using an app called Lively.
