{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-09-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523701","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32229","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3162,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/701/mufon-5523701.json","updb_database_id":5523701}
Large orbs bright as a star folled me as I walk to meet a friend about a mile away another ufo appeard they zig zagged then flew north at amazing speed

When I was 16 I was living rural area and decided to go to friends house about a mile or so away. I called my friend and He said He would meet me and we both started out walking towards one another. It was dark out when I started out . As I walk to the corner of my street I noticed a bright star that seemend low to me and was brighter than the other stars that were out that night but did not think much about it and continued walking. Where I lived there were no street lights as it was a country road with very few houses along the way.
  I walked about a mile before I met up with my friend . He said to me look up that light has been moving slowly from the direction you were walking as if it was following You or just following the course of the the road!We both starred at it for a few seconds at it then it flew over a field where it met another star like light which was stationary Then they both zig/zagged across the night sky then flew side by side to the north west dirction slow at first then vanished out of sight. There was no sound from the lights at any time that we could hear.
  The best way I can discribe the movement and speed of these lights , would be just as you would shine a laser pointer on a wall then zig / zagged the light as fast as you could from right to left, this is how fast they moved!My friend look at me and said I am certain our military has nothing that can move like this. You see my friends Dad was in the Airforce and my friend was a Airplane nerd, He had models of fighter jets hanging from His bedroom ceiling and all kinds of posters of differant jets and such all over His room. This was His love in life studying Air Craft.
  When those lights moved from side to side as they were playing with one another our mouths just drop , I mean my God man what can move like this? Where did they come from? We were amazed and very confused . We decided not to tell our other friends back at His house or any one else, this was His idea and said they all will think were crazy. I have kept this to my self all these years only to tell my Wife. I have many questions now, I have witnessed a life changing advent that I can not share with out being labeld. I know what I seen and now the only witness has passed away leaving me with this burden of knowing which most do not have a clue what is out there. I sware to You this is a true statement and will take it to my grave.
