{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502701","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56294","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2762,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/701/mufon-5502701.json","updb_database_id":5502701}
{cak} It was an alien in back of my car also behind a tree an a reptilian type of something came out of a static blue green orb

My first encounter was i came out of work late everyone was gone I'm the last one to leave i get in my car look at the rear view mirror and i saw in the back sit of. My car black shadow i first thought it was someone that broke in my car quickly i get out and say what are you doing in my car when i went around my car and focus closely i was paralyzed for a couple of second and it was some type of reptilian looking thing i step back and suddenly like static lightning it disappeared in front of my eyes everything happened inside my car everything was dark. Streets by there i was really scared waited a couple of min looked inside my Car and nothing was there I immediately got in my car and left to my house. Next week told my co workers and that was it. Some month pass by something similar happened but. This time i was driving. Of work get on the palmetto expressway ramp. 36 st  Heading south in the same. Area.  A static orb size of a basketball inside my car next to me in the passenger sit i c the same. Reptilian. Type. Thing. Coming out of the static ball and  It sounded like a tv with no signal ssshhhh. And out of nowhere my right front tire blows up and the thing just disappeared i panic no one around again get off change the tire scare out of my mind i change tire and drove home. All the way to my house the passenger sit was warmer then the car with the a/c on. Till this day i have nightmares of that day and i cant explain what it was ever since my friend took pictures and caught the face of the thing he was so afraid that. He thinks it was something demonic he stopped Going to the site i pray everyday before going to work to calm me down and take pictures at work constantly to c if i c anything and a lot of weird. Stuff do come out in the pictures i saved one picture of an alien behind a tree in the club and other stuff. I have witness of. People that had seen the pictures and they are impress the picture that I have is in a phone not on a file im going to try to make a file but i don't know if is possible
