{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-07-03 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514701","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43500","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4531,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/701/mufon-5514701.json","updb_database_id":5514701}
{nd} My Memory of Alien Standing Over Me In Tent

This is extremely difficult for me to share... but it feels therapeutic nonetheless. 
I was attending our family reunion at my uncles cabin in north central Minnesota in the first week of July, 1986. I clearly remember the fireworks my dad and uncle had been letting off; this must have been over the Fourth. There were about 25 of us present, including my aunts, uncles, and cousins. It was the first night at the cabin and all the children were set up in tents outside. That night me, my two older brothers, and my cousin shared a four person tent about 150 feet away from the cabin. 
I was nearly four years old at the time or possibly five, but my memory has not faded. Ive just recently become more fearful of it.
We were all sleeping, I guess it was around 3 am. I was sleeping on the far side of the tent. And for some reason I woke up in the middle of the night. I was lying flat on my back and I found myself looking directly into the eyes of something. It was standing on my left near my head and appeared to be studying me before I woke. The image of its face that I can still picture vividly in my head is similar to others drawings that Ive seen later in my adult life. Somewhat normal sized head, though large for its body. Couldnt have been more than four feet tall. grey/green wrinkly face. Very small nostril holes. The nose was almost flush with its face. The eyes... The frightening part about its eyes was the way that it was looking at me. Or maybe I misunderstood its reaction to my terror. It was wearing a collared uniform of sorts-- a trench coat that came down to the floor with seams on the front. He was important. It was dark fuchsia/purple in color and appeared to be a dull suede texture. The moonlight made his face and coat sort of glow. The suite had a tall collar. I got the feeling that this was a very important being of sorts. This all happened in a few seconds. I remember being terrified and immediately trying to scream but nothing happened. My brothers didn't wake. I just remember the very serious look that came over its face as if I did scream. His head tilted back like he was scorning me, or disappointed. 
Then there is a break in my memory.
The next portion of my memory picks up shortly after. I remember being very cold and wet and beginning to wake again. This time I am on the ground in the weeds about fifteen feet from the tent. It took all of five seconds after waking on the ground before I remembered the face that I just saw looking down at me from inside the tent, and I let out a terrifying scream. I remember I screamed so violently that I woke my aunt who was sleeping in the cabin over 150 ft away. I saw her silhouette over the sink after she quickly flipped on the lights to investigate. I ran to the tent and my brother was still scrambling to unzip the door. I remember the sound of the zipper when finally opening it, and he reached his arms out and pulled me in. He was asking me what was wrong. I was scared, I was confused. He had me lie back down. As I lied there I told him what I had seen in the tent with us. He told me to just go back to sleep. I never told him that I also just woke up outside. That wasnt supposed to be the important part!
The next morning there were about ten other people who were talking and asking around if they knew who it was that was screaming at 3:30 in the morning. No one would say. My aunt chimed in and said she heard it too, and how she had quickly looked out the window and couldnt see who it was. This also frightened me because I thought it was apparent to everyone!!! I went and found my mom and whispered to her that it was me, that "I screamed last night." 
She appeared worried and asked why.
"I saw an alien."
I remember the nervous pause before she whispered back "...don't say that to anyone, okay?"
"Okay, mom."

--Thanks for letting me share this.
