{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517701","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40023","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4679,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/701/mufon-5517701.json","updb_database_id":5517701}
{ck} I have not seen a craft, but have seen three different kinds of beings. I am scared to death and want help to rid my life of these visits.

On Monday, June 25th, I heard a noise from my renters room - a thud sound, I walked down the hallway toward his room and called out his name. A bright, yellow light was emmitting from under his door. I again called his name, nothing. So, I went back into my room, turned and looked down the hall. It was dark in his room again. I just thought to myself that I would ask him in the morning why he didn't answer me. I went back to bed. I woke up again about 3 am to a being at my window - dark black - I initially thought it was a burgler trying to break into my house. I screamed for him to go away - it changed shapes to look like a spider attached to the window. I screamed, "get out of here". It swooped away, making NO sound. I got up and looked out my window - there were four black shapes, all different, from short and stocky to tall and thin, standing on the other side of my fence. My yard and the neighbors was bathed in a light blue light, like back lighting. I could see these masses very easily. I then ran to the front of the house and saw two creatures croutching behind my neighbors car and two behind my renters van in the driveway. I then woke my renter to tell him what had happened. He feels that he has been abducted many times since he was a child. He did show me a bump on his leg that he has always felt was some sort of implant to track him. He left the next morning to go camping and call upon good fairies and energy to take this darkness away from me and my home. He is now missing. He left my home the morning of June 26th and has not been seen since. The Search and Rescue people here in Glenwood Springs did find his van at a local trailhead, but no one has found him yet.
The next night, June 26th, i was visited by a skeleton - I was looking out my window at night - I saw it manifest its self and walk up to my bedroom window. It moved fluid like and swung its arms like a man walking. I screamed for it to leave and it jsut stood at the window. I said again for it to be gone, it was not invited and had to leave. It continued to jsut stand there. I threw a bed pillow at it and it disappated right before my eyes. I have a friend that believes in all of this and I finally toild her ehat had been happening because I was afraid. She came to my home and stayed awake all night while I slept and she stated that the beings were not welcome and that Jesus was the light and would protect us. She stayed with me for four nights - we had a picture of Jesus in the bedroom window along with a cross. I have removed all of my renters belongings from the room and they are in the garage. We burned sage and stated that only love and light were welcome in my home each night. Nothing happened all those nights and I finally felt I could stay alone. I did stay alone the night of June 30th with no events happening. Last night, July 1st, 2012, a GREY visited my window. I woke around 3 am and saw this grey at my window. He had a bald head and the almond eyes that you see on beings. I told him to go away, he was not invited and could not be thre. I called on Warrior Angels to protect me and my home.  My entire bedroom window lit up with what I would discribe as an energy field - lines and bright lights - like a TV that is putting out a scrambled signal. I screamed for him to leave again - he remained. I then threw a bed pillow and he went away. My back yard and patio that were lit up, then became dark again. It was a dark night and there is no light source in the back of my home. I havre been told they can not breach your home without being invited in. I state my mantra every night to ask for protection, now this!  
I want help!!! I don't know what to do to get these beings to leave me alone. I am frightened to be alone at night, I am unable to sleep. How can I make these beings leave for good? Please help me. Please contact me as soon as possible. I am eager to be free from this nightmare.
