{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-21 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507701","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50984","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2790,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/701/mufon-5507701.json","updb_database_id":5507701}
{dr}Bright UFO object by Sandia Mountains, Albuquerque, NM

At approximately 1900 on 21 Sept 2013 I witnessed a very bright object in the sky and observed the object for 15 min, while on the University of New Mexico campus in Albuquerque, NM. I was at the student union (SUB) earlier and then I had an urge to go outside and look towards the east (Sandia Mountains). It was approximately 1900 and the sun was setting. The sky conditions were clear with no cloud cover in any direction northeast to southeast. There was a flock of common house finches in the tree with a flurry of chirping at this time. I had an urge to look towards the east and saw an extremely noticeable bright object in the sky. The object was approximately 13-15 degrees in the sky and was bright white. It was also in the form of a cylinder about so, I first though it was Comet ISON. Of course that was ruled out as it is scheduled to pass in Nov, and then I ruled out aircraft types, and balloons. The object remained in the same spot on the sky for the entire duration of 15 min. The object was as bright as a sewing pin head held at arm1s length for the duration. It seemed to be above the traffic departure pattern at the airport, estimated at 150001. Aircraft traffic taking off towards the east did not seem to be near it vertically or horizontally; however, I can bet radar would have picked the object up. The object also seemed to be friendly and there were times during the duration I saw other smaller white objects around it for less than a second. When I asked if they could change colour they did at the time period of 12-15 min. The object became more circular and changed from bright white to red orange to red then faded out to look like a very dim white star. I did not observe the object after 15 min. I normally do not make reports unless the object is a bit more significant in scale/size/colour/duration; although I see objects usually once a week or more. I also have an extensive military aircraft background and have seen objects of significance while on missions. Lastly, I want to give my sincere thanks to you for providing this service and thankful you are also featured on coast to coast often!
