{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-10 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504701","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54183","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3056,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/701/mufon-5504701.json","updb_database_id":5504701}
{rjl} 2 Giant cross UFOs--One at top and one at bottom of hill.

Two giant crosses with thousands of lights. About the size of a football field without the end zones. So close I could have touched them. Had a spike protruding from the bottom. The shape was as if you pushed four large tissue boxes into the shape of a cross. The width of each arm was about 50 ft. The thickness of each arm of the monstrosities was about 30 feet thick. All right angles. No sound. One at the top of the hill and one at the bottom. I had my head and shoulder out the window head craned back, looking at these things. The spikes that were at the bottoms of the crafts were dark. The black, metal, square plates that seemed to be its construction, seemed to be welded overlapping. The squares were all different sizes. None were on point. They were all flat tops and bottom. The lights almost looked like inlaid LEDs. There was a fat band of blue, then nothing, fat band of white, then red lights in the center. There were a thousand lights if there was one. I got the impression this damned thing could flicker or flash in any combination it saw fit to. It was a dazzling light show. I was directly underneath these things, stopped, staring up at them, each in turn. The metal spikes had a mist about them, they were hard to see. Even with all those lights in such close proximity I had to strain to see the black, metal spike. I have tried to submit a report tonight. The other report had more details, but after spending a half hour typing only to see your little dino and the words connection lost. Well, I am tired now. My 80 lb dog was freaked out bad barking, clawing, gnashing--at first. Then near the end she was fetal, on the floor board. All the other cars were all stalled or stopped at the top or bottom of the hill. The oddest thing was that I almost got out of the car, but came to my senses. Suddenly, I was scared. I think I was more awed at first, when the one at the bottom drifted over to my side of the road when I flashed my brights at it as I was coming down the hill. But I truly felt trapped when all the lights in the cabin were gone. No instrument lights, shifter or radio lights. Anyway. Sorry for the clipped version. But I had about 2000 more words of high detailed description before. I hope this helps. Oh, one last thing. I drive that pass once a week. I still don't see how those damned monstrosities didn't get tangled in those high tension power lines.
