{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-01 21:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490701","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68876","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3580,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/701/mufon-5490701.json","updb_database_id":5490701}
{nd} saw light in west thought it was satellite until it changed direction twice

I am a Ham Radio Operator.. occasionally I like to go outside and look for satellites or the ISS space station in order to practice my hobby.. 
Where I live I live in or near a flight path to Hobby airport and several other local smaller airports and am used to seeing aircraft coming in on approach and or taking off from Hobby airport which is maybe 7 miles or so to the north east point to point i think.. 
Also worked at an aviation maintenance school for 15 years (Northrop Rice Aviation, Westwood Aviation Institute, and Aviation Institute of Maintenance, and am used to working around planes and seeing them up close and far away, what they sound like etc etc.. 
Seeing the light,in the west moving east, I first thought it was a plane on a glide slope coming in for landing.. but it was moving very slow, maybe less than 100mph..
Hard to say for sure not being able to see any structure or able to make out altitude or distance.. I could just tell it was pretty high up.. and maybe at its closest within 5 miles as it passed by.. I heard no engine noise of any kind.. reciprocating or turboprop or jet.. 
The color of the light was whitish yellowish.. sort of like a slightly dimmed halogen bulb.. but it was pretty bright still while it was coming towards me from the east it was fairly dim.. I was trying to determine if it was a plane or satellite as I did not see any marker lights.. after about a minute it began to brighten quite a bit, by maybe a magnitude or two, to about the brightness of venus.. Had never seen a plane do this. Because there was still no marker lights I began to believe this was a satellite as this was pretty typical for a satellite.. for the most part.. about two minutes into its eastward track it made a gradual northeasterly turn and then another turn to the north when it was almost to the northwest of our house.. it continued for a minute or so and then began to make another east north east turn gradually.. never appeared to change altitude at all. by this time it was probably in the vicinity of hobby airport (over it) and began to dim considerably.. It continued on this trek until I could no longer see it.. 
While I can probably rule out a satellite, I am not so sure I can rule out a plane or helicopter.. was just strange to not see them using marker lights in that airspace, plus not hearing any engine or air sounds.. 

I am used to seeing lights and sometimes get excited if I see something I cannot explain but generally get a handle on myself and try to work through it.. (used to do a lot of ghost hunting, so I know not to always assume things are what I think they are). I try to use common sense and deductive reasoning.. This was strange enough and peaked my interest enough that I thought it might be worth reporting it. it was too dark for my camera on my phone to do any good.. if needed I could possibly try to sketch its path out on google earth
