{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-09-25 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289701","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113653","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2350,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/701/mufon-5289701.json","updb_database_id":5289701}
Hovering disc rotating on its axis at the south end of Hill Air Force Base's main runway

I was driving west on SR-193 in Utah just southwest of the main Hill Air Force Base runway's south end where you could see the red and white lights on both sides of the highway that help guide the aircraft to the runway. As I got closer to where the planes would normally cross the highway I noticed something disc shaped, hovering, rotating on a central axis (it had lights of alternating colors along the perimeter) floating just a few hundred yards off the ground and maybe 500 yards south of the road. I stopped my car when I got about a half a mile away. I had a friend with me. We got out.
We went out to the sidewalk and watched it as it sat there floating silently for a couple of minutes. And then I ran to my car quickly remembering I had binoculars. I came back and brought them to my eyes and POOF! Just like that it disappeared! I was like "Where did it go?". My friend points straight west at a little tiny dot..... I'm like.... NO WAY.... 
Moments later, it starts getting bigger and bigger. It was actually just getting closer. It was coming back! We stood there and watched. My friend asks for the binoculars, and the moment he takes a look through them at the craft, it darts off instantaneously. Never seen anything move like that except for cgi. Whatever had control of that craft had control of physics that no human does. Also, it seems like whenever either of us tried to look at it with binoculars it didn't particularly like that.
After we got back into the car, we started driving. We saw 4 armed F-16 fighter jets take off and went full afterburner in the exact direction that the craft took off. We had no recording devices with us at the time.
