{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-17 23:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482701","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77252","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2659,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/701/mufon-5482701.json","updb_database_id":5482701}
{rjl} Surreal ....

At about 11:45 in the evening on June 17 2016 I went out on my back deck to have a cigarette I was only out there for a few minutes when I saw a blue blur from the corner of my eye and thought it was a transformer box blowing up but there was no sound so I rubbed my eyes thinking ok I'm just seeing things then it began ( from what it looked like from where I was sitting)rising up from the trees first I saw the blue lights then the red and I thought a plane was going to crash but it made no sound and it didn't crash but it kept coming towards where I was... I couldn't actually see a craft only the lights but the lights were large maybe larger than a basket ball and there was no point of light such as an element but more like a glass ball filled with glowing gas I couldn't really tell with the red lights but this is the way the blue lights appeared to me...I was excited and scared and called for my kids to come look but by the time they got to me it had gone, my youngest son may have seen the last twinkle of light from it but we also have firefly's so I would have to discount that.. My son was scared and asked me to come inside so I did....I came in and got my keys and went looking for it ...but nothing was to be found...and that is pretty much it... I feel perplexed I want to know what this was.... I will note that although we live in a normal quiet neighborhood on a foothill of lookout mountain I have noticed military once maybe twice a year bring all there big trucks and in full gear on my street and I tried to find out if there was a military installation of some sort on my street but couldn't find anything... and one more thing it is probably nothing but it was only when I started calling for my kids that it backed back up and disappeared.. The feeling I got from this was that it seemed to react to me calling the kids... It was a machine but acted like an animal ...odd... thank you for your time.... I do have my Ipad on a constant charge now so if ANYTHING like this happens again I can make every effort to catch it
