{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-17 06:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523299","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32667","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2604,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/299/mufon-5523299.json","updb_database_id":5523299}
Stationary, flashing light hovering above the distant horizon to the northeast of where I stood.

I'm a 30 year old, married man. I was alone with my dog outside in Olathe, KS around 6:45AM on the morning of Monday, October 17, 2011. I walked around my apartment building to the north and turned the corner into a small, open field. That is when I saw a stationary, flashing light hovering above the distant horizon to the northeast. It pulsated -- changing from a small pin-point of light to a bright light and back again within about a 2 second time-frame. It did this on a regular interval the entire time I was out there. It did not look like a helicopter or airplane, as there were no other flashing lights that you might find on most man-made aircraft. And it appeared to be completely still and stationary. I've also never seen a helicopter or airplane pulsate with light in such a way. After about 10 seconds of watching this light, I ran back inside and grabbed my camera. I came back out and began video-taping the light. From my perspective, and my familiarity with the surrounding Kansas City area, I would guess that the light was somewhere above the Overland Park, KS area, north of I-435. I live just to the southeast of the I-35 & I-435 interchange. The light could have been as close as a mile or two away from me, or as far as several miles. It was difficult to estimate how far it was, as I didn't see a solid object associated with the flashing light. It was so still that it looked like a flashing light mounted atop a tall radio tower, but there is no such tower in that spot. After video-taping the light for a little over a minute, I turned the camera off and went back inside. I didn't feel like there was much point in sticking around, as the light's behavior never changed. I went inside for about 5-10 minutes. When I came back outside to see if the light was still there, it was gone.
