{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-12-03 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548299","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"11248","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2630,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/299/mufon-5548299.json","updb_database_id":5548299}
large object  hoovering above the manistique river, located in the beautiful upper penninsula of michigan.

as i left my job at 2:30 am and drove west on arbutus ave i looked ahead    toward the manistique river.i noticed a large round object above the river. Having worked here for 22 years(27 years now) i have made this drive thousands of times.when i noticed the object, i said to myself out loud "look at the moon,it looks like its sitting on top of the trees" as i got closer i realized that the moon should have been more directly above me and it definately wasnt the moon.the craft hoovered above the river and as i got closer it ducked behind the trees. i moved up the road and it peaked back above the trees and then went out of sight for the last time. i blew through two stop signs and drove behind the trees searching for the object but it was nowhere to be found.i drove the route 6 or 8 times to see if i had been mistaken and had seen something else,but there was nothing there. i was so mesmerized by what i saw i really couldnt believe what had just happened. it was a round disc that was about 100 to 150 feet in diameter,and seemed to be lit from a scourse of light shining on it more than a light from within the object.it had 2 circles paralell to each other about 1/5th of the distance from the edge of the craft to the center of the craft, with various shapes which reminded me of hiroglyphics (sp?). this occurence has left me quite shaken and i have told very few people. the manistique river has been a super fund pcb clean-up site and info on this is available on the epa website. this clean-up was supposed to take a year or so to complete, but the job lasted 4 or 5 years. even today when i think about this event, i shake as a nasty chill goes throughout my entire body. there was no noise coming from the object.i believe it was checking the outcome of the clean-up operation. i hope to be hypnotized so as to go back to get more info from my memory and maybe understand better what exactly it was that i saw.
