{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-07 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487299","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72370","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2395,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/299/mufon-5487299.json","updb_database_id":5487299}
{nd} It was a stationary white light shining at a cloud with a green light in it.

At about 5:45 pm on Saturday November 7th, 2015 I was outside with my daughter bbqing. She looked up into the sky and told me she saw something in the sky. I looked up to where she was pointing and observed what I can only describe as a solid white Spotlight shining into a cloud with a green light in it. I stood there staring at this bright light to see if it would move or if it were a helicopter but there were no other lights on it at all and the object did not move or flash. This light was shining into a cloud with a green light in the middle of the cloud. There were no other clouds in the sky. The light from the object with the bright light was bright a reflected off the cloud with the green light in it. The bright light then seemed to detach or move away backward from the cloud in a straight line and slowly. We watched the bright light move away for quite awhile while the cloud with the green light remained. I am sure you have gotten lots of call on this but what me and my daughter saw defined anything I've seen. It was not the triton missile after researching what a trident launch looks like on YouTube. My phone was charging and I was to be honest to amazed as what I was seeing to even think about going to grab it. I was just more amazed at whst me and my daughter were observing. That all I could think was to call my mother and wife to see what I was seeing. My wife got pictures of it after the light began to slowly move away from the cloud. What I saw was no triton missile launch or any missile launch I have seen or researched after I saw what I saw. I would really appreciate and hope someone calls or visits me and my daughter so we can better explain what we saw because it was not natural.
