{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492299","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67249","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2717,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/299/mufon-5492299.json","updb_database_id":5492299}
{rjl} i saw an object fly out of the lake and stop and hover for about 20 or 30 seconds and take off

I was visiting my setp daughter in Kenosha last summer. she does not allow smoking in the apartment so we had to go sit out on the porch to have a cigarette so I went out to do so. earlier that day we had gone to the lake which is a few miles away from her apartment and while having my cigarette I was looking in the direction of the lake recalling our day when I saw an object fly up as if it just came out of the lake and hover for about 20 or 30 seconds, it flew out and up to this point extremely fast!!! and I mean like in a split second fast! and the stop was abrupt. so abrupt that if it were an elevator everything inside would be smashed from the stop!! and then after hovering for a little while it took off like a shot of lightning (actually much faster than a bolt of lightning)and flew straight up and was gone! I couldn't see the lake or the point of where it came from but judging from the size and approxemently how far away it appeared to be it had to come out of lake Michigan and besides that the speed at which I saw it fly up to its hovering point was unwaivered,it was flying just as fast at the point of where I first saw it till it stopped!!so unless it could take off at that extreme speed it had to be in motion before ground level. this is not the only time that I have seen a UFO though! the other time was when I was a kid somewhere around 1980 give or take a year and I think I may have been abducted that time. and it was a series of events that happened all that summer and really freeks me out and makes the hair on my skin stand up to this day! I know what I saw in Kenosha last year and I would really like to talk with someone at MUFON about the events that happened when I was young. I have kept this in long enough and really need to speak with someone professional about it! and I don't mean a doctor I mean a UFO professional! I know this is just me saying I saw something but I would not lie about any of this and I truly believe in UFO's and in what I saw and heard in all the events!
