{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-03-24 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529299","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26231","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4504,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/299/mufon-5529299.json","updb_database_id":5529299}
Close sighting (within 100 yard) of unknown hovering object

To whom it may concern,

I had a close sighting of 1something1 but did not know where to report it to until now. A little personal background. I was in the airborne infantry and am familiar with many military aircraft. I worked six years in law enforcement and have had training in objective observation. I had previously seen strange lights in the sky from a long way off but the distance made any conclusive identification impossible. Interesting but not enough to persuade me they were not of this world.

On March 24th 2007 I saw something in the sky, close up with a lot of visual reference, which I can not explain. I was returning home around 3:30AM after a long night of poker in Ashland Oregon. I was heading north bound on HWY 99. As the road heads out of Ashland it slopes down for about a mile to the valley floor.  There is a stop light at the end of the slope. When I was about half way down the hill I noticed a single very bright green light (about 1 mile away). The light seemed to be over Jackson Hot springs a little past and to the left of the road and traffic light. Although it was further away, the light looked much brighter than the closer green traffic light. At first, I thought that a cell tower had been built that I had never noticed before but the green light did not look like any I had seen on towers.

As I reached the bottom of the hill I could see three more bright green lights in a straight horizontal line (about a 1 mile away). The lights were definitely stationary about 90 feet off the ground. A short distance later I saw a row of four more green above the first. The way the lights appeared to me, leads me to believe that I was looking at a long cylindrical object. First seeing it head on, as I got closer I had a side view.
 
The lights were directly over Jackson Hot springs, a natural geothermal spring, less than a hundred yards from the road. I slowed down to 20mph and put down my window. The craft was hovering less than hundred yards away from me at about 90feet above the ground. My window was open but I could not hear any noise coming from it. If it were a helicopters at that distance, the roader noise would be very loud and the down wash would have made all the trees in the area violently sway. 

The green lights were circular and about 2.5 feet in diameter. The light they produced was vivid green but did not illuminate any of the surrounding craft. Despite being so near, I could not see any outline of the structure containing the lights. It was very dark but I could see the trees in front of the lights and make out the darker hills jutting steeply up 200 yards away.  The green lights were spaced out about 15 feet apart with the second row about 10 feet directly over the first.

As I passed the 1rear end1 of the craft I could see a very bright pure white oblong light. The white light was about 8 feet long and 5 feet high. This light also did not illuminate any of the craft or the area around it. Although I could not see any of the craft, the way the white light presented lead me to believe that it was a flat 1end1 of a cylindrical craft. The 1end1 of the craft was about 15 feet behind the last green light.  The distance between the first green light to the white light was about 75 feet.

The lights became obscured behind a row of trees on the side of the road. I turned the car around so I could get a good view of the lights again. The lights were out of my view for about 10 seconds. When I could see the craft again it was headed over the hills about a mile and a half away. At that point, I could only see the end white light. It was moving at a high rate of speed and following the contours of the hill.

I had a very good look at some sort of craft and it definitely did not seem to me manmade. I can1t explain it. Is this a discription you have heard of before?
