{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-06-10 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501098","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57975","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4306,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/098/mufon-5501098.json","updb_database_id":5501098}
I have witnessed UFO's on numerous occasions. The recent one was grey/shiny metallic and I saw it whilst driving with my husband. He did not see it.

This is not really an UFO sighting report. 

From the age of 14, I have seen strange things in the sky. The first very surreal experience was when I was 14 in Goa with my brother. I saw a light make sudden movements in the sky, when I asked my brother to confirm if it's a plane, it made one more quick movement and disappeared. This scared the life out of my brother and I. Since that time, I remember waking up one morning in what felt like my room. I was paralysed and everything was white and bright. I felt as if something was holding me down and that scared me a lot. I tried to say 'Our Father' in my head and it felt extremely difficult to process any words in my head. Eventually, everything the room was clear and was no longer paralysed. Throughout being under paralysis, I had been trying to screen and think I even managed to scream a couple of times. I ran out of the room and asked my family why they had not come in to help and why they did not hear my screams. Turned out, no one heard anything and I probably just had a nightmare - a very very real one. My mother sprinkled some holy water on me and told me it was going to be fine...

In London, my bed was next to a window. I had had a couple of 'paralysis' moments then but none of them seemed to scare me. I saw glowing objects in the distance at night from my room and felt like I had to look at the sky on most nights. For a few years after I moved from there, it was all fine. No sighting, no paralysis. 

In 2010, after I got married, it started happening again. I started seeing more 'lights' in the sky and dreams of natural disasters. 

Last year I had a dream that has stuck in my head - well, parts of it anyway. I was in an operating room and these two beings were extracting what looked like fat out of my body and injecting it into theirs. I was very comfortable with it all and even went on to say to one of those beings that "it's okay. I think you need the fat." Soon after, I was shown this room full of people from different backgrounds wearing white clothing. I was told this was the new world and everyone here is happy. Within seconds, I was getting on the London Underground with my friends and woke up. 

Over the last few weeks, I have been having recurring dreams of looking up at the night sky. Sometimes alone and sometimes with friends or family. The theme is the same. I am looking up and there are crafts of different shapes and sizes. Recently, I also noticed a triangle formed on my left arm that feels like it means something. There is a birthmark on my right hand which also feels like it means somethings - it looks like a number '4'. I have also been waking up with scars that disappear over time. The most disturbing one was on my navel that looks like a burn/rash and disappeared soon after. Now I have what looks like snake bit marks on my right arm. 

I know how crazy all this sounds and maybe my mind is just making everything up to cover some deep sub concious issue I may have? I do not know. 

I almost forgot to mention, I have gained a deep interest in Astronomy and Astrology in the last few years, just 'know' certain things before they happen and can hear high pitch noises if I try to meditate. Currently, I think I can guess what people are thinking and I am right on most occasions. I am working on developing this further. 

I have attached a picture of the most recent marks I found. This could also just an insect bite - I am not sure.
