{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-06 12:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494098","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65390","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3239,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/098/mufon-5494098.json","updb_database_id":5494098}
{cak} I filmed two light anomalies while flying from Seattle into Las Vegas, they appered extremely bright and emitted some sort of pulse or aura,

On Wednesday the 6th of May,2015 while aboard an Alaska Airlines aircraft traveling from Seattle WA. to Las Vegas NV.,I witnessed and filmed with my cell phone (iPhone) two light anomalies. The lights were extremely bright and stationary. The altitude of the aircraft was approximately between 25,000 and 30,000 feet above the ground at the time of the sighting and was about 20 minutes outside of Mccarran airport in Las Vegas where we were preparing to land. I first noticed the lights as I was looking out of the window and a glint of the objects caught my eye, for a moment I thought it was another aircraft approaching us, which startled me terribly because they appeared so very close to us. But after looking closer it seemed to be two stationary lights that seemed to emit a burst of light from each horizontal end almost like a pulse of light. 

On film it almost looks like a wave of heat or shimmer coming off the right anomaly. It reminds me of the heat wave pattern you see coming off of your car engine on a hot summer day. Each light appeared to be a thin slanted line with a small horizontal line at the top outside edge of each light, the two shapes almost formed a V shape with the bottom portion of the V missing, almost like two modern day slanted car headlights. The video of them shows them more as round orb like objects, but they were definitely more thin and sharp in shape. They did not appear to be coming from the ground, because of their brightness, the altitude of the aircraft and size of the lights. I observed the lights for about 10-15 seconds before I grabbed my phone and managed to capture 20 or seconds of film. I lost sight of the object after the pilot began to turn right which made filming harder to do since we were already preparing to land and I had my seat belt on, but after filming I witnessed the lights for another 10 seconds or so before I could no longer see them. I am unaware if any other passengers witnessed or filmed these anomalies. Shortly after filming the lights, we hit a pocket of extremely bad turbulence unlike I have witnessed in a very long time which most likely is just a coincidence, but I am including here for details about the event.
