{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-12 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457098","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104478","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3022,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/098/mufon-5457098.json","updb_database_id":5457098}
{cak} In flight siting of unknown or explained lights

While flying on a routine commercial air flight from Florida to Dallas at 34000, heading west at approximately 7 pm somewhere between AEX VOR and PNUTS point on the arrival for DFW, I observed what initially looked like a large shooting star that was breaking up on recently.

As I pointed it out to the copilot, I noticed that it didn’t fade but was actually a series of approximately 30 lights in a precise straight line. The lights were roughly evenly spaced and steady in color White maybe with a hint of orange yellow. Kind of looked like line of streetlights seen at a distance but up in the sky. 

The line was approximately at my 1030 or SW of the aircraft. They were above my aircraft and appeared to be a significant altitude and took up approximately 1/3 of my front left windshield. They seemed to be slightly descending or maybe on an approximate heading of 150. 

The copilot attempted to take photos but they did not capture the lights. 

They were brighter than stars say approximately Jupiter brightness. They seemed to be far way miles or hundreds of miles but unsure if they were in or out of atmosphere. 

It did not appear to be a single aircraft because if it was the size would be miles in length given the distance it seemed to be from the aircraft. 

Movement was impossible to tell but they slowly slide to the left where I lost track of them as they went off the left wing. They did seem to fade a little and squeeze down in a line as we passed as if we were starting to look oblique to the lights. 

We contacted ATC and reported the lights and they said they had no traffic in the area. They said maybe it was a satellite. 

The lights were not reflective glare from cockpit lights as they moved across the windscreen they definitely were external to aircraft

Sun was below the horizon at our twelve oclock and moon should have been rising at our six o’clock but unsure if it had risen yet

Thought maybe it was a satellite that broke up in orbit or other orbital object that broke up but lights were steady and didn’t flicker at all like tumbling debris

Maybe moon reflected off a high contrail in some weird way but it was a series of lights and no sign of a contrail was seen as we passed the lights 

In all our experiences both in and out of the military neither of us have ever seen anything like this
