{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496098","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63312","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2985,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/098/mufon-5496098.json","updb_database_id":5496098}
{nd} Heard something in my house

I was going to go to bed last night and it was 9:00 I had to be up in nine and a half hours so I set my stove timer because my cell phone died. I set the timer for 9:22 and got in bed. As I was laying in the dark with my eyes closed I got the creepiest feeling that there was something in my house. It felt like an evil presence. I kept having bad thoughts that it might be an alien being again. It has happened so many times in the past. But I told myself to be calm and try not to think about it and I will soon fall asleep. Then I heard foot steps, walking around in my room and in the hall way. I tried to tell myself it was the dog but I have wood floors and the dogs nails make a clicking sound as well. I didn't hear her nails, just the creaking of the floor. I was so consumed with fear I didn't dare look. I also heard something messing with the door. Again I tried to just blow it off until I saw through my eye lids a st-robbing light. It was a quick strobe and I heard a static like pop. I sat up quick in bed and realized my computer,(Which was off and not fully charged) turned on by itself. I Grabbed my husband at which time he grabbed me and said he was scared and having a bad dream himself. I told him what happened and he said not to worry and go back to sleep. Then my dog jumped up and ran to the door barking like she does when the door bell rings. My husband then got up and I told him to check the yard. so he let our dog out and proceeded to check. Usually when we let our dog out she goes potty and then comes back in right away, especially when it is as cold as it was. This time when we let her out she ran out, sniffed the ground out side stuck her head up and ran chasing something into the woods and did not return for about ten minutes. I told my husband I wanted to turn the front porch light on, and the back porch light on because I wanted to know if something was out there so he did. we got back in bed and as soon as we did we saw a fluttering light and then the front porch light blew out. I was so scared I told my son to come in our room and sleep with us. I was scared and kept waking up the rest of the night for about a 6 hour span. Each time being terrified there was something in the room with me. When I woke up in the morning I was groggy and my nose felt really stuffy. I blew my nose and a bunch of blood came out.
