{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-12 23:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490098","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69496","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2997,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/098/mufon-5490098.json","updb_database_id":5490098}
{rjl} Reoccuring nightly visibility permitting have located two one north and one west-northwesterly at approximately same trajectory appear starlike but when magnified are indescibeable

I have been observing for years and stumbled upon the true appearance through shear luck. I decided after looking through my telescope without much detail to try to photograph and enlarge for a better view and the results are mindblowing! I can only describe what these objects are in theory. If I were to have to make a guess at what they are it would be a stargate or a cloaking device or possibly a tear in the time space fabric. I spoke with an astrophysicist retired from the USAF who when I described it to him promptly excused himself and said he could not help me. I have to enlarge the photos to approx 800% to see the true detail and my photo program will not allow me to print or capture at this rate. Therefore, I am unable to transmit or print. I am unwilling to blindly send a file of this nature and lose propriety. I have also found a stunning coincidence in the reference background field of stars. THIS NEEDS TO BE MADE PUBLIC! People need to see this! I am certain there are many more around us. I am willing to repeat the process with one of your field agents present and would request high end optical equipment for a better result as my resources are limited. My guess to the size of these entities are approximately 600-1000 miles across. Their distance is approximately five to ten times the distance of the moon. Their appearance is similar to highly charged plasma field with at least two pionts of origin. They are constanly moving but seem to stay in a general location. This is substantiated by the reference stars visible in the frames of the photos. The stars in the background will verify that all I'm saying is true and accurate. The initial photos are simply not interesting. The true magic deosn't happen until they are enlarged. THE WORLD NEEDS TO SEE THESE! I am nearly certain that the powers that be know about these and are not talking and covering up as they do with near ufo's. I have never seen this sort of object even in the wildest sci-fy movies or in images from Hubble. I could sure use help getting to the truth of these incredible magnificent objects. My wife and I have been studying these for almost seven years and this latest development has just electrified me!
