{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492098","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67457","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3668,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/098/mufon-5492098.json","updb_database_id":5492098}
{jpg} Star like objects moving across sky then changing directions.

It was a warm summer night in Harbour Grace NL Canada, roughly twenty five years ago. My friend was leaving the next day to head to Alberta for work. So rather than a party, another friend and I decided to just treat him to a beer and have a quiet evening, as he had an early morning flight. We only had a couple of beers each, I think its important to specify this so no conclusions can be made that we were impaired in any way. The three of us decided to sit on the dock at a local lake and just talk a bit, we were just saying good by to our friend.  
Years before i had seen a movie where some kids were stuck in the desert, and a local kid was helping them survive and cross the desert, (i have no idea of the name of this movie, but i believe it may have been a disney movie). Anyway in one of the scenes, it was night time and the local kid sees an object moving through the sky, he points it out to the other kids and says the gods are moving in the sky. The other kids try and explain to him that no, its not the gods, it a satellite. The movie showed the object and it looked like a star moving across the sky. 
Back to my story, that night on the dock by the lake, I happened to notice the same thing, an object moving across the sky which looked like a star. You could easily tell this thing was extremely high, not an aircraft such as a helicopter, as i said it looked like a star, plus there was no sound. I said to myself cool, it must be a satellite on a polar orbit, just like i had seen in that movie years ago. I knew it was a polar orbit as it was heading from south to north. I watched this thing move north for perhaps a minute. We were sitting facing west, it was perhaps 15 degrees west of us, not directly overhead. I picked it up when it was perhaps 30 degrees south west of us and I followed it until it was roughly about 15 degrees north west of us. It was at this point that it stopped, it did not slow down, it just stopped. This is when I spoke, at the same time, my friend who was leaving in the morning also spoke, exclaiming at the same time, holy $()/&, did you see that, he had been following it as well. For the next minute or so we were trying to point out this "star" to our other friend who had not seen it. Where it had stopped in the sky was directly next to another "star", while still trying to point out this thing to our other friend, it started moving again just as fast as before. Only this time it was not heading north, it was heading north east, it changed direction by about 40-45 degrees from its original course. As incredible as that was, the star that it had stopped by, well that one started moving as well. That one headed north west. It was at this point that, when they started moving again that our other friend picked them up. We followed them as long as we could but they blurred with the other stars and disappeared.  
That is my story, perhaps it can be explained, perhaps not, I just figured it was time to share it.
