{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-11-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502974","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56005","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7190,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/974/mufon-5502974.json","updb_database_id":5502974}
{nd} abductions

I have had several encounters with what I believe to be beings that are not human. Although there have been many encounters I have clears memories of only parts of three of the encounters. The following is a description of what I do remember of those three encounters.
Number one: (1970) I was 10 years old
I was living in Geata, Italy. My father was career navy. We lived there for five years.
One night I woke up to find several strange creatures standing around my bed and doing I do not know what to me. The beings themselves did not really scare me, I was not being harmed. What did scare me was that when they communicated the words were not heard by my ears but would just be understood as sound in my head. I was told that they were preparing me for future visits. I got up from the bed left the room and went across the hall to the door of my parent1s room. I told them what was going on. They told me I was having a bad dream and to go back to bed. I went back to my room. After a few more minutes I was 1told1 by the beings that they intended me no harm and that because they could tell I was afraid they would be leaving but that they would return.  

For twenty years after that night I had no further memories of their returning. I did though have many days when I would awake in the mornings and feel tired. I had a strange feeling that I had not slept much that night and that something had happened, I felt somehow violated but could not put my finger on why. As strange as it sounds I could not even force myself to dwell on the feelings. I could only recall things like trying to scream but nothing would come out, wanting to run but being paralyzed. I could not recall why I wanted to scream or run.
Number two: (1992) I was about 30 years old
By this time I had come to realize that I was being visited by something at times but could recall very little about the visits. That all changed one night after a visit in a hotel in Bandung, Indonesia. I became aware one night that I was on a vessel of some kind, being escorted down a hall way by two beings that I was familiar with. I could tell by the curvature of the hall that the vessel was round. There was a door every so often on my right side but they were closed. If they had been open they would have been exterior doors. 
I finally got to a point to where there was a door on the left, it was open. Across from that door was another exterior door. Sitting next to the exterior door was a slightly chunky brunette woman who was without clothes. I tried to ask her to help me but as usual nothing would come out. She gave me a look that showed she also wanted help but could offer none. 
I was escorted through the door on the left, into an examination room. In that room there was an examination table perpendicular to the door with two beings standing with their backs to us. They were standing at the foot end of the table. Across from them, on the other side of the table, facing them was a tall being. I knew him to be the one in charge. On the same side of the table as the tall one but with her back to me was another being who I knew to be female and I was very familiar with her. I got on the table.
The tall male then communicated by saying hello and telling me to not worry that I had nothing to fear. He then went on to say 1You remember Cela, she has be there every time we have visited you1. At that time a few things happened all at once. She turned around. One of the two beings now on my right at the foot of the table said 1she is there every time because having someone familiar there makes them easier to control1. She stepped towards me saying 1tonight we are going to do sex things, you like that.1 I then reached up with my left hand and grabbed her around her skinny neck. I squeezed as tight and as hard as I could, I had her good, she was in trouble.
Then simultaneously the tall one asked 1How has this happened, I thought we had control of him1. The two others responded 1I don1t know, we did have control of him; we thought we had control of him1. Then for some reason my hand just opened up and released her. The tall one then grabbed her to keep her from falling, she was hurt bad. The tall one then said 1return him; return them all1. It turned out there was seven of us.   
The next thing I recall was standing behind some bushes as one of us was returned to their place. I do not remember how they were returned but I do remember my own returning.
I was staying in a building separate from the main hotel. At the front door of my building was small entrance way. To the left was stairs heading up to my level. To the right was a Karaoke bar. The two beings escorting me stepped through the entrance way as a lady who worked at the Karaoke bar stepped into the entrance way. She just kind of went blank and stood there. As I stepped on to the stairs heading up to the level of my room she kind of like unfroze and looked at me. It was obvious that she was confused. I think to her I had just appeared there. I kept walking up the stairs, she stood there confused.
My two escorts and I made our way to my room. The next thing I knew I woke up in my bed with a great since of accomplishment! I could remember most of what happened the night before. I felt like 1wow I got her1!
After that night I had years where I felt they were no longer visiting me. Then I became aware that I was wrong. They were still coming but they had a new trick.
It became clear over the next several years that they were still visiting me but now they caused me to interlock my fingers, try as I might I could not pull my hands apart.
Number three: (2009) I was about 48
The last memory I have of them coming to visit was four or five years ago now. On this occasion I found myself outside my parent1s house in Alabama with several beings around me. Their craft was sitting next to the woods; I was sitting on the tailgate of my truck, with my fingers interlocked. My dog was there and unfazed by the beings. I was told that they would no longer be visiting me and they were there to remove something that allowed them to find me. I was told they were giving me some kind of information and was told that when the time came I would know how to use this information. I have no memory of what this information was.   
That is my story.
I would like help in remembering more, but I don1t know how to go about finding that help.
I am not looking for any help with paying for any help I could get in retrieving memories. I just want to be pointed in the direction to find that help.
