{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-24 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498974","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60181","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3419,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/974/mufon-5498974.json","updb_database_id":5498974}
{cak} Night sky, NE direction, size of star, color was white with flickering red and blue colors. Object hovered, moved left, right, up, and down.

PLEASE READ THIS even though I don't have a picture or video of the object. 

I'll explain why. 

  I live out in the country near Terrell, TX. I took the dogs outside to do their business. I was standing in the driveway and was looking at the night sky. I noticed one particular star in the northeastern sky which was white, but then a flash of red and then blue could be seen. I stared at this star for a while, and then I saw it move. So I kept watching it to see if it was an airplane, or something. It moved to the right, then quickly to the left. It did this a few times, then it ascended a little higher, and then dropped down to its original position. It just kept hovering. 
  I thought, "What is going on? What is that?" 
Personally, I do not believe that little green men are visiting planet Earth, but I do feel that the government is keeping secrets from us. 

Back to the story: 
  The object appeared to be too far away to get a picture or video. Aside from that, I have no video capabilities or camera. I live in the country, so it is dark, except for farm lights. The object's distance from me is unknown, so I cannot calculate the nearest city or county. I can only furnish my own city and county from my viewpoint.   
  After observing it for awhile I took the dogs inside and finished watching television with my wife. 
  Around 10:20 pm. that same evening I took the dogs out for their final time for the night. I noticed that the object was still there in the same place. I went into the house and said to my wife, "Come outside with me. I want to show you something." We went outside and I said, "Look at that star. Let me know if you see it move. I don't know if I'm seeing things or if its really moving?" We both stood there, and then it happened again. It started moving like I described above. She saw it move too. We didn't stay outside very long. She was tired and had to get up early in the morning to go to work. We went into the house and went to bed. 
  Personally, I feel that the government has built some sort of aircraft with new technology and someone was test flying it. I am curious, and don't know how much longer these test flights will be going on. If this presents some interest, quick response is probably needed because this has been occurring for several nights in a row now. The latest was last night. Each night it does the same thing. It was not just a one night occurrence. This is why I believe they are doing tests with the aircraft. I do have details for the nights of Sept. 25, 26, & 28. I really would like to know what this thing is. With your time, experience and equipment, I feel, this incident can be solved.
