{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-05-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496974","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62404","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6504,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/974/mufon-5496974.json","updb_database_id":5496974}
3 to 4 beings that were see thru with blue almond shaped eyes

Hello, my experience did not involve a UFO but still just as scary. When I was a little girl, I shared a room with my three sisters. I shared a bunkbed with my younger sister and my two older sisters shared the other bunkbed across the room, facing the opening of the bedroom door. My two brothers and oldest sister moved out so my older sister took the spare bedroom and I moved to the empty bed on the other side of the room. There were always paranormal events that took place but unfortunately for me, I was the only one seeing and hearing them. I was brutally punished for speaking about my experiences so from that point on, I had to deal with these scary events on my own. Once i moved to the other side of the room, almost immediately I started to wake up in the middle of the night for absolutely no reason. When I would wake up, I always saw the same three beings standing in the doorway of my bedroom door. They were shaped like the all too familiar "little grey men". They had the large head, thin build with a little belly, long arms and short legs. One thing I couldn't help but notice is that I could see right thru them!! Their bodies were visibly outlined but I could see thru them and they had these large bright blue almond shaped eyes. The three beings were different sizes. The smallest was directly in the front, the other was a little taller and the tallest of the three was almost as tall as the doorway opening. I was always questioning if I was actually seeing this, especially since it kept happening, night after night. I remember they would just stand in the doorway, looking around as if they were looking out to make sure no one was coming. They would sometimes, glance at me but continue to look around. Again, i wasnt sure if my eyes were playing tricks on me because it was very dark, but they were also moving around so I just couldnt get my mind to comprehend what I was seeing. I also remember it was very silent. Too silent, as if someone had eliminated the sound all together. I can recall on one occasion , rubbing my hands on the sheet under my pillow, trying to hear the sound it usually makes.....there was nothing. Absolutely no noise. I couldnt understand it. I dont remember being scared, just confused, intrigued, and vass amount of other emotions. This went on for sometime. I can not recall for how long nor can I recall how or when I went to sleep. I always woke up the next morning questioning my sanity. The very last encounter I remember is when, once again I was awakened and saw the same three beings in the doorway. This time was much different because this time for whatever reason, I decided to look in the direction of my feet. When I did that, I saw another being who looked exactly like the other three. It was on its knees, kneeling right next do me at my midsection. I was laying on my back and as I made eye contact with it, it leaned in within inches of my face and then it put its hand on my chest. For whatever reason, I was not scared but I did experience a rush of many other emotions. I remember being curious more than anything. I wanted to know if I was really loosing my mind or is this thing really real. From under the cover, I began moving my hand toward the creatures hand with the thiught in mind that if I touch its hand and feel it under my hand, then I know it is real. So, I did just that. My hand stayed under the cover, but i still placed my hand on its hand and when I felt it, thats when I realized it was real. I still wasnt afraid for some strange reason but at the same time, I could not believe what I was feeling. The entire time this is happening, this thing is still in my face and we are looking eachother in the eyes. The last thing I remember is touching its hand and then waking up the next morning. I sometimes wondered what happened in all thise encounters. What dont I remember. But I know, I really dont want to know the answer to that question. I never mentioned this to anyone, especially my family because of the severe punishments I had received before when I attempted to explain the paranormal entities I had been seeing. It wasnt until twenty years later (3 yrs ago) I was having a conversation with my older sister. We were reminiscing about that house. At first I shared with her my experiences with the paranormal. She then shared with me a story that sent chills dwon my spine. She told me that the bunk bed she slept in ( the one I slept in when she changed rooms) was a scary sleeping place for her. She explained that she had seen, on several occasions, a face leaning over from behind her, just staring at her. She said that because there was only about 3 inches if space from the wall to the bed, that no one would be able to fit in that space. She went on to tell me that this face was big, she could see right thru it, and it had large blue almond shaped eyes. It was then that i knew for a fact that I wasnt crazy. I had carried this with me for years and never told a soul because despite my experiences, I was still unsure of what had taken place...even though it happened often. I told my sister about my experiences and was so relieved that I wasnt alone. To this day, I wonder why? What did they want with us? What did they do? And what dont I remember. I just pray they never come back. Apart of me wonders if they did ever come back but I just dont remember any of it because they took those memories away from me. I have always had a problem with walking in my sleep. Ive had this issue all my life. I still do it to this day, but when I wake up outside my front door, or on the grass, or when I wake up with bruises, I can only wonder if I was just sleep walking or was it something more. i would love to get answers. I would live to know if anyone else has had an experience similar to mine. Thanks for reading my story.
