{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-07-20 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523974","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31937","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3331,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/974/mufon-5523974.json","updb_database_id":5523974}
Observed craft with illuminus light that stopped dogs from barking when flashed

2 other couples and my girlfriend and I went to a Lovers Lane type spot north of Indianapolis Indiana in the Fall Creek area called Geist Resevoir. A popular place back then named "The Point" near County Line Dock off Fall Creek Road. The time was about 9PM-10PM at night. It was a clear moonless night and we were not drinking or high but just there for a little romance. An aircraft type light appeared moving slowly west across the other side of the resevoir. There were dog kennels across the water near this approaching red light. The 20 plus dogs began barking violently as this red light came near to the kennal. The object stopped directly over the kennel and a bright white light flashed from the bottom of the craft like a flash bulb and instantly all the dogs stopped barking. That got us all up off the ground and the girls wanting to leave
because of what we observed this crafts light effect on the wildly barking dogs. This light seemed to totally stop all those excited dogs from barking completely and the dogs never started barking again. It started to move slowly again in the same direction and then a light of the same intensity came out of the front and stayed on as it moved west.
Its right side dipped to its right and it began to turn towards us and as it did, its top appeared to us as a yellow orange domed surface with
round pulsating multi colored lights around its edge on top. At this point all the girls about peed their pants and they all ran to the car that was less that a 100 yards away. As it completed its turn towards our location, that bright front light bathed me and this other guy that stayed to watch and also the whole cliff we were standing on, but then it went out and the craft stayed stationary as if it was watching us. It began to move slowly again westward with an increased angle upward. Suddenly it shot off like a bullet and the only way to discribe it was faster than a night time tracer round out of a military weapon and it was gone. We ran to the car and the girls were freaking out and said, "WHAT TOOK YOU GUYS SO LONG?!!" We had to have the girls back at 12 midnight and we got them home near 2AM. Years later I learned of "Lost Time" and thought about this incident alot and came to the conclusion that we lost about an hour and 1/2 but this whole event only lasted at the most 15 minutes. I have always wanted this sighting to be investigated and this is the first official report I have made because the times I have told it, everybody thought that I was making it up or just crazy.
