{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-04-15 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286974","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116406","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2240,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/974/mufon-5286974.json","updb_database_id":5286974}
Larger than stars or planets. Twinkling lights, spinning, rotating. Fixed for 20 minutes then dropped straight down below horizon instantly.

A friend and I were setting up camp in New Mexico's so-called "bootheel" near the Mexican border in Hildago County. We were in the low desert just east of Zeller Peak. The sun had gone behind the nearby mountains to our west but the sky was still blue above us and there was still plenty of light to see by.. As an avid birder who studied ornithology I always had my binoculars handy. With my naked eyes I was looking at the sky above to see if any stars could be seen yet. None could be seen. Then I noticed what I first thought was a star or planet low to the horizon. It seemed odd to me that it would be as bright and big as it was so low to the horizon. Through the binoculars it appeared to be spinning, twinkling, rotating lights of mostly silver-white, blue and reddish and a bit of yellow. It seemed to us to be miles away perhaps in Mexico. We passed the binoculars back and forth several times. This thing remained in a fixed position for at least 20 minutes maybe longer. We also noticed 2 other lights in the same southeastern direction that seemed further away and so not quite as big as the first.. We speculated that maybe they were military helicopters or blimps We decided they were not. They all displayed the same characteristics of rotating lights and a fixed position. Suddenly, the closest one, in an instant, dropped straight below the horizon at an unbelievable speed. No helicopter or star moves like that. The other two lights were also gone but we didn't notice how.
