Case No. 1089 10042020

Date: Thursday, June 18, 2015.

Approximate Time: 17:09 local time.

Weather: Not applicable, due to the nature of the case.

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: J. P.

Description: The witness reported having photographed a plate-shaped object with a gray color in the commune of Limache, Marga Marga province, in the Fifth Region of Valparaíso.

He stated that he did not see the reported aerial phenomenon until he reviewed the photographs on his computer. The informant backed up his report with
two photographs that were taken in sequence on June 18, 2015 with a Nikon Coolpix L22 camera model.

This device is capable of capturing images with a maximum resolution of 4,000 x 3,000, apertures from f3.1 to f6.7, and up to 3.6x digital zoom.

Both images were achieved with the camera's maximum aperture (f6.7), a shutter speed of 1/250 seconds, and a digital zoom of 2.6x. They were analyzed through ELA (Error Level Analysis) and CMF (Copy and Motion Forgery).
Noting that they were not digitally altered.

In the image containing the reported phenomenon, photographic analysis using edge-detection algorithms confirmed the unique presence of the reported phenomenon and provided details of its silhouette.

From its analysis, the hypothesis of a possible biological origin of the reported phenomenon emerged, so independent analysis by specialists from the Wildlife Ecology Laboratory of the Faculty of Forest Sciences and Nature Conservation of the University of Chile was requested.
One of the academics reported that in the images, a Piciforme bird, Colaptes pitius or pitio, is seen perched on a branch, and behind it, another bird in flight, corresponding to the reported anomalous aerial phenomenon.

Based on the silhouette's appearance, it indicates that the latter could be another specimen of the same species as the bird in the center of the images.

Images: The witness provided two photographs, one of which shows the reported anomalous aerial phenomenon.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the report, the study of the
Based on the images of the case and the specialized analysis of advisors consulted, it was concluded that what was reported corresponded to a bird in flight known as a woodpecker, which is distributed in thickets and humid forests in central and southern Chile.
