{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-30 23:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484304","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75533","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2830,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/304/mufon-5484304.json","updb_database_id":5484304}
{dr}Saw a glowing, mutli-colored star-like object hovering 5-7 miles away in clear skies over west Salem at 1,000-1,500 feet. It appeared to be a big star

From my home located on the north end of the city of Keizer, Oregon, just north of Salem, I saw what appeared at first to be a multi-colored star. While outside gazing at the few stars, which I do periodically on a clear night, I felt it was located at about 1,000-2,000 feet AGL across the Willamette River west of downtown Salem near or above West Salem. That is W-SW of my home.

As I watched it and noted its bigger size compared to other stars, I saw many colors changing on its surface. I had seen one stationary star/planet hundreds times over many years with that appearance, but now I could see that this one moved slowly in short smooth motions in various directions. That motion gave it away. I thought something may be skewing my line of site as I lost sight of it once, so I moved a little to ensure my view wasn't being blocked. It wasn't. The object was slowly moving around, but not like a hovering helicopter or an aircraft.

I got my binoculars from inside the house and saw the object had moved a little more but was acting in a similar fashion. I brought the binoculars to my eyes to improve my view and it moved slowly up to the right. I pulled the binoculars down and then it slowly went dark with no quick movements in any direction. There were no clouds in the sky.

Having never reported a UFO, this time I felt it was important to report it. Previously I'd seen something like this a few times over the years and dismissed it. 

My question is has anyone else in this area reported what I saw tonight?

I feel we're not the only inhabited planet in any universe, and that too much evidence exists to in downplay or deny that earth has been visited by UFOs for decades if not hundreds of years. As a retired Air Force/Air National Guard officer (non-flyer) I have 2 former military colleagues who have each seen a UFO... on and near the ground in England (1980) and airborne over Redmond, Oregon (1958 or 59). Both sightings have been previously documented. Neither man would confirm what they saw but didn't deny that something "may have happened."
