{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-12 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482304","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77660","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3781,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/304/mufon-5482304.json","updb_database_id":5482304}
{cak} No UFO. I was sleeping and felt my body feel as if it was being pulled from my bed. I looked in the direction of being pulled and saw 5 light brown and light green figures with Hugh eyes. my entire wall was transparent.

I reported a. Innocident that had happened to me when I was much younger that occurred during hurricane Katrina back in Late August of 2005. Only reason I remember the approximate data was because my birthday was near the day that horrible hurricane had hit my home town. 

Ever since this occurance with this UFO; it felt as if I have been marked... I have been been having very livid dreams that seems so real.... Dreams that until this Tuesday morning around 3am...... Before Daylight is all I know since I actually went to bed around 9-10pm.... Just moments before this encounter that dang near has me at wits end. 

I am definitely thinking of having a psychotics Hypnotize me to tell me if what I saw was reality or fiction. All I remember was the feeling of my body being paralyzed and could not move my arms or legs as if it was a weight pushing my arms and legs down onto my bed. All I know was my back were facing away from the direction I was being pulled. I fought hard to turn my neck and saw five figures standing outside my room.... As if the wall was tore down or they somehow turned my wall into a transparent liquid like water.  All I could think of was please don't hurt me.... And please help me with this severe pain levels I am going through everyday. 
All I know is all I could do was turn my neck to see what was pulling me in this direction and it was less than 10 seconds after turning my neck it was as if they gave me some kind of drug or something that knocked me out cold and I woke up laying flat on my back around 8pm that night. I remember before I looked at these entities it felt as if something were crawling inside my spinal cord and this feeling is what woke me up. As if I was getting probed or something literally crawling inside my spinal cord.... But with no pain at all. It felt as if I were being scanned like back in 2005. I know what muscle spasms feels like.... This is nothing like such. 

These five figures I saw is like burnt into my memory before I was knocked back out cold. And if it was a dream.... Why do I feel since Tuesday As if I had a surgery of some sort. I feel extremely sore that I have barely left bed in the last 2 days. One thing I have noticed thou.... I have been trying to reteach myself computer programming ever since November 2015. In the last two days I have made more progress than I have in several months  

So maybe this abduction isn't for the worst. It's as if my brain is running in overdrive since this encounter real or not real I have no proof. I only know I had to leave a job making $35 a hour working for AT&T in November 2014. I couldn't function... Walking became extremely painful. Standing up and working aloft as a Lineman became impossible to continue to carry on. I am starting to feel they are here to help if they could. But one thing I can say for certain is they scare the crap out of me when taken without your consent or knowledge of what is going on.
