{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-27 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511304","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47064","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4704,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/304/mufon-5511304.json","updb_database_id":5511304}
{dr}3 hours of 5 or more

I live on the corner of Rochester Hills and Shelby MI. On April 27th (Saturday) I was out on my balcony. I noticed a very strange light that was flashing blue, green and white. I thought it could have been a star or planet because of the way it looked, but it seemed very bright and it was flashing incredibly fast and obviously. I called my girlfriend out to ask her opinion. Upon looking she noticed an "orb" that was flashing red and white and moving to the east. We then noticed that the blue/green/white star-like "thing" was moving slowly as well. At one point it went from close-by to almost out of view (this would have to be 10+ miles) without me noticing. This means it had to travel that distance in less than 5 - 10 seconds of me looking at different parts of the sky. 

Later, a ship of some sort started either flying towards us or rising from the ground over the horizon (hard to tell via perspective). I believe it was rising because I noticed that another incredibly bright light was flying just above the tree line as that ship was rising up. That ship was flying so low my girlfriend could not see it (being 1.5 feet shorter than me) and it was heading west. As the other ship was "rising" it was a bright yellow, so bright I thought it could be a spotlight on a plane. Suddenly, it switched from bright, bright yellow to a dim color with flashing white and red lights. At this point it "appeared" to start flying in our direction. It flew directly over us and was clearly a triangle in shape. It had a red center light and three white lights at each point. It looked very similar to the Belgium UFO in the 90s. However, the white lights were flickering in all sorts of patterns. It is possible that lights lined the sides of it, which would account for the overt light display it was "putting on" as it seemed like 20 or so lights, not just the 4 we could see. We ended up seeing at least 5 of these. 3 flew in a triangular formation incredibly high and slow, another flew almost directly over us later in the night (at this point we had relocated to an open parking lot nearby). That one did not fly strait, but instead flew on a elongated bell-curve until it flew out of sight. Before it came our way, it made a flashing pattern at another light in the sky as if it was "communicating" (one of the star-like lights). That light disappeared for a few seconds, then came back as if it turned off and then on again. All of these ships flashed lights in different ways. None of these "came from" the star like (blue/green/white light) UFOs. 

As I said, I left and went to an open parking lot. I noticed that the "star-like" light had two twins that formed a triangular formation. There was about a mile - 3 miles in between them (best guess) and one was emitting and absorbing orbs. Some we lit up, some not when they came out/went in. However, even without their lights "on", it was possible to see them as they reflected the lights of the star-like UFO. There were a lot of these orbs, potentially hundreds of sightings over the three hours. They would line up and flash in patterns, they would move and take sharp turns and they would dart across the sky with great speed. It was like a meteor shower at certain moments. We watched these things move across the entire sky, east to west, in less than a second. However, they would stop and flash for a while then move again. They were so fast, we would often watch them move from one side of the sky to the other in the time it took the orb to "flash" (meaning we caught its movement while flashing). We even saw an orb moving slowly then randomly split into two red orbs that moved quick. It was astonishing.

There was a lot of activity that night, but that about sums it all up. This went on for three hours. We also saw and heard planes fly over. The differences were staggering in terms of sound and lights. The planes were very consistent with the flashing and were audible. All other sightings were not making any noise and often changed their flashing patterns/colors.
