{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-10-12 15:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455764","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105843","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2763,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/764/mufon-5455764.json","updb_database_id":5455764}
{rjl} In October of 1979 i was late to a class and surprised to get a close parking space on a residential street.

After getting out of my car (and for some reason?) I looked towards the back of my car and then up into the sky. There was a small but bright light in the sky that caught my attention. The light appeared to be getting larger and brighter and coming towards me. I gazed at it for a few seconds and then I took my eyes away from it for a few more seconds to look around me to see if there were other people seeing the same thing as me...(the light was amazing and I wished for witnesses) but unfortunately, the street was completely empty of anyone and also felt 'silent'. Quickly taking my eyes back to the light it was still coming towards me and (what appeared to be) at a very fast steady pace. Now...as it approached even closer, i could see it's shape...disc like and shiny and reflective of light but no actual 'headlights' that i could see. Then or a very few seconds i FELT a connection with it...and it was right after I had decided it was definitely a 'typical' UFO craft and even felt I KNEW what it was...it took off at lightening speed at a complete 80 degree angle that no plane or anything else has ever done before that i am aware of. It was a one of kind experience that 'felt like' the craft (and those operating it) had just winked at me. 
Since that lightening fast experience in Santa Ana i've had another extreme encounter where there were 3 people watching (including myself) in Fort Collins, Colorado. But the other two witnesses have expressed wanting to stay unidentified. I am sorry that I have no evidence but can only say that this experience was right over our heads and appeared to be in another dimension. These sightings were happening nightly. I will do another separate 'telling' of my stories...some involve an invisible entity communicating with me (that I believe was St. Germain...but let's not go there yet or i'll be pegged as a crazy tin hatter) and another 'happening' that was a near death experience of my own ...where time stopped. Sorry...although true accounts to the best of my accounting I have no photos.
