{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-02-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282764","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120683","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4239,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/764/mufon-5282764.json","updb_database_id":5282764}
read

The Psilocybin Mushroom is an Alien Technology, a Bio-technological space probe.
Upon eating the magic mushroom, a benvolent alient intelligence begins to interface with your body, brain, and mind.

The Psilocybin Entity is highly advanced, alien, and compassionate and sympathetic of humanities evolutionary goals and existential state of being.

The Mushroom teaches us how to live, evolves and upgrades our DNA, and provides human soul tranportation into a SpaceShip.

Throughout history, Humanity has encountered the Mushroom entities, called Star People in Native American society, for example.

Anchient Dipictions of Aliens, UFOs appear in cave art, to mideval, rennesaunce art, throughout all human history Aliens and UFOs appear.

Modern stories of Aliens, Mushroom Entities and UFO contact are best said by [name moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc] , an ethobotanist.

[name moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc] s best work is True Hallucinations, and Food of the Gods, in that order.

The Psilocybin mushroom allows for telepathic connection with many alien species. The most common Aliens contacted using psilocybin in my experience are:

Pleadians Tall white blonde hair, blue eyes, white skin, Little Green Men Zeta Reticulians, classic Disc shaped flying saucers with green aliens, about 5 feet tall, with big heads and big oval eyes. The pleadians were aboard a Star Trek like ship, humanoids with advanced healing/medical technology.

Mushrooms are alien biotechnology, able to heal physical wounds, enhance DNA , and revitalize the body, making one healthier, smarter and evolved.

I believe Magic mushrooms were a central evolutionary catalist/enhancement during human evolution from Africa to the present. Over time, hunans have gradually taken pdilocybin less and less, as rich forest turned to dry savanah, and so on, the mushroom became less avaiable.

Eventually, people banned the mushrroom for two reasons: 1. to keep people from the powerful tool that is mushrooms. and 2. out of fear.

Many people are afraid of bad trips, but the mushroom is acrually the escort out of depression and disease into health.

If you take mushrooms , at home, or at a peaceful setting you'll probably hsve a good time. But avoid psilocybin at parties unless your really in the mood. Psilocybin is similar to seratonin molecularily and thus is easily handeled, compatable with the brain.

Taking magic mushrooms is like praying, or confessions at a Catholic Church, or helping an old lady to cross the street or donating to charity. Taking mushrooms enables a learning and "coming to Jesus" opportunity.

I reccomend Psilocybin Mushrooms be studied as medicine, be decriminalized or legalized.

Drug Safety Chart:

[link moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc]

Similar to Cannabis, nobody has ever died from taking magic mushrooms from a toxicity perspective.

Mushrooms, and Cannabis are thus safer than most perscription antidepressants and have massive medical and evolutionary potential.

From Monkey to Human to Alien, is the evolutionary progression enabled by diet, lifestyle, and mushroom enhancenent.

The mushroom is wise and humans can ask questions to the mushroom, similar to a professor or help desk.

I believe mushrooms are one of the most important tools humanity has to evolve and learn from, and mushrooms will guide and evolve humanity to live sustainably and enchance technological ability.

Links: [links moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc] 
Historical Data:
Psilocybin Neuroscience Studies:
Personal Stories:
