{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-08-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503764","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55155","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2442,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/764/mufon-5503764.json","updb_database_id":5503764}
Approximte size of CH-47 Chinook helicoptor

I was in the Army stationed in Germany as a Truck Driver. I left Frankfurt Air Base at approximately 0000 hrs headed to SHAPE Belgium with a load of mail. As I approached Cologne I noticed what I thought to be a helicopter at first hovering over the opposite lanes of traffic. As I got closer I realized that it couldn't be a helicopter. I slowed down and stopped maybe 100yds before I got to the object. I rolled down my window and could hear nothing but the wind and my truck running. I slowly eased forward until I was almost beside and under the object, at which point a beam of light emitted from it and shined the length of my truck and trailer. I was startled and gunned the truck speeding off watching the rearview mirror to see if it was following. I could still see the object for several minutes in the mirror it had not moved. I continued for approximately 30-45 minutes and seen an identical object cross the road in front me and go out over the valley to my left. I watched as the object met with another object identical to it and turned paralleling the autobahn and keeping pace with me for several minutes. The 2 objects then disappeared flying lower into the valley where I could no longer see them. I cannot say for sure but thought I caught glimpses of an object 3 mores times until I crossed the Belgian border. The objects were dark colored cylinder shaped with 3 white lights down each side. The light beam emitted from the first light on the left side of the object as I faced it. The objects seemed to move slowly but methodically. I got an sense that it was almost like they were scanning or mapping. I don't know that's just the feeling I got. When the object turned to parallel the road it didn't seem to bank like I thought it would. It just slowly turned like a train going around a bend.
