{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-03 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524348","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31515","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4500,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/348/mufon-5524348.json","updb_database_id":5524348}
Saw UFO fly over my house and went from horizon to vertical then took off

I was in my living room watching tv when I heard a big boom and my dogs started barking. I knew it wasn't lighting or thunder because it sounded like it hit my wall in my living room. Then I hear another boom towards the back of my house so I grabbed my gun and honestly I thought someone was trying to break into my house. I grabbed my phone, and then I hear a third boom still towards the back of my house but a different location. I frantically am trying to get ahold of my husband on the phone because I think I am about to have to shoot someone breaking in my house and he will at least know who to call and where we live, etc. My phone was not working, so I went to the window where I always get service and it still wasn't working. Finally it starts ringing, I tell my husband "I am about to freak out right now, I have heard 3 really loud boom noises from around our house unlike anything else I've ever heard and I am really scared & I don't know if someone is outside our house" my husband is 2 hours away at this time, he tells me to load my gun and call my brother to see if he can come over. So I hang up with him quick and call my brother and my dad and neither answer. I am about to call my husband back when I hear a noise over my house so I look up and I see this ship that I know for a fact there are no planes made/designed like this. It is about 50-70 feet off the ground. It went over my house at a horizon angle then abruptly changed to its side (vertical)and then took off very fast and was gone. The back of the ship had a rectangular shape which was all lights. One side of the rectangular shape was red lights and the other was white lights. The lights were blinking but not really fast more random blinking. I never expected to see what I saw. I got back on the phone with my husband and explained to him what I saw. He sounded like he almost didn't believe what I was saying and I don't blame him because its hard for me to believe what I saw. I was freaking out because I didn't know what to do and I was all alone. I couldn't call the cops because they wouldn't believe me then they think I am "that crazy lady" that lives there. I felt helpless because no one would believe me. I don't have any evidence of what I saw because it happened so fast and I froze when I looked up and seen what I saw. I decided to go upstairs and look to see if I could see anything outside. I couldn't see anything so I went to a window upstairs that is the only window I have cell phone service by because I needed my brother or husband to call me back. I sat there in the dark and was quiet. The window I was next to was open slightly and I heard something below me outside. Honestly I don't even know how to describe what I heard. It sounded like something communicating with each other. It sounded like 2 things outside my house communicating. The communication sounded like a mixture robotic sound and drawn out water drop sounds....I really don't have any other way to describe it. I was listening to it(and about to have a heart attack)when my brother called me back. When I was talking to him in a soft whispering voice I pulled the phone away from my ear to see if I could still hear it and it stopped. My brother said he was coming over but still 15 mins away. I got off the phone with him and I continued to hear the 2 things outside. It wasn't constant and wasn't the same noise when they communicated to each other. And these were sounds I've never heard in my life, I am a hunter and I spend a lot of time in the woods listening to animals and I know that this wasn't any animal/thing I've ever heard. Finally my brother got to my house and I told him about it and we sat in my living room and waited until my husband got home. I know no one is going to believe me so I don't even know what to do or who to tell.
