{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-04 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287348","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116034","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2935,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/348/mufon-5287348.json","updb_database_id":5287348}
White somewhat stationary dot in the sky since 2:00 pm. Didn’t move from its spot much.

My friend Zach, who lives in Millard Nebraska, called me up saying that he saw a white, star-like dot in the sky at around 2:00 PM. My friend Derek and I went to inspect but we didn’t see anything as it was really bright outside. He took a picture and sent it to me. At around 7:00 pm Derek and I went to look again and we clearly saw the white dot he was talking about. I opened my Star Map on my phone and pointed it at the direction of the object, there were no obvious Star/Planet candidates for the light. Venus and Mars were not visible at that time. I got my brother Chris and his girlfriend Monnie to come look at the object and they could clearly see it as well. I then called my other brother Zakk who was in Bellevue Nebraska to see if he could see it. He did, and he had a set of binoculars but they did not help much. As the Sun set the dot became less white and more red-ish over time, like it was reflecting the color off the sunset. I lied down on the grass to stabilize my viewing of the object and noticed a slight Z-like pattern of motion. As the sun finished setting the object dimmed until it could not be seen anymore, and the stars eventually came out. The object was gone. It was almost as if there was something reflective floating very high in the atmosphere in roughly the same spot all day. Both Zach and I took pictures and video of the object, He sent me a few of the pictures that he took at 2:00 pm and I have video from around 8:00 pm. I would usually say it’s probably some sort of balloon but since three different people all across the spread-out area saw it, it’s a bit more curious.
