{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489348","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70278","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3067,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/348/mufon-5489348.json","updb_database_id":5489348}
{nd} Observed silver disc/sphere directly above home after feeling compelled to go outside and look

I was at home near salt lake city. In the kitchen when something in my mind told me if I went outside amd looked. I would see a UFO. I thought it strange how I was so sure I would see something.
 It was a normal thing for me to go up on the flat roof of my home for a cigarette and the amazing view we had there. I remember as I was walking out, I thought I should grab my phone or camera. But I had the feeling that I shouldn't because then I would see nothing, or it would be a negative thing for me to do so. It was odd but I knew these things. I knew 100% that it was there, from the first thoughts in my kitchen. To walking out the back deck, and up the ladder onto the roof. 
Off the top of the ladder, I had 30 feet to walk on the flat roof to the spot where I usually smoked and took in the view. So I decided to walk out looking forward and not looking up at what I was strangly certain was there. Also I thought I'd better light my cigarette before looking up. After lighting up I took a breath and looked directly above me to see a stationery silver disc or sphere 1000 feet or so up. Literally, directly above my home. Incredibly I was not suprised at all, and there became a feeling of it not being a big deal at all. I watched it for 15 minutes or so hovering.
 There was some typical Utah summertime cumulo/thunderhead clouds in the sky near the object. Because of that, I believe I got a good perspective on the silvery sphere. It was definitely a solid object, hanging halfway down from the top of the tall dynamic looking cloud. Blue sky behind and around the object. Tall fluffy cloud to its right side. 
The feeling in me, of it being not a big deal at all was so strong. I said goodbye mentally to it and left the roof. Even though it was still up there!
 After I got down to my bedroom. I thought I should get my phone and go back up for a photo because my dad may think I am crazy when I tell him later that day. Although the feeling that I knew it would be gone was there. I went back up to see. The cloud had moved into the spot where the object was before. There was nothing to see or photo. And I felt dumb for ignoring my thoughts and even trying to get a picture.
The sighting itself was not was impacted me. I feel like the importance of my experience is in the fact I felt compelled to go outside and see what somehow I knew was there.
