{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-01 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494348","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65130","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2953,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/348/mufon-5494348.json","updb_database_id":5494348}
{dr}Seemed to pulsate and hover over the trees before descending slowly

I had been inside on the computer when my mother got my attention. She had been out on the front porch smoking a cigarette when she just looked over in the UFO's direction. It was something that just normally wasn't there. When I first saw it, I immediately suspected it to be a UFO because it was too big to be a star, it wasn't a planet because the moon was behind our house, and it was hovering so I knew it wasn't a plane or anything like that. As we, my brother, my mother, and I, stood out there the object didn't move but it was pulsating and hovering above the trees. I came back inside after first seeing it to get the binoculars so that I could possibly see it better, maybe see what all there was to it. But they didn't help, just made the object seem blurry but with just looking at it with my own eyes, it was sort of clear. It didn't move for a good five minutes after we all saw it. But about a couple minutes later, it began to slowly descend behind the trees so it became difficult to see it with the binoculars but I could see it with my own eyes. My brother says that when he looked at it through the binoculars it was like an oval/cigar shape. But when I had looked at it, maybe two minutes before he had, it was like a teardrop shape.
Since I had my phone, I pulled it out and opened my flashlight app and began to make it do the pattern the UFO was doing. It was a steady one, two, three, one, two, three. And as I was doing this, the object began to glow brighter and seemed to turn a bit. So I believe I made some sort of contact with whoever or whatever it was.
This isn't the first time we've seen something over around in our area. My mother mentioned that she has witnessed something similar off and on for the pass four years. She says that when she has seen it in the south to the southeast, it's been moving slowly until it begins to fade away and then it's moving faster. But every time it's been near our home, north/northwest, it has hovered.
During this recent sighting, the object didn't move until about ten minutes after the initial sighting. And it slowly descended behind the trees until I just couldn't see it anymore. I'm honestly a little...scared now that I've actually witnessed a UFO and now that it has been around here for the pass four years...
