{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-14 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511348","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47019","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4316,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/348/mufon-5511348.json","updb_database_id":5511348}
{nd} I was looking at sky, when I heard an Airplane sound coming from s.west as it appeared above turning N,toward Grumman Aerospace saw 3 Dimension light array.

I stopped at a convenience store to cash in my Lotto tickets and a pack of cigarettes. I had just left Zorns Chicken on Merrick Road in Bellmore. I was in the parking lot of said store. I realized the sky was clear & I took out my Night Vision Goggles (N/O PVS-7 3AG). I also have a Green Laser Pointer that I point at Objects in the Night Sky that look unusual. I Never Point at Aircraft ! Well there I was standing by my Truck in Parking lot of said store. I was looking through my night vision goggles & Pointing Laser at Cigar Shaped Objects in the Sky. Id point my laser at them & theyd Light-Up. This happens often !!! Then I heard the sound of a Plane approaching from the southwest. I turned off my laser & continued viewing the sky with my NV goggles. What I thought was a Plane approaching, by the sound of it, was No Plane that I ever saw ! This was a Marquis shaped see-through Diamond array with 3 Dimensional Lighting ( White, Green, Red ). As it flew above me, it turned North . I assumed it was heading for Grumman . What happened afterwards was even more amazing. About 5 minutes later, I got in my Truck. Upon leaving the Parking Lot, I turned east and Began driving toward the Wantagh Parkway. But just as I left, A New white panel Truck pulled up Perpendicular to the store I just left. I saw 2 men in front with Binoculars. The Logo on the drivers side of the Van said U.S.M.A. I assumed they were Military Intelligence by what happened next. I was driving East on Merrick Road and saw 2 more of the exact Vans drive by me heading West. As I entered the Wantagh pkwy North , I noticed the Nassau Police close the Exits to Merrick Road & South to Jones Beach. They were actually putting up Barricades and detaining all drivers trying to Exit. I said to myself: " So Long Suckers " !!! As I had a good laughed and Proceeded North on Parkway toward Home. I must of saw something that I wasnt suppose to ! 
Also,I live in Northport on an acre of land and usually on any given Night, as long as the sky is clear, I point my Laser (using my NV Goggles)at the 10 to 30 Orbs dodging in and out of the tree branches as they Brightly illuminate when I mark them with the Laser, While the Cigar or Triangle shaped Objects Hover Above ! Im trying to get attachments so I can take Video, but right now Im a little short of Funds after spending almost $4,900.00 on the Night Optics Goggles. Im out on Workers Compensation for an Work related Injury. If interested Contact me and Ill show you what Consistently goes on in the Night Sky all over Long Island !
I don't know if this has any baring, but BAE Systems are a Few miles away ... Thank You for your attention. 
                  Sincerely, [Item Moved/CMS/nd]
P.S. I plan on getting a 5-10x Magnification Lens Attachment by this Summer and make an Adapter for a Video Camera. Im an Electrician & a member of the I.B.E.W. with over 30 years Experience, but I specialize in Voice , Data, & Fiber Optic Integration systems for the Major Banks, Trading & Hedge Funds in NYC, Including the Nasdaq, NY Stock Exchange & American Stock Exchange. Ive built,Installed,Re-design & Tested the Networks for the entire Intranet for Co.s such as Global Crossings, XO Communications, Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, Chase,US Trust, Deutsche Bank, French Telcom, British Airways,The Commodities exchange, E-Trade, Bloomberg & the Subgrade Fire Alarm/Security systems for the WTC Complex 1-7, Pre 911. I also have a CCNA Certificate ( Cisco Certified Network Associate) from State University of New York - Queens College.
