{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-09 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515348","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42811","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2940,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/348/mufon-5515348.json","updb_database_id":5515348}
{nd} It resembled three blimp-like shapes combined into one w/a notable exhaust system made of 3 circles in the form of a triangle at back of central cavity. Two lines of small white/blue lined each side of central body. VERY LOUD

While swimming, I stopped to watch whatever was about to fly overhead since I could hear something approaching. It flew directly overhead and sounded like a loud jet engine flying very very low. The shape had no common features with airplanes, moreover, there is no major airport nearby which would explain such a low flying aircraft. I watched as a very chunky round shape, like a catchers mit, flew directly overhead, at a uninterrupted pace, and in a direct line. More precisely, it could be described as 3 blimp-like bodies bound into one chunky rounded whole, with lights running along both sides of the craft where the central body met the two exterior oblong sides. I could not see any windows along the body or of a cockpit. It flew directly east and did not change course. Most notably of all was the lack of a characteristic airplane nose, and its exhaust system, which I saw perfectly clearly, was comprised 3 circles in an equalateral triangle formation set at the back center of the craft. I believe a flamelike exhaust [hardly visible] was coming out.
Its sound was consistent with aircraft -- ie the sound increased as it approached and reduced with distance. I lost site of the object because I decided to leave the pool and go inside. One there, two friends inside asked me if a plane had just flown over the house, since they heard the loud engines as it passed overhead. I replied that it actually was some sort of ufo - or at least a type of airplane I had never seen. And I drew them a picture, which is what I have described above.  Since then, I have encountered one other person familiar with the story of the object I saw, in the sense that he answered my query about seeing a ufo sometime in early sept. by asking "the one that flew by at 8:30 pm?" I hadnt said the time of my sighting -- which in my memory was between 8 - 8:30 pm -- so I am deducing the possibility it was another siting of the same object. But specifically in my case that evening (in the second week of september, wish I could be more specific), there was 1 visual / auditory witness (myself) and 2 auditory witnesses.
