{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-27 21:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529905","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25604","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3946,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/905/mufon-5529905.json","updb_database_id":5529905}
Large black triangle, three to four dull, rectangular lights of a white or dull yellow lining the lateral edges,

Last night at, my house in Centerville,Texas between 9:25 and 9:30. I went out onto the back porch to smoke and was sitting on to steps facing pretty much due north by the North Star. I was looking towards the eastern sky over top of the peak of the house to where I often saw a satellite traveling through or near the Pegasus constilation.
  As I looked I saw a shadow fly in front of the stars I was looking towards, blotting some of the out, and when I got up to track it I saw a black triangle flying south with either a port list, or it was banking slightly east because I could see it's darker outline against the night sky and I'm pretty sure I was looking at the underneath of the craft. The only comparison I can make about how far away it was is that it looked to be near or just past the houses across the street and not more than one of my hands above the peak of the roof. From that distance I could easily cover it with my palm so it was either a mid-sized craft or further away/higher up than I am estimating.
 It was moving pretty fast and made absolutely NO sound whatsoever. I even waited to see if the sound would come but, nothing. The encounter lasted no more than twenty seconds maybe but what I saw before trying to get my wife as a witness was that it looked to be much 'sharper' in the nose than one might expect from a stealth bomber 'Wing' plane, but was about the same size width-wise but longer as well. I would say given the distance away it was pretty big.
 Along the leading edges, underneath the craft near the edges of the 'wings', were three rectangular lights in a straight line that reminded me of the yellow dotted lines on a road. They were not very bright at all else I would have seen them first so whatever it was didn't want to be seen in my opinion. 
 I should also note now that the moon had not yet risen at that time and it was only later when I was back outside (this time in the front yard) did I notice that a maybe three-quarter moon had risen above the trees acrsoo the street. The only reason I even went to look was that when I saw the triangle the sky was much darker above the house and later I saw the glow from the moon cutting through the light of the stars I had formerly been looking at clearly.
 Whatever this was it was gone before my wife made it outside and I had lost it after I went inside to get her. When I say it was moving fast I mean it was really booking it. I was so shocked that my cig went out and it took me three times to relight it. I was out side barefoot trying to find this thing again and my wife thought I was absolutely nuts when I told her what I had seen. I am going to try to set up a camera tonight if the moon is late rising again as soon as it gets dark. Maybe I will catch something but I'm not going to hold my breath. 
 If anyone along I-45 from Dallas to Houston saw anything similar to what I saw on 9/27/2010 PLEASE email me @ bulldawg4748@aol.com. From what it looked like it was either following the backroad known as Hwy 75 or perhaps banking to the east towards the Trinity River because I was able to see the underside of the triangle. It was coming directly from the north and again was seen in Centerville, Texas between 9:25 and 9:30.
