{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-10-02 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285905","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117494","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3550,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/905/mufon-5285905.json","updb_database_id":5285905}
Massive solid black. Ufo followed us for 25 min

My family and I were on our way home driving the back roads like always when going through a tunnel of trees I was looking up at the gorgeous clear night filled with millions of stars. While looking up there was a massive blacked out triangle space that I couldn't make any sense of so I asked my bf to stop the car I needed to see what it was .. there was absolutely no sound not from bugs or frogs or anything it was silent. I asked him to turn off the car. It was silent I got out of the car to look at this thing and he did too and agreed either of us knew what it was .. but as we were about to leave I realized the triangle space it blacked out didn't have any stars in it so that's when I knew there was a massive solid mass sitting in an honest guess maybe 20 to 30 feet above the tree line and I could see it slowly moving. A car went past us and decided to go. I told him to drive fairly slow I want to watch this thing as long as I could. What freaked me out was it was following us down the road and it too made a right down the next road towards the Dam. And I was really struggling to see the corners and if it was actual lights on the corners or if it was stars that happen to line up with the corners as we drove.. the road is very twisty and trees very tall so we were in like a tunnel and it kept following us all the way down to the dam where we would normally cross over the dam. But there was a pull out so I made him stop and we stayed there stareing at it for at least another 15 min it just hovered right over top the dam and I could see it turning slowly and it still completely blocked out all the stars behind it .. its shape never changed and not once did I hear any sounds from it at all. Then as we were about to leave because I was actually getting a bit scared it suddenly just shot off to the SE. I think is the direction but it was instantly almost like blink and it was gone but I watched it shoot away... we talked about it but he kept denying it was a ufo but whatever I KNOW what I seen that night . So fast forward a few years later talking to my mil and sil who live down at the bottom of the dam in a trailer court they were reading the newspaper and mentioned the ufo seen at the dam so I told them what we had seen and they turned the paper towards me and I read the article and it was exactly what I'd seen.. come to find out another guy in the trailer court down the road seen it too and he told the news and there was a picture of this black triangle shaped ufo in the article and I started to cry . They just rolled their eyes but I felt like someone else seen it thank God because I was starting to wonder if I'd really seen it.. I wasn't drinking no drugs nothing but that's one thing I'll never forget .. ive tried many times to find the article in the news paper so I had proof but I never found it and idk how too.. anyways that's my truth. Thanks
