{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-08-15 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518905","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38076","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3145,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/905/mufon-5518905.json","updb_database_id":5518905}
Large obviously mechanical and engineered craft, with flashing lights across it's exterior. The size of a bus or slightly larger at a guess.

I witnessed what can only be described as UFO1s out the back of the Coffs Harbor region, about 5 hours above Sydney on the east coast of Australia in 2007. At first I noticed a large object through the trees, with a bunch of colored lights flashing on and off. I assumed it was a truck or road works set up on another hill (as I was on a property at the top of a hill) until I remembered that there was no hill in that direction. As the object maneuvered back and forth for a while, I started scratching helicopter, plane and anything else I could think of off the possibility list as it was too close to be of such size without making any noise. Eventually it got to a point where I felt a bit spooked as it didn't make any sense. I ended up jumping in the car to get closer and drove a few kilometres in its direction before I saw it again out over the bush-land. For a while I thought it was made up of two parts, one kind of pulling the other, until they separated and I spent around 45 minutes watching them both move around the sky. They both covered incredible distances with ease and at great speed, moving in all directions including diagonally. They also looked like they were 'playing' with each other as they followed each other around the horizon. At one point they both spiraled upward as though sliding up a twisting water-slide... the size of the crafts, the distances they covered, the blinking, the lack of noise, all of this defied anything that I am aware exists as far as modern human technology goes. When an aero-plane entered the skyline I noticed both crafts blacked out. I thought the show was over, until the aero-plane crossed the sky, faded into the distance and to my surprise both craft's lights returned and I watched them for another good ten minutes. The next day I went to the Coffs Harbor Police station to find out if anyone else had seen or reported them. The police asked me how good the magic mushrooms were! Although they didn1t take me seriously I know what I saw and I know how incredible the experience was. It also amazes me how many witness accounts there are across the globe and yet the idea of UFO1s is still considered 1wacky1 or 1silly1. It was a strange feeling to go from 1hearing about1 these bizarre UFO sightings that the main media makes fun of, to becoming someone that had actually seen it with my own eyes. I have been fascinated by their existence ever since.
