{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-06 19:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454905","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106706","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2913,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/905/mufon-5454905.json","updb_database_id":5454905}
{tjd} Saw black triangle followed by 15 or so white lights evenly spaced appearing from the west near Venus and disappearing to the north near Cassiopeia

I came home from dinner with my girlfriend tonight around 7:30 pm. As I got out of my car I looked to the west to look at Venus and I saw two lights from what I thought was an airplane (dull blueish-white). I noticed they were not blinking, nor were there any green or red anti-collision lights, and thinking that was weird for an airplane, I kept an eye on it. As the object moved across the sky to the north it kept a steady pace making no apparent sound, and when it flew closer to me I saw it was the shape of a perfect equilateral triangle, all black in color against the very dark, yet navy blue sky. It did not pass directly above me, but on an angle from west to north. As soon as I saw the shape, I pointed it out to my girlfriend and she saw it as well. As it approached the midpoint of its path across the sky, we saw a white dot following it, followed by more. They just kept coming, keeping equal distance and speed. I saw roughly 15 or so of these dots, I was trying to count them but I was more focused on the triangle. The dots were white in color, not blinking, not making sound, and they were around the size and brightness of the ISS when it flies over, but definitely brighter and larger than a normal satellite passing over. All these objects flew in a straight path to the north and eventually faded away into the constellation Cassiopeia (started at about 25° above the horizon from the west near Venus and left to my north at about 40°). The entire event lasted around 5 minutes.

I live just south of Milwaukee, WI, 5 minutes or so from General Mitchell International Airport. I could see and hear a few aiplanes coming in, but these objects seemed to be higher than any aircraft in the area and it seemed as if they didn't notice or react to the objects I saw. 

I have an above average (not professional) understanding of astronomy and see commercial and private aircraft everyday, I have never seen anything like this. I am in good physical and mental health, was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol, and the same for my girlfriend who also witnessed the entire event. The sky was clear, sun was set, weather was cold, but calm.
