{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-01 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493905","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65597","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2757,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/905/mufon-5493905.json","updb_database_id":5493905}
{rjl} over the last several weeks, I have observed objects firing at each other at night in our neighborhood

Since the first of May. My husband, my dog and myself have observed multiple objects both seen and unseen firing upon one another. Over the last few years I have observed that the unfriendly or those who want something that the local Objects have are usually appear dark or dimly lit. It makes it easier to tell the good guys from the bad. The local objects that I have been in reqular contact with are usually brightly lit and easy to see. They make no bones about their presence in our area. There is a large deposit of U-238 or uranium underground here in Barry County. It is well known that the UFO's seem to crave this element and the local friendly bunch seems to have gotten here first and they have staked their claim on it before other apposing groups could somewhere around the beginning of the Civil War. They reach this uranium by means of a series of caves and tunnels, one of which thanks to an exaction for a new water main, I found runs near my house, they accidently broke through it digging up the ground for the new water main or I would be a doubter myself if I had not seen it for myself. The tunnels were used during the Civil War for a field hospital and an ammo dump by the South. This is why I have the date set for some time around the civil war. This is in the local historical records. How long before that is unknown as the length of time of the tunnels exisitance. There appears to a ongoing battle for the Uranium but here lately they have exculpated their battle for control for some reasons. Mu dog pointed toward the NE sky last night but there was no visable objects in that part of the sky, but the sky was completely overcast with clouds and we did have some minor damage from what I assume to be a F-0 or F-l tornado or funnel cloud, uprooted small trees and some small trees split in half which fits that type of tornado it happened around 1 am. mot sure if the UFO's were in vovoled the damage or not/ mo proof. I am not sure what this maybe leading up to if it keeps on going they way it is now going and exculationg.
