{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494980","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64474","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2557,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/980/mufon-5494980.json","updb_database_id":5494980}
over 100 ufos in the sky and landimg all different kinds

it was around 6 pm me and my friend were looking out my living room window and saw some triangular objects in the sky that were moving fast and flashing orange and green. they stayed there a while but then about around 100 had turned up. sphere ones aswell. they were everywhere above the trees in peoples gardens. we were in shock!!! i noticed in the distance there were tall orange and red hollograms it looked like they were doing something to the field. we then noticed the moon had like a red and blue tinge around it and they objects kept moving back to it. we watched this for a while. i later found out that bp powerstation had been put on red allert there was objects flying around my friend took some pics this was a black object with green lights.. and the fighter jets were out!! i paniked and me and my friend ran next door to my neighbors to warn her. i then told her to look over in the gardens trees and fields. she also saw this. i later seen a lizard type thing slowly dragging itself into the bushes straight across from my house. my friend also saw a dark shadowed figure with long arms and skinny legs. then we both saw this machine type thing that looked like it grew and was taller than the trees it looked quite scary. i called the police as we were very hysterical. they eventualy turned up 2 hours later and werent much help. they didnt even know about the power plant having a red warning. all the orange flashing like triangles would get bigger and smaller then by 6 this morning it went foggy and they were gone
