{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-24 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282980","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120463","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2563,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/980/mufon-5282980.json","updb_database_id":5282980}
Appeared to be on roof of my home

I was working night shift as an RN and found the best for me was to continue awake at night and sleep during the day when off of work also. I was doing laundry at approx 3:30am and was in my back yard hanging clothes on the line. The small light on my back porch was on but otherwise there was no other lighting outside other than a dim corner street light across the street. My home was 2 blocks from Lake Michigan. I picked up my basket and turned toward my back door when I looked up and saw something extending from the second floor roof from the side of house. There was no sound at all. I walked to side of my home and looked up to see what appeared to be part of a circle as if whatever was on my roof was bigger than the roof and about 20 feet or more was visible to me. What I saw was the edge appeared to be grey metal and inside the inner area was swirling bright colors of reds, blues, yellow, orange, green and more. It hit me as so beautiful I had a hard time looking away. Being dark out and alone I knew I had to walk away but really didn’t want to. I could have just sat in the grass and watched but I realized I had to get away from it. I turned andI walked to my back door and went inside. I was hoping that if I was casual, it or who would think I may not have noticed it that much. I made sure my doors were locked and family all asleep. I don’t remember anything after that other than seeing the beautiful lights. I can still see the beautiful vibrant colors swirling like you may have seen when the sun hits an oil patch in a puddle but so much brighter.  I told some people what I had seen but then never brought it up again. Now I live alone in Green Bay in an apartment with a view of the Fox river heading out to the bay. I see so much water looking out my windows I frequently wonder if I will ever see things over the water or in the sky above me. I don’t think this short experience will ever leave me.
