{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-27 18:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484980","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74823","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2695,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/980/mufon-5484980.json","updb_database_id":5484980}
{rjl} linear object - white lights at either end that flashed together, steady red light in the center, flying slow, low, silent

I was going to the grocery store in Cazenovia, NY. At approximately 6:20 I turned right onto Stone Quarry Rd from Hardscrabble Rd and noticed what I thought was a very low-flying airplane. I could clearly see two white lights at the ends of a linear object with a red light in the center. The white lights flashed on and off together; the red light was steady. I could see that this was a large object and close to the ground... considerably above trees but below clouds. It proceeded northeast, as did I. I turned left and lost sight of it, but when I made the next right (maybe a quarter mile) the object was no longer in view. 

I grew up near an airport, so when I see lights in the sky, I don't automatically assume anything unusual is going on. It was on my way home from the store about 6:50 that I realized I'd never seen that light pattern before. When I got home, I did an internet search for aircraft with that light pattern and couldn't find anything. That's when I began to wonder what I'd seen.

Limited internet image searches didn't produce any results for aircraft or standard UFOs. I see that three white lights with one central red one are fairly common for UFOs and because of my viewing angle I can't rule out the possibility of a third white light.

I wasn't frightened, nothing malfunctioned and the only reason it caught my attention was because where I live is ~40 miles from Hancock International and the object appeared way too low and slow to be heading there, and it was going in the wrong direction for an emergency landing at the small Hamilton airport. It wasn't until later that I realized it wasn't making a jet sound (and I did not have the radio on). A large airplane that near would surely have been audible.

I don't insist that this was a sighting of an extraterrestrial craft - I'm just curious as to what it was that I saw.

I didn't have my phone with me, but I'm not sure it would have occurred to me to take a photo anyway.
