{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501999","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57025","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5647,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/999/mufon-5501999.json","updb_database_id":5501999}
{cak} many psychological events

Well, that was fascinating. I send in a report here and in it that I wasn't feeling well and I keep misplacing things and I'm certain someone has been in my home taking small things. If nothing else, this is evidenced by my glasses. They are on my face or in my bathroom when I put in my contacts. They can't be anywhere else because I can't see without them. It must be the aliens are the nasty human beings I am stuck here with. Strange little things started coming up missing at first. Like makeup and my favorite shirt. I trashed my apartment at one point because I thought, if whatever person comes in here and doesn't say anything and it looks like something happened in here, then I know they are complete and total poopheads. So I dumped over coffee tables and things in the sink and threw clothes and stuff everywhere. I left everything on, the television and the lights. When I came home from work my makeup was on the counter I had cleared off and my favorite shirt was dumped in the living room. Right now I'm really angry about my glasses because it's so hard for me to see without them. I think you should know I contacted the lottery commission because the lottery numbers came up my son's birthday on the day I was baptized. That's 9911 on September 27, 2008 I believe for the daily four. My son was born on 9/11 and his probation officer would not allow him to attend my services. The lottery commission was confused about my concerns. I said back i was concerned because the person that violated my rights worked for the state and the lottery is a state drawing, I have serious concerns. They did not give me the name of their governing body or would not investigate, stating it was entirely random. I guess it was entirely random, also that since then lotteries have been doing some of the biggest payouts in history. I think the drawings might be fixed. I dont think big payouts are a good thing because think for a moment how many people have to lose to get that one big win. And it's happening to me at work, too. This guy I work with would move a paper and ask where's the paperwork. I didn't give him the response he expected. I kept working and told him I would look in a minute. When he left the room I found it on a tray of parts I had been working on earlier (I make small wood parts). He came back in and I handed it to him. He asked me where I found it and I said, mixed in with other papers. He said really, frowned and looked right where I picked it up from. I'm not certain if people are trying to make me feel more unwell or if they are trying to discredit my feelings of illness. My 9/11 son that didn't get to attend my baptism was a rape baby. I was pregnant at fifteen and in this state that is rape. They paid me to tell my story all over two counties including to teachers and law enforcement and no one reported my abuse. In fact, two decades later, it's still rape to have sex with a fifteen year old so I know it must be to help those with their fetishes that they leave that law in place. It certainly wasn't to change the law and make me personally accountable or anything. Maybe it's just arousal about my cerebral palsy. My first husband admitted to addictions to child pornography and was never arrested. They didn't even seize his computer. Thats a violation of the United Nations Optional Protocols for child pornography and the only reason I think they call it optional is because everyone opts in. We look like poop when we are the third largest child porn producers in the world. Mostly because of things like have happened to me I guess. My 2nd son was born on Mother's Day and I was baptized on Mother's Day. I'm repeating this again because I feel like I have a cult uterus. I got my period with the blood moon a few months ago and thought that was interesting and I got it lined up again with yesterday's full moon on Friday the 13th. I hope I don't die young enough for egg harvesting or something. Maybe my strange signs are calling Obama or something because he has visited this road twice, once across the street from my home to a battery plant. I was raped a few years ago and I spent three days sleeping in a chair because he hurtr my back. HE came to my work at Walgreens and got me fired because I refused to sell alcohol and cigarettes to him. Th one year anniversary of my last day the EEOC contacted me to ask me about the working conditions at Walgreens and I told them to get a subpoena if they had any questions about me being raped. I'm not sure why everyone got so nasty. I'm a victim and so are my boys. I'm sick of people and no, I dont have any pictures. The state might have pictures of my son's privates. When I turned in my exhusband over the child pornography I told them I looked through the pictures because I was scared I might find my boys in there so they did forensic photos and made some porn of their own (nothing happened, thank God. But I'm not pleased about the pictures). I'm hoping your not affiliated with whoever is messing with me.
