{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-07 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497999","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61261","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3357,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/999/mufon-5497999.json","updb_database_id":5497999}
{nd} Bright gold cylinders type lights.

The event took place Friday, November 7th, at approximately 8:15pm CST. My wife and I were watching tv in the living room. She decided to go into garage for a cigarette. The garage door is usually left open till about 9pm or so when we are home unless the weather is bad or its too cold. We have a table and chairs set up in there so throughout the evening we make occasional trips to the garage for a smoke or a coffee. Our home is in a subdivision about mid block so we have neighbors surrounding us. The garage faces north. My wife went into the garage sat down and once noticed unusual lights in the sky. She got up walked out into the driveway and observed the lights for several seconds. She then opened the door to the house and popped her head in and called out me to come quickly outside and have a look. I would say the entire time she went into the garage until she called for me was no longer than 30 seconds. 

The lights were so out of the ordinary that I immediately noticed them. I observed them for about 15 seconds and then ran inside and got my iPhone and ran back out to take video. At night, our garage is dimly lit. I use a strand of multicolor christmas lights wrapped around the top of my workbench for illumination. I keep the overhead garage light off. Being in the garage at night on a regular basis, you get familiar with all the usual lights in the sky. Observing the different types of aircraft in flight are a common occurence. In fact, in the video, you can see a plane moving behind them. I have never seen anything like them before and they just seemed odd and out of place. I did not have an idea what the objects were when I first saw them. I remember asking myself what are they? Then i started mentally going down a checklist as to what they could be. They were not planes, searchlights, fireworks, fireballs, blimps, or meteors. I could think of nothing they could have been. 

The objects were cylindrical in shape. This sounds funny but they resembled and moved somewhat like the Slinky toy. They did not seem to be rigid objects. They were glowing bright and gold in color. The movement reminded like an eel swimming under water and at the same time, like a leaf, slowly floating down from a tree. I remember my wife saying that it looked like they had a tail or that it was leaving behind a trail. The feeling I had after the event was bewilderment. I just wanted to know what it was we just witnessed. As you can see from the video, the objects just seemed to fade out. I stayed in garage for about another hour or so after they faded out but saw nothing out of the ordinary again.
