{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-09-16 08:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493999","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65500","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2911,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/999/mufon-5493999.json","updb_database_id":5493999}
{cak} Myself , 2 other Surveyors and a Helicopter pilot witnessed a very large large top like object glowing accross the ridge from us at a lower elevation and I snapped a picture of it with my digital camera

FOUNTAIN GREEN -- 1The object was seen in the mountain range just directly south of mount Nebo near Nephi, Utah and two miles southwest of Fountain Green on September, 16, 2005.1 I was with two other co-workers setting up a GPS base station-when I noticed an object projecting a soft glowing light. I pointed it out to my co-workers and they both agreed it was not a helicopter since it made no sound and was too big to be one. We were at 8500 feet and the object was southeast of us about two miles away at 7000 feet altitude. 

 It appeared as a dot of light with a metallic sheen around the light. The object traveled up the ridge of the mountain range across from us at a lower elevation and began hovering in the same spot for 15 to 20 minutes. I rushed back to the helipad where the helicopter dropped us off and grabbed my digital camera and zoomed in on it to get a better look at it. There was a soft glow of light or energy emitting from the centre of the object in a gyrosycronis pattern. It was a top shaped craft of some sort that flew near us from 8:30 to 9:00 AM, so the sun was to the east on the other side of the craft low in the horizon. I would say the object was about 30 to 40 meters wide and can not be explained by any conventional man-made or natural objects ? There were also 2 other objects of identical description triangulated across the valley several miles apart. Our helicopter that dropped us off picked us up and the pilot asked "what the hell is that thing on the ridge down there, I told him I didn't know and told him to go and check it out, when we got in he powered up and turned from his west landing position to east to move towards the object, it was gone. The third surveyor that we had to leave on the ground had his eye on the craft and told us over the radio that as we turned to engage it the craft shot off with lightening speed to the Northeast at a sharp trajectory. 

This was originally reported to Muffon a week later from this date
