{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530999","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24459","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2259,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/999/mufon-5530999.json","updb_database_id":5530999}
Saw a round object similar to the moon through binoculars in the afternoon in a blue sky. Object then flattened and quickly went north and out of site.

I was lying outside with my wife on a blanket. It was a sunny Sunday afternoon with few clouds. I think the time was around 4:00 PM. I star gaze at night sometimes with my binoculars or my telescope. I just thought I would lay out and look up in the daytime with my binoculars because I know at night I can see far more stars with them. While looking I saw what at first glance looked like the moon. (what I am describing in terms of my thoughts happened in split seconds) I then realized it couldn't be the moon because I hadn't seen it with the naked eye and it was too small through the binoculars. I believe the moon was not in an observable phase at that time, though I am not sure. It can be best described as having the appearance of a light bulb unlit. The bottom right hand corner of the sphere seemed to be darker. Through the binoculars, its size was about the size of a pea held out at arms length.(that's why I thought I was looking at the moon at first). It did not move when the binoculars moved so I deduced it was not a spot on the lense. I commented to my wife that I was seeing something different when it suddenly flattened, brightened, and 'shot' to the north. It wasn't moving when I first saw it. I lost sight of it as it went behind trees and never saw it again. I am my own harshest cynic. I have seen things before but was always able to explain them. This I cannot. I am a minister and I do not drink. I live in SW Pennstylvania east of Pittsburgh. The experience has left me very curious.
