{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-15 14:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529999","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25502","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3448,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/999/mufon-5529999.json","updb_database_id":5529999}
large sun-reflecting metallic sphere, stationary slightly above mountain, disappears

Between 2 and 3 pm on Wednesday, 9-15-2010, deciding to do a brief meditation exercise on my deck, I set up a chair in the shade on the north side of my home (a small DelTec house with all-around deck). I have a clear view from there of the Blanca Massif, 15 miles to the North, at about 330 true. This is also the view from my "office" (I'm retired)as I sit at the computer. It is a very clear, sunny day, and as it was quite warm (even at 8,500 feet) I was conscious of the house soffit providing shade at this spot. This permits me to know the time approximately.

As I have been retired to this house since the summer of 1999, and as my office has been at the same spot all this time, the nice view of the mountains is something absolutely well-known and routine to me. I have looked at exactly this spot no doubt more than thousands of times in these years.

But this time, to my immediate surprise, I notice quite clearly a sun-reflecting metallic sphere slightly to the right (east) and slightly up from Blanca Peak. (Angle from sun to object to me, about 60 degrees.) I feel immediately that it is something I've never seen before and quite large because I have lately been paying close attention to the aircraft passing above me here, ordinary jets and military aircraft are quite common, but lately I have been paying attention to them. With my unaided 20-30 vision I can make out the different shapes quite well as they pass over at, say, 35,000 feet, about 5 miles above me. This metallic sphere was definitely larger than the largest jet aircraft I see, and it was at least 15 miles away (distance from here to Blanca Peak). It subtended an angle about one half to three quarters the length of an overhead jet liner. I felt that it was beyond the mountain some indefinite distance, but not far.

Key fact: it was a sphere, and stationary. After about a minute, not much more, it moves slowly to my left, not far, perhaps one times its diameter, towards the mountain peak, and down. Then it fades away to nothing, in place.

I did not have camera or binoculars with me. No other witnesses. Subsequent glances out my window at the mountain do not show anything like this, as they never did. I have also actually seen one weather balloon in my time here -- much smaller, a different shape entirely, closer, and in a different direction. Military aircraft and helicopters pass over my house frequently, perhaps because we are near Laveta Pass on a line between Los Alamos and Pueblo/Colorado Springs.

Personal reaction: slow and puzzled. Nothing dramatic in this event, but it occurs to me that reporting it might corroborate someone else's sighting. I would be happy, but surprised, to hear there is a perfectly ordinary explanation for what I saw.
