{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-22 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486999","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72684","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3284,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/999/mufon-5486999.json","updb_database_id":5486999}
{rjl} Sudden green lights appeared above the road, stopped tn ok off rapidly

My husband took my cat for a ride to his office at around 2100. The cat had never been in a vehicle before. Needless to say when they got to his office the cat jumped out and was lost. My husband did not tell me about this until around midnight after I had become upset that I could not find the cat. Following the typical marital discussion of what a stupid thing I felt that was to do, we both got in my husband's truck and went the 3.5 miles to his office. The temperature had dropped to 28 degrees Fahrenheit and I was vey worried for the cat.
  During the next thirty minutes or so, i placed food, water and boxes outside for the cat in case we could not find him. I called friends who offered to come and join the hunt. They are night people , one of whom had just left our house around 2200. 
    After speaking with our friends on my cell I stepped back outside in the rear parking lot of the office. I was calling the cat and whistling for him. He is whistle trained. I opened the electric gate to the front parking lot and driveway to check for the cat in the front of the grounds. The fence gate opened by a push of the electric button effortlessly and I stepped across the gate threshold.
    All of a sudden I noticed a group of bright green lights in the sky. As a Flight Attendant, I know that there is no craft that is covered in all green lights during night flight. The moon was almost full and the sky was clear except for these lights which were just hovering above the road in front of me. I stopped calling my cat and begin walking toward the lights to see what it was. Just as suddenly as they appeared they took off in a southern direction so fast that the lights all blurred into what appeared to be one long green light with a descending tail. 
  The lights were so bright and odd. I ran to follow and hoped to see what it was that could do that but it was gone, just gone. The automatic fence then closed and locked me out. I called my hubby on his cell and he had to come outside to let me in because the combination on the electric fence would not allow the it to open.This was odd. 
  I told my hubby what I saw and he suggested we go home. I wasn't scared just confused. I always thought it might scare me if I saw a UFO, but it really didn't . It made me a tad nervous,but more than anything I was worried about the cat. 
   My friends showed up just after we drove off and called them. The cat was hiding under a tree and eagerly ran to the couple and sat in the lady's lap all the way home. I told my friends and she mentioned that green lights had been recently sited in our area.
