{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-29 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513999","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44245","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8525,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/999/mufon-5513999.json","updb_database_id":5513999}
{nd} in my backyard i noticed a bright light. went outside and it came towards me then flew over my house. a few (completely different) other UFOs came and passed. one landed on my lawn

I was sitting in my basement tonight (I have a ranch style house-normal floor and downstairs but no up stairs) with my dad and my mom came down yelling at him about a fight they had earlier. It turned into a big screaming mess between the three of us so I stormed out my basement door to my backyard to get some fresh air. Went back inside for a minute and while i was looking out my basement window I noticed these flying lights behind a tree but stopped paying attention quickly because the fight started again so again I stormed outside. I went and sat and faced the tree I saw the bright lights coming from. Id actually been keeping my eye on that tree the past few nights because I noticed a lot of lights coming from behind the tree recently but assumed it was a busy plane area or something...but at the same time, I like aliens, so in the back of my mind I was always questioning "Could that be a UFO??" but of course, it was always a plane. Tonight though the lights were really bright and there were a lot of them. When I first saw it I assumed maybe it was a helicopter search but again, in the back of my mind I secretly hoped it would be UFOs. Thats why when a pair of the flying lights started coming towards me I thought I was going insane. 

Remember, Im out here alone. My parents are inside fighting still and I know that because I can hear them. For some reason I didn't pay much attention to the light that was coming towards my direction. I was still riled up from what had been going on inside SECONDS ago then come out to these flying lights headed in my direction? I think it was so much of a shocker that I didn't really realize it was actually happening. For a minute, I genuinely thought I was just going crazy and seeing things so I didn't pay attention to it because I didn't want to think I was crazy! I was also trying to get my dog to stop biting my pants so I had completely looked away from the lights. I heard a boy yell for his dog to come in and wondered if it was because they saw the lights too. The next time I looked up at what I had convinced myself was an illusion, it was flying over my house and that was the last time I saw it.

I turned around to face my back yard again and saw another pair of the same lights coming towards me again. At this point I started paying attention. I started getting frustrated actually. I didn't know what was going on and what these were and if they were even actual things or my just imagination. And my dog was still biting my pants. I studied the lights and wondered if it was men working on the telephone poles. Or some neighbor who went over the top and got moving christmas lights. As I was watching it more lights from different areas started popping up from what seems like literally no where. Unfortunately, I really can not give too much description to what any of them look like. I was just trying to figure out what [Item moved/CMS/nd] (sorry) was going on. At this point I could spin in a circle and see one in every direction. If they didn't have lights I wouldnt have seen them. It was very dark and some of them were weaving in and out of my trees as well as my neighbors trees. One looked very huge, bigger than any of them, and black and robot type but I cant give you my word on that because of how dark it was and the fact i still wasnt sure if I was actually whitening this happening. I can describe one of them for sure though. it was in the shape of a boomerang/triangle. 
Kind of like this :  <(  
It was white with green and blue lights and maybe red but i don't think so. it had a black dome on top. It was definitely the prettiest one I could point out. I was standing in my fenced-in pool area of my backyard and it looked like the UFO was in either my non-fenced-in backyard area or in my neighbors backyard. Regardless, it was CLOSE, maybe 100 feet away. I feel like others got within 100 feet of me as well but they were never stopped, they just came to cut through my back yard and went over my house, and carried on. But since this one was stopped and the only one I could really see, (its whole surface was lighten up with lights - mostly white with blue and green circle shaped lights) I focused all my attention to it because trying to take it all in. It was only landed for a short period of time. 15 seconds? Then began to lift itself, flying straight up into the air. Once it got to a certain height, (about the height of my house) it started accelerating forward instead of upwards. Thats the time when I convinced myself these must all be some neighbors toy flying figures? That didn't last long though because I turned around and saw one that looked like a futuristic robot suit and no little kid would have a toy that Hi-Tech and expensive. So I thought maybe I have some really rich neighbors who are throwing a party where you can pick and choose different objects to fly. Realized that answer seemed a little ridiculous and also realized no human would have fit in the UFO I had just seen land.

So, I came to the conclusion that it was in fact, finally aliens. So being a 20 year old girl of course the first thing i do is grab my phone and call my friend. I called my friend who taught me everything I know about aliens. I figured shed be just as shocked and excited as me and head over but she didn't seem too phased when I told her. Maybe she thought I was crazy too. And maybe I was but while I was outside on the phone with her I still saw more UFOs flying in the distance. None were as close as before though. I turned to face my house, the direction where all the UFOs had been headed. I noticed how big and full and beautiful the moon was. The giant shine of the moon plus all the lights in the sky made for a pretty bright night. I think the last UFO I saw was the same as the first and second. It had the same lights and seemed like an old pick up truck mixed with a old fashioned car that was orange with purple. It looked as if it were maybe metallic? It seemed very futuristic and while it flew it left a light blue trail like a plane does but it lasted a much shorter length than planes do. I wondered if any of my other neighbors had been watching any of this too. I also wondered what the hell i just experienced, if it was even real or not. Too bad my only other whiteness was my dog who was still biting my pants.

After all the lights had gone i went and inside and wondered "now what?" Was that real? Am I just crazy? If i tell someone will they think Im crazy? Was that a planned something that people knew about? WHAT WAS THAT!!! But then my parents came down stairs to make peace and I was still annoyed with them so I didn't want to sit and chit chat about the UFO show I got to witness in our backyard thanks to their fight making me want to run outside. So I kept it to myself until somehow lights in the backyard got brought up in conversation with my dad. I explained what I had whittnessed and he told me his patient in Warren actually just described the same situation to him days earlier. We went to go see what was left of the UFO that landed (if anything) and it seems that nothing was left. There is a hole where it seemed like it landed exactly but that hole has always been there. I plan on checking again tomorrow morning when its light outside. 

It was just CRAZY and unbelievable and ridiculous and insane and amazing. I went online to look up other recent UFO sightings in Michigan and it just so happened that oh, theres been 340 reported sightings just this month. I was so happy to learn that because that meant what I saw was possibly witnessed by other people in Michigan too. Which means it wasnt just in my mind and therefore, thankfully, Im not crazy :)
