{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-11 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510999","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47387","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2368,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/999/mufon-5510999.json","updb_database_id":5510999}
(GS) flaming sphere flickering arcing path

(GS) at approx. 9pm on Saturday, a group of 6 including me were relaxing in our hot tub when the person next to me saw the object. when it came into my view, it was an orb the color of a strong fire. there was some flickering but the orange fiery light emitted remained constant through the arced path; despite its relative direction of travel to us. Distance and size was difficult to determine, but I would guess at it being about 1000 ft. up and about the size of a car. the light intensity was approx. the strength of a street lamp at 200ft. Distance from us would have been no more than about 1/2 a mile away. it traveled silently at a rate of approx. 5-7 degrees of view per second at its broadest section of its arc. lost sight due to distance, trees and other ground obstructions.

There were airplanes noted some time after the event, but it was obvious that what we saw was not an airplane.

everyone was generally excited and giddy over the event though I was likely the most enthusiastic as experiencing an event like this was on my bucket list.

The object returned 2-3 hours later from the same direction and arc, but further away, perhaps 5 degrees lower from our perspective and bringing our viewing lower into the nearby trees. a late comer to our gathering observed this second passing and thought they saw a more mechanical blinking rather than a flickering as first observed.

We unfortunately didn't have any recording devices with us; being around water, but I have made an overlay on a map that describes the likely flight path of this object based on where we saw it appear and leave from our position.
