{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-07-23 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290602","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112737","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5300,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/602/mufon-5290602.json","updb_database_id":5290602}
Silver-blue disc docked with round cluster of orange lights

I need to start out with some background...

When I was a kid, I watched many times with great fascination a 1952 documentary in black & white (as most documentaries were in the '50s) called "Project Blue Book" featuring an introduction by the USAF's top Public Information Officer, Major General Samford. I have since seen clips of MG Samford's press conference/introduction in other UAP documentaries, but never the whole introduction, nor the entire film [again].

This Blue Book doc showed actual film footage of different incidents of [seven to nine] daylight discs in formation in various locations (e.g., Great Falls, Montana; Tremonton, Utah; and the Dakotas---places, I'm "guessing," we had some ICBM silos.) In every case the slow-moving formation of silvery-blue discs would stop dead. Then one of the discs would go back in the same direction from which they came at moderate speed. Finally, the remaining formation would quickly take off on their original vector.

At that time, I also read about the then recent incident at Exeter, New Hampshire. A night-time, large round flying "thing" consisting of a cluster of round orange lights "buzzed" a fellow and he jumped into a ditch in avoidance. The horses on the farm across the road were reared up whinnying in panic and the dogs were also excitedly barking and howling.

Now, two incidents. The second relates to all of the above.

It is late Spring (June) 1967. Four other pubescents and I were actively playing in our backyard (39°08'38.4"N 76°32'31.0"W) in High Point (legally "Port Worth") of Pasadena, Maryland. It being early evening, the blue of the cloudless sky was beginning to deepen. Being the sky watcher that I was (and am) I noticed in the sky, south by southeast and just about 45° above the horizon, a red dot! The red dot smoothly and without any sound expanded to about the size of a basketball held at half arm's length. At some point the other kids started watching too and holding my arms up toward the expanding red form in the sky, I yelled out, "THEY'RE COMING!!!" And the other kids all laughed. About that point the expansion's color changed to orange and just kept expanding. When it finally stopped, this dead silent, aerial “strawberry danish" filled about a third of the sky.

About 10:30 on a clear night in late July 1967, my father was working on his 1952 Chevrolet 3100 (Western Dairy milk) truck in our driveway (39°08'38.8"N. 76°32'29.9"W). Abruptly he came rushing into the house telling me to get the binoculars because there was something, he wanted me to see. I grabbed the 7x35 binoculars from the closet and hustled outside to him. He told me to look up.

About a couple thousand feet up, slowly moving southwest, and approaching the azimuth vertical was a round, silvery-blue object apparently docked with a round orange object. Of course, there was no noise whatsoever. About 5° past azvert---nearly directly over our heads---the objects stopped.

Looking through the binoculars I could clearly see the silvery-blue object, and the orange object. The orange was definitely a cluster of round orange lights. And the two were definitely docked together! In relation to their forward motion of flight, the silvery blue was on the left and the orange cluster on the right.

In about half a minute they separated. With no obvious maneuvering nor turning, but with picking up speed, the silvery blue went back in the very same direction from which they came! Then the orange cluster quickly took off on its original southwest vector. (The silvery blue appeared to be the same as in the Blue Book doc, and the orange cluster fit the description from the "Incident at Exeter" in the original Reader's Digest article.)

Following our incident, my father said, "Something told me to look up."

Regarding the first incident: A little while later one of the moms [of the other kids] said she just heard on the radio that it was "a rocket test from Langley." That's a quick cover-up if I've ever heard one!

That dead-quiet, giant red and orange "bull's eye" in the sky was some kind of explosion either in the exosphere or thermosphere---or maybe even above the atmosphere! As a more learned adult, it makes me think of the explosions and battling Vimanas reported in the ancient Hindu Mahabharata.

Since those days, I have spent years in military intelligence living amongst all sorts of active aircraft, including analyzing non-U.S. aircraft, and I have never since witnessed anything like---or even similar---to what I saw in 1967. And I want to know what the hell they that were I saw!!!
