{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-04-09 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502602","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56397","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3081,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/602/mufon-5502602.json","updb_database_id":5502602}
pulsating Jagged lights

At this point in time I was a Global Moderator on a website and used to work overnight to intercept and scrutinise posts coming to our forum. At the said time I decided to get some fresh air at the window in my room as I am a smoker. As I pushed open the window I leaned on the sill and just generally looked around. As I turned to my left (to the south east) I noticed this said phenomena motionless in the sky. This item was of a circular nature of jagged pulsating orange light in a frequency of approximately three to four seconds. I dismissed this as to be of a Laser origin as we have a yearly air show and many lasers are used in a display in an evening party type atmosphere. I was of the opinion that this could be from someone trying out a new type of display; however the air show was months away. 
After approximately five minutes this light began to fade; as this light was fading I noticed that it was a beautiful clear star lit night/morning. I am no laser expert but it struck me as odd as a laser needs something to project on, example a cloud or a smoke generated via a smoke machine, however, with today1s technology I don1t know what can be achieved.

The following night/morning at approximately the same hour I witnessed the exact same phenomena only this time the colour was electric blue. Once again the sky was clear of clouds; this light was a copycat of the previous night. I have a video camera which was at hand and decided to record this phenomena, however it was set to auto focus and I am aware that the camera would not operate correctly so I was trying to set the camera to manual focus but annoyingly I fumbled too long; I eventually returned to the window however the light was fading so I missed this opportunity to capture footage.

Also just as a matter of interest; many1many years ago (approximately 1997) my Wife and I witnessed a star sized white object (on a clear night) moving toward us from the east at quite some speed and at a great height possibly thirty to forty thousand feet. This object came to a complete stop for a second or two then at impossible speed just flew to the north.

We reside in the north east of the UK in-between Newcastle and Sunderland in Washington New Town Tyne/Wear.

I hope these experiences are of some use to you. I am not a sky watcher and these experiences were by mere chance.If you would like any further information I will be more than happy to oblige.

Thank you

Mr J E Smith.
