{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-06-15 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496602","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62790","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2590,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/602/mufon-5496602.json","updb_database_id":5496602}
{rjl} Large cigar-shaped reflective craft flew smoothly and silently just over the trees around sunset and continued out of sight.

I was very young, indoors while my older sisters and a neighbor girl were outdoors and witnessed it completely while I only saw the aftermath. They came running inside in terror and wouldn't go out the rest of the night. It was reflective silver, cigar shaped, cruising smoothly over the trees lining the edge of the small remote lake. Afterwards, my oldest sister and I developed nosebleed problems, I had recurring dreams about "ugly old man doctors with big heads" and my sister later in life had a crystalline object removed from her arm. Despite the persistent dreams I would have about the "ugly doctors" and thinking I saw a Grey in the mirror when I would first look into it at my own reflection (no idea what that was about), I was not exposed to images of Greys until I was 8, (4 years later). Even before puberty I began to have recurring dreams about the daughter I was supposed to have when I grew up, who would be able to talk at birth, but this newborn baby had scary dark eyes. 
I eventually did have a daughter and while bright, she wasn't talking at birth (whew). Then one day when she was 3 years old, she told me the "white" alien people had taken her and me the night before, and they let her pet a yak and an alligator and were very nice to her but she wasn't too happy with how they made me "messy" and she pointed to a place on my upper left chest.
To the best of my knowledge, she hadn't seen any movies or materials that would make her imagine such a scenario. But then again, both she and her brother born after her have had uncanny talent for knowing precise details about what they did not and could not have seen.
I don't know what to make of all of it, other than there's more under heaven than is dreamt of in our philosophies.
