{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-28 06:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282602","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120848","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2393,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/602/mufon-5282602.json","updb_database_id":5282602}
Flickering type of light bar, very large and bright

I noticed that morning getting coffee downstairs that the sunrise was exceptionally colorful. I went upstairs to get a better view from my balcony which looks directly east towards Rancho Santa Margarita. Above Santiago peak which is the tallest peak from my point of view where there are radio and phone towers, I noticed this slow moving light flickering bar (uniformly flickering) maybe 1000-3000 ft above the peak that was exceptionally bright facing me above this peak. It was moving slow appearing to be moving south to north. I could not tell if this object was on either side of this peak meaning east or west of the peak. There were also several chem trail types of cloud streaks in the sky. The sun was not yet over the horizon so the light would of had to been on the other side of the object in order to create any type of reflection which possibly could explain what I saw. A couple of planes flew by going North either heading to Orange county or Ontario airport yet they were much closer to me and were silhouetted black against the rising sun. Of course I was mesmerized by the event and when I went to get my phone and finally had it focused on the spot it simply dissolved as if it had retreated directly away from me and took about 1/2 to 1 second to disappear. I did take a picture of the area in which it vanished. This is my first sighting and I know it sounds weird but it really was something that was very different. I just want to know if any other reports were also filed on this day from this same area or vantage point or from any flying passengers from the planes I saw. I did call the Lake Forest sheriffs dept about 15 min after this sighting to see if anyone else had reported anything and the answer was no.
