{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-06-10 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491602","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67960","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3030,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/602/mufon-5491602.json","updb_database_id":5491602}
{dr}I saw a metallic UFO with bright blue inscriptions

I was very young when i first came into contact with a UFO. I do not know how old I was at the time but i would say between the age of 5 and 10 thus making the year of the sighting between the years 2000 and 2005. It was a dark summer night and I was outside in my backyard with my two older brothers. I was jumping on my trampoline while my brothers were sitting on the patio 20 feet away from me. As i jumped on the trampoline I would always look towards these two very tall cell phone towers that were a few miles away from my house. The two towers were the kind of towers that were held up by long cables and have no internal structure so they are basically transparent. As i was jumping i felt this need to look towards those towers. When i looked toward the towers I saw something that i cannot explain, but still remember many years later. I saw a craft that was hovering ever so silently. This craft was like none i have ever seen before. It was huge. Probably larger than an commercial airliner i would say. It was shaped like a cigar and had curved edges with no points. It was metallic like a dull chrome. What really caught my eye was the blue inscriptions on the side of the craft that was facing me. The inscriptions glowed a rich royal blue color and it seemed to be some form of pattern that resembled a snake without curves but instead sharp 90 degree angles. I stared at this craft for around 10 seconds. I felt this weird connection to it. Like some sort of trance was but onto me and nothing else mattered. Nothing else i noticed except for me and the craft. I felt this feeling run through my body as if it was trying to communicate with me. It felt like electricity almost and i couldn't look away. For those 10 seconds i stared at it until my brothers started yelling at me to look up into the sky, and that is when a black stealth fighter plane flew over my house at a very low altitude. It flew so low that the who neighborhood shook. Once the plane past overhead i looked back up to the towers and the craft was gone without a trace. I asked my brothers if they noticed the UFO that i saw and they said they had no idea what i was talking about and told me i was seeing things that didn't exist. Yes i was a kid when i saw this UFO but i remember what i saw very clearly and i will never forget the feeling i felt from it. It changed my whole outlook on life.
