{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-12 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515602","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42550","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4912,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/602/mufon-5515602.json","updb_database_id":5515602}
(GS) Pulsing orbs 3rd night in week, and one triangle ufo on the 2nd night observing orbs

I am combining the last two sightings in this report because in the last two sightings, aside from the the "ship" we saw, it was the same kind of sighting. 

Last night around 8:00 PM me, my brother, and my parents were observing the same pulsating lights that changed colors. I had seen these same lights night before, and made reports which so please refer to that one for more details on the orbs. There were only 3 orbs when I first started watching the sky, but within 2 hours there were at least 10 and they were all over the sky, almost looked like they surrounded the town. They were moving less erratic then the previous night. They were moving in smooth measurable paths sometimes in circles sometimes up or down, followed by them staying in place and changing colors. 

The following is regarding a brief but very spectacular triangle ufo sighting, which occurred on the 12th while observing the flashing orbs. Around 9:30 we were in the drive way looking over our garage towards the west watching the brightest light act start to spin and flash very fast and bright, when my brother noticed what he thought was one coming towards us from the south. As it came closer we were clearly able to tell that the one light was actually three lights that were attached to a triangle shaped vehicle with structure. The object lowered its elevation quite dramatically as it flew closer to us. We were completely astonished at how it smooth and effortlessly it flew through the air. It started south west of us high in the sky moving north in our direction, and it was descending as it flew. It seemed incredibly close once it passed over our garage. It was close enough that we were clearly able to tell that it was not just three lights in formation but three lights attached to something with structure. It was dark, probably black and very slick or aerodynamic looking. After it passed the house and was moving away from us it then looked as though it had another 3 or 4 lights on the back of it instead of the one on each corner as we previously thought. 

Just before the UFO disappeared there was a large, blindingly bright, white light that came from something that was below the craft and up towards the sky, very close to the craft. I cant even begin to speculate what it could have been; it was literally a split second from start to finish. One thing I can be absolutely certain of is the white-light came from something below the triangles altitude and projected up towards it. The craft seemed to just vanish for a couple seconds and then the lights reappeared before just disappearing again for good. 

Nothing we observed that night made any noise at all, not the lights, not the bright light, and not even the craft that was so unbelievably close. I cant help but to speculate that having all three of these "phenomena" happen at the same time is not just coincidence. This is a pretty small town and there isnt anything of any real significance for over 20 miles, so I am quite lost as to any kind of reason why this very strange thing has happened 3 out of 4 nights in this very boring town. 

I was able to take a recording of two of the orbs I saw tonight. Please note that I only saw a few total the entire night and they were not nearly as mobile as the first two days I observed them. They were so far of in the distance that at one point I almost convinced myself they were stars until they were starting to disappear. . I am in the street looking to the East. From where I stand to the shore of Lake Michigan is around 5miles, so it1s possible that the light was above the lake. Please do not base the credibility of the triangle sighting , of this video of the orbs, should the orbs turn out to be something explainable. I can see the orbs having some kind of rational explanation, because it seems like they1re some kind of energy or plasma that1s concentrating itself for some reason, but the triangle that we is absolutely impossible to be explained by some kind of natural phenomena. Please feel free to email me if you have any questions or comments my email is [Email removed/cms/tg]
