{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483445","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76443","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3188,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/445/mufon-5483445.json","updb_database_id":5483445}
{rjl} Cylinder shaped, appeared large, no wings

I believe this took place during the first week of August, 2010, possible August 5th or 6th. (I noticed I sent an email to my brother about this on August 6, 2010). I was walking home from Ocean Park Library (2601 Main St, Santa Monica, CA 90405), heading south along 2nd street. The sun was on its way down so I am estimating it may have been about 7pm (as sunset would have been at 7:50pm), but it would have been earlier if it was August 6th, as the library closes earlier on Fridays.

Still on 2nd street, approximately 2 blocks before my home (3005 Main St., Santa Monica, CA 90405) I happened to look up at a number of birds sitting along a wire stretching between telephone poles. (The birds often due this just prior to sunset.) I saw something quite unusual in the sky behind the birds which I immediately thought perhaps was a rocket from vandenberg air force base, as it is normal to see large contrails of aircraft from vandenberg.(I have never seen a rocket from vandenberg.) It was flying SE, steady, smooth, at a good speed.

But almost at once I noticed that the front of this "rocket" did not taper, the object was instead cylindrical in shape. White or gray in color. No wings of any type. Some type of vertical marking near the back that was darker in color. The planes from Santa Monica airport fly quite low when taking off heading west and this was not one of them. I've seen large jets flying SE, I assume toward LAX, but one can easily see the wings, etc. And of course larger jets can be routinely seen very high up leaving contrails, but they can always be recognized as jets.

I watched this flying cylinder for a number of more seconds and then it was gone. I don't know what it was. I've since, for the past 6 years, looked up at jets in the sky when I am out walking, and I can always see the wings on them, even when sometimes the wings are barely visible. I have not seen anything like this cylinder again. I have been assuming that with the pending setting of the sun that there must have been an unusual optical illusion that completely hid all wings, tail fins, engines, etc., and made this appear to be a flying cylinder... Although it did appear rather clear and distinct to me at the time.

I thought I'd file this report in case there were others that also saw something unusual flying over Santa Monica/Los Angeles on the date I mention.

Again, it was probably a jet under very unusual optical conditions, or maybe something from vandenberg? But I thought I'd file this nonetheless.

~ Niko
