{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-25 21:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522445","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33614","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2765,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/445/mufon-5522445.json","updb_database_id":5522445}
Burning object hovered while pieces fell with trails of sparks, burning out. Main object became dark like a small dim star, then moved slowly away.

VANTAGE POINT AND SIGHTING DIRECTION
Standing at GPS coordinates (per Google Maps) (gps coord moved to FI box) cms 11/27/11 09:35 cst flg, if you face north and then turn eastward approximately 65 degrees, that is the direction we were facing. If you view this direction with Google Maps Street View, you see the power lines going above the apartments, garages and alley 1 the object we saw was hovering above the highest power line.
DESCRIPTION
A little before 10pm, my daughter and granddaughter had exited out my building1s back door. They called my phone from the alley to come out and look. I saw what appeared to be a burning object and thought maybe it was an aircraft or a meteor, but it did not appear to be moving and there was no contrail. Then we saw a big burning piece fall straight down from the main object. This piece was smaller than the main object, left a trail of sparks and embers, and seemed to burn out and disappear before it traveled a quarter of the way from the object toward earth. This happened two or three more times, additional chunks falling in similar fashion from the main object while the main object continued to hover and burn brightly - I say 1burn1 because it seemed to change shape and flare the way a fire does, and it was bright reddish orange and yellow like flames.
DURATION
This went on for 2-5 minutes (it is difficult to estimate the time since we were so stunned by this 1 it was unlike anything we1d ever seen before), and then the main object1s 1flame1 seemed to suddenly go out, although we could still see the object, now looking like a very dim star.
The dim spot remained stationery for another 30 seconds to a minute, then started very slowly moving downward. As it got below (from our vantage point) the highest power line, it appeared to start moving south as it also gradually sank lower 1 the southward motion seemed faster than the downward motion and we lost sight of it after 2-5 minutes when the building across the alley (east) from us blocked our view.
