{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-06 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489445","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70173","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4342,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/445/mufon-5489445.json","updb_database_id":5489445}
Close encounter I've been denying for 3 years

I was In an apartment complex in Lansing, MI. I lived in a 3 story building on the ground floor. It was the first week of June in 2012. One of my friends at the time suffered from frequent sleep paralysis and convinced me that my experience was the same.... however, nothing similar has ever happened to me... not before, not after... only the one occurrence... I don't know why I'm reporting it years later, maybe just because the memory is so vivid still and I think of it more often than I'd like to. I've seen reports of abductions since then and they seem very similar, but more involved many times. Mine was very brief:::: I woke up at 3:03 a.m. I cant believe I remember that. I could see the clock on the cable box... I had fallen asleep in front of the TV on the floor right in front of the couch (like a bum).... we had cable, but the TV was showing nothing but static and it was all I could hear. dull static and the living room to the left glowing almost in sync with a blue static... if that makes sense... I looked around the room and had looked over to the right side of the living room when I noticed a shadow from the left by the sliding door. As I turned my eyes toward the door I was stopped looking straight above me... there was a short humanoid grey figure above me staring down. I mean it didn't seem small at the time since my head was literally on the floor. It seemed like the biggest most insanely fearful thing I had ever experienced in my life times about 1000. It was the most sheer terror I have ever experienced and I am amazed that I didn't go into cardiac arrest or at least piss myself.... Within a second this 5 ft. tall figure went from a standing position to kneeling over me, face nearly touching mine. Big empty black eyes inches from mine while the static from the TV stuttered in the background. His (her, idk) head rotated a couple of times slowly side to side the same way I would expect to show curiosity over something I found on the ground as a kid.... At this point I was trying so hard to move or scream bloody murder that I felt like I was trying to break through some kind of field preventing me from doing so... I mean really at this point I was freaking out more than I ever had... I cant imagine being more terrified than I was at that moment. Put a gun to my head I wouldn't feel like my heart was going to explode the way I thought it would then. I've seen guns before at least!!! I read back on what I'm saying and the words do it no justice. Sheer. Horror.... Absolute. Indescribable. Immeasurable. Horror.... After The looks of curiosity for about 10 seconds I was out. Asleep. Unconscious. Gone. I don't know... I woke up on the couch at 7 a.m.... I woke up at 7 a.m. Hyperventilating with my heart racing at about 150 bps, sweating as If I'd just run 5 miles and questioning my own sanity, but I convinced myself that it was just a horrific nightmare,.... and when I described it to a few friends one of them took the immobility and fear to relate to his own sleep paralysis, so I accepted that this must have been it. That was not it. The memory of this has not left my mind in the 3 years since. When I am lucky a day or 2 passes when I don't think about it... and now I HAVE to watch all these alien shows half of which I don't even believe... as if I'm going to find some comfort or explanation within some expert opinion. Instead every time I hear a similar story I get chills and goosebumps and feel as if I need to sleep in a room with a single entry with my back to the wall.... often I end up outside staring up at the sky while still freaking out about what might be in the bushes to my left, wait no my right, wait no my left? Oh man....
