{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-06-22 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529445","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26080","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4477,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/445/mufon-5529445.json","updb_database_id":5529445}
my grandparents,myself and my brothers saw a bright light up in the mountain

the bright light seemeed like the moon rising but then it will move up and dim its light a bit then it will move right and flash its light like a star then turn off its light then it will go down to the starting point so it moved from point a to point b then point c and back to point c like a triangle upsaide down.in that mountain and on the same spot there is a hole that goes straight down the mountainu cant see the end of it cause is too dark.the town is called Nueva Italia in the state of Michoacan, this city was funded by italians in mexico back in 1912..after that in 1986 i had another experience in that same mountain(called el cerro de la cruz) there is a cave called la cueva de la virgen. or the cave of the virgin on the oposite side of the mountain but at the bottom of it. i went in there and as i walked into the cave there was like 5 glowing humanoids their bodies were white and really bright dressed in white and they were standing around a rock table with a big glowing crystal in the middle. they noticed i was in and they looked at me then suddenly the crystal got sooo bright it seem like a flash of light then suddenly i found myself walking not knowing where i was i looked around and i was about 5 miles away from where i originally was.my parents brought us to the states(my brothers and i) and in 1988 i was sleeping and i was awakened by a presence it was again a white dressed glowing being sitting in the couch just on front of me and staring at me. then i looked at it and it just moved a bit and dissappeared i told my parents about this..then in 2000-2002(don't remember exactly. i was put in jail for not paying a ticket since 1997 and i was 9 days in there. on the 9th day i couldnt sleep and i looked out the window i was desperate to be out since i don't consider myself a criminal. so on the 9th day like i said i was looking out the cell window when a ball of dark purpleish light came down from the heavens and stood on front of the cellwindow. then a flash of light blinded me for asec and a dark purpleish being appeared outside my window.his whole body was dark purpleish with what seemed to be lots of tiny glowing stars on its body and face he had what seemed to be like a cape attached to his wrists and arms. everything was glowing.his face elongated and it had a small mouth and nose with some big black oval eyes it stared at me and then it put its skinny elogated fingers and hand through the glass without breaking it. it caressed my cheek and it seemed to smile. then it took its hand out and stared at me like looking from something in my mind, then again it put its hand through the glass in the window and caressed my cheek again then without moving its mouth it said to me "don't worry everything is going to be ok" "time will consume itself and you will be saved" then it took its hand off and stared at me then a flash of light blind it me for a sec and the ball of light appeared again and then suddenly it took off back into the heavens. the following morning i was called by the guards to tell me that i was out..my mom had come to pick me up..since 1989 i have been doing some strange drawings, that people even ask me if i sell them but i always say no..and usually only my friends get to see them.i also have created my own alphabet changing every single letter to sometype of code. and i also have learned a lot about computers i can dissassemble a whole laptop and replace everything on it all the way to the motherboard, i have learned a lot of things and i never went to school for it.is like i wake up and i know some other thing.strange. all of these information has to remain confidential, the knowledge i have been given i will not share and i can show the drawings or letters by request and only via email u will not get to see them personally..
