{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-04-13 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548445","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"10324","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2256,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/445/mufon-5548445.json","updb_database_id":5548445}
Thought it was a graceful flock of glowing birds undulating across the sky

I was sitting outside in my backyard listening to Coast to Coast talking about seeing UFOs with night vision goggles and wishing that a UFO would appear in my sky as it had done another time when I was out there. I saw a few airplanes go by on their approach to Santa Monica airport, and I also saw a helicopter, but mostly I was staring at the Big Dipper and wondering if I could eventually see the little dipper, but alas there's too much light in LA for that these days. Then out of the North East I saw a flock of birds, or so I thought approaching me as I watched them get larger, I realized they were glowing ovals and not birds at all. They glowed a soft multi-color or mish mash of color, not clear white, but as they were overhead I could see that they were a formation of ovals and not birds at all. I started screaming for my son to come outside, but he didn't hear me. It passed directly overhead and made no noise at all. The whole formation sort of looked like a boomerang shape but not exactly as it was more extended on both ends so as to be in the shape of a sweatheart neckline. BUT the shape was not solid, it was made up of many glowing ovals and it undulated a bit like a snake or maybe more like a butterfly only gently moving its wings. I watched it until it disappeared into the brightness of the moon which is to the west of me right now. I held up my hand and at arm's length it was about the length of two pointer fingers when it was directly above me, or maybe a little bigger directly above me and that was the length that it was when it was angled above me.
