{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-29 21:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454676","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106936","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5622,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/676/mufon-5454676.json","updb_database_id":5454676}
{cak} red pulsating, another appeared tumbling then headed west connected w/ pulsating one then left heading west until faded out with no elevation

I reside in the western Mountains of Maine.I can observe three Popular mountain Ranges consisting of Sugarloaf, Mt. Abram, and The Bigelows. I also reside Halfway between the North Pole and the Equator.with many popular Native American dig sites that surround me.
While at my computer on Feb. 29th I saw a huge red pulsating light along the Mountain Ridge.It reminded me of an Ambulance. I began researching on my computer at an attempt to rule out any windmill projects in the residing area that project red lights and a new electric corridor that we are anticipating construction of.
While looking out, to the right of the pulsating object appeared another. Almost as coming out of another dimension or portal.
I described it as a flag being used at a car raceway and recently read about a sighting in Orrington Maine that described the Craft as tumbling. It was ahead of the pulsating light and when it was relatively in front of it ,it turned and headed towards the pulsating ship.When they combined or aside of each other the pulsating stopped and it or they headed west to the horizon and faded out but never achieved any elevation.
At 2:45 am [ the same following morning ] while outside with my dog I looked up and a few hundred feet above my trees, a black triangular ship was approaching with flashing red lights . It was black as I could make its color out against the sky. I have described it as a kite that has taken wind making all different maneuvers. It was completely silent.
i could no longer watch its activity as I was very frightened from the previous sighting. I took my dog and ran in the house.To frightened to look out .
While in a town 15 miles South from me, a few days later I was looking for an item in a Store and a young man from Solon was assisting me. I was sharing my sighting with him when a young man with his teenage son turned and looked at me stating, " I saw that UFO in Solon behind the Church on Route #201." Also, " I have a Video of it." 
His mother was killed in 1981 in an auto accident that was a National UFO Story as a Red Craft with bright lights following individuals in the evening hours.. She was travelling at a high rate of speed and missed the corner. When her body was discovered her sunglasses were by her with body tissue on them.That Story is UFO over Starks Maine.
In 1982, 4 of us traveling South on Rt. 84 in N.Y. had a close encounter with a Hudson Valley UFO. Two of us have no memory after that siting until walking into a family home in Boyertown Pa. the following morning. After that we had no AM Radio Stations. Only complete Static. 
I have not gotten together with the individual to view the Video as we have been preparing for the Medical issues surrounding our Country.
Not sure if there is a reason that we met with our previous History. 
I have seen the ship three times since then. It appeared one evening recently and out my window it just magnified itself and almost like projected itself forward and fell.This was a white light with some red.
The other evening while taking the dog out , I noticed a flash on the ground.While looking up through the limbs it appeared to show itself as an Airplane in flight.However: it was not traveling in a straight line.All at once it disappeared where one might think it went behind a cloud, however: it was a clear evening as the moon was rising in the east.
My most recent sighting was again at my computer and it appeared again white and magnified itself,
I have resided here for 9 years and have been viewing these consistantly for that length of time. Always red and never in the East and only one near sighting in the North while walking my dog at night.That direction North was the closest I had seen it before recently. It was red with white.
I had always been humbled by them and would never show any surprise if the Second Coming of Christ is Jesus walking out of a UFO. I predict it...
That is up until now.
I have no longer been able to walk my dog in the evening or remove my snow at night.
I live alone and I am very remote in the area. Residing on the highest elevation around
I have even considered moving.
There is also an event that was investigated in the 1960s in Bingham Maine. Eight miles North from me.
I no longer have the Article as someone did not return it to me.The Ship had landed and 2 young girls had also seen a figure in the ship.
I believe my area is a hot spot in any comparison to any other in the USA...
I look forward to seeing the Video and also hearing from you.
I had provided another report on a different website and the sighting has not been posted.
I also have major health issues and would not be able to have any Physical contact with an individual or individuals until our Health Crisis in Our Country comes to a halt.
Thank you for your interest in this matter...
Respectfully,
[named removed]
