{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-11 18:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478676","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81449","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4323,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/676/mufon-5478676.json","updb_database_id":5478676}
we observed 3 types of UFOs: 3 were organg/yellow orbs manoevering, 1 was greyis with appendansges folllowin power lines and 1 was saucer-shaped and silver

Where you and what were you doing at the time

My wife was driving and i was in the front passenger seat. When we were approximately 1/2 way back home to Port Greville from Parsboro which is about 19 Km. distance. We were 10-15min from home in an area that provided a great view of an orange sunset.
 
We then noticed what appeared to be fireballs and we assumed they were a meteor shower but then we noticed something out of place as 3 orange globes were traveling at various speeds/altitudes/hovering and were leaving behind a trail which vapor but more of a shock diamond trail which appeared to be longer as the speed increased

speed,greater matched their orange colour, the 3 orbs There was 3 of these objects but I never saw the one with vibrating appendage (I'll refer to him as spidey) until I looked at the pics at home. It stayed at power line l.ntil we got home then lost him.

We lost sight of the orbs just before arrving home but spidey went over us one final time and this is when it changed colour from grey to red, green white but I'm not sure if was the body or the appendages that were changing colour. 

My Samsung couldn't focus on it in time to get a pic of this event.

When we arrived home the 3 orbs were still doing officer of the watch manoeuvers. I tried to capture the orbs on my Nikon 3200 but distance became a problem as it moved west over Spencers Island 

I did capture a couple shots of the orbs and then I noticed one of the last pictures contained a saucer like object at about 5000 ft (a

2. What made you first notice the object? 
'
On the drive home we were commenting on the spectacular sunset when we came to a point where where the tree line hills and distance prevented us from locating them. 

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed 

That they were a meteor shower.

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions

The objects raced erratically and contained the following events:?hovering/speeding up/down/changing altitudes. The spidy one was overhead when it changed from grey to green, white and red. However my camera t00k too long to focus on the object and we missed the shot

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions

My wife still doesn't believe in ufos but i'm convinced now. We initially were excited but when we went the final hill had to up a hill with fading light and spidy ufo right over top of us, we were geting a bit nervous, but we did get some fair photos even through car windows at 50 kmh and in hills and forest. 

6. How did you lose sight of the objects
We lost sight of the objects when the were approxiamelty 20 kms disance as they proceeded in a westernly direction over Spencers Island
jecs

NOTES

NASA Unexplained Segment that has an x-15 pilot described a ufo. The grapic displayed in the that looks exactly like my spidy ufo.S5 

Main camera SAMSUNG 4 15 mpixels

Secondary cameraNikon 3200D
.
At minute 53 I' changed over to thie Nikon, and captured 4 events. You will have to zoom in quite a bit from the orignal photos. I may not have picked up everything in thesee photos with my graphic S/W.

no other winess only 32 bods live here.

Proceeded west over spencers island and then disappeared behind the hills.

Looking forward to see what you can see

Cheers and have a fine Navy day.[Name removed/cms/tg]

NOTE: I am sending the photos separateliy as it doesn1t like one of them.

Also zoom in on all photos as I might have missed some with my basic zoom feature in the graphics package I have.
