{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-06-04 15:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491676","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67885","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3463,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/676/mufon-5491676.json","updb_database_id":5491676}
{dr}Several observations in southern california during the 1970's

Around 1975 several family members of mine went to the beach and when they got back home they told us (those that did not go) that a UFO had followed them back matching speed and staying on one side of the freeway or the other hundreds of feet off the ground. Now the truth is we saw UFO's at least 4 times back in the 1970's and as it is now 40+/- years later, 2 of them were while being followed in a car. Now I believe it was this occasion that my dad set up a small telescope in the top of one of our vehicles in our driveway facing North-East (mostly East) towards Highgrove Calif. In fact I have that telescope with me right now: FOCAL 15X-45X40mm telescope with metal tripod. This was not the first time that I had seen a UFO, prior times I remember them being glowing objects like a fluorescent bulb, I knew there was structure but my eyes could not see beyond the glow. I went out the front door to the telescope by my self a few minutes after they had come in, around 11PM. I could see it about an inch wide in my view thru the telescope. It was aspirin shaped with a dome on top. I could see a metalic grey structure thru its glowing halo. The thing that struck me the most was how thru the telescope I could see running lights moving/spinning around the bottom (right to left) but neither the true shape nor the lights were visible without the telescope. There were at least 3 different colored lights all next to each other so they spun as a group and were square or rectangular NOT round.

The other time I'm writing about is our experiences at Hunter Park (now Hunter Hobby Park). located on Iowa avenue between Columbia avenue and Marlboro avenue in Riverside Calif. We'd go there to play football, frisbee, fly kites and ride the small train. One time I clearly remember is flying a kite and spending more time paying attention to a UFO hanging out over the Bad Lands straight East of the Park. The Bad Lands run between Redlands and yucaipa one one side and what is now Moreno Valley on the other. This UFO was Cigar shaped and was constantly doing acrobat x. It would stay in one place where is like a cigar horizontally laying down but then would constantly flip up or flip down on one side or the other. We were miles away and it was thousands of feet in the air so we can see it making major moves in distance as well. For one moment it would be in 1 spot doing its acrobat x and then it would like move in a blur you knew it moved, at times a few miles and there it was again at a full stop just a second or two later doing its acrobat x. In retrospect I believe it was watchin March AFB. March at the time was a Military Airlift Command base with B-52's probably nuclear ready bombers at the time. what I saw it do what we saw it do is well beyond anything I believe we can still do today.
