{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-09-18 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290676","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112663","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3720,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/676/mufon-5290676.json","updb_database_id":5290676}
Triangle

Out in my back yard in Valencia, Ca. 
I felt a compression or a change in atmosphere. The air felt heavy like pressure. I was looking at the stars as I liked to do out in the spa. My gaze shifted focus when I felt the pressure like a wind but more of a vaccume effect. Out of nowhere on a still night. My memory is somewhat fragmented because if panic or stress but there suddenly was a huge black triangle of "sky" falling out of the sky with a mist of grey or dark smoke like it was burning the sky as it descended. It came to rest about 30 ft over the townhomes to my left, the west. I couldn't comprehend what I was seeing. It leveled out and hovered slowly moving forward over me and my house, it was absolutely gigantic, like two or three football fields in size! It floated back more over the corner of my house and I could see under it. It was so black, like the absence of light, non reflective, like it was covered in worn tire
rubber. There were lights (1) at each corner that looked more like vents for a glowing red yellow and white flame burner that flickerd in an illusory wave pattern. (My best description) . Hovering there as it slowly crossed over me, I felt it do close like I could have touched it. It was silent, only a strange electrical static feeling and initially a pressure wave. It turned toward the north east mountains and slowly headed off and up. It gained speed quickly and then began to disappear in a heat wave like you see the watery look of over a hot road or in the dessert. Like a mirage cloaked it. Then it was just gone. I wa yelling for my husband to come outside but he missed the whole thing. I don't know if anyone else's anything but I never heard anyone talk about anything like that. I never said anything except to my family. Not for fear but more of the fact that I also seem to have about a half hour of time missing and fractured memories of also seeing it wayyy up high in the sky and turning over my house in a separate direction. But those memories only came to me after a series of dreams and I cannot tell what was real or as I say an inky part of a dream. What I'm describing is to the best of my knowledge what happened in sequence. I was shook out of my wits with excitement and terror. About a year later around the same time of year, early fall, but about 2-2:30 am I was upstairs in the bathroom. The small window was open and I was looking out over the planted greenbelt when a large basketball size orb / round ball of extremely beautiful colorful light was spinning at extraordinary speed around a light pole over the high school football field light across the street just past the greenbelt, in a tight spiral up and down the pole. When I I saw it I said out loud, "no way!" It was as if it heard me because it immediately stopped spinning and jutted out about 10 ft from the pole then dropped out if sight straight down with a flash of light trailing it. I waited up nearly the whole rest if the night waiting to see more but never did. Out of these two events, I think the most amazing part is that I seem to be the only one who saw anything.
