{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493676","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65834","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2647,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/676/mufon-5493676.json","updb_database_id":5493676}
{dr}never saw the ufo i think i may have been abbductdr a couple of times

I woke up really in the morning and went into the garage which was kind of like the guest room and sat down on the bed and felt strange and laid down again im not sure is I fell asleep or what but for a period of time I was in this endless black abyss with an old television set. the screen was static and for some reason I knew that this was different and I was had been studying Islam so I acknowledged the presence by saying ,"peace" and it replied the same. Then I said" All praise is do to Allah the beneficent and merciful" It replied ," we are not Allah." I asked ," who are you?" They told me that they were her first. Eventually after hours of them speaking to me through a television into my mind they showed me a series of pictures and information and an exrremely rapid rate I cant even attempt to recover it all . then I woke up in the bed. and tried to write everything down at the time I remembered a lot more I seem to have misplaced the paper over the years but I still look for it at least once a month... I also found a strange mark on my lower right leg on the inside towards my ankle and the Dr. refused to look at it. and ive never seen anything like it before... ive had a few more experiences since then. Im not sure what they are or how to classify them but I wasn't sure of who else I could talk to and try to figure this out.. Maybe im just dreaming but whats the thing in my leg and where did I get the information. I get these maesage every few years sometimes while im suppose to be asleep wher I leave and go other places with thousands of other people and we are shown things. such as its not what most people think of God. the answer is in the stars. the answer to all religion is in the stars. I just want to know if im Dreaming or if im really doing these things and I want to recall the information that I wsa given. Please help me... Its been following me for years im living in south Carolina now and its happened twice here as well.
