{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-08 21:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515676","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42476","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2790,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/676/mufon-5515676.json","updb_database_id":5515676}
(GS) saw a saw 2 triangles followed by some spheres in a straight silent formation

My family and I were camping and fishing at the Lake Brownwood State Park this past weekend. At exactly 2104 hrs on Saturday, September 8th, 2012 I was sitting outside our trsavel trailer cooking on the grill with my two boys, ages six and four. My lawn chair was facing east when I caught movement in the sky coming from the north east heading south west. My initial thought was that I was seeing an airplane towing a banner behind it, but then realized that there were no blinking lights at all like you would expect from aircraft, and whatever it was, it was completely silent. The leading set of lights were several red lights arranged in a triangle formation, followed by the exact same design comprised of blue lights, and followed by about three yellowish or orange spheres. I could not tell if all three were part of one object or three separate objects, only that they were moving in perfect formation in a stright line and none of them blinked at all. I have never seen anything like it before in my life. I pointed up at it and told my boys look, a UFO. They both saw it, I told my little one to run inside and get momma, and he did. They were moving at a pretty fast pace, but if she had come out immediately, she would have still seen it as it continued SW. She didn't come out until several minutes later and proceeded to admonish me for scaring the kids. She said I probably just saw a shooting star. When she said this, my four year old agreed, but my six year old even knows what he saw was definately not a shooting star. I have seen shooting stars and comets and satellites in orbit, airplanes, jets and helicopters, blimps and balloons. Im not sure what this was, but it was none of those. This was something I have never seen before in my forty years of life. Her reaction and humiliating insult caused me to second guess wether or not I should even report this for fear of ridicule, but it has been on my mind and I am curious if anyone else saw these lights that same night. The entire sequence lasted only 15-20 seconds, but I looked at the time as soon as they were out of sight. it was 2104 hrs.
