{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-16 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452676","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108960","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2849,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/676/mufon-5452676.json","updb_database_id":5452676}
One unknown object (or satellite) shot down second unknown object (satellite?).

It was a nice August evening with no clouds and being up north still some light after the sunset. It was around 1 hour after the sun had set. I was out having a cigarette. I've been interested in satellites since I was young (I've been a satellite DX:er and like also to check overpasses). I often check out the sky to see if there's any overpass. 

I noticed one object (1) that was pretty bright looking like a satellite that is reflected by the sun. Considering the speed my guess was it was a satellite at an altitude of around 3-400 km. The reflection was constant so a guess was it's one of the round conical satellites, since the reflections usually are constant. The lower the orbit of a satellite the faster the overpass and this was one of those faster ones. It was passing from the south to the north. 
Next, behind the object, around 6-8 degrees, came the next object (2). The reflections weren't as constant as with the first, so it had to have a different shape. This object (2) was following in the same speed and seemed to be at the same altitude. 

Considering it was a few years ago I found it interesting to see two satellites at the same time, especially following, so I studied them even more carefully. 
After around 30 seconds of observation it looked like the following object (2) faded slightly and shortly after the first object (1) shine up shortly, like in a flash or like if exploding, and then completely disappeared from sight. The second object (2) continued its trajectory like if nothing had happened and after 15 seconds or more it faded away, something that took around 10-15 seconds.
After that there was nothing.more to see. There was no sound from any of the objects, not even when exploding or whatever happened there. I believe that supports my guess that the objects must have been high up in the atmosphere or even above the atmosphere. On the other hand considering it impossible to provide exact altitude the size and the speeds of the objects in my observation could be wrong (the objects could be small and fly at a lower altitude than I wrote or larger and fly faster at a higher altitude. It's impossible to give en exact number).
