{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490676","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68899","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2775,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/676/mufon-5490676.json","updb_database_id":5490676}
{nd} A large close saucer shaped craft seemed to slow down time on purpose. It seemed to fall out of the sky in a swooping very seamless motion but was silent, it was initally sideways and turned exposing the bottom with induvidually spaced lights

I was sitting outside with my boyfriend by our backyard fire pit looking up (this seemed as 
Though i was drawn to the exact spot in the sky before it happened) I saw what initally stunned me and I split secondly wrote it off as a shooting star. But it was as though it slowed down time specifically so i could see it. Im pretty sure it was only in the sky for at most 10 seconds it was extremely fast and almost fell ouf of the sky in a swooping down motion and abrubtly turned at a steep angle straight up and dissapeared. My boyfriend saw the last part when it changed direction and dissapeared so we know this is hard to disporove with modern science laws. and then there was the difference in the way time moved when i was watching it. It felt like i was being selected and time slowed down just for me so i was able to witness in slow motion the craft rotate to the side in a fluid motion so the bottom was facing me exactly and i could see the individually and eaually spaced lights which were white and pulsating in a pattern with a larger light directly in the center. I saw this for what must have been meerly a second but lasted for what felt like 2 minuets. I was stunned so much i couldnt speak or move to gesture towards it so my boyfriend could see (this felt like i was screaming inside "ARE YOU SEEING THIS!" but nothing could come out) until it rotated back so the bottom was again parallel to the ground and in a split second changed direction at a 90 degree angle faceing up and dissapeared the last thing we saw was the direction shift and a brief trail of light in the direction it was going but it completely dissapered. I have never experianced anything like this in my life and i am an extremely logoical and scientific person. I am undoubtedly positive this was a ufo and it wanted me to see it.
