{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-05-13 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487676","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71981","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3254,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/676/mufon-5487676.json","updb_database_id":5487676}
Inter-dimensional entities entered into our dimension in 1988

In 1988 I was a student in a boarding school in Israel. the boarding school hosts American students as part of a delegation of Jews students.

the delegation had to leave Israel after spending two months in a boarding school.

That day in erly evening i slept for about an hour in the room when I woke up  and I opened my eyes when flash of strong blue light explose fungus shape (like an atomic mushroom shape)
appeared in the center of the room It lasted about a two second. I dident take it seriously, I thought it was certainly eyes disorder.

I walked out from my room into the dormitory hall that was dark i walk toward the showers to wash my face  in the showers i tried to turn on the light, but they did not  work but i still I wash my eyes the ceiling began to flick with blue lightsi  lifted my head up and watch those squares shape  colored neon blue that flick like mors code I watched them for several seconds I thought it was flashes of fluorescent lamps.

Outside, I met my friend david was a warm summer day so I suggested that he accompany me at the edge of the collar water device that was at dormitoryof the American students.

the place was deserted Americans left the area a few hours before to the air port back to usa the sky that day was cloudless with moonlight over , loud sound of frogs and crickets accompanied us when we wolk to the collar drinking water back as we were walking.

We noticed something strange noise of crickets and frogs suddenly stopped and low voice whispers Sounds our ears at first it was difficult to understand the meaning of Whispers.

my friend panicked and ran away back to the apartment building I was left alone in the compound.,the whispering voice Heard loud and clear, it was a woman's voice it was very soft and gentle she said in Hebrew the word "come to me" these words are repeated several times,i try to understand the position of the woman whisperer, but I have not found the exact positionI i thought it was Prank so I was not afraid, the full moon light was enough for me to see the compound was empty, abandoned ,suddenly appeared white to blue light Engineering rectangle on the ground size one meter approximately  ,i approached and looked and Search for the source of light may lantern illuminates the building no external light source projection it light itself in iner own source .

I stood over the rectangle and put my right leg for a few seconds my legs dim blue light
I was fearless but when I connected the light - to the female soft voice and to the bizar mysterious lights I filled with extrem fear so I ran fast away.
