{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-14 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471676","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88785","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2961,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/676/mufon-5471676.json","updb_database_id":5471676}
{cak} Thought it was a satelite, until I saw it stop, hover, change direction, stop, hover change direction, do a small circle and stop

I went outside about 7 PM to see how cold it was, and while I was outdoor I remembered that a meteor shower was reported on the weather, so decided to let my eyes get accustomed to the dark in hopes to see some meteors. Saw a bright moving light, star like, and thought, oh a satellite, as it was at that altitude I normally see a satellite, and I will watch that while I was there. I am very familiar with satellites, have seen and tracked many over the years, and thought gee this one is much brighter than normal of those I usually have seen. Object was moving from North to South on a slight angle. It got about ENE, just above a pine tree, I used as a reference point, with no tree limbs obstructing my view, and the object stopped dead, hovered for a minute or so, then changed direction 180 degrees to the North. It went a short distance, say about an two inches or so in the sky, a decent distance that I could gauge, and stopped again, reversed again 180 degrees, went about half the distance back the same path to the South, and stopped again. It then did a small circle, say about a 1/2 in in diameter, kind of wiggling as it went in the circle. It then continued on a path to the South and stopped. All the while I was watching I could not believe what I was witnessing, and wished I had my phone. Once it stopped, I watched a minute or so, and since it was still, I ran inside to get my phone, my wife asked what was the problem, as I was almost running told her I am watching a UFO and wanted to get my camera. I had took notice of the position, using he pine tree as a maker, it was about 5 degrees above the tree, in a very clear sky. When I got back outside, no more than a minute, it was still in the same location, but perfectly still. It never moved again, while I was watching for the next 5 minutes. Wife was probably rolling her eyes, as I pointed it out to her, but it never moved again. After 5 minutes, and since it was about 14 degrees , I went back inside. While I was outside with the camera, I tried to record the object, in the event it moved again, but I was unable see anything on the video. I know what I saw, it moved stopped hovered, circled, changed direction and moved a good distance across the sky.
