{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-29 23:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502995","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55981","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5408,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/995/mufon-5502995.json","updb_database_id":5502995}
{kt}View unexplained large pulsating bright light/orb. Made several directional changes. Pulsated white/blue/red to blue asterik shape, then small dot... then ascended at tremendous unexplained speed out of view.

Before I relate my experience of this past Tuesday, April 29 2014, I must tell you my background. I am currently an "airline pilot" with 34 years of flying experience, and over 28 years as an airline pilot flying all types of aircraft under FAR Part 135 and FAR Part 121. I am currently based in Fort Lauderdale, FL, (KFLL) with a major airline flying as a Captain on the Airbus 319/320/321. I am typed in the B1900, B737, DC9/MD80, and A320. I have ailine experience flying all over the world.

This event took place very close to Fort Lauderdale Airport. I have been flying to (KFLL) since 1996 and I am very familiar with the area, the airport traffic flow, the airspace restrictions and the final approach sequence for landing including the approx. areas of the Final Approach Fix for the normal landing on Runway 10L (left).

Suffice to say, I know where airplanes should be and I know where they should NOT be if they have no intention of landing in KFLL on Runway 10L.
This object I saw was obviously not landing on 10L and should not have been in the final approach corrider. 

I approximate the object/orb/light to have been about 1500-2000 ft. between the final approach fix NOVAE and PIONN.These GPS fixes are noted on the ILS 10L Approach Plate for KFLL. That would place it approximately 8-10 miles due west of KFLL on the 270 deg radial. 

My family and I, along with many thousands of Bruce Springsteen fans had just begun leaving the completed concert held at the BB&T Center on Panther Parkway, Sunrise, FL. As we were coming out the front doors with thousands of fans, I noticed a group of people pointing and staring in the southern sky. I looked up to see what they were watching and saw the following:

A extremely bright, pulsating round white light appeared to be slowly moving north toward the arena. I immediately assumed in was an aircraft on base leg getting ready to make a right turn to land at KFLL. The landing light, or what I though was a landing light was extremely bright. Thinking back it really was to bright to be an aircraft but I figured it could be.

It started pulsating from bright white to pulsating blue to red to back to blue, etc. It slowed and I thought it had begun a turn to the east to set up for landing but it appeared to stop in mid-air. The bright light then changed to a star pattern like design but the best I can describe it... is apppeared to be like a bright blue ASTERIK just like this *. At least 3, maybe 4 but I believe 3...crossed lines of bright blue crossed lines....steady....not moving...stationary. 

Before the ASTERIK design appeared, I kept trying to dismiss this event as first.. a jet aircraft inbound to KFLL from the south. But no noise could be heard and the landing lights were too bright for a jet. Then when it appeared to stop in mid-air I figured it to be a helicopter. But still no noise. Then when the star-asterik (*) pattern appeared, I assumed maybe it to be a helicopter with advertising on the skids...but no written message or ad appeared, just the bright asterik design.

Seconds later the asterik immage disappeared but a small white orb/light stayed. It then made two or three extremely fast, zig-zag flight maneuvers that I have never seen any wordly flying aircraft make. It then suddenly stopped... and and then shot straight up out of sight and an extreme rate of speed that I can not explain not have I ever seen an aircraft or helicopter do before.

This whole incident only last about 1 minute from the time I saw other people watching something to the time it shot upwards to the stars and disappeared.

I tried to see if the object was still around but the crowd was sort of moving me along as I was in the way of the mass of fans leaving the front doors of the concert. As I walked to my car, tree tops in the parking lot began to obstruct my view and my family and I had become separated. I made my way back to the car and watched the sky for a few minutes and did not see anything else. My 16 year old son witnessed basically the same phenomina I saw. 

I wish I had thought to film this with my phone but it happened so fast that had I got my phone out of my pocket, waited for it to turn on, frame, focus in dark sky, etc. I am sure I would have missed the event but I feel reluctant now that I did not at least try.

The weather that evening was clear skies. No clouds that I can recall, Visibility was good to excellent, temp. in the low 80's. I could not make out any shape of the object. Only the bright pulsating light that changed colors and shape as described above.
