{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501995","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57037","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6130,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/995/mufon-5501995.json","updb_database_id":5501995}
Regular entries of two, three and one lights (bright objects) consecutive respectively three near days. Same method, same distance, mathematical scheme of movement.

It was spring and I was smoking a cigarette on the balcony of my home, near evening, before dinner, as usual. I observe the sky since always, because I love clouds and stars, so I was simply thinking, contemplating the firsts stars that come after the sunset. That day there was a low soft cloud in the sky that was moving fast, pushed by the wind. When the cloud disappeared, I saw some stars, but between them was one different.

I noticed a bright dot white/gold/yellow in the sky, really similar a star, but I had never seen a similar star in that point of the sky. It was too vivid, clear, lively. So I waited a couple of minute, watching that occurrence and lighting another cigarette. During those two minutes, the light seemed moving toward the Earth, that is, it seemed to become bigger. But until then was just a sensation.

After those two minutes, it was clearly becoming bigger. It was getting close to the atmosphere. The first feeling was that a meteor was pointing me, even if it banal, I thought that and I was afraid. Then that light drastically enlarged herself in few seconds, as a meteor does when entering completely in the atmosphere and the air attrition burns it in a great light, but it is not so big than that light.

So in those few seconds, it became from the size of a grain to the size of a globe wide than a half moon. After this it disappeared, without crush, flash or fragments, nor sounds (I live in a quite silent mountains region). It simply disappeared after being expanded.

So, for two minutes I observed a dot wide as a star in the sky, then for near thirty seconds it expanded until the size of a small grain, then in five seconds that thing became big as a little moon. Then disappeared.

I started to feel that something was not ordinary when I saw happening again the same equal event, no more than forty seconds after the first. In the same exact way, in the same exact point of the sky, same direction. I felt as I had a dejavu. That dot in the sky was up there again, like the first, and did the same. I understood I wasn't so unlucky to see two meteors that mechanically pointed me, but it was something else, not natural.

The day after, at the same hour, all of this started again but with three differences: A) This time were three lights (or bright objects I cannot know). B) I saw this occurance from the beginning: I saw the first dot appears slowly in the sky beetween stars from nothing and the rest was the same of the day before. C) Was in another position of the sky: a little bit right than the day before and the direction was no more directly toward me but a little bit off-axis compared to my position. I could observe this clearly when they became greater, and so, nearer. They had an almost lateral direction compared to me, so in the last part of their journey became clear they didn't point toward me. Thanks to this, I saw they were not perfectly round lights and I'm not sure if inside that lights I saw something of grey, because when nearer and greater they were really radiant and I was not able to watch directly to them. Then, the window of "near observation" lasted not enough seconds.

I didn't see other for some days, but near five days after I saw another one. This time I was late and I saw only one that was already enlarging himself. And there were thick clouds this time. The light/object was in another part of the sky on the right and again with another angle of direction compared to the horizon.

In the end, the first event had presented an angle of descent between 45 and 55 degrees respect to the horizon, the second near 60 and the third almost 70. The events were each time more to the right and in some way farther in relation to longitude. Looking at them I was looking in the west horizon. Those things disappeared at a height of more than 5000 meters. (First event cloud's height near 3000 meters, third event cloud's height 4000 meters. They disapperad above the clouds height. Pretty sure of this, in the first and second event they were not covered by clouds.)

At that time, I was a little bit shocked from all of this. Because no natural phenomenon acts in that way. A meteor swarm entering in the atmosphere breaks in a lot of pieces, produces a sound similar to the sonic boom of a jet plane, and of course does not follow an exact rythm of entry: one by one in a row, at the same distant, with regular intervals. Then meteors emit lights only for the friction in the atmosphere and are not visible before, so we should talk about a unique swarm of comets that is hard to think and never been spotted.

Anyway, I observed that the apparent different directions and positions were not by chance. They followed the movement of the planet. In other words, if we were on a space vehicle that is "parked" in a certain position of the solar system, remaining stopped we should see the planets move slowly and round. From there, if we shot an arrow each day at the same hour aiming to a certain coordinate of the solar system, presuming that in that moment in that coordinate there is the Earth, so each day we should hit a different part of the Earth accordingly to his rotation and movement. The entries of those lights/object followed this approach. They didn't change their coordinate, it is the planet that was moving.

I hope all of this helped.
Greetings.
