{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-15 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505995","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52827","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2891,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/995/mufon-5505995.json","updb_database_id":5505995}
{kt}Lights much like bioilumenesant underwater sea creature.

I was getting ready for bed when I glanced out the window and saw a light in what I thought a strange place in the sky for a star or planet, that was around 9:30 PM. I watched it for a few moments and saw that it had shifted positions from where I first marked it, I then got out my binoculars and went into the back yard for a better look, sadly, they are only 10X25 and did not offer as grand a view as I would of liked. I brought it to the attention of my girlfriend and after her assessment she took out her camera, which did not offer much better resolution, and after only a few attempts at photographing it, she gave up. Through the binoculars and the bedroom window I continued to watch the lights change colors and shape. There were green and white lights at what would be the north end of it, two green side by side with the white one on top, while the middle stobed red, yellow, pink, blue and white. As it floated across the sky ever so slowly, the lights at the north end changed positions and began to glow bright white at the south end without the green ones, while the lights in the middle seamed to change from a concave shape on the bottom, to seemingly encompassing it around unseen edges. The lights contained within the middle of the of the object of my fascination changed many more times. In the beginning they were round and only outlined the bottom, then encompassed it wholly, in nearly a perfect circle, flashing a multitude of varying colors, leaving a dark, or, black stripe down its center, (north to south.) At last glance there were no lights at the north end and it seamed to have a "C" look to it as if it were heading south with the bright white light heading it up. As this is still happening at this moment and I have taken yet another look, the bright white lite is now on the north end, while the surrounding lights have changed from nearly horizontal, to nearly vertical. It is now 10:30 Pm and the lights are still moving in a south westwardly manor at about the same pace as the other stars, which are NOT, flickering multi colored lights. If this is a planet whos light is flickering in the clear and cool night sky because of the atmosphere, Then I have to say, I cant wait till tomorrow to see it again!
