{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-06-15 13:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455995","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105608","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2717,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/995/mufon-5455995.json","updb_database_id":5455995}
{cak} three teenagers witness a huge ship in the sky in 1976.

Back in 1976 sometime during the summer on a warm afternoon two friends and I were hanging out in my garage by my boxing speed bag. I was 13 at the time and my two friends were about two years older than me. We lived near Selfridge Airforce Base and were acoustomed to seeing state of the art military fighter jets flying by on occasion. As we talked in the garage we heard an unusual sound and I mentioned it to my friends who both agreed that it was a weird noise. We continued talking for about ten more seconds when the noise became a bit louder and we all looked at each other and agreed that it needed a look outside. I opened the single car garage door and we walked outside facing south. We were confronted with an enormous space craft hovering in the sky approximately 1500 ft off the ground. It was tipped at an angle so we could see the top as well as the side. Metallic, grey, some reflective but dull, what looked like windows all the way around the half we could see. Classic disc shaped but huge like the way they make the spaceships look on the movies. We guessed it was ten football fields across. It hovered motionless as we looked at it and each other repeating are you guys seeing this for about fifteen seconds and then it instantly accelerated to the east at an incredible speed and disappeared into the distance in seconds even with its massive size. I want to mention that it was a couldless day also. We walked out to the street and the only other person out was my next door neighbor who was working under a car in his garage and missed the whole thing and thought we were crazy. I have bumped into these two guys occasionally in adulthood and guess what we talk about. Seeing that magnificent machine at 13 years old changed my understanding of intelligent life beyond our tiny planet. I can’t take back what we saw and I am thankful for that enlightenment. I have wanted to document this for years and feel that I must contribute this sighting for any research benifit it may contain and I support the work your orginization is doing.
