{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-07 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469995","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90509","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2329,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/995/mufon-5469995.json","updb_database_id":5469995}
Saw a 5 ft. tall white skinned black haired

I was leaving the local movie theater after seeing the last Spider-Man movie. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a small figure standing on the other side of the old food court looking at people walking around. No one seemed to see the figure but me. I kept walking towards the exit were I had parked my car. The small figure looked like the female being I saw in the flash back from the 90's. But she had very neatly combed shoulder length black hair. She was starting to walk behind a group of people. I said in my head "You look good." The female beings head shook fast then she came running from behind the people in front of her around to stand less then 5 feet away from me. She was not grey skinned or had the black large eyes that every one describes about the aliens. But she had shoulder length black hair parted on her right. Her skin was pure white like milky or egg white. Her eyes where clear white with a small black pupal that was quickly darting back and forth as she was looking me over from my feet up to my head. She was wearing a single piece black jump suit. But around her waist she had a very shiny metallic silver or platinum cloth that dipped at her stomach forming a V shape. I also noticed she had a rounding of her hips and with the neat appearance of her hair I felt that was important. Before she was able to look into my eyes I looked away and turned around and went back to my car. It bothers me that I didn't try to communicate with her more. Or at least take a picture or video with my cell phone. The whole encounter lasted less then 15 seconds.
