{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504995","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53882","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3074,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/995/mufon-5504995.json","updb_database_id":5504995}
{nd} No sound, Sudden PERMEATING green light over yard/part of house.Circular pattern on ground w/ smaller 3-4 lighter green lights in circle outline. Frozen in fear. Did not see object.

I had just gone to bed. Suddenly light appeared, as if someone flipped a light on, just over the house/yard. I did not see light approaching as if from a vehicle on the road. The light was VERY permeating. It infused through the curtains and lit up part of the room to about three or four feet inside the window even though the light appeared to be coming from straight overhead. The curtains are somewhat thin; but, there is not the same effect if someone is coming down the street with shining head lights.

The light was a very intense true green like the color on the older traffic lights. The light was in the shape of a circle on the ground from the part I could see. The whole inside of the circle was lit up. There were about three or four smaller lights of a lighter/brighter green in the outline of the circle. Those were about the size of a standard overhead recessed ceiling light. I could not see a complete circle. I live in a mobile home. It appeared as if part of the circle was over our home and the home next door. Our yard space is about twenty to thirty feet between the two homes.

At first I thought the light was a helicopter's search light; but, then I realized there was no sound and the light was green.

The light did not move. It did stay there for about 30 seconds. At first I was frozen in fear. I don't think I moved the curtains to look out. After about five to ten seconds I tried to focus on the details so I could share them later. I can't remember if I moved the curtains; or if I could see around the outside edge of the curtains. The light looked as if it was shining straight down the entire time.

After the light suddenly left (or the light was turned off), the fear was gone within seconds of the light leaving. I went right to sleep. 

There was never any sound before, during or after it left.

I mentioned online in a Patriot group, I think it was, about the experience. Someone said it was a "flying hippie" and that I've been tagged as a threat. I have been unable to find much of anything online about that with the exception of it maybe having been a small blimp, or drone.

However, like I said, there was no sound. Whatever it was, was there suddenly and disappeared suddenly; or the light came on suddenly and went off suddenly.
