{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-19 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290995","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112343","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2940,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/995/mufon-5290995.json","updb_database_id":5290995}
It’s weird around here.

I started seeing the object in early summer, It was nothing real strange just a weird light every now and again. In august I was watching tv at 2:34 am and it was like I blinked and it was 4:03 am my light was on I was still holding my phone and my tv was still on but the “are you still watching” on Netflix was on my screen. At this point there was a low buzzing hum like sound. I had an impulse to look out my window and I saw a light fly away and I didn’t get a good look at it. After this event I didn’t see it at all until around early October I had a weird feeling like an impulse to go outside. So I went outside and I came to a opening in my back yard and out of the corner of my eye I saw what looked like to me the tip of a nerf dark flying towards me at very high speed it felt like I froze up when I saw it and when I froze up it stopped on a dime. I broke out of what ever was holding me and I ran back into my house. That was not the most recent sitting of that object. Throughout all of this there has been black helicopters flying over all the time they look like they have no markings. One of the creepiest things was one day I was doing my normal chores and there was a all black newer Chevy impala siting at the cemetery across the street from my house. So I didn’t think anything of it I continued to do my chores an it was there for probably 25 minutes to a half hour till it left. I didn’t see anything weird about it till when it was leaving all of its windows were tinted completely blacked out and there was no tags, badges, or anything that would make that car unique. Throughout all this I still see the object except now I have photos of it and some less than perfect videos. Tonight November 19, 2020 I saw 2 different object the first I saw was what would be called a black triangle it appeared and then the nerf dart object appeared to chance the triangle.The photos I provided are exactly 10 days apart.
