{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522995","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33000","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4989,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/995/mufon-5522995.json","updb_database_id":5522995}
Stars lighting up and going out and moving !???

I live in a rual community in N. Texas with a good view of Airplanes coming and going from DFW airport(120mi away). I have seen Many,Many, airplanes come and go, i can pick a airplane out of the night sky in a sec.
 But what I have been seeing more frequently is very different.

At around (9:30) on 10/30/11 I saw ,what with a ~non-blinking~ light, was extremly high up in the sky and would have been easy to miss.However I watched this light move for a few minutes then it seemed to get further and further away untill it was gone!

through out the night until dawn!, i saw several of these things. There were lots of planes out for me to compare distance and speed too. 

the 2nd object i saw was wierd, i was focused on the sky between the bottom of Orions belt and the star Sirius at approx. 5:30am when a "starlike" light slowly appeared outta nowhere.. I would say that it was brighter than any star in the Orion Constalation but not quite as bright as Sirius... It remained stationary and bright for at least five minutes, then it dimmed a little (to about Half) and started moving at a steady rate from south to north until it was out of my sight, not because of the curvature of the earth but because it got so far away.... it was very,very high up and seemed to not be in our atmosphere at all. i could see and hear COMMERCIAL AIRLINERS passing *FAR* beneath flashing and blinking on there way to there destinations.

The 3rd object was a little different, I was facing due east and looking straight up and slightly to the south when I saw another light slowly pulse out of a pitch black space in the sky.. it was really bright and already moving when i spotted it, the light faded to black as soon as it reached its brightest point.. then it lit up again further down its previous course but this time it stayed lit for several seconds to a few minutes and i could easily track it moving against the stars headed north. again Very Very high up there.. i watched it go all the way across the big dipper and finally like the other object lost sight of it because it was so far away.. 

 4th there was and object right around 5:45 that appeared low in my view looking due west.. Saturn was approx 25degrees above the horizon and also due west of me.. it traveled from as far as i could see north. headed south until it was just north and below Saturn in my view.. Then it stopped!.. it was a pretty bright, steady, white light, (NOT BLINKING)flashing or changing color at all. It seemed to be Really close(in our air space).. i could see planes going over it, headed(east-west),which is typically the highest planes i see because they are not going to DFW, and also i saw planes ON approach to DFW passing behind it relative to my possition.{DFW is 120Miles from me south by south east}. I noticed and watched a plane traveling from the NE to SW, headed to DFW, with its lights clear and flashing.. it looked like it was going to pass very close to the object.. and it did! When the plane got to close, the object went black! and after the plane passed it lit up again and started heading south once again...

Finally at 6:00-6:30 I noticed a "star" traveling due east.. it was very high like the others and moving really fast.. not streeking, but fast, and with purpose.. It traveled from as far as i could see west to as far as i could see east in like 1 min..again view not limited because of the curve of the earth, this thing had to be in space or at least orbit... it was of Medium brightness and stayed lit the whole time.. i saw a shooting star cross in front of it and the object seemed to be way above the shooting star, so it must have been out of our atmosphere at least. This one was the best one, simply because of its rate of speed. It stood out like a sore thumb.. again i had planes flying over head and it clearly was not a commercial flight....

What the Heck was it??? I didn't see anything besides traveling lights and the best i can figure is that it might be satellites of the space station 
I Hope!! I Felt very much like a bacteria in a petrie dish tonight, any explanation would be welcomed and weighed.. 
\P.S. this is the first time i have been compelled to report this but its not the first of these I've seen these here.. It was just that there were so many last night it kinda worried me a bit...
