{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-20 02:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285553","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117850","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2596,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/553/mufon-5285553.json","updb_database_id":5285553}
Unexplained lights coming in from E to W single file then turning into circle formation fading green to white, 60 sec on, 60 sec off for about 8 min

I noticed some lights out my front window at 2am. I’m used to seeing plane or helicopter lights once in a while out that window so when I looked and couldn’t understand what I was seeing, I went outside on my back deck to get a better look. They were ball shaped and coming in from east to west in single file line and then would go into a circle formation around and around above a crop of trees in my quiet neighborhood. They were dancing in the sky. There was no beam from the ground up or the sky down. They would come in single file, do the circle formation for about 60 seconds and then disappear and then return about 60 seconds later and do the same thing. They were green for 60 sec and then would be white in the next 60 sec round. This went on for about 8 minutes. It was completely dark otherwise and very quiet. No sounds at all outside. I immediately felt scared. Like my gut was warning me or something. I relate it to how people explain the hair on the back of their neck standing up. I’m a very rational person and I cannot explain these lights. I’ve never seen anything like it and I’ve definitely never felt the way I did while witnessing it. The videos aren’t as great a depiction as I saw in person. There were no beams of light, just the circular balls of light changing from green to white doing this formation in the sky in a pattern - 60 seconds on, 60 seconds off and repeat for 8 minutes or so. I’m submitting two videos and I would love to hear some opinions about them. I’ve researched articles and videos and can’t find any explanation thus far. Thank you!
