{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-16 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508553","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49914","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2446,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/553/mufon-5508553.json","updb_database_id":5508553}
{kt}1 to 3 people saw bright orange sphere over suburban area, move from behind tree line, float across sky, change direction slightly and fade...then reappear same spot, 7 times.

At 9 pm, on a very clear, non-humid, cloudless August night, in the very crisp night air, I was walking across my yard on a tree-lined suburban street to get into my car. A bright half-moon was shining at the end of my street. I glanced at the moon and saw a very distant light as it emerged from behind the tree cover to the southeast. This light/form was halfway between the moon and the horizon to the south. It seemed as far away as a commercial aircraft would typically be, and initially thats what I thought it was. But after a few seconds I knew this was not a craft typical for the night skies in my area. It had NO characteristics associated with an airplane at night from one of the area airports (OHare and Midway in Chicago). It was one very bright, orange light that pulsated a bit. Very bright, even dazzling. No sounds, and on a steady, slow course. Later my son said it was boomerang-shaped. It floated across the sky for a minute, before altering its course to the southwest. As it moved away, it faded from view, growing smaller ... only to re-appear a few minutes later in the same spot to the southeast!! with the same appearance and track, and moving at the same speed. It re-appeared in this manner four times. I left the scene to run an errand. My son and husband watched the shape re-appear another two times. On its final pass, its path altered a bit, in a zig-zag manner.
Im no expert on aerial phenomena, but this recurring bright orange form looked and behaved like no plane Ive ever seen. So I am mystified. I don't imagine satellites acting like this did. It seemed to trace a slow circle, low in the sky, as it re-appeared in the same spot so many times.
