{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-19 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283553","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119884","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2357,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/553/mufon-5283553.json","updb_database_id":5283553}
A clearly audible low frequency hum started at our new home

My wife, infant daughter and I recently moved to a ranch property that I have been developing for the past two years.
There has never been a home in this location, or a road to it, our closest neighbor is a half a mile away and all of out neighbors are purely residential, there isn’t even a small barn for miles.
The closest town, Las Vegas, is twenty miles away.
The first ten days were normal in every aspect, however on the eleventh night upon going to bed and turning off the lights I immediately noticed a clearly audible low frequency sound. It persisted through the night and into daylight, until about 7:15 am, the next night was the same.
I grew up in a remote area of South America where farming was the only industry and this sound is very similar to the sound of two or more large farm tractors pulling heavy plows in the distance. I make this comparison because the sound of farm tractors doing that kind of work is not even, the sound varies with the hardness of the ground being plowed and the quality of the traction.
I say two or more tractors because sometimes the sound fluctuates harmonically like there was more than one source of almost identical sound at a similar distance.
There is no heavy equipment operating in the area.
Our new house is located half way up the side of a large mesa, so of course the thought of boring equipment comes to mind. There are no overt operations of that kind in the area.
I was wondering whether anyone in the area has equipment to record and analyze this sound, which I believe is right at or slightly below 20hz as not everyone can hear it.
It is nerve racking and I would really appreciate having some info on what I might be hearing.
