{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-29 23:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493553","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65959","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2409,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/553/mufon-5493553.json","updb_database_id":5493553}
{dr}this was not a military aircraft or any other normal aircraft

every night I go out to view the night time sky. even on cloudy nights because there will be some breaks in the clouds so I can view the night time sky.  I was looking up to view as I always do the in the lens I see it I look up from the lens to watch it. It can straight down from space as it did the air had a slight glowing at first and at first thought I said to my self it is a meteor and it is headed straight for my home. it was huge. the contrail was huge as it came down. then it stopped and stayed there . the contrail slowly faded away I did make out a greenish blue and red lights as it set there not moving . also here most commercial airlines planes do fly over in there normal flight pattern as they head to Atlanta to land at the same time. a commercial airline was flying I could very easy see it and its lights and I could tell it was headed to Atlanta. because of the cloud cover I do not think the pilots saw it. by the size and the height of the craft. above the normal flight paths of the commercial airplane. the craft was between 10 to 15 thousand feet higher than that. it stayed there for a few minutes as I watched it. I DO KNOW ALL THE TYPES OF AIRCRAFT FLYING, AND this was not a military aircraft or any commercial aircraft. then this craft went from a stand still to super sonic in a split second. This craft crossed the sky in less a second. when I saw it move I said wow and before the wow sound was out it was gone. and this is not the first time I have seen this type of thing happen here I have also seen the so called top secret U.S. aurora craft fly over and the two other better newer so called secret craft which I will not name here and this craft was not one of them either. and this craft was at least 500 feet wide.
