{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-16 17:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528553","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27017","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3861,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/553/mufon-5528553.json","updb_database_id":5528553}
Dark Trianglular shaped object with 2 big flashing lights on back and one solid smaller white light on front. Banked very slowly then flew over interstate I-540.

At 5:53 p.m. on Thursday Dec 16th, 2010, I was on my way back from work, located near Hiwasse, AR. I drove down Highway 72 towards Centerton, then turned right on the 102 spur to come into town. After making the right turn, I went around a corner to the left. Immedidiately after making that corner, I looked at a white house that sits on the right. Above the house was a large, triangular shaped object that looked black, although it could have been a different color as it had already gotten dark by that time. The object had 2 large lights and one solid light. All 3 lights were white. I did not see any red lights. At first I didn't notice any of them flashing. The object was banking and flying very slowly, so that it appeared to be hovering. It looked like it was just down the street a little and back towards the west. I was excited to see it and thought that I would pull into a nearby apartment complex to get a better look, but before I reached the apartments the object had completed its turn and leveled out, now flying east then southeast. I rolled my window down but didn't hear anything. The object rose slowly and headed out towards the interstate. It was then that I noticed the 2 large lights on the back flashing while the smaller one was not. I looked but never saw a red light. I followed down to the stoplight across from McDonald's, waited for the light to change, and then turned onto Highway 102 towards Bentonville, all the while watching it get further away and continue flashing. I only went as far as Sonic as my sister's housing complex, Siena Estates, is right after Sonic and I was headed to her house. I turned left into the complex and stopped, looking out my passenger and back windows to see the object. I saw the large back lights flash two more times and then it was too far away to be seen due to its distance and due to the dark tint on my windows and the fact that I had to keep going forward to avoid holding up traffic. The entire event lasted about 10 minutes, and the object appeared to be flying very slowly and staying pretty low to the ground, only rising as it got over the interstate. I asked my brother-in-law, who is a pilot, about any planes flying out of the XNA regional airport to see if they fly towards Centerton and then bank while heading out over the interstate. He said they do, and that I might have seen a C-130. I told him I didn't see a red flashing light, and he said it might have been on top and I wouldn't have, but I don't think that's the case. First off, I flew in a C-130 while a Marine, and the object appeared more triangle-shaped and not like that of a plane, plus it was flying very slowly, especially while banking. I've done a lot of flying myself, and don't see how a plane could stay in the air if it was flying so slow that it at first appeared to be hovering. I would like to know if anyone else has reported anything unusual, or if there was a large plane leaving XNA airport around 5:53 p.m. This is all of the information I can recall. Please let me know if I can help further. Thanks.

*(Wit's name deleted -- CMS/sg).
