{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-29 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480553","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79502","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2713,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/553/mufon-5480553.json","updb_database_id":5480553}
{jpg} Silent Triangle Aircraft Gliding South

I was walking from my apartment complex to the gym less than a 2 minute walk away. My apartment complex is elevated and dimly light resulting in low light pollution. I like to gaze at the stars whenever I'm out late at night and on this particular occasion a triangle shaped aircraft captured my attention. It was moving rather slow no more than 50 yards above. It was hard to completely make out it's shape but it looked as if it had two wings with 3 lights on each side with the 3rd light of each wing joining at the peak of the triangle. the aircraft was completely silent. I stopped to observe and was blown away by the stillness and lack of any external noise what so ever. There is a private airport about a half mile away so I'm quite used to the sound of commercial and private aircrafts landing nearby along with the noise they bring. This aircraft was headed directly South while the private airport is located South East of my apartment complex. At first I was simply perplexed but upon further research it appeared that these crafts have been sighted in the past. I have had experiences with other-worldly entities in the past and have done a fair amount of research on the topic. I am familiar with remote viewing and have had multiple encounters but none of these encounters were like this one. The craft was not interacting with me and didn't seem to have any other agenda other than a direction path south. I maintained eye-sight on the craft for approximately 2 minutes until it faded from view due to the light pollution on the edges of the apartment complex. I would like to add that I was not under the influence of any substances and have been sober for almost a year running now. I am 21 years old and open to any further questioning or follow up investigations. The craft looked EXACTLY like the image I have attached. I was unable to get any first-hand photos but am 100% confident the aircraft was exactly the same as the picture I've attached
