{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-01 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527553","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28071","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2825,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/553/mufon-5527553.json","updb_database_id":5527553}
2 or more moving bright orange fireballs

A friend and I were on Route 7, driving back to Fredericton from Grand Bay, when we saw something very strange. I was in the passenger seat. It was about 9:15 pm, and we were a few kilometres past the Petersville hill exit on the highway. We noticed two exceedingly bright, large lights to our right, which were the colour of a camp fire. We could see two plumes of what appeared to be smoke rising almost vertically from the lights. We were traveling 110km/h, and the lights stayed with us for several kms, but the whole time the 1smoke1 continue to rise more or less vertically. The whole time they were moving with us, they stayed roughly the same distance apart from each other, and were at a minimum 5001 altitude , probably closer to 10001. They stayed at basically the same altitude the whole time. After about 10 minutes, they seemed to 1slow down1 so I had to turn and look out of the passenger side rear window to see them. 

Just as the first two became obscured by the trees along the highway, I turned toward the front of the car and immediately noticed another single light at about 2 o1clock, which just 1appeared1.  I looked back, and at this point there was only one of the original two back there, so it was as if one of them rushed to and/or 1appeared1 at the new position ahead of us. This time, it didn1t keep pace, and I kept my eyes on it until we reached the junction with the Trans-Canada at Oromocto.

When I first saw the lights, I immediately thought they were flares, possibly being used for a night exercise at CFB Gagetown, but that couldn1t be the case because there was nothing holding them up. The light and smoke looked like fire, but there were no columns of flame or anything like that 1 they were just orbs. I have seen those Chinese paper lanterns that people send into the sky, but there is no possible way it was something like that.

Although I am fully convinced that ET vehicles have and are visiting Earth, I1m not sold that this was an ET phenomena, but I can1t figure out what it might be. 

I took some photos with my camera phone, but of course they don1t show anything useful as it was dark and I was taking them out of a moving car.
