{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-06-04 02:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459553","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101956","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4609,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/553/mufon-5459553.json","updb_database_id":5459553}
{jpg} My friend and i witnessed a metallic looking spherical object with multi colored lighting. It was hovering silently over a lake about 70 feet away.

When i was 17 years old, myself and my friend were hanging out late at night enjoying the start of our summer break rom high school. At about 2:10 a.m. we decided to go to the gas station to get some snacks and drinks and i jumped in my car and started heading towards the store.  About a minute from my home, we passed by Lake Victoria, one of the larger lakes in Northeast Crestview and a very short distance from Bob Sikes Airport. Upon approaching the lake which i regularly fished when i was younger, i noticed the strangest and most incredible thing I've ever seen. About 50 yards away from my car, there was a spherical metallic object with pulsating bright multiple colored lighting immediately caught my attention.  (The lighting was rapidly shifting from red/blue/green/yellow/orange e.t.c). The object was hovering SILENTLY and GYROSCOPING only a few feet above the water of Lake Victoria.  I slowed my car to a stop as i witnessed this craft and pointed it out to my friend by literally saying "What the F*ck is THAT!?" and pointed at it. It was VERY close to us and we could see the shape and outline of the craft as it was lighting up in different colors and gyroscoping.  He and i both observed the object for about 5 seconds as i slowed to a stop. The lighting was brilliant like that of a laser was reflecting off the surface of the lake just underneath the craft. The Spherical craft seemed to react to the close presence of my car / us after we witnessed it silently hovering for several seconds.  Upon detecting our presence It immediately powered up with a bright white brilliant light and ascended in the blink of an eye thousands of feet into the night sky.  The lights of the literally blurred in its wake from it accelerating at high speed vertically. I then stuck my head out the window of my car to see if i could still spot it, and i again spotted the object for several seconds, blinking its colors but this time much higher up. it started traveling away from us to the southeast at a steady speed before i lost sight of it due to being in my car and in a limited vantage point.

My dad is retired Air Force and i am a civilian contractor and i work on military installations quite frequently and am very well versed in our military's aircraft and identifying them as i have spent a considerable amount of time around them.  

This was not a drone, this was not a helicopter and it certainly was not an aircraft of any kind that humans are capable of creating. It was absolutely of advanced technological design and defied all logic.

 I'm not sure if any evidence was left behind in Lake Victoria but it seemed like the object was doing something over the water. It was an extremely weird and very close sighting that i will never forget. At the time i was hesitant to report it because i didn't think anyone would believe me or even care and reporting it seemed futile in trying to understand the origin of what i witnessed.  Unfortunately many sightings go unreported and i finally felt compelled enough after all these years to share my story to MUFON.  

i was not the only person to witness this craft that night and i know up to 3 others who witnessed it including the person who was with me and 2 others who lived nearby. The other witnesses said they observed the object following their car at low altitude through the cars open SUNROOF that same evening around the same time. It was so low and bright it illuminated the inside of their car before speeding off in front of them. 

Thanks for taking time and reading my story.  From that day forward, I, once a skeptic, finally knew that we are not alone.
