{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-08-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462553","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98426","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2684,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/553/mufon-5462553.json","updb_database_id":5462553}
{cak} Seen a star beside setting sun. Got brighter then came in view.

Me and uncle were standing outside watching the sunset. I dont remember the exact month but I do remember it was summer. We noticed a bright star beside the sun and discussed it had to be a planet because of its brightness. Over the next 10 to 15 minutes the star got brighter and brighter. Finally I said that it was either getting brighter, or closer, I couldn't tell. My uncle said it has be getting.brighter, it cant get closer. Suddenly it stopped shining like a star and a black distant object could be seen. It took it about 1 to 2 minutes to come fully into view. It flew over the pasture we were facing, flying very slowly, around 3 to 5 mph at tree top level, about 50 to 60 feet in front of us, traveling from east to west, we where facing north when it was directly in front of us. My uncle who didnt believe in them even though he seen one as a child and only recently remembered, was speechless. I said it's a ufo! He said no it isnt. I asked what is it then? He stumbled over words and finally said a helicopter. I asked why doesnt it make sound then? He was speechless. I asked if it is a helicopter, why is it round? The object was solid black. Non reflective, just black as night. It had 3 white lights going around it. If not for the lights we couldn't positively defined it as round. It looked like someone had just punched a black disc shape out of the sky. The object passed us and traveled east until it hovered over lookout mountain. Once over the mountain, it was about dusk, it turned into a huge ping pong ball sized light and traveled north. It finally disappeared after about 10 minutes over the mountain. I also had another sighting in summer 2007 on interstate 75 north, around 8 or 9 PM on a Saturday. This sighting involved 3 triangular shaped UFOs, rounded corners, silver metallic, giant ultra white white light in center of all 3 crafts projecting into woods, tree top level, 5 witnesses including self. 3 craft instantly become star sized. 2 split ways, 1 followed. Message if interested.
