Date                          Date
Case Number: 1426 22012021                    22-01-2021                        23-03-2024
Report:                      Resolution:
Location: Hanga Roa Region: Valparaíso Classification: Resolved.
A report of the existence of two circular lights of red, green, and
Summary:        White objects that remained almost stationary, appearing from the north and
They disappeared towards the west.
The user reported that (sic): "I was calling my cats through the window and looked up at the sky to see the stars. These lights caught my attention and I started to stare at them, discussing it with my husband. After a while, the lights dimmed, moved circularly to the left, and disappeared."

Along with the report, the video file IMG_0226.mov was entered.
The following Figure 1 shows the reported object as it appears in the 200% zoom of the IMG_02260067 frame from the case video.

User description:

Figure 1

The frames from the video "IMG_0226.mov" constituted the study material that supported the report. The footage was digitally perused, confirming that
Its file was created on January 21st, however, although it lasts 27.5 seconds, the file recorded that it belongs to a truncated sequence of four hours, 4 minutes, and 27 seconds.
Figure 2 shows the astronomical horizon as it would have existed on the reported date and time. According to the Hydrographic and Oceanographic Service (SHOA) of the Chilean Navy, sunset on Easter Island
It occurred at 20:16, civil twilight ended at 20:41 and nautical twilight
At 21:11 hours on January 21st. At that moment, the center of the solar circle
was 12° below the sea level, and the first and second magnitude stars were
visible to the naked eye.

Figure 2

Figures 3 and 4 show the possible astronomical scenario consistent with the
distorted image of the video under examination, which are two hours later
than reported.

Figure 3

Figure 4
In Figure 4, the data for the double star Dheneb (Deneb Algenubi) is observed, and in Figure 5, the data for the double star Al NaymatI is shown.

When both images are composed, a similarity with the study image is evident, which, except for the time, is consistent with the direction of what was observed according to the user's report.

Based on the analysis of the testimony and the results of the forensic studies,
Conclusion: After photographic and astronomical analysis, it was determined that there is no consistency between what was reported in the statement and the audiovisual material provided as a study aid, and that what appears in the video are stars, presumably Deneb (Deneb Algenubi) and Al Naymat I.
