{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-06 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529133","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26403","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3363,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/133/mufon-5529133.json","updb_database_id":5529133}
orbss Over Colorado Springs November 6th, 4:30PM-5:00 MDT

All Photos:
*(Link moved to Additional Evidence Section--CMS/sg)(

Story

----
Ok, I went for a hike today w/ my buddy. When I got back home, I hit the hot tub to chill out. I was sort of in a half dose and half meditative relaxed state, my head resting back. I opened my eyes and was looking up at the skylight and saw what looked like 12 or so white balloons floating way, way, up. I sort of did a double take and said *(Acronym deleted--CMS/sg).

I jumped out of the tub and on to the deck. I looked up and found them again. They started making formations. Then they formed a diamond and pulsed. I ran into the house and asked my daughter to drop the camera down to me. She had her headphones on doing her homework and said the battery is dead. I said drop it down anyway! She said I don't know where the camera is. I said it is right on your desk in front of you where you last left it! She said I don't see it. Geesh! Teenagers. I ran upstairs, grabbed the camera sitting right in front of her face and ran back down and out on to the deck. I looked up and whew! they were still up there.

I looked through the viewer and couldn't see *(Content removed--CMS/sg). Just blue sky. So I pointed in the direction I could see them w/ my naked eye and started shooting and hoping.

Let me tell you these suckers were WAY UP THERE!

You will notice there are some shots that are just blue sky where I clear missed altogether.

At first I thought these looked EXACTLY like the "balloons" we saw over Manhattan on Oct 13th. It wasn't until they started making formations that I did a double take. Then, like I said, when they formed a diamond they pulsed. I said to myself - *(Content deleted--CMS/sg).
It is weird when looking at them, I was like - am I really seeing this?

I also called up to my daughter to come down and take a look at this. She plain out said NO. She wasn't interested.

I then called down to my son and his cousin (teenagers) in the basement and told them to come up and have a look.

When they got up to the deck they said they couldn't see anything. I pointed in the direction and told them what cloud to use as a reference. Then after a bit of some intense looking My nephew saw it. At that point they were forming a line one above the other. He said wow - how did you ever see that - they are so tiny.

Then my son saw them as well. First thing he said is - are they satellites? I said - do satellites make formations?

I also said when I first saw them I counted at least 12.

I'd say the whole time they seemed to hover at the same altitude which appeared VERY HIGH. If it were night, judging distance, they would have been at the visual height of stars.
