{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-04-07 23:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477133","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83029","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3133,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/133/mufon-5477133.json","updb_database_id":5477133}
{nd} Bright triangular object moving from NW to SE

I was driving home southbound on U.S. 41 Between Vincennes and Decker, as I started to pull onto my road (Airport road) I noticed a bright white light, low in the northwestern sky. At first I thought it was a star or planet, but realized I never noticed it before, so I pulled over on my road to watch it for a few seconds. It appeared to be moving slowly in my direction, so I decided to head up the road to my house. I pulled into my driveway, shut off my truck, and went inside the house to alert my mother about what I was seeing. I went back outside to western edge of the yard, and my mother came outside to see it for herself. The object got steadily closer. As it got almost directly overhead I could see three white lights in a triangular shape, with a red blinking light towards the rear. I also noticed white lights around the middle of the object, appearing to be maybe some windows, but could not tell for sure. I listened to it as it was passing by, I did hear a slight jet like sound as it was moving by, my guess would be between 200 and 300 miles per hour. But being a military operations area, I've seen and heard numerous military and commercial and recreational aircraft, this did not appear to be anything conventional. I have seen the F117 once, the B2 twice at my house, F16s, F18s, and F22s, as well as flares, so I have plenty of knowledge and experience with aircraft. Vincennes lies between Terre Haute and Evansville, both of which have regional airports. Terre Haute is also home to the Indiana air national guard, Lawrenceville, IL also has a small airport as well. Scott AFB is located to the West near St. Louis, where a similar sighting took place back in January of 2000. I frequently see commercial airliners flying low over the house during the day and night, and often see their landing lights, and almost always follow a north to south flight path. The northwest to southeast flight path of this event was a bit odd.
