{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-10-10 23:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496133","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63276","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3213,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/133/mufon-5496133.json","updb_database_id":5496133}
{nd} I was driving and lost 2 hrs of my life no lights just black

I was driving at night and approaching a tunnel about 1\2 mile ahead. Everything just went dark I thought that's strange the tunnel lights are off then I realized I was sitting on the side of the freeway in my car and things started getting bright again. My radio was static and it was clearing, that's when I realized I was sitting at the tunnel entrance and there was this very deep hum in my head. My car was running but missing. I was trying to figure out what the hell is going on. so before I put my car in gear I thought what time is it I was married with a wife and young daughter at home. That's when I realized I couldn't move my arms I was tingly all over but my movements were coming back' This is when I panic set in. I finally got it together and took off I drove through the tunnel and just couldn't hold it together and had to pull over, I was freaking out and couldn't figure why. So I got out of my car to get some air and a highway patrol officer pulled up and asked what was wrong and said I looked white as a ghost his light on me I was very weak he helped me sit down and thought I was drinking and I wasn't but then he said the thing I'LL NEVER FORGET [ITS 1 AM JUST WONDERING WHAT YOUR DOING STOPPED ON THE SIDE OF THE ROAD] I LOOKED AT MY WATCH AND IT READ 11:01. I of course never said anything to him so buy the time he got back with my license I had closed my door and he let me go. To this day I never told anyone but it has haunted me for over 40 years. I do watch stuff and it seems everyone sees lights and craft and all kinds of stuff. I SAW NOTHING. But something took 2 hours of my life that has caused great concern over the past 40 years. I had no history if blackouts and to this day have never had one. I have done some things that I'm not proud of maybe we all have but its so hard to explain. SOMETHING HAPPENED TO ME THAT NIGHT AND I REALLY WOULD LIKE TO KNOW IF ANYONE ELSE HAS HAD MY EXPERIENCE. I could tell you more about dreams I think they are dreams I at this time am so nervous this is as I said the first time talking about it. I will tell you this I can tell you where I think I was I have this vision of something that seems crazy but if you would like to hear it email me and I guess I would be willing to talk more Sorry for taking up so much time but after all this time I had to finally tell someone. Thank You Very Much. P.S. My wife was asleep but I stayed up all night just looking out the window at the DARK in a daze then just went to work and it took awhile but continued with my life SOMEHOW!
