{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-27 04:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498133","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61119","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4244,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/133/mufon-5498133.json","updb_database_id":5498133}
Water Hill UFO Incident.

I was driving across the roads of Wyoming in order to think about killing myself. I was driving across the Thunder Basin National Grassland as a place to kill myself because I've suffered major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder since I was a teenager. Anyway, I left my car after I had parked along side of the road to go a quiet place to shoot myself with a hand gun that I brought from Wal-Mart. I walked a mile or two away from my car then I found a quiet place to shoot myself, a quiet place three miles away from my car. I'd sat down on the ground of the grassland, ready to shoot myself, when, suddenly, I saw a black helicopter chasing something across the sunrise sky. At first, I thought it was a secret Arab attack that the Government had found out about, but then, I realize that wasn't true, anymore. When the object got closer to me, I saw that the object was in the shape of a cross with a dome and some windows on it. Suddenly, the idea of killing myself quietly was, somehow, gone. As the object kept coming closer to me, I saw something shocking. It may me realize that this cross had pulsating colors of light with some strange sounds and noises coming from the object. Also, I saw human beings inside the cross, except, their skin color was magenta and, yet, they somehow had black hair. All of them had black hair and magenta skin, which frighten me to the core. I don't know how I know that, but it felt true to me. I looked at my digital watch, it didn't work at all. It was completely dead. Suddenly, the object and the black helicopter that was chasing the object had disappeared. I looked at my digital watch, again, it had been over two hours since I been here in the grassland. I soon ran three miles back to my car and drived the hell away from here. Six hours after the ordeal, I began to feel sick, so I went to a hospital. Once there, I had a doctor told me that traces of arsenic was found in me. They found some form of red-violet blood-like substance in me that had arsenic in it. I told him about the ordeal, then he'd called an insane asylum and, then, had me taken away. I was there for a year before being release. After that, I went back home and tried to return to a normal life, but I couldn't. It was because of the nightmares that I had. Nightmares about tall human-like beings with magenta skin and black hair with, what appeared to me, to be a red-violet blood-like substance being injected to me by a needle-like object. Also, I had nightmares about three others with me in, what appeared to me, as some waiting room of a hospital. Nightmares of these tall magenta-skinned human beings studying me and the other three with strange medical equipment such as a laser of sorts, and, that red-violet blood-like substances in some blood bags, which made me realize this is the color of their blood. That, plus, when I had a nightmare, I began to feel sick, again. I went to my doctor, and, she had me tested and stuff. When, I was done, my doctor came back and told me that I had arsenic in my systems. That, wasn't all she found, she had also told me that they had found a, what appeared to be, a bio-chip in the shape of a pentadecagon in the front of my neck, which also explained, why, my voice had been froggy since my ordeal. They implanted a implant in me, for what, I don't know. To this day, I still have these nightmares, and, I can't stop getting sick from arsenic because the implant will kill me by, what my doctor said, will cause a fatal electric shock to my heart. Tell, others, about my ordeal. Also, I found out that those three others were from the black helicopter.
