{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-01 21:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476133","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84126","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2519,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/133/mufon-5476133.json","updb_database_id":5476133}
{jpg} Looked like a plane at first, then as approaching it was immense in size, hovering over a building. Flashing lights at each end, no sound, no movement. Watched it carefully for a minute when suddenly it disappeared into nothing. No sound at all.

I was driving along Conway Road in Orlando FL, headed North from Tradeport Ave. This is a common area that planes are landing in so seeing lights in the sky approaching us was very normal to see. I drive down this street almost daily around the same time so am used to seeing certain sights along the way. While approaching a red light, at Judge Road my sister and I noticed the planes approaching us when one looked out of place. I joked about how it could be a UFO because of how odd the flight pattern and lights were. We both kept steady on it, I watching while trying to pay attention to the cars in front of me. It approached us closer and closer and we both got nervous because it was the size of a plane hovering over the building off to the right side of us, maybe 50ft or less away from where we were. We both watched as it stayed hovering over a building, with lights flashing, no sound at all! We waited to see if we were seeing things, if it was actually moving and maybe we didn't see the movement for whatever reason. No movement, still hovering over the building and flashing lights. About 10-15 seconds after we realized it was not a plane and that we were in fact seeing a giant object hovering over a building next to us, it disappeared. We pulled off to the side of the road to see if the lights appeared anywhere. Nothing. The area area was clear, its path had no obstructions yea it was nowhere to be seen. So where could it have possibly gone?! The rest of the way home, 15 minutes total, we talked about what to do next. Tell someone? File a report? Keep it to ourselves? We are definitely sure of what we saw. This was NOT normal and definitely not a plane!
