{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-11-26 14:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464133","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96768","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3285,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/133/mufon-5464133.json","updb_database_id":5464133}
{jpg} Cluster of unidentified objects escorting Air Force Fighter Airplanes

My residence is located under one of the flight paths for Kelly AFB in San Antonio. I regularly take photographs with a Nikkon camera of military airplanes flying over and around my residence in daylight and at night.

On November 26, 2018 I was doing yard work in the morning and witnessed two Air Force Fighter jets with full after burners flying very low, and loudly, over my residence. I had heard them taking off from Kelly AFB a few minutes before I saw them. They were flying toward the southwest.

About 2:00 PM that afternoon I heard jets and wanted to get some photographs so I grabbed my camera and went outside. The Air Force fighter jets flew over my residence again at about 2:01 PM and I took a couple of photographs.

The Air Force Fighter jets went around the flight path one more time and were over my residence at about 2:04 PM so I snapped some more photographs.

I don't remember seeing anything out of the ordinary in the sky at the time, however, I was intensely focused on just the Fighter jets.

I put my camera back in it's case and didn't download the images off of the camera into the computer until the next day. I erased the images from my camera for space for Thanksgiving Day photos. I intended to put some of the images of the fighters on my facebook page after Thanksgiving so I didn't bother reviewing the airplane photographs at that time.

On November 30, 2018 I began reviewing Thanksgiving Day photographs and decided to take a look at my airplane photographs so I could post one. When I looked at the first photograph I saw a object next to one of the airplanes.

I continued reviewing the series of nine photographs I had taken and noticed more objects in each of the photographs. Several photographs have just a few objects in them but many of the photographs have multiple objects.
