{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-01 02:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494133","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65353","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2659,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/133/mufon-5494133.json","updb_database_id":5494133}
{cak} I have had abduction experiences since I was sixteen years old. my mother and brother as well. The last one I had was almost two years ago and I actually saw and remembered the abductors that time as well as the pain they inflicted.

I began experiencing abductions at around age 16. It was a paralysis.I knew something was taking me but It would blank out my memory of what was happening.As I got older and moved to various places it would still happen but I began battling it calling on the name of Jesus and the abductions would end abruptly. The last one I had was the worst. I was actually allowed to see the aliens as they entered my bedroom and took me. They began drilling into my side and it was excruciatingly painful. I began calling on the name of Jesus and it did not seem to help...like they did not speak the same language so I began thinking of alternate names for God that I knew and when I said Elohim they immediately released me and I was back in my bedroom.I was crying and very shook-en up and this awoke my girlfriend. She thought I had a nightmare and did not believe me that I had been abducted. I was so scared that I sat straight up and tried not to go back to sleep but began dozing out. I was awakened a while later by my girlfriend screaming hysterically that the same thing had happened to her. She was so shaken by it that she immediately began checking doors and windows to make sure they were locked and then pushed the night stand up against the bedroom door. I began praying very hard and as I started dozing off I noticed a sparkling of the door like an entity was there but nothing came thru the door. I believe it was an angel sent to protect us from what was trying to come thru the door again after us.A few months ago I experienced a grey enter my home during the day and I began praying heavily. It could only come as far as the hall but could not enter the room I was in and after a battle with it through prayer it finally left my home.I have seen numerous UFOs and been followed by them at night while driving or walking.
