{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-01 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503133","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55827","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2340,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/133/mufon-5503133.json","updb_database_id":5503133}
{kt}Glowing orange orb escourted by military jet and red glowing object

While walking on a late summer evening, my wife and I noticed a bright light to the North which I thought was a landing light of an airplane. Not a usual flight path for flights from our airport. Immediately after noticing the bright yellowish light approaching (going South), my wife noticed two other aerial objects in the North sky. At that time, one of the objects that she pointed out was West of the approaching light. We could tell by the blinking lights that it was a conventional airplane. At about the same distance away (both were behind the glowing object slightly) another steady red light flanked the glowing central light by about the same distance as the airplane.As they approached, they all entered a relatively small cloud bank and emerged much closer together and headed directly above us. As they approached, the center glowing object seemed much more orange colored and very closely flanked by the plane and the other object. As the trio passed over at what I estimate to be about 1500-2500 feet. The center orange light was a spherical shape as it was lit on all sides. The front, bottom and rear were observed by both of us. The airplane was flanking the object very closely and from experience could tell by the sound that it was a military jet fighter escorting the orb. I could see it partially outlined against the sky also. I have not had a chance to mention the other object since we were mostly transfixed on the plane and orb. At a distance the East object appeared as a red light. As it approached and net up with the jet and orb, it appeared to be a bright red cylinder but smaller or about the same size as the jet. All continued South.
