{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-10-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490133","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69461","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3978,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/133/mufon-5490133.json","updb_database_id":5490133}
6 UFOS IN MADRID 1978

It was 1978. In a cold autumn evening when a set of exotic lights were flying near the roofs in Madrid city, towards the Villaverde populous district.

They had a fuzzy origin, but their destination is even more unknown1

Attentive to all them a mother and her 3 year old son were looking at this unusual and intriguing phenomenon, while his other son, named "JMH" was sleeping, he was oblivious to this disturbing event, but perhaps in his inner dreams, he was also aware of this bizarre event.

Their eyes, incredulous and with a certain fear of the unknown, are set in these lights that come from the north and heading south... with constant speed, and in perfect flying formation.

On those nearby roofs, at a distance of about 600 meters, all these machines had a kind of sound, which was like a strange hum.

That sound did not fit the typical noise of a military helicopter pattern, and it cannot be not nearly to the sound produced by the engines of commercial aircraft. They seem oblivious to the devices created by engineers, during the late 70s. It was a period where to self-destruct with nuclear power was closer than ever.

Cold War era, when the nuke confrontation was a complete reality, with both Warsaw Pact and NATO were ready for launching preventive nuclear attacks.

It was in the inner mood of both superpowers to show all the power, via media propaganda or even using military researches and bizarre artifacts.... Should those strange objects show strength of an empire over the other?

Will they be a sign of our ignorance to Nature that we endeavor to imprison in physical laws? On the other hand, perhaps most intriguing, Will they be the proof that in this reality around us there are others who live with us and occasionally become visible? The mystery was finally made physical reality.

Strange yellow and orange lights rotate slowly within each UFO, while the training of about eight UFOs continue moving away from the capital of Spain. They were flying across the night skies of a country awakened to its imperfect Democracy, and to the aggressive computer and communication technology, which has revolutionized our lives.

37 years later, I have just put those facts within this article. In its day, some local newspapers and Radio Stations were publishing such kind of news, which were very common in Spain in the 70s and early 80s.
We live in 2015, and we have not a clue regarding the meaning of those UFOS in the night sky of Madrid, Would they be military secret or human technology? .... The mystery and the magical curiosity are still here.

"JMH"

August 16th, 2015

PD - These UFOs were being seen by a whole district in 1978. For my misfortune, I was sleeping, while my mother and my little brother saw those eight UFOs in our home in Madrid. By the way, the day after the UFOs in Madrid, we three moved to Las Palmas de Gran Canaria Island because of my father's work.

The important thing is that those facts do not remain forgotten.

"AMPP" (my mother) commented: 'they suddenly appeared over the roof of the other houses and they went slowly up but they were flying with very low altitude. As seen in the photo, the UFOs were in orange and yellow colors simultaneously, they appeared in silent and suddenly a noise started to sound like 'pac pac pac' several times and they were slowly moving away'
