{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-07 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466660","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94028","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3109,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/660/mufon-5466660.json","updb_database_id":5466660}
{jpg} I was abducted by a group of possibly 6 large grey aliens

This incident happened at approximately 3 in the morning. For some reason I can remember everything like it just happened. This was not a dream or a nightmare. I woke up to the sound of a child laughing as I rolled over to see where the sound was coming from when I saw the boy running back and forth beside my bed I felt like something had control of my body. I couldn't move my first instinct was to yell but when I tried nothing would come out. At this point I then realized how bright my room was, it wasn't like sunlight but it was so bright my whole room was light and outside. I looked to my window and that's when I saw the large grey alien out my window. Now what's weird is my window is on the second floor of the house so it must of been able to hold on somehow or levitate. I don't know if it was supposed too let me see it because when we made eye contact it seemed to teleport away. the only way I can describe the teleportation is that it went from a solid being to a staticky collidascope type image and then vanished. At that point I was able to move again. I remember going to the window and that's when I saw about six more of the tall alien grey types slipping back into the woods but it was so bright and at that point I could tell the light source was coming from directly above my house.I then remember the boy grabbing my hand and pulling me towards my bedroom door. I remember not really being able to fight back I was in like a zombie state of mind, when I reached the top of my stairs just outside my room there was a woman sitting at the top of the steps for some reason I didn't feel afraid anymore. I'll never forget the girl she wore a pink hooded sweatshirt and grey sweatpants and she told me not to be afraid and that we have met before and that the boy was our so but he lives with them (the greys) from there all I remember was the 3 of us walking out of the house and then everything goes blank.
I will add this is not my only experience with abduction or I go sightings the reason why I know this really happened is that i remember telling my sister and brother in law this story and they both looked at each other in shock and told me how my brother in law mother ( who is my neighbor across the street) woke up randomly one night and she said that outside was so bright like brighter than the daylight were her words and it was coming from over my house but she never went to the window because she was to scared.
