{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-05-01 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286660","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116722","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2260,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/660/mufon-5286660.json","updb_database_id":5286660}
The object was huge! Looked like a full moon but when it took off I knew it was not the moon!!

I was driving to work early in the morning around 330 am, When stopped at a red light I noticed a big white round object in front of me down the street. As the light turned green myself and another person in his small pick up truck going in the same direction as myself saw this object suddenly take off to our right (east) and disappeared. it disappeared because it was going too fast for my eyes to catch up with it!! When it did this myself went to the right and the person in the small truck went to his left as if this object actually was coming towards us. He drove up on to the median and I went to the side of the road. We both sat in our cars for a few moments before I got my second breath and went on my way. Neither one of us got out of our cars, just looked at each other. The object seemed to be near the power station down the road from where it was stopped. I work at a military base and when I went through the gate I asked the guard on duty if he saw that or heard anything.; He said no after looking around in the sky. I work on a military base. AFter entering the gate I kept looking up to the sky but the object I'm guessing is gone. I had another event recently that I have reported as well....but this first one was very 'wild' and it caused me to not say anything to people in fear that people would say I was 'crazy' or lying. I wasn't . Too bad though that I didn't stop and get that man's name who also saw this. I know when I looked over to him he had a lot of fear in his expression. I was upset but I had to go to work so I just kept going.
