{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-22 10:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489660","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69950","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3303,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/660/mufon-5489660.json","updb_database_id":5489660}
{dr}Round, surface area seems several colors and huge

I have been monitoring the skies in my area for over a year now,both day and night. In April of 2014 I witnessed a triangle shaped ufo, hovering approximately 500 to 1000 feet off the ground, it was silver and very shiny; it had no windows and no visible seams. The ufo was approximately 300 feet wide, after several minutes it slowly turned to the north and dissapeared. From that day forward I have been taking pictures and videos of the sky both during the day and night; I am amazed at how much activity there is here, I have posted many images and several videos on facebook, google+ and youtube. The first video I posted is my most prized video, it is one taken at dusk, there are a few small dark rain clouds around above my home and there was one very large very black cloud. In my video you can see a very large black ufo flying into the black cloud, because it is still somewhat light out there is still a blue hue behind this big black cloud. The ufo flies in on the bottom right of the cloud then through the length of the cloud and out the left side of the cloud, it flies out of view for a minute then comes back flying back into the cloud, there was a second smaller ufo behind the first large ufo. As the two ufos fly through the length of this cloud I noticed movement above the two ufos I zoomed the video in and saw there were 4 more ufos slowly moving around in the upper left corner of this huge black cloud, also as the two ufos were flying back through the cloud you can see a huge white orb flying in front of the two ufos. I have a second video, a night video. In the second video you can see a huge ufo flying with a cluster of dark storm clouds, this ufo is using the clouds as cover but at a point it is completely exposed and very visible, I taped the ufo event for several minutes then switched my smartphone to take still photos. I have several hundred pictures and several videos of a lot of ufo activity in my area. I would love to share my evidence and experience's with the MUFON TEAM, my husband (a retired marine) age 71 and myself age 43 are very fortunate and excited to speak with you.
