{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-17 05:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524660","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31163","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3071,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/660/mufon-5524660.json","updb_database_id":5524660}
Viewed unidentified object from my screen porch for approx. 1 hour on 8/16 or 17/11 starting at 5:15 am

I could not sleep and as usual got up to have coffee on my screen porch before work. It was approximately 5:15 am (obviously dark out)- my porch faces east and there are no lights viewable or civilization east of my home with the exception of one light tower (due west). At night when I have been on the porch I can view planes coming west/northwest across the state...the light of the plane appears bright for a time and then the angle changes as it approaches, still viewable but not directed at "me" - the plane eventually flies over and is audible. After several sips of coffee, I notice the light, still approaching me, is still very bright and still angled at me. Then it occurred to me that I have never seen a plane this early in the morning...then it STOPPED. I questioned my sanity...maybe I didn't just see it come towards my home...maybe it was a star - so MUCH brighter than any other in the sky this morning? It was early. But it STOPPED? Maybe I hadn't had enough coffee yet? I then picked up my binoculars, normally used for viewing cows/horses/armadillos & coyote's and viewed this object for almost an hour! I could only see the lights and a very faint outline of the top of something? There were 5 lights, in almost a straight line....if you were to line them up 1,2,3,4 & 5 - 3 would be the brightest, biggest or almost like it was the "point" and mainly white. Was this because it was directly angled in my direction? 1,2 and 4,5 were a little smaller than 3 and looked as though they were slightly angled back from 3, but they were the same size. The lights pulsated from blue to green to white to red (or maybe it was red to white), but #3 mainly stayed white. The pulse was SO very quick it was difficult to follow the sequence. I was able to discern the different colors but they almost "rainbowed or melded together" in the process? I continued to watch for almost an hour, telling myself that I wasn't seeing what I was actually seeing...putting the binoculars down...another sip of coffee...was it still there? - yes. Until...the sun was coming up, the stars were now gone, the "lights" were still faintly there....then they went STRAIGHT UP into the sky... and gone? I did not mention this to anyone until Sunday morning...trying to convince myself that I had not just seen "something". 
This was viewed from east Lee County, Estero, Florida.
