{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-27 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457660","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103908","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3102,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/660/mufon-5457660.json","updb_database_id":5457660}
{jpg} Tic-Tac like UFO Hovering over the delaware river

I spotted a UFO over I-95S as I was passing near Exit 2 for Trenton headed towards the Delaware River cross over to PA. I had a sighting that was very different in Australia in 2005 and have kept my eyes on the sky ever since. I was looking up at local plane traffic that was well above the cloud cover when I noticed something sitting still, hovering beneath the cloud cover, far lower than the plane traffic directly overhead.

It looked the approximate size and shape of the tic-tac UFOs described by Commander Fravor on the Nimitz in 2004, 40 ft in length maybe, about 20ft high, all relative guesses. At first it appeared relatively solid, dark grey, non-shiny, rough metallic coloring. But it also didn't appear at the same time completely solid to my view. Didn't appear to have any wings or appendages.

Then something interesting happened. The thin cloud cover it was hovering underneath broke slightly and light shined through (as it was midday) onto the craft. When the light first hit the upper left portion, it appeared to make the dark grey rough metallic exterior more defined and solid. But as the light quickly broke across the front of the craft, the craft seemed to distort the light and the craft almost looked translucent in the middle with a rough outline remaining. I also could see clearly at that point that it was definitely not a plane and definitely had no wings. Again, it was also still hovering still. 

Up to this point, I had taken my eyes off it several times over the course of a couple minutes to watch the highway/other cars, and I easily re-found the UFO with my sight when I would look back to the cloud cover it was under.

After I saw the light change it's shape and I knew it was something unusual, I reached for my phone to video it. My phone was on the shotgun seat instead of in my center console as usual so I had to take my eyes off the sky and look to grab it. In that instant, I looked back, and the UFO was gone. It either had sped away instantaneously or had become completely invisible. 

I proceeded to look toward the cloud cover it was near, above, below, etc. as I drove into PA on 95. I was with my daughter and we had planned to grab donuts from the Bakery by the river there and go to the boat lunch to sit in the sun and eat a treat and hang by the river. So, I was basically in the area beneath where I had spotted it for the next couple hours and still so no signs of the craft after.
