{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-10-18 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492660","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66870","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2797,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/660/mufon-5492660.json","updb_database_id":5492660}
{rjl} saw red light moving slowly across sky then stopped. a beam of light came down from about it and it moved to it and disappeared

I was walking home from a friends house around dinner time 5 or 6 pm. I think it was during the summer but I am not positive what time of year it was. It was a cloudy day, with low clouds. I noticed a round red light moving slowly along the sky somewhat covered by the clouds and then not, like it was going through semi-clouds. it was about a few hundred feet above the houses. I'm not sure how high, but it was not that high up.I thought it was a low flying airplane but could only see the red light on the bottom of the plane through the parts of clouds. I thought it was weird as it was moving so slow, as if it was looking for something.(my thoughts)As I walked, it seemed to moved with me, since I was not walking fast, it was not moving fast like a plane would be. I kept watching it as I was walking thinking to myself and I was asking myself what could it be since I could not see the rest of the "plane". Then it just stopped! so I stopped, the red light stopped in mid air, and that is when I knew it was not a plane. Then a few seconds later, out of the clouds above the red light, a whitish- blue beam of light appeared just above the red light. The light was wider at the top then came to a point just above the red light. From where I was standing the distance between the end of the beam and the red light was about a foot or two. I said to myself out loud, "I will s*** myself if that light goes up to that beam" and the second I said that, it rose up towards the beam and the second it touched the beam, they both disappeared. The beam was about 3 to 4 feet long and about 2 feet wide getting thinner towards the red light. a V shape. That is about the size from where I was standing looking at it. I instantly ran home screaming to my mother and brother in the kitchen that I just saw a UFO and tried to tell them what I saw but they just laughed. But I know what I saw. That was almost 40 years ago and I remember it like it was yesterday. My sister and I have seen UFO's before this too. silver saucers, which I will tell you in another story.
