{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-07 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522807","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33205","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3630,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/807/mufon-5522807.json","updb_database_id":5522807}
3 sightings of same object in 5 minute span, 2nd sightign on video phone.

At 9:30 PM I went out side to have a cigarette. I saw red/yellow lights flying east toward me from the west, to the right of the San Jacinto mountains, over highway 111. I assumed it was one of many helicopters that take the same flight path near my house. It looked like it was on fire, but traveled the same speed as any helicopter. It stopped, and it wasnt making any sound. I ran indoors to get my partner to see it. It was less than 10 seconds to get him outside, and it was gone. We both then noticed an unlit object, round, or balloon shaped passing overhead, and it crossed in front of the moon heading east in the direction of Palm Springs airport. It traveled in a straight line and seemed to be descending. In front of its flight path, in the direction of the airport I saw a shooting star heading up, at a slight angle. Not across the sky, or downward, almost straight up. My partner did not see the shooting star. We were both excited as we both have always wanted to see something like this in person. We discussed what to do, and I said I would make a report to Mufon later, but first I called the local news KPSP. They had no other calls, and heard nothing on the police scanner.
I went back outdoors and it was there again, but closer to the Tram Station on top of San Jacinto which is to the left of its first position. I ran inside and got my partner out again, this time he grabbed his iphone and started filming it. He told me to get the binoculars, which I did, and could see it looked now like a tiny speck of orange light, and then faded out. It was heading away toward the west. The lights at first were as bright as the light at the tram station, then slowly faded, as if moving away. It was hovering, and then moved west.
3rd sighting at 9:35 PM. 
This time I figured Id go out front to the street to see if I could see it. It was back, and as bright as before, again I ran in to get my partner, and he saw it also. It seemed to be coming toward us heading east, but then stopped and went in the opposite direction. It didn't turn in a circle, it just went backwards, and faded out again. There was no noise or motor sounds at all. 
I want to clarify it behaved like the many helicopters we see overhead, but made no sound at all. I am used to seeing lights from helicopters, and at the distance it seemed to be from me, we should have heard the rotors. The shaded, unlit round object that passed in front of the moon, may have, or may not have been the same object. During all of this, there were many passenger planes flying overhead as well. We are under, and between the east bound, and west bound air routes. Of course those planes were much higher in the sky than the object was. 
We stayed outside until 10:00PM to see if it returned, it did not. The sky was clear, we could see all the stars, the moon is 3/4 full. The object blocked out the lower half of the moon when it passed overhead. There was no wind on the ground.
