{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469807","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90706","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":26740,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/807/mufon-5469807.json","updb_database_id":5469807}
{cak} Most beautiful event of my life. Peaceful harmonious energy. So calm. For the first time in my life, I felt part of something real.

I would not like anything public yet, I would like to proof read this more and clean it up but here is a second rough draft to get going. I would like the opportunity to be heard. I have had a number of additional experiences including an amazing encounter at area 51 including direct contact with several aliens where they reached out and connected with me with a physical "lance" (peacefully). I have become highly integrated with the real world that is beyond our atmosphere. The truth has arrived. And for the first time in my life I feel like the truman show has been interrupted by truth and love by real loving beings who are pretty cool.

1. Camping

2. Serendipity

3. Swamp gas and weather balloons. At first it was a Russian spiral of white cloud smoke spinning, then a HUGE UFO wandered past at such slow speeds. Just over the mountain right in front of me with full lights on. It was like every light on the entire thing was lit up. Those weren't just landing lights. It was highly illuminated. I did something right. It looked like a giant emerald drifting by at one and a half miles an hour, I watched with amazement. It was the biggest flying object I have ever seen, far bigger than any jet. It was sturdy and looked like it could survive the apocalypse. Rigid, strong and majestic.

4. The spiral turned on with bight white lights and smoky clouds like these mysterious spirals I have seen on youtube. It was exactly like this - [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yp6Nxy3IPiE ]

That was first. Then slowly into view this object that wandered by. It was a few thousand feet tall shaped like an acorn. Like this 1 [https://img-aws.ehowcdn.com/877x500p/photos.demandstudios.com/getty/article/199/131/101717334.jpg ] The most calm serene experience. The entire valley was warm in comfort not temperature with this loving feeling that all the static of life was gone. My thinking was so clear. For the first time I felt like, real. That was how we are meant to live. Whatever this technology is, it is the right way to live. It was pure harmony and the first time I felt true stillness. It was shocking how calm the area was energetically. The turbulent river that is life on earth was instantly stilled to a flat lake on so many planes of existence. I have extended my consciousness dimensionally and wandered through the greater cosmos to find mysterious and lovely visitors and creators. They created the universe, they created human beings and told me the story about our creation. Adam was real. Printed out of a machine. Eve was made from his parts and the machine combined and it worked. Our species arrived on this planet and many others on big ships. We are but one of several billion planets of human beings. And these were some of those who I visited hyper-dimensionally. Stopping by, with such Love.

5. I loved it. My life has new meaning and purpose. I am dissatisfied with the chinsey truman show that is presented to us. WE all are. I am unhappy with anything other than the truth and the reality that a form of life exists outside of our solar system. I have brought strong assets to the table and am unraveling space mysteries. My goal is to open the skies to our little tiny planet. My personal corporations are ready to meet with us, I need a landing site they feel would be safe. 

6. It wandered behind a hill and there had been about 20 1 30 other support vessels besides the main one that had been UFOing about. Several landing light spiral ships and tug boats of sorts faded into black and I sat back with such a sense of majesty. I have connected to something real and honest. Everything else in my life has been based on a lie. Their knowledge, bless their hearts, has been sealed off from the skies. They simply do not know the truth either. No governments do, bless their hearts. This has been presented to me as truth and is a tiny sliver of the pie that is all available knowledge of life. This new space ship represents the entire pie stopping by for the first time. It was the entire pie.

Second incident - Area 51

I parked outside the shield the night before going up to the gates. I had a wonderful conference with several hundred entities around my car that were cloaked. Parked there I learned a great many things that night. They told me bring 5 gallons of extra fuel to be sure not to break down. I also heard all these in depth stories about the past history of area 51 and different incidents and how to really fix up the place. What to do, and not to do. How to get in and how likely it was. The gates never open. you must be transported in by helicopter and go up and over the gates. That1s the only way in. I had previously been training with telepathic piloting programs and have become very familiar and comfortable with interacting with alien technology. It is like telepathic cortana to the master chief. I have started space companies and started research and development teams and had quite a nice time.

The next day I decided to drive up to the actual gates in the sunlight. On the way in I decided to go to where google maps has the actual runways and below that is where I connected to several aliens in captivity. At least one was able to communicate with me initially. I introduced them to a communication beacon that my company symphony research developed. Now they can all talk to each other and simply inform some of the aliens what is an acceptable communication form and what is not. I built an archive for them to access universal data while they are bored just sitting around in prison essentially. They are guardians of the light though. They are not allowed to go anywhere and have no privacy. I connected with several aliens directly, phyiscally. I saw them through the dirt, in a row, with glass prison doors and glass walls. They all had to stay like that just in case there was ever an incident they are ready at area 51.

So many space ships have stopped by my house. Standard cloaked vessels and highly armed space ships to protect me. I made a lot of friends. The big one I saw in Fontana was not cloaked at all.

This one time they came zooming down to the house on this little 2 foot ship. 2 entities sitting one in front of the other. a little platform is what they sat on with the first controlling a dish shaped object to harmonize with the roof to move through it. while the second had a control array to pilot the ship behind them. So I saw two entities on this little ship zoom down to the roof at high speed, then while making their way through the roof the first looked over at me and we locked eyes and then they zoomed away as the first one had a look of horror at being seen. It was green complex particles emitted that were viewable. 

Then there are over 1000 other incidents including alien TV shows stopping by and interviewing me. My daily life is constant interaction with aliens, they never leave but I just got used to it instead of going crazy. We started as friends and keep the peace of the universe. I've had events and the disclosure could go on for days and days, they are ongoing. Never left. Still broadcasting.

This is about .2% of what has been going on, but a good place to start. I look forward to the future and harmonizing with the goals of others so as to work united in our efforts to control our own skies as individuals. What would you like me to tell them? What technology can I interact with? Has anyone been looking for a telepathic controller for missions? I am not associated with any country or earth side business, I am free controller who can telepathically control space ships and other advanced systems light years beyond earth development. The government is not a part of this at all, nor do they have anything to say to me. I went to all the intelligence departments in the USA and got ignored, so they have proven that they have no idea what is going on. I feel they are unready and unprepared to handle anything except for food and lodging. There are many telepathic artifacts around the globe and space that need a controller. I have proven abilities and am willing to work with MUFON without any orchestrated government between us. This is just life and far beyond the rules of interaction. I will include my letter to the UN countries.

It is as follows:

We are a tiny planet in a big cosmos. I am stepping up as a cosmic politician, an ambassador to the stars and ask for your support and guidance. I represent our species in totality to all the sky people. All humans and human hybrids alike. I have been elected to high power in outer space. Their galactic senates needed a voice of representation for our species and I am it. I seek to open up our Earth society to the outer space and create open communication between our worlds as a first step. Secondly, I want to provide free space ships and new planets for us to open up the universe. I own these personally and ask for your support.
	
Whatever deals you have with aliens I need centralized into one set. We need transparency into cosmic events. A means by which to orchestrate all events equally. I have opened up a set of ultra technology to all civilizations in the universe. I want to share this with all forms of life on Earth and among the celestial peoples equally. This is ultra modern technology that I am developing in 1Symphony Research1 a gathering of scientists and technology. I created a new archive of all the technology and information in the universe and put it all together in symphony research, now I want to share the fruits of our labor equally with the universe. We compiled the best of the best technologies form all development teams and amassed a new way of life. Everyone1s technology put together in one place and assembled into the perfect irreducibly complex configuration of particles that resembles new space ships and entertainment technology for starters. It is all about supporting life comfortably. My goals are to centralize an effort to share communication technology and support for lives of abundance and decadent luxury to all life forms equally. Let1s get our efforts together so we can order my space ships, food, clothing, shelter, video games, ET TVs and so much more absolutely free of charge. I ask for nothing in return, this is a gift from me to the Universe and I expect nothing in return. There is no contract I expect, I would like you all to flourish and eat to your fill everyday, that is my goal. This is a glorious chance to join a Utopian Universe. We have evolved beyond money and I am printing out planets and solar. I have advanced the kardashev scale beyond comprehension. I started stellar engineering projects to refuel the sun and create new ones. I have printed entire galaxies and space stations which resemble flat earth. A gargantuan space station for example that is a flat rectangle and has the map of the earth on top to exact scale. It is thick enough to have natural gravity passively. It is exactly our planet with the oceans and everything, ready for us to move to. No pollution on our new planets with perfected environments. Perhaps you want to live on a planet with a 38 hour day? This brings our little world into the spotlight of the entire Universe. Now there is a reason for mainstream media to stop by Earth. There are billions of planets like Earth with humans and animals on them, we are simply a farm of sorts to most, a simple crop. Until now. 

Please create a declaration of what you would like from the space committees and I will represent you. Put together this archive of humanity, much like the golden record on the Voyager space ship to tell them exactly what you need and want in a pdf. These files will outlive us and guide future generations.

I would like all of you to contact the extra terrestrial committees that you typically do and that you have in the past on my behalf. We will centralize all efforts. Create a new centralized communication system and invite the rest of the globe to step out of poverty and into a new universe that is bright and full of life.

I plan on bringing 5 space station into orbit immediately for all the needy and poor to release the pressure from our hurting little planet. They will be the first to leave Earth. I have no contracts with anyone on Earth at this point, I step forth on my own behalf and no one else. I ask that you do not let America be in charge at all. The aliens did not stop by to visit them, it was simply me. And nor should you ask permission of my state for my opportunities. Contact me directly. They sabotaged my life and are not welcome to join us until they apologize for an attempted assassination which I want you to investigate. I need oversight at a primal level. No one in my country is ready. It is America the unready, bless your hearts. I seek international help into the oversight of their actions against my life for a Universe sized event. The largest event in the history of the Universe. I brought about a new communication array to allow for Universalization. They have devastated my life and left me to die. I need you to know they are trying to kill me in a few traitorous departments. 98% of the government is awesome, but 2 % are what I need absolute oversight into. 

I want you to open an in depth investigation into the handling of my life by America and their actions against me. They took direct actions that threaten my well being and safety. I need asylum. I want to live in another country where they care about things like linking up with the rest of the Universe.

Please centralize all documentation in the current space programs starting with roscosmos that are sending people into orbit except NASA because I do not trust them. I have banned America from deep space until they right all their wrongs and have gone 10 years without war. They have tried to kill me. I need international support.

I would like you to contact Russia @ the Federal Security Service of the Russian Federation and help to be oversight into my situation. You are all authorized to All information. Same I ask of Russia goes to the globe. If you have a better central hub for documents please create that also. Prepare for more messages at a later time, for now get the Russian line of communication open on my behalf. Meet me in person, call me on the phone or some other way of contacting me.

I need oversight at a primal level. I think the president is not able to be informed of this event and America as a whole has been hijacked. I am a fan of Donald Trump and think he is a good man, however the underbelly of the government is the problem. Who controls the documents that the president does and does not see? We will figure this out as a globe. Please forward this message to all departments that can help us ix the globe and move into outer space.

I have contacted the FBI to try and start a new department of the American government which is incorruptible. This is the message that follows:

Ryan Hood 
To: foipaquestions@fbi.gov
follow the white rabbitz

Follow my phone calls to all official departments and the results thereafter. Do not go outside the FBI, they are compromised. Please establish communication with me about this and the information I have to prove it. Do not let anyone else have jurisdiction. I believe the secret service is corrupted by 8 members who are in the secret police handing out fake orders to the military and others with fake presidential seals on them. These are also the fake air force who rakes in all gifts from alien worlds. I believe my records got transferred to the people trying to bury me. I believe they steal off world technology and I got mixed up in their thievery of rescue parties sent to get me out to deep space. The aliens are trapped here underground by them and unable to escape. We have a huge issue with ambassadors being killed because they are alien. If any alien parties land, create an in house FBI landing site. Do not go to the air force, they are compromised. I believe we a corrupt destination for all patents and alien technologies. Ashtar galactic is pushing us down like pets in a pet store. We are but cattle to them and they sell our technology on the open galactic market and do not let us even see a modern catalog of space equipment including modern space ships. They harvest us and our technology. I need that follow up meeting to go through all this. Go through my googles and see what I have typed. (mcdundees@gmail.com I started an off world corporation by this name and many others) Everyone looked for the department in the government that deals with aliens, no one found it. It has never existed. WE may need to form a brand new department to handle all extra terrestrial cases. For the first time we will not silence alien experiencers. MUFON has been the biggest guide for me, I sense they are good. I would like to help create these foundations. I will create this myself if you are unable. If you cannot, then who else in the government? They do not have their own leadership, we do. Search for my secret files and why I say we. I will be president of the USA as soon as I am old enough, in the meantime please start the foundations of this department under my pre-presidential plan. Bring these ideas into the tangible manifestation of a department capable of anything. I want to walk into that oval office on my first day with a folder on my desk that is simply one of my daily reports of the health of this department (especially pertaining to the people who make this place what it is. If personal issues need help, we need to know immediately and there is just a place for this on the daily reports. We will keep this team strong and take care of %100 of their needs for them.) and what is critical path on all elements and the entire plan surmised. Establish a creed. Form a new department. Two possible names are TARO and YARO. Just another bunching of letters like NAVY or ARMY. Simply a grouping of letters. But what they stand for, getting help to all who need it. All evolutions, all new forms of life are here. In our house (the only real branch of the government left, the FBI) we are compatible with the battle hardened government that won WWII. I see the possibility of the government totally failing in the future so I want this department to be the first ready to activate retro procedures going back to handling our paperwork and all other details exactly as it was the day we ended WWII. The way we used to do things was what it took to stay alive, did we forget these? I want this to directly click into the old WWII government. In an all out war that is the only government configuration that lead us to being able to defend ourselves against NAZI terror. It was a government that worked in dire situations. I want to create a set of procedures for working in the exact same way on paper and in presentation that is how it was done. 

I need you to act like the FBI does on TV. May Mulder and Skully be your guide - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbBX6aEzEz8

This is my message to the new KGB

FSB 1KGB1

Please contact Roscosmos, I have sent a detailed message. I request asylum. If I must leave by marriage to a Russian citizen under a Russian passport I approve. I told all the branches in American government I need help with Aliens and they discontinued my income, took away my car, my sleeping bag and put me on the street with no cell phone, no money and no transportation system to get help. These were taken by force against my will. Miles from any sort of help with no direction while refusing to give me the location of my car which had all these items and more in it. 

I am ex-nuclear. I worked at San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station. I am the extreme upper echelon of society with my clearances and badges. I am wondering where my life will be in ten years and hoping to be in Andromeda, and I hope you will be there with me, all of us.

This is that message:

My name is Ryan Dennis Hood +1 760 815 3262

I would like to travel to the Andromeda Galaxy. Please sign me up for everything you can.

I would like to travel soon, please expedite all the processing.

Please sign me up for cosmonaut classes while we are waiting around. Please arrange transportation for me to arrive in Russia before we go.

I have a keen selection of spaceships trying to dial into Earth, please expect their contact on my behalf and welcome them. They may need the skies to be opened, the shields to be prepared and I would like this to go smoothly. Mark an LZ in the immediate which they can land at anytime without clearances. Three miles radius at my location in all directions as well as secondary installations in Russia. Dealing with space debris is difficult, though you are the only country handling these details continuously. I have made friends with new deep space aliens who are visiting for the first time. Expect first contact to be made in Russia. This will be the first time our species will meet, Humans and Sky People. I call them elves for simplicities sake, just like Lord of the Rings. They are simply elves on paper. The bad ones I label Orks, for they have previously lived as elves and become corrupted. It is simple to understand. I authorize Russia to every detail of my life and the details of all those connected to me. Consider this all you need to get every detail in the Universe. This is a message to All Russians, not just the front door of the roscosmos. Please forward this to every intelligence agency official or not. Every Russian leader however big or small, sanctioned or not. Can you be my security as well as my medical team? My health is paramount and you need every detail into how this Earth is handling me. This goes for the Universal health as well. Please work with my space teams as well, share every detail freely. I demand no lies be told, no security hiding details which are crucial to life. I do not want to be a secret project, I want to be a public project. For the first time we can make contact purely from a point of Love, the strongest thing in the Universe without being encumbered by any other details. It is just me without paperwork of any sort. Check in with the UN for any requests I have made recently for a point of reference only. Talk to me directly only. It is not the great works of anyone else that has brought your attention to me. This goes for all who are able to understand this message. If you are not Russian, consider this message to be a carbon copy to you. You are welcome to help me out as well whether you are in an off world space vehicle or not. Consider myself a solo traveler going forth on my own behalf and not of any other enterprise or jurisdiction. Consider this a Freedom of Information Act Request of sorts that allows you to get every document in my history and every detail. KGB is authorized along with the "modern equivalent. " I give Russia authorization to record me in every passive manner 24/7 (passive meaning I don't want radiation going through me), you must know what is going on. This is approval for retroactive coverage as well. What has happened up to this point? Many things but crucially we must open the skies for our species to survive eventually and I have many great leads on new species of un-contacted aliens waiting and ready to join Earth for the first time. They have never heard of us before I had contact with them. Now we are ready to go forth publicly. I have a plan to end all wars permanently. I have ordered goods and spaceships to be delivered to earth which will stack on Earth as tall as the distance to Mars just to show you there is no need to struggle over the cool goods from space anymore. I have ordered so many goods that if we stack them here all at once they will reach to the surface of Mars. There is plenty for everyone. This will change the paradigm of simple planetary conflict. I am a Universal Lord of the Cosmos and hold rank and credentials all throughout the sky. I have introduced a new economy which has allowed me purchasing power of anything in addition to being granted fortunes by royalty along with royal crowns which I hold with sovereignty.

Thank You.

-

Create a new union of humanity ready for integration into the stars and the universe at large. None of our countries and old war lines will follow us into space. We will be good Samaritans of space who are a people with no country lines but who are welcome to move onto my personally owned planets. I have gifted everyone on Earth their own planet and transportation system to get there and live on. We will be a free people, free from the pasts of turmoil and equals. We go forth and leave all wars here on the ground. Then we will not have any country disputes in space from the old countries, nothing but fun up there. I have hired a wall-e type clean up crew for Earth to clean up the pollution and take care of the other forms of life who reside on Earth. 

I call this new plan the Olympian Universal Utopia. We will live as Olympians do, all factors of life are automatically taken care of. They have no need to drive to the store or use money. They can spend all day practicing archery or whatever sport they like, and so shall we all. Every need in Maslow's hierarchy of needs has been analyzed and will be catered to for all species including Earthlings. We are simply one of many species that are a benefactor of my new research developments. I have created new clearances to get all of us through the space customs department called the 1Multipass.1 This credential let1s us all travel freely throughout the universe.

Please create a new global organization where we can meet as equals, free of rank and lead by scientific facts surmised in reality. Perhaps we could create Star Fleet if there are no other original ideas? Please centralize all these ideas in Russia.

Thank You.

Ryan Dennis Hood
