{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-09 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454807","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106810","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3120,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/807/mufon-5454807.json","updb_database_id":5454807}
{jpg} Several UFO over Ga

Location: Atlanta
How many UFOs were visible?: 15
How far away was the UFO?: 500-2000 yds
Having seen the phenomenon many nights in a row a friend and I decided to mount spotting scopes cameras and high powered laser pointers to tripods in an effort to document the ongoing phenomenon in the Atlanta area and stabilize images. The closest object appeared to be 300 to 500 yards away and maybe 150’ high . As many as 15 to 20 objects were visible in the area and generally moving in a southwest direction, some very high some at tree top. Objects were obseserved to be stationary at times and then moving rapidly at others. The objects were recorded as they responded to a blue laser pointer. In the video you can see the object move to avoid the laser. Additionally you can see from the picture at some point, more than once the object seemed to manipulate the beam causing a mushrooming effect of the light. the total time of the encounter was about two hours it would be noted whem pointing optical or digital based observation tools (cameras and scope)directly on the objects, we found it seemed focusing was unusually difficult as if reflecting direct light. Almost like cloaking. We also found focus could be achieved by viewing from an angle or the corner of your eye. Once we used the laser the object came very close and seemed intent on observing us. As we continued to focus on the closest object of about 15 another had come in behind us in relatively low altitude and proximity. Displaying a pack hunting type of approach. When we turned back and the original object had dropped below the tree line. We observed the pack movements a while longer and left. I would note i have witnessed and recorded these objects in Hawaii as well in the last two months. Those are the clips using a green laser. The objects appear similar. Personally I just wanna know I’m not crazy.
