{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-12 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489807","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69798","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3077,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/807/mufon-5489807.json","updb_database_id":5489807}
friend spots ufo directly above us as we were watching out for the meteor shower.

Me and a friend decided that on the night we would go out to a field directly behind my house to see the meteor shower as we both loved stargazing and i personally loved just spending hours looking at stars, satelites, etc. We went to the field as there was limited light so we could see the night better. The night sky was very clear as it was a new moon also and no cloud coverage, we thought it was perfect to go up and check out the meteors. We got to the field about 10:20 pm, 10 minutes before the ISS (international space station) was due to fly past so we made sure we made it up to see that. The night was a great success with many meteors spotted and also the ISS. I decide i would sit up a little and make myself a cigareete so i wasnt actully looking at the sky at this time and was looking down. About one minute later my friend who was still looking at the sky suddenly got up and grabbed me and called my name to look up, ''what the hell is that?'' he said as i looked up and thought i would probably just see a plane or a big satelite, but no as i looked directly above us where thre huge reddish white lights at first in perfect line formation, it ascended right above us the lights looked to be the lights of maybe one big craft above us, i cannot expalain how big it was in comparision to distance but it had come down a bit now and the lights where bigger as it came down. Shocked, i then watched as it went at great speed heading northwest to a main road, the lights where beciming more faint at this point but also the shape went from a line to almost a V shaped craft but all the way through the sighting the actual craft was not visisble and was almost like a plasma looking material in the way of the object only showing the lights themselves, the sighting lasted maybe 30-40 seconds and had i had collected my thoughts quick enough i would have attempted to get a photo or video with my phone but i was too much in shock, i literally couldnt breathe nor speak for about 5 minutes, i have no idea what it was but the 3 things that stood out for me where 1. the size
2. the fact there was no sound whatsover and with a craft so big and low you would have expected some noise.
3. the speed of the craft as it took off from stand still was unnatural to any aircraft at all. 
My friend didnt really believe in ufos until the night we saw this and still we cannot explain at all what it was.
