{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-03-20 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496807","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62572","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2779,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/807/mufon-5496807.json","updb_database_id":5496807}
{cak} Saw over water. Decended into water. Lite up water for 1/2 mile ea dir.

A female friend and I were walking along the beach at about 10:30P.M. during March break in 1968. As we were walking along we noticed a disk shaped object, red on the top and bottom with a blue band across the width of it and green lights evenly spaced around the circumference of the blue band out over the water. The green lights seemed to pulsate and as we watched the disk began to descend. It took quite a long time to descend into the water but when it went into the water it lite the water up for at least half a mile in each direction from it's point of entry. I judged the craft to be about 3/4 to one mile off shore but it seemed like the craft was over 200 feet in diameter.

After the water stopped glowing bright red we began to continue to walk south along the beach. After about 10 minutes we ran into an older couple and I made a vague inquiry about whether they observed anything out over the ocean. The man replied "thank God, we thought we were the only ones who saw it". I then asked the man what it was that he thought he had seen and he and his wife described exactly the same object that we had observed and described the exact same decent and glowing water that we had seen. 

I was only 14 at the time and am now 59 but I will never forget what I saw that night. I can tell you with certainty that what we saw was not of this world. All my life I've been a lover of anything mechanical. I've followed the development of aircraft and space craft since I was old enough to understand what they were. I love technology and always have and always will. It's like I was hard wired to be this way. since that sighting I have always accepted that we are not alone in this universe. Anyone who believes we are is either very narrow minded or just plain uninformed. What we saw was not of this world and nothing that I know of that has been developed over the past 45 years has been able to do what we saw this craft do that night. It was not parallel with the horizon but instead was on a 45 degree angle to the horizon and maintained that angle during the decent into the ocean.
