{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-01-01 22:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505807","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53030","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2586,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/807/mufon-5505807.json","updb_database_id":5505807}
{rjl} taken too ship told to watch

i was woken up. couldn,t move saw small gray aliens. i could hear them in my head. they told me not be afraid. blcked out came too i was in space looking earth straped down facing a window. in my head it said im showing you earths creation. i saw two solar systems collide. very large explotion. and saw the planets form. this was like fast forward video. but it was real. i thought i died or somthing. i wasnt scared because the voice in my head sounded like james erl jones. and then it asked was their any thing els i wanted to know. then i was thinking must be dream. so i said i want to know what enstien knows. i was bad math in school so wanted to about quantum physics. i felt all this knoledg pooring in. i woke up i was very excited about what saw.this 1984 hamilton ohio one block north of where i live now. they want mr to buid a machine that doesnt excist yet. time machine. 1994 i built that machine it cost 1.3 millon. this a long story sorry for that. im spray painter the company i was working for is called c.i.p. they wsnt me to revrs engneer patened painting process called vacuform branding. useing all water base paint. so i had to keep a time log of my process. 1995 built the machine to get rid keeping logs. THE TIME MACHINE. my patrners tried steal my invintion by patening it. saying i had nothing to with it. but i only gave them half of the data. patent was rejected lack of data. this machine is still there.and operational its what the grays helped me build . its matrix time. two processes that proves its time machine. remeber i was bad math and designed and inevented this machine with there help. machine is 1995 le saint dr. fairfield ohio 45014. i don't work their now 2005 turned off the monopoly i created by walking away. i had a billion doller contract with kroger. want proof of aliens its me and my time machine. ps went f.b.i. in 2007 thet wouldnt help me unless i gave them the other half of patent. i did not trust them.
