{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-09-08 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499807","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59323","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5889,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/807/mufon-5499807.json","updb_database_id":5499807}
{jd} Spotted a triangular craft with red & white blinking light hovering above the trees.

On September 4, 2008, I was taking my usual evening bike ride and at around 9:15 pm I observed a low flying craft that I was unable to identify.

The first thing that drew my attention to the craft was the hum of its engine. It was a kind of hum-flutter sound. I have military, law enforcement, and some flight training, so I was more interested in trying to figure out what kind of craft it was when I first looked up and saw it down the street hovering over the trees. 

The aircraft was more or less in a kind of very slow moving hover mode.

The trees where I ride my bike are maybe 50 to 70 feet tall, and 
the craft was maybe another 50 feet or so above the trees. I1m not too good at estimating distances, but to me it was like looking at a school bus maybe a block away. 

The sky was very clear that night, and filled with visible stars, so the craft was very easy to see. I rode my bike until I was directly under it. I was traveling north very slowly on my bike, and the craft was traveling very slowly south (barely moving in a slow hover mode). 

The craft body was dark and triangular in shape, and had alternating red and white flashing lights evenly spaced about 2 feet apart all around it on all three sides. The nose of the craft had a dished out area that contained a high beam light. I could see the beam reaching up into the night sky. The light seemed to have the ability to turn as if it was searching the sky.

The body of the craft was for the most part just a dark colored area surrounded by the flashing lights. I really couldn1t make out any specific details. While I looked up at the craft I first thought it must be some kind of new helicopter (because it was so low and so slow moving, and the almost familiar flutter sound of the engine), but it was not shaped like any helicopter I had ever seen before, nor like any other aircraft I had ever seen before.

I took my eyes off of the craft for maybe a second or two to turn my bike around (from going north to going south to stay under the craft), and that moment the craft was gone. It was a completely clear night, I could see the stars in all directions, and there was not a single aircraft in the sky. At that moment I was convinced that what I had just seen was no ordinary aircraft. Again, it was like looking at a school bus sitting in an open field maybe 100 feet away, and then with a blink your eyes it is completely gone.

I rode my bike around for a while to see if I could spot it again, but no luck. I saw a couple walking together and asked them if they had seen anything unusual in the sky, they said know. 

When I got home I called the local Police Department (MPD) to inquire if anyone had called in to report seeing anything unusual in the sky. The lady I talked to said no, and asked why. I told her what I had seen and she sounded interested, but I1m sure she probably thought I was a nut1I felt like one just telling her the story.

I also tried to call the local airport control tower, but got a recording that they closed at 9 pm.

The next morning I called the airport control tower again, and was put in contact with the lady who was on duty that night. I told her my story, and asked if she knew of any aircraft that might come close to that description that would fly in our general area? She advised me that there were a few craft in the sky before 9 pm, but nothing at all recorded after 9 pm, and nothing at all at any time traveling north to south. She seemed interested, so we chatted about it for a few minutes. She mentioned that a nearby air force base had a lot of traffic going in and out of it, but I1m not sure what 1nearby1 air force base she is talking about?

Attached is a rough draft of the shape of the craft using my Paint Shop software, but the corners of the craft were more rounded (not sharp angles as depicted in the drawing. The circle in the front represents the flood light that I saw there.

[Name, address, phone number, and email removed/cms/tg]

Note: Over the next few days I mentioned my experience to a few of my close friends (including my Priest), but only my friend '[Name removed/cms/tg]' (who I have know for about 40 years) believed me. I told my Priest as we were chatting just before giving my confession. He smiled at me and kind of shrugged his shoulders as if to say 1OK, if you say so1.

Since then I have learned that few people are ever going to take such a story seriously. No wonder people are hesitant to share their stories.

As a Professional photographer I always have a camera close by, what a time not to have one. A week after the incident I did a lot of research on the best camera to use to take such photos, especially at night. The Canon VIXIA HFG10 seemed to be the best bet, but they retail for $1499.001I bought one anyway. Since then I have hoped to be able to maybe see that craft again so that I can photograph it.

In my opinion the craft I saw was probably something new the military was working on. If it were extraterrestrial, why would they have red and white ID marker lights all around it?
