{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503001","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55973","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2371,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/001/mufon-5503001.json","updb_database_id":5503001}
Huge, Silent Triangle with 3 large rectangular light panels on the bottom of it

We were on our way home from working night shift, coming down the road to our home there is a hill where we saw something hovering. As we got closer it became much bigger . It was hovering just offside our road extremely low to the ground and when we got up too it our car was almost underneath it. We turnd the car off and jumped out and stood almost directly underneath it just staring up . It was around 5 am, we live in the countryside and there was no noise to be heard at all. Pure silence. As we looked at it , it seemed to make a jumbo 747 look like a baby plane in comparison. It was a dark or black triangle and had 3 white rectangular panels of light under it so from where we looked at it , there was one rectangle above and two underneath all horizontal. The light was all evenly bright, no fluttering or movement of it. We stared at it for about 15 minutes looking at eachother like now what. Then very suddnely it changed direction and zipped of diagonally to the east and dissappeard within seconds and without a sound. My husband still refuses to think it could be from another planet but he cannot refuse to admit what he saw. However 2 nights prior to this sighting I got up in the middle of the night to get a glass of water. When I went to the kitchen window I saw an object off to the east with colored lights (red, yellow, green) and it was doing manouvers like movine up , down, to the side and stopping each time. I could not see that well so went to get my binoculars. I could see much better but it was at quite a distance. I observed this strange movement until it dissapeard. I feel lucky to have witnessed these events. Whether alien or earthly they were a sight to see.
