{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495001","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64453","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2395,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/001/mufon-5495001.json","updb_database_id":5495001}
{nd} Bright orange globe hovering very low then moving away and increasing altitude then dropping red light from bottom

My roommate, daughter and I were driving west on highway 78 past Nordahl drive and directly out my driver side window looking south I saw a Orange globe a hundred or so feet above the ground, I said what is that and they both looked as we drove past it. We got off at next exit while they continued to watch it and then drove down the frontage road south of freeway trying to get another look at it. It was moving east and gaining a lot of altitude quickly. I turned right on a road going up a hill to get a better look and we pulled over to get a video, we watched as it quickly moved away and watched it drop a red light out of the bottom which disappeared. The object is moving quickly away and moving different directions then suddenly dropped a long distance quickly then stopped and hovered again, then started moving farther and farther away until we could not see it. 
We then started home again hoping to see it again from the top of Twin Oaks rd heading into San Elijo Hills we pulled over into park did not see it again but then a shooting star flew across to the north west but we could see that burn up and disappear. 
It was very clear sky with full moon rising from the East.
This episode made my daughter very upset and she said she felt like she was going to throw up.
At first I thought maybe a balloon or someone was playing with a drone but this does not explain it going from a few hundred yards away to out of sight over the mountains of Escondido in less then 5 minutes and rising to the heights of airplanes flying through the night sky. 
If anyone knows what this was that explains it I would love to know and put my daughter at ease because she was very scared.
