{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-06 04:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475001","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85303","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2798,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/001/mufon-5475001.json","updb_database_id":5475001}
Almost 2 seconds in, look straight up from the streetlight and see another UFO photobomb the first UFO.

It was 4:41 a.m. on a hot summer night, with no stars and no clouds.

I was waiting to feed a stray dog. When he yelps, I go feed him. This time, he came at about 4:30 in the morning. It was a clear night and there were no stars.

I decided to look out the front window because I noticed one time a few weeks prior that as I was watching a man ride the road on his bike, there was a large white light very low that moved and disappeared at will, at the same time 4:30 a.m.

I looked out the front window and I seen that low bright white light. It looks diamond shape. It was too low to be a star. I decided that I would videotape it since I had my ipad handy.

I was able to open the window totally and there is no screen in that window so I am videotaping in the open air and not through a window or screen.

In the videotape, you see the streetlight, its the big light.

To the upper right of the streetlight, you see the white light that I am filming.

When you look at the UFO close in the video, you see some sort of movement of the light. It's not just a stationary light. It's pulsing or something.

As soon, as the video plays, look immediately above the streetlight.
Almost 2 seconds in, another white light appears momentarily and disappears. It is the same size as the first UFO I am filming.

Note: I videotaped on July 14th at 4:30 am and the same light was there stationary.

Note: I videotaped again on July 18th at the same time, 4:30 a.m. and this time there was a giant triangular shape of lights, many times bigger than the little light I was filming. There was also a little ship that traveled through the sky and disappeared. These items were too high and could not be seen by my ipad. What's interesting is that I wasn't scared of seeing this. I felt calm and soothed. I stayed awake and checked periodically and with the rising sun, the lights disappeared and could not be seen anymore.

I'm sending a 16 second video of the UFO when it was photobombed on July 6th, 2017.
