{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-10-20 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505001","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53875","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3256,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/001/mufon-5505001.json","updb_database_id":5505001}
{nd} out my back window the craziest thing I've ever seen

I'm kicking back in my front room watching TV. When I feel and hear a very low frequency hub and vibration. I stand up turn around and looked out my back window.approximately 30 to 50 feet away from me and a little to the left I see the most colorful scary beautiful object I've ever seen. Under my breath or in my mind I said Oh s*** they're real. As soon as I said or thought that a super thin bean shot out of the craft through my next door neighbors trailer and directly to my rights it's slowly started to move towards me and I thought to myself I should probably move. But I could not I was paralyzed I could move my eyes I could breathe but I could not move. The beans slowly move towards me and as soon as it hit my eyes I was laying on my floor looking straight up at my ceiling with my eyes open still paralyzed. I mumbled under my breath for my girlfriend to help Me.she heard the distress in my voice and instantly started to shake me, And say my name and asking me what was wrong.her touch broke me free of the paralytic state. I gave her short description of what happens she was kind of freaked out but not seeing it herself I'm not sure what she believed. For some strange reason I didn't talk about it for a long time didn't even think about reporting it or ask anyone else about it. But ever since that day there has been this small Bb like object just underneath my skin on my right upper thigh. But there is no mark showing how it got in there. a few times since then I have had the paralyzed sensation but never seen anything like that again. The question of whether or not aliens exist or whether they are visiting this planet has been answered. There is absolutely no Earthly explanation for what I saw.I am willing to take a polygraph to prove that what I am saying is truefor those who try to tell me that this was a dream. Let me tell you that there was nothing unusual or out of the ordinary to make me believe that this was a dream. Even if you have a dream about a real life event there's always something very peculiar in the dream like a chicken wearing a tuxedo or something just not real.some might even say that the UFO itself was the strange thing.say what you will but I know the difference between a dream and real life and I'm pretty sure I would have had another dream or something like that in my 42 years of life.lucid and vivid dreams Do happen but are easily discernible from real life. this was my trailer this was my backyard this was a UFO.I would very much like to know what this thing is in my leg and would love to have it removed. Thank you for your time. "D"
