{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5531001","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24457","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3147,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/001/mufon-5531001.json","updb_database_id":5531001}
Intense beam of light, low humming noise, fog visible in beam.

It was the early morning hours, and I awoke facing my wall that I slept next to with a strange premonition/feeling. A feeling I was getting urged me to roll over. So I rolled over, and visible was a thick, white beam, about as wide as a gallon-bucket of paint, piercing through my bedroom wall from the outside of the house in the opposite side of my room. From there, the beam pointed at an angle to about the center of my floor, and pierced down through. A faint, almost electrical hum was audible, as well as a hazy, light smoke that was only visible in the path of the beam. This beam was very dense and bright itself, but it only slightly lit the rest of the room. 

I felt rather nervous and worried (but oddly enough fairly calm), not knowing what I was seeing. But rather than get up to check things out, I automatically rolled over and pulled the covers over my head. From there I'm not sure if I actually fell back asleep right away, or what. I usually have trouble sleeping, especially if something has made me alert, but I don't remember anything else until the next morning.

I walked downstairs into the kitchen where my roommate, who had the bedroom located directly below mine, was. I mentioned to her that I saw something strange in the early hours of that morning, and that's when she asked me if I was refering to the light. I was glad to find out that I was not the only one who saw it, and she began to describe what she saw. 

She told me she saw a beam of light coming through the center of her ceiling and it came down at an angle to the opposite corner of the room from which the beam entered my room. In addition to the beam, she said there was an incredible bright light shining through her window. She says she got up and closed her blinds to make it go away, and then she went back to bed.

The fact that she saw the same beam I did, pointing in the same direction at the same location, shining through my floor and coming out of that point in her ceiling, really makes me wonder to this day, if there was just that beam, or something more. My blinds were closed and I had a blanket hung up to block out most light, so I did not observe anything bright coming through my window.

As well, I am alarmed at how calm I was facing a scenario that would scare the daylight out of me if I saw it right this moment, which makes me curious as to whether I fell back asleep at all, or whether through my own will or others' intervention, I don't want to remember...
