{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-18 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530001","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25500","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3553,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/001/mufon-5530001.json","updb_database_id":5530001}
Slow moving orange/gold fireball or light from east to west

In my living room I have a picture window that faces north where I can see a fair bit of the sky to the north of Pekin, IL above North Pekin, Creve Coeur and East Peoria. I'm used to seeing planes/helicopters and kind of keep an eye out for them. The Peoria airport is 10mi or so to the northwest and lifeflight is active in the area.

What I seen last night is foreign to me. I can not explain this event. I don't necessarily think it has to be alien in nature, it could very well be some man made event. However, I do keep an open mind and it's a certainty that we're not alone in the universe. I am 36 years old, married, and father of twin 4 year old boys. I do not use drugs or drink alcohol. I was an infantry soldier in the Illinois National Guard from 1990-1992.

At about 8:40pm (+- 2 mins) on 18 september 2010 I had the lights off in the living room while I was watching some tv and eating a snack. Out of the corner of my eye I caught a light in the sky and focused my attention on it. It was orange and not something I'm used to seeing.

I walked outside to have a better look. There was some cloud cover and I didn't see any stars. During the daylight hours we had been under a uniformly covered grey sky. I am assuming the night was more of the same. A couple hours after this event it was a little foggy and rainy.

The light itself was orange with some gold to it. It was flickering a bit and it appeared to me that the flickering was either caused by the various density of cloud cover between it and me or it was simply on fire. It was bright enough to see it through the clouds, but it did not brighten them or cast a glow around it. It was about as bright as Venus. It moved in a straight line and didn't seem to deviate in it's motion or speed. It didn't instantly extinguish itself, it took about 10 seconds for it to disappear once it started to fade.

The time I first noticed the light to when it faded out was about 2 minutes. It travelled from the east to the west and I would estimate from my vantage point it was at 315deg when I first seen it and 10deg when it faded. Due north being 0deg. Elevation was approximately 50-55deg

I'm using the word faded, but I'm not sure if the object actually faded or if the cloud cover got thick enough to block it out. I kept looking for a couple of minutes to see if it would reappear. It did not. I spent enough time outside to completely smoke a cigarette.

There was no sound that I could hear from the object.

I checked the satellite flyby database and didn't see anything matching the location. I have not contacted the airport or any other officials. I noticed some other reports of a light loosely matching my description here in Illinois in the past. Could this be part of an ongoing event? 

Please feel free to email me if you have or need any additional information. I will assist with anything I can. Thanks!
