{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453001","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108631","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3396,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/001/mufon-5453001.json","updb_database_id":5453001}
Hilarious. There is no short description possible.

THE DATE IS NOT ACCURATE. I COULD NOT SELECT THE CORRECT DATES BECAUSE IT ISN'T JUST ONE DAY ANYWAY. IT ALSO OCCURRED YEARS AGO BUT I COULD NOT SELECT ANY YEAR. I CONTINUE TO SEE VIDEOS OF THEM AT LEAST WEEKLY. THIS IS CAUSE FOR CONCERN. THE REPORT, AS SUCH, FOLLOWS.

Imagine seeing not one, not two, or even three UFOs. Imagine instead several UFOs in the sky above you, some moving, some stationary, some whizzing off to who knows where. Now imagine that that is not even close to being the end of it. Further, imagine multitudes of UFOs coming to greet you. Sounds impossible? Unlikely, or some kind of hallucination or even hoax?

Wait, it gets better.

Now imagine they told you something imminent was coming. Something so terrible that you cannot or are afraid to even tell anyone about it. No one will believe you or they might even send you for 'treatment'. So you call MUFON, because of course they will understand, right? Now imagine that the information you have is so sensitive and so completely unbelievable that you wish to convey this information only to the head of MUFON - Jan Harzan. 

Imagine that he will not take your meeting, because "No CEO in the world works like that". In other words, no matter what I said to the investigator, she would not agree to set a meeting.

And unless MUFON responds to this sighting report, that's the answer I will give when I am asked, "Why didn't you go to MUFON?"

So MUFON, the ball is in your court, and you have the last word. What will it be? Remember, this is the answer that will 'live in infamy'. For my part, I am faced with going to the government with the information I have. I don't mind telling you, I will treat that foray as though I am not coming back.

Nevertheless, I forgive MUFON, Linda, and Jan Harzan. it's the only way to be.

Peace.
PS - This form does not serve my sighting, as it was far more than that. A sighting, I mean. It's is painfully limited, as it forces one answer which may not apply. For example, 'elevation'. Well, I saw so many vehicles that I could select any of those answers and it would be right. Yet it would be incomplete.
PPS - As far as 'landing evidence' goes, it may still be possible to see some kind of circular remnants. I did not see any, but at that particular time, I was perhaps 50 feet from the two acorn-shaped vehicles which parked there. So I don't know if they left marks or not. I just wanted to get out of there.
PPPS - Is is ironic indeed that MUFON itself has some video evidence of some of what I saw. One of the many different crafts. And, by the way, it's not pill-shaped, or tic tac shaped. Of course, with the limited information available, it's not unreasonable to come that (erroneous) conclusion.
I leave you in peace.
