{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-18 19:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487001","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72676","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6008,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/001/mufon-5487001.json","updb_database_id":5487001}
Cloaked vehicle and entity in my back yard appear translucent in picture taken, same vehicle as Apollo 17 on moon, see details.

I believe this may be one of the most outstanding, if not the most important proof that aliens do exist.

I occasionally take pictures. June 18th 2011 I took one very special picture...without knowing it. It was only when I took a few minutes later that evening to look at my pictures, I saw what you may see in the provided attachments. What struck my attention was the sun rays and how they went bent out of line in two separate ways, yet nothing in my picture is bent or curved (all objects are as they should be). If you look carefully past or through the sun rays however, on the ground near my cement slab and tree there are two translucent objects. One is what I believe to be a flying space vehicle as I will explain further and the other near the tree is actually not an object but rather and entity, the pilot. I believe the fact the sun was shining in the background disturbed the cloaking system and is what made seeing the object and the being translucently possible. In fact, looking carefully at the craft, observe the sun rays as they reflect off the top right portion of the vehicle and change the color of the rays there on...a redish.

Here is a link to a document explaining how light rays (sun rays...in open space travel straight lines) could be bent or curved as per Albert Enstein1s theory of relativity and scientists of today. http://www.thenakedscientists.com/.../ques.../question/2867/ Also explained in French : http://www.astronomes.com/la-fin-des.../relativite-generale/

I never made any fuss about it, though I always knew there was something in that picture. Several weeks ago, four years later, I saw this movie in which are shown multiple pictures and video footage from some of the Apollo missions to the moon, particularly in 1972, Apollo 17, the last apparent mission to the moon
[Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]

At about 2:40 into the film, some of Nasa1s official unpublished pictures taken by the Appolo 17 crew in 1972 (see the picture at approximately 2:56...I will provide the digital picture). Imagine, with technologies developed enough to travel in outer space at incredible speeds what other capabilities distant civilizations might have. Considering the subject, if it were possible, compare those to ours1and are we that far behind? Most people would think so. Imagine, a system with the power to create electromagnetic fields of force capable of opposing gravity, a cloaking system affecting the human vision, but not that of numeric digital photography as we have everywhere today, given certain circumstances such as those surrounding my picture. Could it be possible that we are not being told the truth, the whole truth, nothing but the truth? A vehicle such as the one in that picture taken by Nasa may not have changed much since 1972...observe my picture in every detail. There is an object (the vehicle) translucent right in dead center of the sun rays (where they are forced to curve going around the object instead of straight as rays normally travel) and look to the left near the tree...also cloaked from human vision1a ghostly shade in the shape of a humanoid being. Note that the ground near the ciment slab is slightly higher than the ground where I am standing to take the picture and is in a slant going downward. You can see that the object/vehicle is following that angle or slant. (Again, see the other picture for lines contouring the object and the being).

The mechanical system of that vehicle in my opinion emits the required force field to allow it to travel weightlessly which is affecting the time and space surrounding it by electromagnetism (or other magnetic gravity control system). Knowing my yard and area I estimate the space affected to be around six to eight feet. Evidently, the technology they possess allows them to travel without us seeing them, without sound or noise. As for cloaking, see the Harry Potter invisibility cape, technology they may have exchanged with us now produced by the US Army http://www.20minutes.fr/.../1690139-20150918-etats-unis

I am providing a copy of the original digital picture and several copies reworked, including negative/inverted versions using Fiji/ImageJ.

Life elsewhere than planet Earth?...I believe you have to be totally insane or ignorant to think we are alone in such a vast Universe1infinity in fact.

[Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]

I hope this will be useful and helpful in forcing disclosure once and for all. We know they exist, but maybe the US government have them under siege with weapons of mass destruction, etc.

"R"
