{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-01 05:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528001","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27601","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2933,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/001/mufon-5528001.json","updb_database_id":5528001}
Bright star or planet-like white light plus periodic red/orange/bluish light in northwest sky

My husband and I have had a morning tradition for almost a decade of having coffee without artificial lighting so we can enjoy the stars when possible or perhaps an occasional owl. We sit typically for about 20-30 minutes around 5:30am before getting ready for work. We sit at a window overlooking a man-made pond and greenbelt beyond that. We know what to expect to see of our wintertime north-facing sky and terrain.

This morning we saw a very bright, planet-like, light in the northwest sky which reflected in the pond. It had a periodic reddish/orange light and what seemed to be an occasional faint aqua-colored light. We assumed it was a plane enroute to Seatac airport, but it never moved. We also considered that perhaps it was a plane moving away from us on a direct bearing towards the northwest. What made no sense to us was why we would be able to detect a red light at such a distance for so long a time. Either it should fade away as it left or land at Seatac, but a red light could not possibly stay the same; it would have been enormous at such a long distance had it been moving away from us, and unlike any planes we've ever seen with their running lights. 

We drank two cups of coffee and still it seemed not to have moved. By about 5:50ish we realized that it had dropped a little towards the horizon and was positioned more centrally north. We were able to look at it through binoculars the whole time, but never saw a solid object, only the lights.

I wished that I could have stayed with it to watch it as the sun came up, but we had to get ready for work. By the time I left today at 6:20am, it was still there. My husband has an engineering background and did not want to talk about it and, in fact, seemed a little irritated, I think because there was no logical explanation for what we were looking at. For us, it certainly was an unidentified moving "object" just not sure if it were flying or not.

As a small epilogue to this narrative, while driving to work, it was still very dark, the sky brilliant and the air cold and dry. To the South over Tiger Mountain, I could see an unusually bright planet, probably Saturn or Jupiter? Not sure, but it's about the right location where we would see those planets.
