{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-03 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458854","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102670","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2788,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/854/mufon-5458854.json","updb_database_id":5458854}
{cak} Large Craft Hovers then

On an evening in early November 2017, I was standing outside of a bar with friends while they smoked cigarettes. (I was the designated driver and did not drink that evening). As they smoked, I walked roughly 15 feet south, put my hands on my hips, faced Southwest, and looked up. To my surprise, there was silent, triangle-shaped craft (dark grey or black) hovering above me; the tip of the craft directly above my head. The object was triangle-shaped (solid in the middle, not shaped like a V), and the sides were both lined with 3 lights each (no light at the tip). Each light emitted a warm, yellow/orange light, outlined in red, which appeared molton-like, almost like the mirage effect given off of a hot pavement road in the sun. When I looked into the lights, I felt a positive/blissful emotional connection to the craft, like the feeling you get when seeing a puppy or baby. After staring at the lights for a few seconds, I looked over at my friends and screamed at them to look up. It was strange because they acted like they couldn't hear me. I looked back up at the craft and just when I thought to myself "what's going to happen next?" the lights along the wings crossed over each other (lights from the left wing bolted to the right, in unison and out of view, and simultaneously the lights from the right wing bolted to the left and out of sight). The craft then swung backwards and upwards into the sky. The motion of the craft was exactly like a swing, but in reverse. I feel it's worth noting that the moment I began thinking about how I would explain this to everyone I know, the lights did the complicated movements, and the craft zoomed BACKwards, in the opposite direction I would've expected. The strangest part of this sighting is the emotional connection/reaction I had; I can't explain this, but it felt like the experience was specifically for me. Roughly 6 months later, I experienced a 24 hour time loss, which I will submit in another report. I didn't think much of it, but after further research, it seems that some would suggest a correlation between these incidences. Thank you for taking the time to share in this experience with me.
