{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-05-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521854","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34355","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3221,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/854/mufon-5521854.json","updb_database_id":5521854}
main large staionaty object in the sky then followed by lower moving objects

Every spring my brother and I and our cousin go to my brothers cabin in northern michigan to install his docks at his lakehouse cabin. Every fall we take them out due to the lake freezing. After working to install the docks and shorestation (2.5 hours) we walked up to his deck\porch and relaxed on the patio laying in deck chairs that reclined back. This was around noon and after about ten minutes of catching our breath and getting hydrated my cousin had said, that satellite hasnt moved in 5 minutes. It took us a couple of minutes to locate what he was looking at and determined this was either too big or too low to be a satellite. After grabbing my nephews telescopes inside the cabin we struggled to get the object in view due to low qulity telescope and for every mm we turned to dcope we seemed to moves miles in the wrong direction in the sky. About the time we were taking turns trying to get this object in the telescope three military fighter jets came from three different directions over the forest we were nestled in, we didn't even hear them until they had passed and our chests shook from the vibrations from the jets, that how fast they were flying. The only known air force base in the area closed almost 20 years ago.the jets each took a turn moving closer to the stationary object we had been trying to get a closer look at for 20 minutes and each jet would get about the same distance away and the free fall and fly in the opposite direction never to be seen again. the stationary object remained. then about 5 minutes later my cousin had had yelled to me to come quick to where was standing and said I just missed it. Missed what I said, he said he doesnt know how to explain what he saw, then all of a sudden 2 balls of light rose from the tree line behind the cabin, moved like they were biological and moving in no pattern but left to right up and down arcing and weaving, this happened for only 6 or 7 seconds before the pulsated three times going from silver to orange to amber back and forth then skyrocketed across the lake at about 100 in the air and left some sort of vapor trail that lasted for about 1.5 seconds. I checked local papers and nobody else reported seeing this. I must state that the three of us never saw anything like this before, never believed in this before and rarely talk about this today. We are all family men with responsible jobs and have drug use or any reason to make this up. My brother wont even talk to me about what we saw because he deals with mathematical science and cant grasp what we saw.
