{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-08-15 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477854","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82294","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2400,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/854/mufon-5477854.json","updb_database_id":5477854}
{rjl} Appeared to be moving in the stratosphere. Best description several bright white fluorescent tube thousands of feet long.

My sighting took place in the summer of 1975. Aprox. time between 5-6am. Over far north Dallas (Richardson) At the time, that far north was mainly rural farm land. At first I was not sure what I was looking at, in fact, it took me a second to realize that what I was seeing was actually real. Best description would be if you could imagine several super bright white fluorescent tubes of light moving across the sky. Each of them, right behind the other in a straight line. Each flashing on and off randomly as they went across the sky. From the time I first saw the lights, till the time they disappeared at the horizon, was about 2 minutes. I knew that they were relatively at a very high altitude, as I watched them disappear across the horizon, as they appeared to follow the curvature of the earth. During the entire event, no sound was heard. The description of the landscape that far north of where I was, is mostly flat land. When the last of these lights disappeared at the horizon, and just before I turned to go back to my car, the lights instantly dispersed from the same point of where they had originally disappeared to, but each went in a different direction, and did so literally in a flash. Had I blinked, I would have missed it. When you see an aircraft flying at that altitude, they appear to be tiny, as in fractions of an inch, yet these were huge in length, like several inches in length. I have never since then seen anything like it. 

I would be seriously interested in knowing if there are others who witnessed this event that summer 42 years ago. At that altitude, it had to be seen throughout several states. Not knowing what it was, leaves you anxiously wondering.
