{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483854","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75996","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2653,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/854/mufon-5483854.json","updb_database_id":5483854}
Objects arrived in pairs, reached a hovering point, changed direction and faded in the distance.altitude seems extremely high

By the Red Sea.
Three fireballs at one point were in the sky, thought they were stars, how odd to find three stars looking that way, not one. but then they moved and disappeared into the horizon. Told my self, they must be planes, but planes don't exist ever so close to each other.
Then 2 more lights appeared from the distance, came closer or more high in the sky exactly in the east, which is the point where they seemed to stop, one light would take off into the East until it fades, the next light follows, until they are both gone. Then, from the same point in the South East, two more lights show up. Happened over 3 times. Very structured path, predictable. Almost looked like fire flakes in the sky, a friend saw it, thought maybe they were the remains of fire works that had just been fired. like I said they seem like fire flakes or balls. But fireworks don't move that way obviously. She couldn't understand what they were
I felt overwhelmed because the sighting continued for a while and because I saw these lights do the same thing over and over. I told myself it can't be a sattelite nor plane, what is it? Then I couldn't sleep thinking about it. I've only started believing in UFOs like a year ago so it was shocking. 
I lost sight bec they dimmed after moving slowly away into the East. But only one light seemed to hover after going into the East, then drop/descend. It could have been descending in a different country, the distance seemed enormous, like I thought "it could be as far away as a star or as a plane" I couldn't tell. He fireball/orange light seemed the size of a water drop or like twice/four times the size of the brightest star in the sky.

Worth noting friends traveling to the Red Sea from Cairo 2-3 weeks ago saw something also in the sky, but they should tell their own story
