{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-11 21:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494854","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64604","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2457,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/854/mufon-5494854.json","updb_database_id":5494854}
{cak} disk of 8 lights, 1 in center rotating and tumbling while moving from west to northwest from viewpoint

Approx 9:45 took dogs to the back yard. Noticed an extremely bright light about 25 deg up from horizon over neighbors house that speared to slightly bob up and down. Brought dogs in and grabbed my binoculars. Went out front and the light had dropped to about 20 deg and through the binoculars appeared to be eight lights surrounding a central light. The lights moved as a disk that was slowly tumbling and rotating. It took 3 to 5 seconds to go from edge on to full circle. This entire time it was moving down and to the northwest. Called my wife out look who observed the same tumbling motion and was frankly freaked out by what we were seeing. 

Low thin clouds were moving in from the north, dimming the object so we went inside, checked the time on the television and it was 9:49.

Went back out at 10:01 according to the tv and the light was no longer in view. Searched the sky and noticed a plane with dual landing lights and navigation lights blinking to the north and what appeared to be a high altitude plane north-northeast by the navigation lights through the binoculars.

During the observation a neighbor was checking his mail and we chatted about how bright the light was. Brighter than the street lights on our street.

Multiple checks up to about 11:30 there were no other observations of unusual lights.

Elevation readings are approximate and taken later with a compass, ruler and level to get the reading of where the light was seen using the neighbors house and power lines as reference.

Did not attempt to photograph because the multiple lights were not discernible by naked eye. Do not have a camera with zoom lens.
