{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-21 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289854","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113498","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2551,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/854/mufon-5289854.json","updb_database_id":5289854}
Caught a triangular shaped object behaving strangely in the night skies above my house.

Roughly just over an hour before midnight on 21st January 2021, whilst sitting in my garden, smoking a cigarette and watching the winter night sky, I had spotted 3 purple lights in a triangular formation. Now I found this to be quite odd, but didn't think too much of it at first, as I know that my house is on a flightpath for London Heathrow Airport (roughly 30-40 miles to the east of me). However I spotted them moving from a south western direction rather quicker than a usual commercial aircraft. I live on the edge of a small town named Tadley in Hampshire, as I these lights approached the boundry of the town they suddenly stopped to become stationary. They stood still for a good 2 or 3 minutes or so, at this point I was rather intrigued to what it could have been. The speed could not have been commercial, and I have never seen a military aircraft move like this. I am very familiar with military aircraft in the area due to nearby military bases in the area. Typically we only see Chinooks around here. However, the one thing that did make me incredibly uneasy after thinking what this could be is the fact this is incredibly close to AWE which manufacturers and maintains the nuclear warheads for the UKs Trident nuclear defence programme. The main entrance gate is little more than a 10 minute walk from my front door. Eventually it started moving at a slower pace towards the direction of Newbury, Berkshire, but it didn't appear to turn, it suddenly moved in another direction. I like to think rationally of things I cannot explain, and I'm not going to speculate if it is ET or terrestrial, but by definition, it was unidentified, flying and a object of some sort. I would be curious to know of anyone else had seen it, as I have heard of no other sightings.
