{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-08-15 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281854","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121618","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2315,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/854/mufon-5281854.json","updb_database_id":5281854}
Gray large ufo with white light eminating from within

On twilight of evening of August 15, 1996 I was sitting in the backyard of 3131 34 Ave. Sacramento CA with my cat George relaxing and thinking enjoying night air facing west. At one point I turned to my right and looking thru my neighbor's brown fence to the north in between openings in slats I saw a white light near or on the ground slithering like a serpent from left to right. ( clue: who and what was the serpent in the garden of eden in the bible?).I said to myself : " thats against the laws of physics" ( white lights dont slither) I knew what it was and meant but was trying to talk myself out of it in disbelief. Right after that I stood up and my jaw dropped when I saw this huge light gray ufo with a white light eminating from the inside of it. It was huge no ore than 300- 500 feet or less above ground traveling from left to right silently NW sky to NE sky. It appeared to have thin black columns around sides of craft light gray craft with white light eminating from inside out and between columns. Now I was saying Our father, hail mary, St. Michael exorcism prayer, every prayer I could think of as I was extremely angry and extremely terrified it was there. I feared it might land or demons might exit it and chase me or it might attack my house.I knew from Our Lady of the Roses messages in bayside ny that in the messages from Heaven UFO's are "transports from hell carrying demons from place to place, to confuse and confound the populace" Ufo stopped in NE sky tilted its dome toward me watching me for several minutes. I thought to run inside get my camera to photograph it. In house no more than 30 seconds came back outside it was gone.
