{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-24 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490996","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68577","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3510,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/996/mufon-5490996.json","updb_database_id":5490996}
Bright/Dim Orb

It was 10:30pm and I was watching fireworks with my 6 year old son from his bedroom. They were being set off two blocks away at our local Stampede grounds due to the Stampede being in town. Our local Stampede grounds are situated right beside local coulee(s) in the area. 

I noticed a small, green, semi dim orb (Slightly larger then a star in the night sky) like figure off to the side of the fireworks, remaining stationary, as if it was observing the fireworks. I averted my attention to the green orb, trying to figure out what it was. I've lived in the neighborhood for 15+ years and had never seen anything like it. 

Shortly after the fireworks ended, it started moving slowly towards the center of the Stampede before moving back towards where it came from, all the while changing colors from a dim green to red to an orange red. It moved out towards the coulees before making a sharp 'C' type turn followed by a 'S' shaped movement back over to the grounds. It did this back and forth a couple times at various speeds, changing the colors and moving in different directions very sporadically. Sometimes it would be red for a long period of time before switching between to green and remaining of orange red for awhile. At one point it emitted a very bright green light that looked like it had 5-7 various beams pointed in different directions from it's midsection and down towards the ground for a few seconds (None were pointed upwards). It has shot up a short distance above the grounds at one point, before 'floating' back down slowly in a STRAIGHT line to the same level it had been at before. Finally, it remained stationary above the grounds, emitted the very bright green light over the Stampede (Again, it looked like it had 5-7 different beams of light shooting in different directions from it's mid section and down, never in the upwards direction). It remained like this for a minute or two before taking off at a fast pace to where I originally saw it, turning back into a dim green light. It shot then off in a curve like line at a medium like pace over towards the coulees and disappeared behind my neighbors garage.

My 6 year old son was witness to the entire event and he kept asking me what it was, as it confused us both. It definitely did NOT have the characteristics of any object I have seen before in the sky in the neighborhood, let alone anywhere else. Because of the small nature of the object and the distance, I did not pull out my phone to record it (A decision I regret). In total, the object was visible for approximately 15 minutes (My phone showed a time of 10:47pm when it disappeared). I did note that passerby's (I live two houses in from a semi main road) had also noticed the object in the sky, as my son and I heard someone shout 'What the **** is that green thing in the sky?' (I had the window fully opened for my son to listen to the fireworks).
