{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488996","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70643","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3019,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/996/mufon-5488996.json","updb_database_id":5488996}
{cak} Sighted an object having just above trees

This happened the summer before I started nursing school. My husband and I went for a ride in the country with a friend of ours. Our friend had beer with him, but my husband and I did not drink. We were riding in a pick up truck on country roads and were some where south of Glennwood Iowa. We had decided to head home and turned to the west down a gravel road. The gravel road jogged to the left and then to the right as it came down a bluff. I remember thinking that the farmer must have payed the county to go around his field. As we came down the road we commented that there was a pulsating. The pulsations were not like a sound but more like a feeling. The closest I can explain it is like if you are around high tension wires, wompa, wompa. Right after we noticed the pulsation we noticed to the right a white light just at the top of the hill. At the bottom of the hill the road again jogged to the right and we were now at the bottom of the bluff and we could clearly see an object hovering at tree top level across the field to our right. We stopped the truck. I was sitting in the middle. I remember our friend got out of the truck on the passenger car. I remember being scared and got out of the car on the drivers side. I remember that it was dark but you could make out the shape which was typical ufo saucer shape. It had white light emanating from inside the object. They actually appeared to be window like. I started to walk around the truck closer to it when it slowly began to ascend hovered for a second then shot straight up and was gone. We were pretty freaked out about it and I remember turning the radio on to see if there were any reports. After that we never talked about it again. I was talking with a student of mine years later in the 1990's somehow the subject of UFO's came up. He was talking about his experience and it sounded eerily like mine. Even the feeling of wompa, wompa. Except his experience was in his house with the object just over their trees to the south west. Several years later the student who was now a friend had me drive in the country to see if I could find the road. When I found a road that seemed the same as we got to the bottom and I said I pretty sure this is the road he told me that just over the top of the hill behind the trees was the house he lived in as a child. That was the house he had the ufo experience in.
